http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5685 methods of assisted reproduction
methods of assisted reproduction
Medicine and the law
Genetic dilemmas : reproductive technology, parental choices and children's futures
Medically assisted procreation and the protection of the human embryo : comparative study on the situation in 39 states
The ethics of genetics in human procreation
Children in homosexual families : report from the Commission on the situation of children in homosexual families = Barn i homosexuella familjer : Summary
The pathway from infertility to motherhood through assisted reproductive technology (ART)
Medicine, patients and the law
Birth law
Transition to parenthood after assisted reproductive treatment : follow-up study of singleton pregnancies
Reproductive genetics and the law
Liminal lives : imagining the human at the frontiers of biomedicine
Outcome of singleton pregnancy after assisted reproductive treatment
Abstract: Reproduction statistics 2000.
Bioéthique : de l'éthique au droit, du droit à l'éthique : colloque international, Lausanne, 17-18 octobre 1996 = Bioethik : von der Ethik zum Recht, vom Recht zur Ethik : internationales Kolloquium, Lausanne, 17.-18. Oktober 1996 = Bioethics : from ethics to law, from law to ethics : international colloquium, Lausanne, October 17-18, 1996.
Nameless relations : anonymity, Melanesia and reproductive gift exchange between British ova donors and recipients
Man-made women : how new reproductive technologies affect women
Frontiers of family law
Inherited developmental diseases related to reproductive failures in cattle
Get a life : his & hers survival guide to IVF
Enhancing evolution : the ethical case for making better people
Artificial reproduction and reproductive rights
The regulation of assisted reproductive technology
The right to reproductive choice : a study in international law
Medical ethics
The use of assisted fertilization in Finland : health effects and equity
Men's viewpoints on gender equality
International survey of laws on assisted procreation / Recueil international de lois sur la procréation assistée / réuni et édité par Jan Stepan
Medicine, ethics and law : Association for Legal and Social Philosophy, 13. Annual Conference at Leeds 4.-6. April 1986
Baby steps : how lesbian alternative insemination is changing the world
Embryos, ethics, and women's rights : exploring the new reproductive technologies
Principles of medical law
Parenthood for same-sex couples : Scandinavian developments
Embryo research in pluralistic Europe
The future of human reproduction : ethics, choice and regulation
Medical law : text, cases, and materials
Lisääntymistilastot 2000 = Reproduktionsstatistik 2000 = Reproduction statistics 2000
The body as property
Ethics, reproduction and genetic control
Parenthood in modern society : legal and social issues for the twenty-first century
Making babies : is there a right to have children?
A baby at last! : the couple’s complete guide to getting pregnant from cutting-edge treatments to commonsense wisdom
Reproductive technologies : gender, motherhood and medicine
A clone of your own? : the science and ethics of cloning
Motherhood is a central fact of many women's lives. Despite this, relatively little has been written about how maternity and childcare affect women's lives. This book looks at the relationship between women's identity and the capacity for motherhood. It examines the changing social and economic conditions in which women become mothers or, in fewer cases, do not have children; the opportunities women have to control their own fertility and the implications of 'new' reproductive technologies. This book brings together a wide range of topics, as well as considering some of the contradictions and neglected questions in feminist thinking about reproduction and childrearing.
Reproducing Jews : a cultural account of assisted conception in Israel
A question of life : the Warnock report on human fertilisation and embryology
Human fertilisation & embryology : regulating the reproductive revolution
Comparative biomedical policy : governing assisted reproductive technologies
Family law. Volume 1, Society and family
Disciplining reproduction : modernity, American life sciences, and "the problems of sex"
The right to life in European constitutional and international case-law
The family of woman : lesbian mothers, their children, and the undoing of gender
Abstract (s. 7-8).
Effects of embryological parameters on the success of fresh and frozen embryo transfers
Human rights in the twenty-first century : a global challenge
Moral dilemmas in modern medicine
There are more fertility clinics per capita in Israel than in any other country in the world and Israel has the world's highest per capita rate of in-vitro fertilization procedures. Fertility treatments are fully subsidized by Israeli national health insurance and are available to all Israelis, regardless of religion or marital status. These phenomena are not the result of unusually high rates of infertility in Israel but reflect the centrality of reproduction in Judaism and Jewish culture. In this ethnographic study of the new reproductive technologies in Israel, Susan Martha Kahn explores the cultural meanings and contemporary rabbinic responses to artificial insemination, in-vitro fertilization, egg donation, and surrogacy. Kahn draws on fieldwork with unmarried Israeli women who are using state-subsidized artificial insemination to get pregnant and on participant-observation in Israeli fertility clinics. Through close readings of traditional Jewish texts and careful analysis of Israeli public discourse, she explains how the Israeli embrace of new reproductive technologies has made Jewish beliefs about kinship startlingly literal. Kahn also reveals how a wide range of contemporary Israelis are using new reproductive technologies to realize their reproductive futures, from ultraorthodox infertile married couples to secular unmarried women. As the first scholarly account of assisted conception in Israel, this multisited ethnography will contribute to current anthropological debates on kinship studies. It will also interest those involved with Jewish studies.
Donor conception : a guide for people who are considering treatments or already have a donor-conceived child
Creating the child : the ethics, law and practice of assisted procreation
Unexplained infertility : studies on aetiology, treatment options and obstetric outcome
Influencing traits before birth
Women, motherhood and childrearing
Comparing concerns : some issues in organ and other donations
Queering reproduction : achieving pregnancy in the age of technoscience
Making parents : the ontological choreography of reproductive technologies
Bioethics : an anthology
Third party assisted conception across cultures : social, legal and ethical perspectives
Law and bioethics : an introduction
