http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p568 classroom work
classroom work
Discussion in the college classroom : getting your students engaged and participating in person and online
Student voice, teacher action research and classroom improvement
Day-to-day dyslexia in the classroom
The structural context of teaching
Scaffolded assistance provided by an EFL teacher during whole-class interaction
Classroom second language development : a study of classroom interaction and language acquisition
Change in classroom practice
Inclusive classrooms from A to Z : a handbook for educators
Stop the stress in schools : mental health strategies teachers can use to build a kinder, gentler classroom
Teaching today : a practical guide
25 biggest mistakes teachers make and how to avoid them
Controversies in classroom research : a reader
Teaching with classroom response systems : creating active learning environments
Classroom pedagogy and primary practice
The art of inquiry : questioning strategies for K-6 classrooms
Teacher Language and Student Learning enables teachers to observe their actions and ask, "Do I know how children perceive my behaviors?" It also helps them to understand reasons for children's responses to their words and actions. Teachers' behaviors are categorized in vignettes, and readers determine where they fit and what changes ought to be made for their teaching practices to be more effective.
Understanding and managing children's classroom behavior : creating sustainable, resilient schools
Teaching skills for dummies
Language choice in EFL teaching : student teachers' perceptions
Creativity in the classroom : schools of curious delight
Research methods and teachers' problems : a manual for systematic studies of classroom procedure
Words matter : teacher language and student learning
The effects of ICT on school: teachers’ and students’ perspectives
Classroom behavior : a little book for teachers
"In this bestselling book from nationally-acclaimed authors Annette Breaux and Todd Whitaker, you'll learn the seven key secrets to great teaching. These secrets will help both new and experienced teachers improve instruction, classroom management, student motivation, and more. The updated Second Edition contains new sections on collaborating with other teachers, using technology to improve teaching, and using social media responsibly"--
Practical tips for teaching assistants
Understanding Child and Adolescent Behaviour in the Classroom is a vital guide for pre-service and in-service teachers, providing the tools to respond effectively and ethically to child and adolescent behaviour that is of concern. In this innovative book, expert authors offer 'positive rules' that will assist educators in their classroom practice. Key practical issues that are addressed include: Building a purposeful and emotionally and psychologically positive classroom culture Recognising and responding to children who present with social, emotional and behavioural difficulties (SEBD/EBD) Using research to inform and enrich classroom practice around student conduct Working collegially to respond to the social, emotional and/or behavioural needs of individual students, including those needs associated with poor mental health and/or child protection. Cutting-edge research from psychology, behavioural science and education is accessibly presented to help develop professional expertise and knowledge in the area of child and adolescent behaviour.
Perfect for anyone studying education or involved in a site-based teacher education program, the book focuses on topics such as lesson-planning, questioning, and small-group and cooperative-learning strategies. The book is known for its solid coverage of teaching strategies and applications, and the new edition continues on in this tradition, with even more teaching applications and an engaging feature that highlights real-life voices from the field.
As teachers around the world deal with the challenges of inclusive education, they must endeavour to find effective ways of enhancing their classroom teaching methods. What Really Works in Special and Inclusive Education presents special educational needs teachers with a range of evidence-based strategies they can immediately put into practice in their classrooms. This unique book will be invaluable to any teacher in the field with neither the time nor the inclination to engage with theory-heavy research, but with a desire to ensure that their teaching strategies are up-to-the-minute and proven to be the most effective best practices. Each of the 26 strategies that this book comprises has a substantial research base, a strong theoretical rationale and clear guidelines on their implementation, as well as cautionary advice where necessary. In this new second edition, David Mitchell, a leading writer in special and inclusive education, continues to break new ground with revised and updated strategies based on evidence from the most recent studies in the field. From the myriad of related research available, only those studies with genuine potential for improving the practices of teachers and schools have been included, with the aim of facilitating practitioners in providing high-quality learning and social outcomes for all. Updates to this new edition include: An even wider international focus, including evidence drawn from the Far East New chapters on Response to Intervention, School-wide strategies, and the Finnish Education System A new companion website, with extra case studies and links to further reading, journal articles and video For anyone with a vocational or academic interest in evidence-based special educational needs teaching strategies – whether student or qualified classroom teacher, teacher trainer, educational psychologist, special needs coordinator, consultant or researcher – this book will be essential reading.
"Given the current educational climate of high stakes testing, standardized curriculum, and "approved" reading lists, incorporating unauthorized, often controversial, popular literature into the classroom becomes a political choice. The authors examine why teachers choose to read Harry Potter, how they use the books and incorporate new media, and the resulting teacher-student interactions. The book encourages a critical discussion regarding the state of our educational system and the increasing lack of space allowed for imagination and complexity. Its unique research methodology is part ethnographic, part practitioner research, and serves as an analytical commentary on current school culture and policy"--
Comprehensive classroom management : creating communities of support and solving problems
Readings on interaction in the classroom
To teach : the journey of a teacher
Our classroom : we can learn together
Managing classroom groups
Classroom observation tasks : a resource book for language teachers and trainers
Instruction : a models approach
Communication in mathematics, K-12 and beyond
"A vital classroom management resource, this book shows how to implement positive behavior interventions and supports (PBIS) in K-12 classrooms, regardless of whether PBIS is adopted schoolwide. Practical, step by step guidelines are provided for structuring the classroom environment, actively engaging students in instruction, teaching positive expectations, and establishing a continuum of strategies to reinforce positive behavior and respond to inappropriate behavior. Numerous real world examples and learning exercises are included. In a large size format with lay flat binding for easy photocopying, the book includes reproducible tools for classwide PBIS planning and implementation. Purchasers get access to a Web page where they can download and print the reproducible materials"--
Dialogue and the development of children's thinking : a sociocultural approach
Your first year of teaching and beyond
A teachers' guide to action research : evaluation, enquiry and development in the classroom
Classroom management : principles to practice
Classroom management that works : research-based strategies for every teacher
Dynamic assessment : a Vygotskian approach to understanding and promoting L2 development
Basic principles of student teaching
A teacher's world : psychology in the classroom
Dynamic Assessment (DA) reconceptualizes classroom interactions by arguing that teaching and assessment should not be distinct undertakings but must be integrated as a single activity that seeks to understand learner abilities by actively supporting their ongoing development. DA is based in the Vygotskian notion of the Zone of Proximal Development (ZPD) which captures the uniquely human potential to exceed our present capabilities by working in cooperation with others whose dialogic interaction mediates us to higher levels of functioning. DA offers a framework for co-constructing a ZPD with learners in order to simultaneously reveal the full range of their abilities and promote development. This book presents the first in-depth analysis of DAa (TM)s application to particular problems of L2 development. It includes detailed discussions of the core theoretical tenets as well as guidelines for implementing DA principles in L2 classrooms. The book will be of interest to language teacher educators, language testers, classroom practitioners, and students and researchers in the areas of SLA, language pedagogy, and assessment.
Positive behaviour management : a manual for teachers
Cooperative learning : warm-ups, grouping strategies and group activities
Sign to learn : American sign language in the early childhood classroom
Using debate in the classroom : encouraging critical thinking, communication, and collaboration
Exploring the multiage classroom
[Seven] essentials of character discipline : elementary classroom management
Negotiating and renegotiating conversational ground rules : formation of an artifact designed to mediate exploratory collaboration
A room full of children thinking : accounts of classroom research by teachers
Student participation in the IRF-structure : recitation or conversation
Supporting remote communities with a shared virtual classroom : a view of social contexts
Classwide positive behavior interventions and supports : a guide to proactive classroom management
Psychological perspectives in education
Beyond behaviorism : changing the classroom management paradigm
Approaches and Strategies in Next Generation Science Learning
"A Guide to Teaching Practice" is the most comprehensive text available for students on initial teacher training courses across all phases in the UK. The book's focus on the quality of teaching and learning and consideration of the latest regulations and guidelines ensures that it fits comfortably within current statutory frameworks. Revised and updated, this authoritative yet accessible textbook covers all the important basic skills and issues that students need to consider during their practice, such as planning, classroom organisation, behaviour management and assessment, as well as chapters on: the Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS); legal issues; learning and teaching and using ICT in the classroom; teaching and learning numeracy; teaching and learning literacy; children's rights; and, gifted and talented children. This respected and widely used textbook will be an essential resource for any student teacher. Additional learning resources for students are provided on a companion website, which contains further research, important links and downloadable materials. The website also contains information to make this book more relevant to international audiences.
Children as teacher-researcher's research partners : action research in the classroom
This practical guide outlines the knowledge and skills classroom observers need to identify and help develop effective teaching, and explains how leaders can best facilitate the development of classroom observers. The best way to ensure high quality instruction in every classroom is to provide teachers with accurate, constructive feedback on practices proven to enhance student learning. Skilled classroom observers help teachers do their best work, so that they can guide students to their greatest potential. Better Feedback for Better Teaching provides helpful, reliable strategies from leading experts and practitioners involved in the Measures of Effective Teaching (MET) project, which carried out one of the largest, most influential studies of classroom observations to date. Among the many topics covered, Better Feedback for Better Teaching describes how to: Build a shared vision of effective teacher feedback among observers Ensure a common understanding of a classroom observation tool Train observers to collect objective evidence from a lesson, efficiently and free of bias Leverage data to improve how observers are trained and supported. This comprehensive resource includes helpful starting points, as well as tips to refine techniques and address new challenges. Each section combines clear explanations of key ideas with concrete, adaptable examples and strategies. Self–assessments are included to help you quickly rank current needs and find the most relevant solutions.
Collaborative practitioners, collaborative schools
Teaching in the real world
Using language in the classroom
How does classroom management affect student achievement? What techniques do teachers find most effective? How important are schoolwide policies and practices in setting the tone for individual classroom management? In this follow-up to What Works in Schools, Robert J. Marzano analyzes research from more than 100 studies on classroom management to discover the answers to these questions and more. He then applies these findings to a series of "Action Steps" - specific strategies that educators can use to . Get the classroom management effort off to a good start, . Establish effective rules and procedures, . Implement appropriate disciplinary interventions, . Foster productive student-teacher relationships, . Develop a positive "mental set," . Help students contribute to a positive learning environment, and . Activate schoolwide measures for effective classroom management. Marzano and his coauthors Jana S. Marzano and Debra Pickering provide real stories of teachers and students in classroom situations to help illustrate how the action steps can be used successfully in different situations. In each chapter, they also review the strengths and weaknesses of programs with proven track records. With student behavior and effective discipline a growing concern in schools, this comprehensive analysis is a timely guide to the critical role of classroom management in student learning and achievement.
Peer groups and children's development
Creating positive environment through interaction in Finnish EFL and CLIL classrooms
Now in its fifth edition, Teaching Today is a comprehensive and readable introduction to teaching. Focusing on practical methods, teachniques and strategies, it has been one of the best-selling books on teaching for the last 20 years. This fully updates new edition provides a fresh treatment to the critical issues of differentiation, equality, inclusion anf how teachers work with other adults. As in previous editions, Geoff provides guidance that is supportive, challenging and down-to-earth to help teachers put ideas into practice. The fifth edition is now in a larger format, with plenty of white space in the margin for notes.
Classroom teaching skills : a primer
Psychology at work in the elementary school classroom
Humor in the classroom
"Teaching Harry Potter illuminates the experiences of three diverse teachers as they read the Potter novels in multicultural classrooms, pushing back against shrinking opportunities for literacy and imagination in urban schools. Utilizing a combination of ethnography, practitioner research, and critical analysis, the book provides an analytical commentary on school culture and policy, focusing on a sector that has been largely ignored in current debates about schooling--the role of teachers. Richly textured classroom narratives are complimented by analysis of the current state of the teaching profession and the potential of popular media and technology to support imagination and innovation in education"--
Comprehensive classroom management : creating positive learning environments for all students
A guide to teaching practice
All about the ECERS-R : a detailed guide in words and pictures to be used with the ECERS-R
Understanding child and adolescent behaviour in the classroom : research and practice for teachers
The Sage encyclopedia of classroom management. 1
Transforming classroom grading
"Peer Groups and Children's Development" considers the experiences of school aged children with their peer groups and its implications for their social, personal and intellectual development. This book: focuses on the peer group experiences of children attending school in Western societies, from five years of age through to adolescence; considers peer groups in classrooms, friendships made within and outside of school, and the groups that children participate in for extra curricular activities; and, includes a final summary which brings together the significant implications for theory, policy and practice. This book is unique in that no other volume reviews and integrates literature relating to peer groups in both classroom and out of class settings. It addresses the research interests of psychologists and educationalists, as well as the practical concerns of teachers, parents, counselors, and policy makers.
Humor in the classroom : a guide for language teachers and educational researchers
Educating young children : a structural approach
Humor in the Classroom provides practical, research-based answers to questions that educational researchers and language teachers might have about the social and cognitive benefits that humor and language play afford in classroom discourse and additional language learning. The book considers the ways in which humor, language play, and creativity can construct new possibilities for classroom identity, critique prevailing norms, and reconfigure particular relations of power. Humor in the Classroom encourages educational researchers and language teachers to take a fresh look at the workings of humor in today's linguistically diverse classrooms and makes the argument for its role in building a stronger foundation for studies of classroom discourse, theories of additional language development, and approaches to language pedagogy.
Staff development
Theories of learning and studies of instructional practice (explorations in the learning sciences, instructional systems 1)
Effective classroom teamwork : support or intrusion
Checking for understanding : formative assessment techniques for your classroom
Changing classroom behavior : a manual for precision teaching
Seven simple secrets : what the best teachers know and do!
Applying educational psychology
Communication in the language classroom
Understanding communication in second language classrooms
Discipline without punishment : an account of a school in action
Classroom behavior, contexts, and interventions
Cooperation and competition : theory and research
The chapters in this book are the reviewed and edited keynote presentations from the 7th International Conference hosted by the Skådalen Resource Centre and the Department of Special Needs Education in Oslo, March 19th and 20th, 2007. The conference was designed to engage researchers, professionals and parents on essential contemporary issues related to the education of the deaf children and their transitions into adulthood. The authors therefore spread over the fields of education, medicine, philosophy, psychology, social anthropology and linguistics  covering many of the issues that are relevant growing up with a hearing loss. The aim of the conference was to trace and identify some of the main features of existing and emerging educational discourse(s), their affiliations with other prevailing discourses and the development and articulation of coherent and useful discourses for educators and other stakeholders concerned with the educational development of deaf learners. This publication will be of interest to a range of individuals including, teachers, parents, researchers, sign linguists, speech and language therapists, teacher educators and those working in the fields of audiology and auditory education.
What really works in special and inclusive education : using evidence-based teaching strategies
Schemes for classroom drama
Temperament-based elementary classroom management
Classroom management strategies : gaining and maintaining students' cooperation
Towards inclusion : teacher learning in co-teaching
Meditation in schools : a practical guide to calmer classrooms
Classroom analysis : concepts, findings, applications
Early Childhood Environment Rating Scale
The essential guide to classroom practice : 200+ strategies for outstanding teaching and learning
Teacher thinking in cultural contexts
What the children taught me : the experience of an educator in the public schools
Teaching strategies : a guide to effective instruction
Beyond behavior modification : a cognitive-behavioral approach to behavior management in the school
Reports from the classroom : cases for reflection
Classroom management for secondary teachers
Class management and control : a teaching skills workbook
The classroom teacher ́s survival guide : practical strategies, management techniques, and reproducibles for new and experienced teachers
Collaborative teaming
Managing a cooperative classroom : a practical guide for teachers
Hearing-impaired children in the mainstream
School class size : research and policy
Effective classroom management : a teacher's guide
Classroom culture and dynamics
A guide to classroom observation
Managing classroom collaboration
Self-esteem in the classroom : a self-esteem curriculum
Cross-cultural analysis of teacher confirmation, student motivation, classroom emotion and emotional interest in China, Korea and Japan
Communication apprehension and avoidance in the classroom
Critical theory and classroom talk
Constructing educational discourses on deafness
They snooze, you lose : the educator's guide to successful presentations
Research in the classroom : talk, texts, and inquiry
Measuring classroom achievement
Guide to service-learning colleges and universities
Practical strategies for the inclusive classroom
Better behaviour in classrooms : a framework for inclusive behaviour management
Methods for teaching : promoting student learning in K-12 classrooms
Tablets in K-12 education : integrated experiences and implications
Interpersonal relationships in education : from theory to practice
Keep students engaged and actively learning with focused, relevant discussion. Second only to lecture as the most widely used instructional strategy, there's no better method than classroom discussion to actively engage students with course material. Most faculty are not aware that there is an extensive body of research on the topic from which instructors can learn to facilitate exceptional classroom discussion. Discussion in the College Classroom is a practical guide which utilizes that research, frames it sociologically, and offers advice, along with a wide variety of strategies, to help you spark a relevant conversation and steer it toward specific learning goals. Applicable across a spectrum of academic disciplines both online and on campus, these ideas will help you overcome the practical challenges and norms that can undermine discussion, and foster a new atmosphere of collaborative learning and critical thinking. Higher education faculty are increasingly expected to be more intentional and reflective in their pedagogical practice, and this guide shows you how to meet those expectations, improve student outcomes, and tackle the perennial problem of lagging engagement. Thoroughly grounded in the scholarship of teaching and learning, this book gives you concrete guidance on integrating discussion into your courses. You'll learn to: Overcome the challenges that inhibit effective discussion Develop classroom norms that facilitate discussion Keep discussion focused, relevant, and productive Maximize the utility of online student discussions The kind of discussion that improves learning rarely arises spontaneously. Like any pedagogical technique, careful planning and smart strategy are the keys to keeping students focused, engaged, and invested in the conversation. Discussion in the College Classroom helps you keep the discussion applicable to the material at hand while serving learning goals.
International handbook of education for spirituality, care and wellbeing. Part 2
"This book explores the use of hand-held mobile devices in primary and secondary classrooms to assist in learning, sharing, and communication among students and teachers"--
Towards dialogic teaching in science : challenging classroom realities through teacher education
Including students with special needs : a practical guide for classroom teachers
Debate holds enormous potential to build 21st century skills such as critical thinking, communication, collaboration, and conflict resolution in the K-12 classroom, but teachers often struggle to implement and contextualize it effectively. Using Debate in the Classroom draws on research from a variety of academic disciplines to explain the benefits of debate across subject areas, and describes how teachers can use debate to enliven their curriculum and support the aims of the Common Core. Topics include: Introducing debate as a pedagogical practice to engage students, improve school culture, and disrupt the school to prison pipeline. Using debate to teach critical literacy and improve students' reading, writing, and speaking skills. Implementing role-playing techniques to strengthen information literacy and reasoning skills. Building students' empathy, perspective-taking skills, and cultural humility as they confront difficult social issues through debate. Appendices provide a variety of tools to assist K-12 teachers in implementing debate in the classroom, including ready-made debate activities, student handouts, and a step-by-step guide to introducing students to debate in just one week.
Building classroom discipline
The organized teacher's guide to your first year of teaching
Educational psychology : an integrated approach to classroom decisions
Studies in educational learning environments : an international perspective
The social context of teaching
Effective, classroom management : a teacher's guide
Peer talk in the classroom : learning from research
Investigations into the instructional process. 8, On the problems of variable constructions from Flanders' interaction matrix with special emphasis on the stochastic nature of classroom communication
The power of positive teaching : 35 successful strategies for active and enthusiastic classroom participation
Teaching assistant's handbook
Teacher perspectives
Justifying the margins : identifying the effects of data collection and categorization methods on sociometri measurements in the classroom
Approximately 10 percent of school-aged children have ADD/ADHD--that is at least two students in every classroom. Without support and appropriate intervention, many of these students will suffer academically and socially, leaving them at risk for a variety of negative outcomes. This book serves as a comprehensive guide to understand and manage ADHD: utilizing educational methods, techniques, and accommodations to help children and teens sidestep their weaknesses and showcase their numerous strengths. This new 2016 edition has been completely updated with the latest information about ADHD, research-validated treatments, educational laws, executive function, and subject-specific strategies. It also includes powerful case studies, intervention plans, valuable resources, and a variety of management tools to improve the academic and behavioral performance of students from kindergarten through high-school.
Teaching : calling and skills
Human relations in curriculum change
Positive classroom management : a step-by-step guide to successfully running the show without destroying student dignity
Teacher to teacher : strategies for the elementary classroom
Towards an equitable classroom : cooperative learning in intercultural education in Europe : final report of the Cooperative Learning in Intercultural Education Project (CLIP)
Classroom management - management of crisis situation : school - fundamental institution of society
Kids with special needs : information and activities to promote awareness and understanding
Communicating in the classroom : a guide for subject teachers on the more effective use of reading, writing and talk
Effective teaching and learning : teachers' and students' perspectives
Common-sense classroom management : techniques for working with students with significant disabilities
Teacher turn-allocation and repair practices in classroom interaction : a multisemiotic perspective
The teacher as a source of educational support : exploring teacher-child interactions and teachers' pedagogical practices in Finnish preschool classrooms
Understanding pupil behaviour : classroom management techniques for teachers
Children's attachments to early caregivers, either inside or outside of the home, have consequences on their development. One adult relationship that is particularly salient to children outside of the home is their relationship with teachers. As children spend more of their time at school and working with teachers, the development of positive academic, behavioral, and social competence are placed in the hands of these adults. The current study explored how student-teacher relationships influence children's academic and behavioral development as evaluated by both teacher and student variables. A total of 10 third-grade teachers completed the Student-Teacher Relationship Scale (Pianta, 1992a), the Academic Competence Evaluation Scales- Teacher Form (DiPerna & Elliot, 2000), and the Social Skills Rating System- Problem Behaviors (Gresham & Elliot, 1990). A total of 80 third-grade student participants completed the Student Perception of Teacher Relationships Scale, a newly developed measure assessing students' perceptions of the relationship they share with their teacher. In addition, students' academic competence was evaluated with Curriculum-Based Measurement Oral Reading Fluency (Shinn & Shinn, 2002) and Curriculum-Based Measurement Mathematics Fluency probes (Shinn, 2002). Student behavior was evaluated through classroom observations utilizing the Behavioral Observation of Students in Schools (Shapiro, 1996). Results indicated that there was no relationship between students' and teachers' perceptions of the student-teacher relationship. Teacher perspectives of the student-teacher relationship predicted indirect measures of student problem behavior and direct measures of student classroom engagement. Student perspectives of the student-teacher relationship did not predict any student outcome variables. Limitations, directions for future research, and implications for school practice are discussed.
Improving classroom social climate : teacher's handbook
Offers advice for the first year of teaching, covering lesson planning, field trips, behavior management, book selections, supplies, staff meetings, and other related topics and includes a CD-ROM with ready-to-use documents.
Getting the buggers to behave 2
Preventing disruptive behavior in colleges : a campus and classroom management handbook for  higher education
Meaningful making : projects and inspirations for fab labs and makerspaces
The laughing classroom : everyone's guide to teaching with humor and play
Reducing behavior problems in the elementary school classroom
Classroom control : understanding and guiding classroom behaviour
Socialization, language choice and belonging : language norms in a first and second grade English medium class
Classroom control : a sociological perspective
Knowing matters : how students address lack of knowledge in bilingual classroom interaction
The Sage encyclopedia of classroom management. 2
Control theory in the classrooom
How to reach & teach children & teens with ADD/ADHD : practical techniques, strategies, and interventions
Classroom assessment scoring system : secondary manual
Classroom instruction that works : research-based strategies for increasing student achievement
Initial encounters in formal adult education : on decision-making in the classroom
Approaches and Strategies in Next Generation Science Learning examines the challenges involved in the development of modern curriculum models, teaching strategies, and assessments in science education in order to prepare future students in the 21st century economies. This comprehensive collection of research brings together science educators, researchers and administrators interested in enhancing the teaching and learning of next generation science.
Better feedback for better teaching : a practical guide to improving classroom observations
Differentiation and the secondary curriculum : debates and dilemmas
Student-teacher relationships : the impact of students' relationships with teachers on student school engagement, academic competence, and behavior
Using social media effectively in the classroom : blogs, wikis, Twitter, and more
Gender in the EFL classroom : differences in the teacher's reactions to boys' and girls' responses
The open classroom : a practical guide to a new way of teaching
Contrasting conversations : activities for exploring our beliefs and teaching practices
Making differentiation a habit : how to ensure success in academically diverse classrooms
Teaching Harry Potter : the power of imagination in multicultural classrooms
Texts and interaction : literacy practices in the EFL classroom
Teachers' perspective on gratitude within classroom environment
Psychology for teachers : an alternative approach
Effective teaching : evidence and practice
