http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5686 principle of proportionality (legal principles)
principle of proportionality (legal principles)
The law of international responsibility
Is all fair in law and war : the legality of collateral damage in targeted killings with drones : discussion particularly in the context of CIA drone attacks in Pakistan
The proportionality principle as a tool for disintegration in EU law : of balancing and coherence in the light of the fundamental freedoms
Proportionality and the rule of law : rights, justification, reasoning
Exceptions from EU free movement law : derogation, justification and proportionality
The apportionment problem : a monograph
The free movement of goods and the principle of proportionality
The Committee of the Regions and the implementation and monitoring of the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality in the light of the Constitution for Europe
Summary (s. 5-15).
Internet Connectivity Providers as Involuntary Copyright Enforcers : Blocking Websites in Particular
Proportionality in international law
"To speak of human rights is to speak of proportionality. It is no exaggeration to claim that proportionality has overtaken rights as the orienting idea in contemporary human rights law and scholarship. Proportionality has been received into the constitutional doctrine of courts in continental Europe, the United Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand, Israel, and South Africa, as well as the jurisprudence of treaty-based legal systems like the European Court of Human Rights, giving rise to claims of a global model, a received approach, or, simply, the best-practice standard of rights adjudication. Even in the United States, which is widely understood to have formally rejected proportionality, some argue that the various levels of scrutiny adopted by the US Supreme Court are analogous to the standard questions posed by proportionality. As proportionality scholars are well aware, some of the early literature on balancing and rights is American, with special reference to the First Amendment. Notwithstanding proportionality's popularity, there is no consensus on its methodology. Much less does the use of a proportionality doctrine guarantee consensus on substantive rights questions. What the principle of proportionality promises is a common analytical framework, a framework the significance of which is not in its ubiquity (a mere fact), but because its structure influences (some would say controls) how courts reason to conclusions in many of the great moral and political questions confronting political communities. As a framework, proportionality analysis is superficially straightforward, setting out four questions in evaluating whether the limitation of a right is justifiable. A serviceable - but by no means canonical"--
