http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5691 marine mammals
marine mammals
Marine mammals in the Bellsund - Van Mijenfjorden - Van Keulenfjorden area : new investigations and status of knowledge
Mammals in the seas. Vol. 3, General papers and large cetaceans
Behaviour and energetics of ice-breeding north Atlantic phocid seals during the lactation period
Conservation value assessment and distribution of selected marine mammals in the northern Barents Sea
Big book of sea creatures
FAO species identification sheets for fishery purposes : Southern Ocean : fishing areas 48, 58 and 88 : CCAMLR Convention Area. Volume 2
Abstract.
Biology of marine mammals : insights through strandings
The living marine resources of the Western Central Atlantic
Mammals in the seas. Volume 1, Report of the FAO Advisory Committee on Marine Resources Research
Port and ocean engineering under arctic conditions POAC. 2, Symposium on Noise and Marine Mammals, Fairbanks, AK, August 17-21, 1987
Marine mammals of California
Sea mammals of the world
Whales, dolphins and porpoises
The living marine resources of the western central Atlantic. Volumes 1-3
A complete guide to Antarctic wildlife : the birds and marine mammals of the Antarctic continent and the Southern Ocean
Marine mammal biology : an evolutionary approach
Shaped by the ice age : reconstruction of the history of mammals in Finland during the Late Pleistocene and the Early Holocene
Mammals in the seas. Vol. 4, Small cetaceans, seals, sirenians and otters
The Baltic Sea environment. Session 2, Life in the Baltic Sea
The living marine resources of the western central Pacific. Volumes 1-6
The day the whale came : the true story of a long-distance swimmer, a lost whale and their extraordinary encounter
The manatee scientists : saving vulnerable species
Whales, dolphins and seals : a field guide to the marine mammals of the world
Ocean giants
Effects of offshore petroleum operations on cold water marin mammals : a literature review
I am a dolphin
The living marine resources of the Western Central Pacific. Vol. 6, Bony fishes part 4 (Labridae to Latimeriidae), estuarine crocodiles, sea turtles, sea snakes and marine mammals
Whales, dolphins, and other marine mammals of the world
Molecular ecology of marine mammals
Contributions in marine mammal paleontology honoring Frank C. Whitmore, Jr
Whales
Marine mammals : evolutionary biology
Hunting in Kangerlussuaq, East Greenland, 1951-1991 : an assessment of local knowledge
Marine mammals : shared Nordic marine stocks
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
Mammals in the seas. Vol. 2, Pinniped species summaries and report on sirenians
Dolphins & whales
Whales & dolphins
Post-glacial development of Vertebrate fauna in Estonian water bodies : a palaeozoological study
Marine mammal research : conservation beyond crisis
In the ocean : a touch-and-feel adventure
The encyclopedia of sea mammals
Multispecies models for the Barents Sea
Whales and dolphins
Life stories
