http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5697 contractual salary
contractual salary
Financing of unemployment insurance under wage bargaining : new results
Corporatism and wage bargaining
Norwegian wage-bargaining in the nineties : the oscillation between centralisation and decentralisation
The impact of EMU on industrial relations in European Union
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
Well-functioning labour markets - a prosperous society : labour market policy Confederation of Finnish Industries EK 2006.
Study on audiovisual performers' contracts and remuneration practices in France and Germany
Self-interested governments, labor unions, and immigration policy
Summary and conclusions (s. 5-8).
Wage and employment patterns in labor contracts : microfoundations and macroeconomic implications
Employment law
Mastering human resource management
Corporatism or competition? : labour contracts, institutions and wage structures in international comparison
Higher wages and capital intensity : a closer look
Wage bargaining and wage drift : evidence from the Swedish wood industry
Structural rigidities in Europe
Four papers on wage formation in a unionized economy
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Why do capital intensive companies pay higher wages?
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
Efficiency wages, trade unions and labor taxation
Labour law in the Netherlands
Converging divergences : worldwide changes in employment systems
Comparative industrial & employment relations
Internal market : current status 1 July 1994. Vol. 6, Community social policy
Finland : decentralisation tendencies within a collective wage bargaining system
Corporatism and labour market performance
The impact of the internal market on pay and collective bargaining
Implementation of labour laws and collective agreements : in Finland, Sweden, Germany, France and Great Britain
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
The political economy of monetary policy and wage bargaining : theory and econometric evidence
Collective bargaining in Western Europe 1994 - 1995.
Models of currency crises with banking sector and imperfectly competitive labor markets
Sweden - centralised collective bargaining without government interference
Reward management : a critical text
Introduction and summary (s. 1-8).
The transformation of Finnish labour relations
A global union for global workers : collective bargaining and regulatory politics in maritime shipping
Equilibrium unemployment with capital investments under labour market imperfections
Industrial relations in Europe 2008
Is there scope for gains from revenue-neutral labour tax reforms with flexible outsourcing?
Defending of interests in Europe
Wage determination, taxes, and employment : evidence from Finland
Summary.
Wage bargaining in Europe : continuity and change
Flexible and committed profit sharing with wage bargaining : implications for equilibrium unemployment
We study the effects of labour market imperfections and capital stock on equilibrium unemployment. With an exogenous capital-labour ratio stronger labour market imperfections promote equilibrium unemployment. The relationship between the long-run unemployment and the capital stock is not monotonic. With sufficiently strong (weak) labour market imperfections capital investment has a wage-moderating (wage-increasing) effect, thereby decreasing (increasing) equilibrium unemployment if the relative bargaining power of the labour union is sufficiently strong (weak). Empirically, we find dispersed longrun effects of capital on unemployment by focusing on 16 OECD countries over 28 years.
The Swedish bargaining system in the melting pot : institutions, norms and outcomes in the 1990s : by Nils Elvander and Bertil Holmlund
Minimum wages, pay equity, and comparative industrial relations
Wage bargaining, risk-sharing and employment : four essays in labor economics
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing under labour market imperfections
Abstract (1 s.).
Labour market studies. Greece
Studies on wage formation
Migrants at work : immigration and vulnerability in labour law
EU social and employment law : policy and practice in an enlarged Europe
The Vaxholm case ad it's "solidarity lessons" from a Swedish and European perspective
Institutions and wage formation in the new Europe
Collective bargaining and wage formation : performance and challenges
Progressive taxation under centralised wage setting
Reviewing social competence of European communities, EC legislative process involving social partners and legal basis of European collective agreements
Collective bargaining, wages and employment : studies of the Finnish labour market
Wage contracts, policy regimes and business cycles : a contractual history of Sweden 1908 - 1990
Sticky wages in a full employment monetary economy with efficient risk sharing
Decentralised pay setting : a study of the outcomes of collective bargaining reform in the civil service in Australia, Sweden, and the UK
Flexibility in the labour market : the current debate : a technical report
Broadcasting and bargaining : labor relations in radio and television
