http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5692 error conditions
error conditions
Nuclear power plant operator errors during simulator training
Diagnostics of induction machine rotor faults using analysis of stator signals
New agile process errors in software development
The field guide to understanding human error
Debug it! : Find, repair, and prevent bugs in your code
Program design with Pascal : principles, algorithms, and data structures
Field failure data collection and analysis
IHI Global Trigger Tool and patient safety monitoring in Finnish hospitals : current experiences and future trends
Hindsight : the promise and peril of looking backward
Intelligent interpretation of machine condition data
Transient based earth fault location in 110 kV subtransmission networks
Human error in aviation
Beyond human error : taxonomies and safety science
The practical guide to defect prevention
Multibody models for examination of touchdown bearing systems
Guidelines for failure mode and effects analysis for automotive, aerospace and general manufacturing industries
Computer help for seniors in easy steps
Being wrong : adventures in the margin of error
Safety of the integrated navigation system of a ship in fault situations
Visual Basic. NET : a beginner's guide
Medication-related adverse outcomes and contributing factors among hospital patients : an analysis using hospitals incident reports, the Global Trigger Tool method, and observations with record reviews
How to break software : a practical guide to testing
Medication-related adverse outcomes and contributing factors among hospital patients : an analysis using hospital's incident reports, the Global Trigger Tool method, and observations with record reviews
The basics of FMEA
How and why things happen : anatomy of IT service incidents
Error : glitch, noise, and jam in new media cultures
Fault-tolerant process control : methods and applications
A life in error : from little slips to big disasters
An introduction to human factors engineering
Engineering robust designs with Six Sigma
National reporting systems for patient safety incidents : a review of the situation in Europe
The purpose of this thesis was to investigate what kind of new errors appear in researched agile process compared to other agile processes in software development. Nowadays, it is a common trend to develop in an agile way, but it is essential to understand what agility really means; especially, it is important to understand what kind of errors appear in agile processes.    The research was carried out as follows: the theory part was written based on available online resources and books about agile development and common errors found in agile proc-esses. The empirical part was conducted using a questionnaire and an interview regarding selected agile development process. The goal was to find errors from it. The results were compared to previously found errors to find out whether there were new errors. The research revealed ten errors of which four were new errors. New errors were related to the following areas: Requirement management tool was not used properly. In addition, there was a common misunderstanding when the release starts. Moreover, there are misunderstandings regarding which requirements should be part of the release. In all of these areas, there had previously been errors. The thesis concludes that all of these errors are visible due bad management of the process. Furthermore, this causes lack of communication in the process and it leads to the situation that everyone does not know how the process works or what their role in the process is. Thus, this leads to the situation that even though the release always delivers what it promises, 57 percent of the people involved in the process are not happy with it.    According to the research, the processes should be properly managed to get all the errors fixed. The manager of the process needs to be constantly ready to adopt changes to the pro-cess if they are needed to make the process better. Communication is the first customer satisfaction measurement which needs to be in place as the errors appear through communication. A follow up research would be needed in the future to see if the same errors still exist and what areas in the process need more optimizing.
Website design with CSS and HTML
Defensive design for the web : how to improve error messages, help, forms and other crisis points
Systematic analysis and prevention of human originated common cause failures in relation to maintenance activities at Finnish nuclear power plants
Practical power systems protection
Introduction of intelligent machine fault diagnosis and prognosis
Managing maintenance error : a practical guide
Power quality
"Miscommunication" and problematic talk
