http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5693 mistake
mistake
Learning from our mistakes : beyond dogma in psychoanalysis and psychotherapy
Why smart executives fail and what you can learn from their mistakes
Something from Tiffany's
So you've been publicly shamed
The folding knife
How we know what isn't so : the fallibility of human reason in everyday life
The undercover philosopher : a guide to detecting shams, lies, and delusions
Do they think you're stupid? : 100 ways of spotting spin & nonsense from the media, pundits & politicans
Contract law and practice : the English system and continental comparisons
Brand failures : the truth about the 100 biggest branding mistakes of all time
Being wrong : adventures in the margin of error
Children's mathematics 4-15 : learning from errors and misconceptions
Social work under pressure : how to overcome stress, fatigue and burnout in the workplace
Statistical analysis of human maintenance failures of a nuclear power plant
Unexpected consequences : why the things we trust fail
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
Emily Sparkes and the competition calamity
The rediscovery of common sense philosophy
Human reliability : analysis. prediction, and prevention of human errors
The field guide to understanding human error
Law of contract
Mistake, fraud and duties to inform in European contract law
The natural science of stupidity
Enlightenment aberrations : error and revolution in France
The doctrine of criminal liability and the draft criminal code for Finland
Errors and mistakes : a cultural history of fallibility
Bad form : social mistakes and the nineteenth-century novel
Management mistakes and successes
Concept of change of circumstances in the harmonized European contract law
Confusion : a study in the theory of knowledge
No turning back
The rhetoric of error from Locke to Kleist
The encyclopædia of stupidity
Hamartia : the concept of error in the western tradition : essays in honor of John M. Crossett
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
Tolerance and the ethical life
Design disasters : great designers, fabulous failures, and lessons learned
