http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5690 Pinnipedia
Pinnipedia
Behaviour and energetics of ice-breeding north Atlantic phocid seals during the lactation period
Population dynamics of seals : the influences of spatial and temporal structure
The effects of noise on aquatic life
Mammals of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries. Vol. 3, Carnivora (Fissipedia and Pinnipedia)
Prisoners of the ice age
Creatures of the deep
Seals & sea lions
New specimens of the pinnipediform Pteronarctos from the Miocene of Oregon
Hunters, predators and prey : Inuit perceptions of animals
Elephants are not picked from trees : animal biographies in Gothenburg Museum of Natural History
Systematic position and delimitation of ascardoid nematode parasites of the genus Contracaecum with a note on the superfamily Ascaridoidea
A complete guide to Antarctic wildlife : the birds and marine mammals of the Antarctic continent and the Southern Ocean
My polar animals journal : in search of polar bears, penguins, whales and seals
Sealing and animal husbandry in the Ålandic Middle and Late Neolithic
Weddell seal, consummate diver
Shaped by the ice age : reconstruction of the history of mammals in Finland during the Late Pleistocene and the Early Holocene
Evaluating breeding habitat and populations of ringed seals Phoca hispida in Svalbard fjords
Whales, dolphins and seals : a field guide to the marine mammals of the world
Mixed-stock exploitation of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) and seal-induced damage in the coastal trap-net fishery of the Gulf of Bothnia : challenges and potential solutions
Blown away
Biomarkers for exposure and for the effects of contamination with polyhalogenated aromatic hydrocarbons in Baltic ringed and grey seals
Whales, dolphins, and other marine mammals of the world
Contributions in marine mammal paleontology honoring Frank C. Whitmore, Jr
Population dynamics of seals : the influences of spatial and temporal structure : Karin C. Harding
Evaluation of the suitability of baculovirus expressed glycoprotein D for a subunit vaccine against phocid herpesvirus type 1 (PhHV-1) and investigation of an animal model for future vaccination trials
Structure and numbers of seal populations in the northern Baltic Sea: a study based on Finnish bounty statistics, 1956-1975
Behaviour and energetics of icebreeding north Atlantic phocid seals during the lactation period
Mammals in the seas. Vol. 2, Pinniped species summaries and report on sirenians
Saippa saimaannorpan puuhakirja = Saippa : the Saimaa ringed seal coloring and activity book
Amy Snowycoat's daring dive
Inuit hunting traditions are rich in perceptions, practices and stories relating to animals and human beings. Laugrand and Oosten examine key figures such as the raven, an animal that has a central place in Inuit culture as a creator and a trickster, and qupirruit, a category consisting of insects and other small life forms.
"The book examines how the museum acquired animals for its exhibits from 1906 to 1948, and how living animals bodies became museum exhibits. Using photographs and documents from the Gothenburg Natural History Museum, the book shows that these museums are in possession of valuable material for writing the cultural history of animals, and that the museums of natural history display a nature that is historically, socially and culturally construed."--P. [4] of cover.
The results of aircraft survey of Ladoga ringed seals
The encyclopedia of sea mammals
The silky seal pup
Marine mammal research : conservation beyond crisis
Damage caused by seals to salmon fisheries in Finland in 1974-1976
Marine mammals of California
The endangered Saimaa ringed seal in a changing climate : challenges for conservation and monitoring
Management plan for the Finnish seal populations in the Baltic Sea
The sensory physiology of aquatic mammals
