http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p569 teaching situation
teaching situation
Teaching skills for dummies
Towards dialogic teaching in science : challenging classroom realities through teacher education
Seven simple secrets : what the best teachers know and do!
The will to learn : a guide for motivating young people
On the analysis of classroom teaching situations : methodological experiment
Smart discipline for the classroom : respect and cooperation restored
Differentiating instruction for students with learning disabilities : new best practices for general and special educators
Hear, listen, play! : how to free your student's aural, improvisation and performance skills
Introducing classroom interaction
A guide to classroom observation
Gendered classroom practices and teachers' attitudes towards gender in lower secondary school EFL classes
Planning from lesson to lesson : a way of making lesson planning easier
Encouragement works best : positive approaches to classroom management
Defusing disruptive behavior in the classroom
Investigations into the instructional process. 6, Group work as a social interaction process : a case approach
The perfect norm : how to teach differentially, assess effectively, and manage a classroom ethically in ways that are "brain-friendly" and culturally responsive
Classroom behaviour : a practical guide to effective teaching, behaviour management and colleague support
Emotional pedagogy : to feel in order to learn : incorporating emotional intelligence in your teaching strategies
Constructive feedback : learning the art : the story of Oliver and Taylor
Powerful techniques for teaching adults
Teaching assistant's handbook
School days, fun days : creative ways to teach humor skills in the classroom
Scaffolded assistance provided by an EFL teacher during whole-class interaction
The encyclopedia of icebreakers : structured activities that warm-up, motivate, challenge, acquaint and energize
The language of teaching : meaning in classroom interaction
Self-study approaches and the teacher-inquirer : instructional situations case analysis, critical autobiography, and action research
Classroom assessment scoring system : secondary manual
Managing to teach : a guide to classroom management : teach self-management, improve work habits, minimize misbehavior, maximize learning time, encourage cooperation, increase motivation
"The first curricular-focused outdoor learning textbook for prospective and practising K-12 teachers, this book provides both academic justification and practical support for educators working in a wide variety of environments and with diverse populations of students to incorporate more meaningful outdoor learning opportunities into their daily teaching activities. Learning Outside the Classroom is not a set of prescriptive activities that can be read and used uncritically. The idea of adaptation for personal relevance is central. All teachers are capable of enhancing their students' learning experiences by systematically and progressively incorporating ventures outside the classroom into their lessons. The principles and examples presented in this book are intended to be adapted by teachers to suit the needs of their students in ways that draw upon content offered by the local landscape and its natural and built heritage. Nor is this book just about outdoor learning; it's about good teaching -- wherever it takes place. It is about helping teachers devise and use the tools with which they can address the largely uncontested assumption that legitimate learning only occurs within four walls. Learning outside the classroom affords teachers the privilege of helping and the joy of observing students in a process of intellectual, emotional, and social growth that can last a lifetime"-- Provided by publisher.
Classroom management : sound theory and effective practice
Humor in the Classroom provides practical, research-based answers to questions that educational researchers and language teachers might have about the social and cognitive benefits that humor and language play afford in classroom discourse and additional language learning. The book considers the ways in which humor, language play, and creativity can construct new possibilities for classroom identity, critique prevailing norms, and reconfigure particular relations of power. Humor in the Classroom encourages educational researchers and language teachers to take a fresh look at the workings of humor in today's linguistically diverse classrooms and makes the argument for its role in building a stronger foundation for studies of classroom discourse, theories of additional language development, and approaches to language pedagogy.
Teacher practice, pedagogical discourses and the construction of knowledge : two case studies of teachers at work
Personality and learning : educational studies, a second level course. Block 11, Classroom interaction
An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Case studies on teaching
Common knowledge : the development of understanding in the classroom
Designing environments for constructive learning
The teacher as a source of educational support : exploring teacher-child interactions and teachers' pedagogical practices in Finnish preschool classrooms
Foundations of primary teaching
Lost in transnation : towards an intercultural dimension on campus
Better behaviour in classrooms : a framework for inclusive behaviour management
Investigations into the instructional process. 5, Experiences with the Bellack classification system
Practical tips for teaching assistants
Active talk : the effective use of discussion in learning
Making teaching visible : documenting individual and group learning as professional development : a making learning visible monograph
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
Learning outside the classroom : theory and guidelines for practice
Classroom management for secondary teachers
Secondary school teaching : a guide to methods and resources
English language teaching : major themes in education. Volume 3
The organized teacher's guide to your first year of teaching
Investigations into the instructional process. 9, Pupil's goal-related behavior during the instructional interaction
Making sense of the problems of change : an ethnographic study of a teacher education reform
Inspiring active learning : a handbook for teachers
Structural elements of the instructional process : activity forms and content
An Investigation into the Issues Facing Effective Employee Induction : The Case of New Employee Induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Evaluating the primary school : a practical guide to the evaluation process
Instructional-design theories and models : an overview of their current status
The use of different style variants and style shifting and their functions in the speech of an EFL teacher
Using talk effectively in the primary classroom
Equality matters : case studies from the primary school
Effective classroom management : a teacher's guide
Offers advice for the first year of teaching, covering lesson planning, field trips, behavior management, book selections, supplies, staff meetings, and other related topics and includes a CD-ROM with ready-to-use documents.
Research in the classroom : talk, texts, and inquiry
Instruction : a models approach
The classroom x-factor : the role of body language and nonverbal communication in teaching
Effective teaching : evidence and practice
Tools for teaching : discipline, instruction, motivation
How does classroom management affect student achievement? What techniques do teachers find most effective? How important are schoolwide policies and practices in setting the tone for individual classroom management? In this follow-up to What Works in Schools, Robert J. Marzano analyzes research from more than 100 studies on classroom management to discover the answers to these questions and more. He then applies these findings to a series of "Action Steps" - specific strategies that educators can use to . Get the classroom management effort off to a good start, . Establish effective rules and procedures, . Implement appropriate disciplinary interventions, . Foster productive student-teacher relationships, . Develop a positive "mental set," . Help students contribute to a positive learning environment, and . Activate schoolwide measures for effective classroom management. Marzano and his coauthors Jana S. Marzano and Debra Pickering provide real stories of teachers and students in classroom situations to help illustrate how the action steps can be used successfully in different situations. In each chapter, they also review the strengths and weaknesses of programs with proven track records. With student behavior and effective discipline a growing concern in schools, this comprehensive analysis is a timely guide to the critical role of classroom management in student learning and achievement.
The balance of instructional situations
100+ ideas for managing behaviour
Teacher's handbook : contextualized language intruction
Classroom discourse : the language of teaching and learning
Classroom management that works : research-based strategies for every teacher
The art of teaching peacefully
Gender and authority : classroom diplomacy at German and American universities
Teachers and assistants working together
Meditation in schools : a practical guide to calmer classrooms
The successful classroom : management strategies for regular and special education teachers
Perspectives from Finland : towards new learning environments
Focus on teaching : using video for high-impact instruction
Expectations in the classroom
Language and literacy development in children who are deaf
Preventing disruptive behavior in colleges : a campus and classroom management handbook for  higher education
Abstract: An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit. The main objective of this study was to investigate what are the issues and possible problems that this one unit in a researched company is facing in their induction and how the employees themselves see the current situation of the induction.    The researched company unit felt that there was a need for a  concentrated induction process created especially for the employees of this particular unit. Before planning the new process, it would be essential to map the current situation  and define the issues that have to be taken into account when planning the induction.    This Bachelor's Thesis is therefore investigating what are the most important issues to take into consideration when it comes to new employee induction.    A critical review of the literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was administered to 53 employees who had joined the researched company unit within the past year.    The results revealed that there is no common process followed at the researched company unit. Furthermore, the findings illustrate that the issues that the company should take into account regarding the induction are the induction plan and the presence of the immediate supervisor on the newcomer's first day.
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
First steps in teacher training : a practical guide ("The TrainEd Kit")
Humor in the classroom : a guide for language teachers and educational researchers
Story as vehicle : teaching English to young children
Teacher Language and Student Learning enables teachers to observe their actions and ask, "Do I know how children perceive my behaviors?" It also helps them to understand reasons for children's responses to their words and actions. Teachers' behaviors are categorized in vignettes, and readers determine where they fit and what changes ought to be made for their teaching practices to be more effective.
Psychology and the teacher
A study on move patterns and exchanges in opening phases
Educational psychology : an integrated approach to classroom decisions
The teacher's guide to success
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
Language interaction in curriculum and instruction : what the classroom teacher needs to know
Texts and interaction : literacy practices in the EFL classroom
Why is it that some teachers have a kind of magical charisma and charm in the classroom which sets them apart from their peers? The answer is: they have the 'X-Factor'. White and Gardner's gripping text, The Classroom X Factor, examines the notion of having what the public has come to call the 'X-Factor' from the perspective of the teacher, offering fascinating insight into the use of non verbal communication in the classroom. Using classroom and curricular examples this book sets out to show how both trainee and practicing teachers can identify their own 'X-Factor' in order to help transform their perspectives and perceptions of themselves during the 'live act' of teaching. White and Gardner show that by following simple methods borrowed from psychology and cognitive science teachers can develop their own 'X-Factor' and in so doing increase their enjoyment and efficacy as professionals. The techniques described include some of the following: - Facial and vocal expression - Gesture and body language - Use of space and physical arrangement of the classroom - Pupil motivation - Pedagogical approaches.
Teaching for effective learning in higher education
Conversational joking in the classroom
Scientific argumentation in biology : 30 classroom activities
Teacher perspectives
Education : course: introduction to education cases with teaching notes
Evaluating online teaching : implementing best practices
Discussions on some educational issues. 3
Crash and learn : 600+ road-tested tips to keep audiences fired up and engaged!
Inspiring active learning : a complete handbook for today's teachers
On features of spoken language with observations on the teaching of oral skills in senior secondary school
The second edition of Language and Literacy Development in Children Who are Deaf provides the most current information about teaching language, reading, and writing to deaf children. Models and strategies are clearly described and supported by theory, current research, and numerous examples of how these models and strategies can be used in classrooms with deaf students. The book has been reorganized so teachers can easily follow how to assess a deaf child's current abilities in language and literacy, develop appropriate instructional goals, and choose from among a variety of effective teaching models and strategies. The second edition discusses issues related to American Sign Language, bilingual education techniques, incorporating technology into instruction, and developing balanced literacy programs for deaf children. Experienced teachers, novice teachers, and individuals becoming teachers of deaf children can use this information to develop a comprehensive language and literacy program for deaf students from preschool through high school. For anyone who teaches reading or language to deaf children, or who is involved in literacy development of deaf children.
Investigations into the instructional process : 1 : Some methodological problems
"Tell me more" : listening to learners explain
Checking for understanding : formative assessment techniques for your classroom
English language teaching : major themes in education. Volume 6
The developmental management approach to classroom behaviour : responding to individual needs
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Classroom group behavior : group dynamics in education
Quality questioning : research-based practice to engage every learner
English language teaching : major themes in education. Volume 2
Create a more effective system for evaluating online faculty Evaluating Online Teaching is the first comprehensive book to outline strategies for effectively measuring the quality of online teaching, providing the tools and guidance that faculty members and administrators need. The authors address challenges that colleges and universities face in creating effective online teacher evaluations, including organizational structure, institutional governance, faculty and administrator attitudes, and possible budget constraints. Through the integration of case studies and theory, the text provides practical solutions geared to address challenges and foster effective, efficient evaluations of online teaching. Readers gain access to rubrics, forms, and worksheets that they can customize to fit the needs of their unique institutions. Evaluation methods designed for face-to-face classrooms, from student surveys to administrative observations, are often applied to the online teaching environment, leaving reviewers and instructors with an ill-fitted and incomplete analysis. Evaluating Online Teaching shows how strategies for evaluating online teaching differ from those used in traditional classrooms and vary as a function of the nature, purpose, and focus of the evaluation. This book guides faculty members and administrators in crafting an evaluation process specifically suited to online teaching and learning, for more accurate feedback and better results. Readers will: Learn how to evaluate online teaching performance Examine best practices for student ratings of online teaching. Discover methods and tools for gathering informal feedback Understand the online teaching evaluation life cycle The book concludes with an examination of strategies for fostering change across campus, as well as structures for creating a climate of assessment that includes online teaching as a component. Evaluating Online Teaching helps institutions rethink the evaluation process for online teaching, with the end goal of improving teaching and learning, student success, and institutional results.
Humour in EFL classrooms : a comparative case study between elementary and secondary school lessons
Opening dialogue : understanding the dynamics of language and learning in the English classroom
How to manage behaviour in further education
Investigations into the instructional process. 8, On the problems of variable constructions from Flanders' interaction matrix with special emphasis on the stochastic nature of classroom communication
Investigations into the instructional process. 10, Report of the DPA Helsinki, phase one
Gender, participation, and silence in the language classroom : sh-shushing the girls
Discourse and performance of international teaching assistants
Teaching in the real world
Handbook of response to intervention : the science and practice of assessment and intervention
An introduction to pragmatics : social action for language teachers
The organic curriculum : organizing for learning 7-12
Body language for competent teachers
Studying - the realistic bridge between instruction and learning : an attempt to a conceptual whole of the teaching-studying-learning process
Not goats ... children! : tactical tips from a teacher
An introduction to classroom observation
Question in teacher talk
"In this bestselling book from nationally-acclaimed authors Annette Breaux and Todd Whitaker, you'll learn the seven key secrets to great teaching. These secrets will help both new and experienced teachers improve instruction, classroom management, student motivation, and more. The updated Second Edition contains new sections on collaborating with other teachers, using technology to improve teaching, and using social media responsibly"--
How do teachers listen to their pupils?
Classroom culture and dynamics
Transformation of knowledge through classroom interaction
Essential teaching skills
Classroom interaction : the internationalised anglophone university
The process of education
This book provides a wide-ranging and in-depth theoretical perspective on dialogue in teaching. It explores the philosophy of dialogism as a social theory of language and explains its importance in teaching and learning. Departing from the more traditional teacher-led mode of teacher-student communication, the dialogic approach is more egalitarian and focuses on the discourse exchange between the parties. Authors explore connections between dialogic pedagogy and sociocultural learning theory, and argue that dialogic interaction between teacher and learners is vital if instruction is to lead to cognitive development. The book also presents prosody as a critical resource for understanding between teachers and students, and includes some of the first empirical studies of speech prosody in classroom discourse.
They snooze, you lose : the educator's guide to successful presentations
Behaviour for learning : proactive approaches to behaviour management
The teaching of communicativeness in the English coursebooks Action and Passwords
Overcoming learning and behaviour difficulties : partnership with pupils
Dialogic pedagogy : the importance of dialogue in teaching and learning
Discourse and dialogue
Help seeking in academic settings : goals, groups, and contexts
Positive teaching, positive learning
Novice language teachers : insights and perspectives for the first year
Classroom assessment and research : an update on uses, approaches, and research findings
Changing teachers, changing times : teachers' work and culture in the postmodern age
Oral exercises in three exercise books of the second year students of the Finnish senior secondary school
Temperament in English teaching
Teachers, language and learning
Classroom teaching skills
Words matter : teacher language and student learning
Teacher talk : what it really means
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Classroom authority : theory, research, and practice
Classroom discussion : strategies for engaging all students, building higher-level thinking skills, and strengthening reading and writing across the curriculum
150 ways to increase intrinsic motivation in the classroom
When teaching becomes learning : a theory and practice of teaching
Computers and talk in the primary classroom
Discourse analysis & the study of classroom language & literacy events - a microethnographic perspective
The essential guide to classroom practice : 200+ strategies for outstanding teaching and learning
Perspectives on instructional communication
Teacher to teacher : strategies for the elementary classroom
