http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5704 Polyporaceae
Polyporaceae
Hymenochaetaceae in China : hydnoid, stereoid and annual poroid genera, plus additions to Phellinus
On Fennoscandian Polypores III: Phellinus tremulae (Bond.) Bond. & Borisov
The coleopteran fauna of Piptoporus betulinus and Fomes fomentarius (Aphyllophorales: Polyporaceae) in western Norway
Two new species and some new records of polypores from Changbai Mountain, northeastern China
Papers of Hymenochaetaceae
The Polyporaceae of the European USSR and Caucasia = Trutovye griby evropeiskoi chasti SSSR i Kavkaza
CD-kääpäopas = CD guide to the polypores of Finland
Kääpien mikroskooppinen määritys = Microscopic identification of polypores
Polypores from eastern Xizang (Tibet), western China
Insects inhabiting two old-growth forest polypore species
The polypore genera Abundisporus and Perenniporia (Basidiomycota) in China, with notes on Haploporus
Role of the Siberian flying squirrel as an umbrella species for biodiversity in northern boreal forests
Fungal families of the world
Beetles in polypores of the Moscow region : checklist and ecological notes
The genus Inonotus
Enzymatic plant cell wall degradation by the white rot fungus Dichomitus squalens
The effects of forest-fuel harvesting on fungi in boreal forests
Studies in the Aphyllophorales of Finnmark, Northern Norway
Polypore (Basidiomycetes) species richness and community composition in old-growth boreal forests of northeastern Finland and adjacent Russian Karelia
Some neotropical wood-inhabiting fungi
Insects in wood-decaying fungi : ecology, diversity and response to forest management
Polypore (Aphyllophorales, Basidiomycetes) studies in Russia. 1, South Ural
Poroid fungi of Europe
Perennial polypores as indicators of annual and red-listed polypores
Ecology and decay pattern of Phellinus robustus in old-growth Quercus robur
European polypores. Part 2, Meripilus - Tyromyces
Polypores and associated beetles in forest-clear-cut ecotone
Wood-inhabiting fungi in southern China. 2, Polypores from Sichuan Province
Polypore (Aphyllophorales, Basidiomycetes) studies in Russia. 2, Central Ural
Notes on some rare polypores, found in Russia. 1, Genera Antrodiella, Gelatoporia, Irpex, Oxyporus, Pilatoporus and Porpomyces
Spatial distribution of dead wood and the occurrence of five saproxylic fungi in old-growth timberline spruce forests in northern Finland
Fungal strategies of wood decay in trees
Biology of insect populations and cummunities in old-growth forest polypores
Abstract: Aspects are presented on the complex constituted by the four Friesian fungus species Daedalea Bulliardi, D. confragosa, D. rubescens and Lenzites tricolor, all now referred to the genus Daedaleopsis Schroet...
Ecological efficiency of voluntary conservation of boreal-forest biodiversity
Wood-inhabiting basidiomycetes in the Caucasus region : Systematics and biogeography
Ecology and decay pattern of Inocutis dryophila in Quercus robur
The Polyporaceae of the United States, Alaska and Canada
Five species of Anomoporia - rare polypores of old forests
Dispersal ecology and conservation of wood-decay fungi
Heterobasidion root rot in Norway spruce : modelling incidence, control efficacy and economic consequences in Swedish forestry
Polypore-inhabiting beetles of four protected forests in South Häme, Central Finland
Taxonomy of the Oligoporus hibernicus complex (Basidiomycota), with the new species O. parvus
Taxonomic position and world distribution of Pachykytospora nanospora (Polyporaceae)
Northern Antrodiella species : the identity of A. semisupina, and type studies of relatedtaxa
Field attraction of Coleoptera to odours of the wood-decaying polypores Fomitopsis pinicola and Fomes fomentarius
CD-Kääpäopas / CD Guide to the Polypores of Finland
Notes on Polish polypores. 4, Polyporus alveolaris
Physiological and molecular analysis of the interaction between the conifer pathogen Heterobasidion annosum s.I. and Phlebiopsis gigantea
Polypores of Åland Islands : species inventory report
Permanent exhibition of lichens, mosses and tree fungi
Parasitoid wasps (Hymenoptera) reared from two polypore fungi on aspen in Kivach, The Karelian Republic of Russia
Suomen kääpien määritysopas = Guide to the polypores of Finland
Protection of spruce stumps against Fomes annosus (Fr.) cooke by some wood-inhabiting fungi
Neotropical polypores. 1, Introduction, Ganodermataceae & Hymenochataceae
Wood-inhabiting fungi in southern China. 1, Polypores from Hunan Province
The biocontrol agent phlebiopsis gigantea : efficacy and impacts on the stump bacterial biota and conifer tree defences
Heterobasidion annosum s.l. and wood degradation of Norway spruce (Picea abies) : the effects of sectioning, crown type and wood properties
Hoplothrips polysticti (Thysanoptera) on the wood-rotting polypore Trichaptum abietinum infesting dead Picea abies in Norway
Wood-inhabiting basidiomycetes in the Caucasus region : systematics and biogeography
Developing tools for biodiversity surveys : studies with wood-inhabiting fungi
Dead-wood-associated aphyllophoroid fungi : perspectives on the diversity, ecology and conservation biology of species and their habitats
Genetic structure of populations of root rot fungi with special emphasis on Heterobasidion annosum
New records of Funalia trogii, Perenniporia tenuis and Polyporus pseudobetulinus from Finland, with notes on their habitat requirements and conservation implications
Communities of wood-inhabiting fungi : ecological requirements and responses to forest management and ragmentation
Quantifying the indicator power of an indicator species
North European species of Ceriporiopsis (Basidiomycota) and their Asian relatives
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
Polypore flora and diversity in Changbai Mts., northeastern China
New species in Junghuhnia (Polyporales, Basidiomycota)
Murrill's and Saccardo's names of polypores compared
Genus revisions and new combinations of some North European polypores
A new species of Wrightoporia (Basidiomycetes) from China
Anomoloma, a new genus separated from Anomoporia on the basis of decay type and nuclear rDNA sequence data
In silico genomics of fungal oxidoreductase genes
Changbai wood-rotting fungi 4. Some species described by A. S. Bondartsev and L. V. Lyubarsky from the Russian Far East
The impacts of forestry on polyporous fungi in boreal forests
Taxonomy and phylogeny of white-rot polypores : case studies in Hymenochaetales and Polyporales (Basidiomycota)
Polypores and associated beetles of the North Karelian Biosphere Reserve, eastern Finland
Wood-rotting Aphyllophorales (Basidiomycetes) on aspen (Populus tremula) in managed and old-groth forests of Kainuu, eastern Finland
The species of Poria described by Peck
Insect assemblage associated with the polypore Fomitopsis pinicola : a comparison across Fennoscandia
Dead wood and polypore diversity in natural post-fire succession forests  and managed stands : lessons for biodiversity management in boreal forests
Incidence of butt rot at final felling and at first thinning of the subsequent rotation of Norway spruce stands in south-western Sweden
Taxonomy and phylogeny of brown-rot fungi in the Antrodia complex (Polyporales, Basidiomycota)
Pathogenomics of the Heterobasidion species : functional analysis of the HaHOG1 MAP kinase
Aspects on the Daedaleopsis Schroet. complex (Polyporacae) in Fennoscandia and Denmark
Tubulicrinopsis gen. nov. (Basidiomycota, Aphyllophorales) and notes on Amauromyces pallidus
CD-kääpäopas : CD guide to the polypores in Finland
Los Políporos (Basidiomycetes) de los Bosques Andino Patagónicos de Argentina = Polypores (Basidiomycetes) from the Patagonian Andes Forests of Argentina
Forest structure and biodiversity in northern boreal forests : effects of regeneration cutting on flying beetles and wood-decomposing fungi
Aphyllophoroid fungi of Sverdlovsk region, Russia : biodiversity, distribution, ecology and the IUCN threat categories
Polypores of the Białowieża forest
A new polypore Irpex cremicolor described from North Europe
New records of Polyporus pseudobetulinus, a rare polypore fungus (Basidiomycota, Aphyllophorales) in Scandinavia, and notes on associated beetles
Conservation of polypore diversity in managed forests of boreal Fennoscandia
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
The occurrence of Heterobasidion annosum (Fr.) Bref. in woody plants in Finland = Juurikäävän (Heterobasidion annosum (Fr.) Bref.) esiintyminen puuvartisilla kasveilla Suomessa
Notes on some rare polypores, found in Russia. 2, Junghuhnia vitellina sp. nova, plus genera Cinereomyces and Skeletocutis
New and in North Europe rare polypore species (Basidiomycota) with annual, monomitic basidiocarps
Rigidoporus crocatus re-collected in Finland plus new records of other rare polypores (Basidiomycetes)
Abstract: 108 species from the Aphyllophorales are reported from 5 localities in Finnmark, Northern Norway. Seventeen species were new to Norway...
Polypore assemblages in boreal old-growth forests, and associated Coleoptera
Polypore species richness and forest habitat characteristics in Pallas-Yllästunturi National Park in Finland : modelling the relationships
Polypore (Basidiomycetes) species richness and community structure in natural boreal forests of NW Russian Karelia and adjacent areas in Finland
Timber : the EC Woodcare Project: studies of the behaviour, interrelationships and management of deathwatch beetles in historic buildings
Spongipellis sibirica, comb. nova (Basidiomycetes), and its affinities to the polypore genera Tyromyces, Aurantioporus and Climacocystis
Some resupinate polypores from the region of the Great Lakes : [no.1]-
Trutovye griby = Polypore fungi : materialy meždunarodnogo kursa po èkologii i taksonomii derevorazrušaûŝih bazidiomicetov v Central'no-Lesnom zapovednike. Učebnoe posobie = materials of the international course on ecology and taxonomy of lignicolous basidiomycetes in the Central Forest reserve
The Polyporaceae of the Middle- Western United States (1915)
