http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5702 chambers of commerce
chambers of commerce
Social media strategy for the German-Finnish Chamber of Commerce
Commercial arbitration in Sweden : a commentary on the Arbitration Act (1999:116) and the rules of the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce
Internationalisation services provided by the Finnish Chambers of Commerce
A service and sales manual for new employees : case: the Finland-Ghana Chamber of Commerce
Towards success by innovative marketing : Case: Junior Chamber International in Kokkola
Guide to penalty and liquidated damages clauses
Collection of ICC arbitral awards 1974 - 1985 = Recueil des sentences arbitrales de la CCI
Good faith and fair dealing in international commercial contracts : particularly in the context of the UNIDROIT-principles
Chambers of commerce : how can a Finnish-Bulgarian Chamber of Commerce be established and run
Fi.logistics
Transnational commercial law : text, cases and materials
The impact of business advocacy at the European Union
Eesti Kaubandus-Tööstuskoja aastaraamat = Annual book of the estonian chamber of commerce and industry
The objective of the thesis was to understand whether the associates of the Italian Chamber of Commerce in Costa Rica are satisfied with the services that the organization provides,  and with the relationship they have with it. The interest on the topic derives from the personal understanding of the researcher of the importance of Customer Satisfaction in the  modern business environment. Further, the researcher's proposal has been positively accepted by the director of the Chamber of Commerce, at the beginning of a five-month  internship. The theoretical framework for this thesis was based on the understanding of services and  their features, taking into account the importance of customers' needs and expectations, in order to be able to measure their satisfaction. Moreover, notions of service quality have been presented as closely related to satisfaction and to customer loyalty. The theories that support the thesis included also the concepts of customers' feedbacks, complaints and service recovery. This theoretical framework has been mainly collected using 'Service Marketing̜' and 'Customer Satisfaction Evaluation' material. In order to carry on an observation of the service users' behaviour, a qualitative research was implemented, in form of interviews, on the basis of the research problems defined at the beginning of this work, which were related to customer satisfaction, fulfilled promises, good relationship and further suggestions to the organization. The data have been collected,  analyzed, interpreted within the time of the internship, and afterwards the drawing of conclusions and recommendations took place. The findings of this study are provided at the end of the work together with conclusions and suggestions for improvement to the Chamber of Commerce. To summarize, it has been  revealed that the service users are generally satisfied with the operate of the Chamber of Commerce, that the staff managed to establish good relationships with the customers and that improvements are needed as regards specific matters, such as the provision of statistical data and privacy.  The recommendations at the end of the work include a list of personal observations of the researcher, on the base of the reported findings and on the personal experience within the Italian Chamber of Commerce during the internship.
Collection of ICC arbitral awards 1986 - 1990 = Recueil des sentences arbitrales de la CCI
The European arbitration group
Document Production in International Commercial Arbitration
Developing marketing and communication : Case Tampere Chamber of Commerce and Industry
Cultural differences between Finnish and Russian businessmen during symposium Kuopio-Saint-Petersburg organized by the Kuopio Chamber of Commerce
Anglo-Finnish year book
ADR in business : practice and issues across countries and cultures
Espoo hitech & business
This is a product-oriented thesis and its goal was to create a user guide that can be used by the employees of the German-Finnish Chamber of Commerce when they work with the applicant management system jobXchange. The German-Finnish Chamber of Commerce is part of the worldwide network of German Chambers of CommerceAbroad and is based in Helsinki, Finland. The user guide is designed to help both older  and newer employees to get familiar with the system and to give guidelines in case questions arise. This user guide is meant to be a concise explanation of everything that needs to be known about jobXchange. The theoretical part of this thesis examines recruitment and the employment cycle. In addition, different sources of recruitment, recruitment policies and the major differences between recruitment in Germany and Finland are explained. Background information about the jobXchange applicant management system is also provided. The user guide consists of several parts. First the Chamber of Commerce is introduced, as well as some background information about jobXchange and what it actually is. Afterwards, the various services of jobXchange are explained in detail and instructions on how they are carried out are provided, both in text and graphical form. In the end recommendations on the promotion of jobXchange are given, as are ways to enhance its presence on the Chamber of Commerce's website. This could be done, for example, by introducing the system to the chamber's member companies and using their social media accounts to reach more potential applicants and companies that might be interested in using jobXchange. In addition, the information regarding jobXchange on the chamber's website should be revised to make it more clear and concise. An employee who is solely responsible for jobXchange should also be hired in order to help improve efficiency.
Oxford handbook of international investment law
ICC guide to export/import : global standards for international trade
UNIDROIT principles of international commercial contracts : their role in arbitration
Headlines : the Finnish American Chamber of Commerce publication
Customer satisfaction evaluation : case: Italian Chamber of Commerce in Costa Rica
Comparative law of international arbitration
A model contract for technology transfer : a new tool from the ICC
Collection of ICC arbitral awards 1991 - 1995 = Recueil des sentences arbitrales de la CCI
International commercial transactions
A jobXchange user guide for the German-Finnish Chamber of Commerce
A guide to the ICC rules of arbitration
fi.logistics
World chamber of commerce directory : 1991.
