http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5703 Heterobasidion
Heterobasidion
Infection by Heterobasidion annosum in fine roots of spruce; use of ELISA for detection and effects on chitinase and peroxidase activity
Incidence of the conidiophores of Fomes annosus (Fr.) Cooke on the logging waste of spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.)
Protection of spruce stumps against Fomes annosus (Fr.) cooke by some wood-inhabiting fungi
Studies on the genetic structure of groups of Scots pine trees resistant and susceptible to Heterobasidion annosum
Terpene analysis and transcript profiling of the conifer response to Heterobasidion annosum s.l. infection and Hylobius abietis feeding
Abstract.
Incidence of butt rot at final felling and at first thinning of the subsequent rotation of Norway spruce stands in south-western Sweden
The resistance of Picea abies Bark to Heterobasidion annosum : roles of stress, structural defence and biochemical resistance
Pathogenomics of the Heterobasidion species : functional analysis of the HaHOG1 MAP kinase
The biocontrol agent phlebiopsis gigantea : efficacy and impacts on the stump bacterial biota and conifer tree defences
Natural antagonists to Heterobasidion annosum
Environmental impact of using Phlebiopsis gigantea in stump treatment against Heterobasidion annosum sensu lato and screening root endophytes to identify other novel control agents
Molecular responses of mycelia to fungus-fungus interactions
Heterobasidion annosum s.l. and wood degradation of Norway spruce (Picea abies) : the effects of sectioning, crown type and wood properties
Avoiding infection of thinning stumps by Heterobasidion annosum
Spore dispersal of Heterobasidion annosum and simulations of the spread of butt rot in Picea abies stands in Finland
The relatedness of the Italian F intersterility group of Heterobasidion annosum with the S group, as revealed by RAPD assay
Pathobiology of Heterobasidion-conifer tree interaction : molecular analysis of antimicrobial peptide genes (Sp-AMPs)
Peniophora gigantea (Fr.) Massee and wounded spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.)
Mitochondrial rDNA sequence evidence for the phylogenetic relatedness in Heterobasidion annosum
Genetic structure of populations of root rot fungi with special emphasis on Heterobasidion annosum
Aerial distribution of the Root-rot fungus Fomes annosus (Fr.) Cooke in Finland
Heterobasidion annosum sensu stricto pathogenesis : bioinformatic and functional study of cerato-platanin family proteins
Heterobasidion root rot in Norway spruce : modelling incidence, control efficacy and economic consequences in Swedish forestry
The biocontrol agent Phlebiopsis gigantea : efficacy of impacts on the stump bacterial biota and conifer tree defences
Towards the molecular analysis of Heterobasidion annosum
Sensitivity of Picea abies to butt rot in pure stands and in mixed stands with Pinus sylvestris in southern Sweden
The occurrence of Heterobasidion annosum (Fr.) Bref. in woody plants in Finland = Juurikäävän (Heterobasidion annosum (Fr.) Bref.) esiintyminen puuvartisilla kasveilla Suomessa
Physiochemical and molecular analysis of the interaction between the conifer pathogen Heterobasidion annosum s.1. and Phlebiopsis gigantea
Genetic variation in F-group isolates of Heterobasidion annosum occurring in Italy
Specific primers for the differentiation of Heterobasidion annosum (s.str.) and H. parviporum infected stumps in northern Europe
Interrelations of Pinus sylvestris seedlings with Heterobasidion annosum and "Mycorrhiza Frank" at the cell level
Inhibition of ATP-ase of Scots pine roots by toxin produced by Heterobasidion annosum
Ecological impacts of Phlebiopsis gigantea biocontrol treatment against Heterobasidion spp. as revealed by fungal community profiling and population analyses
Silvicultural control of Heterobasidion root rot in Norway spruce forests in southern Finland : regeneration and vitality fertilization of infected stands
Pathogenicity of four Heterobasidion annosum isolates and their ATP-ase activity
Monitoring the state of health of Scots pine forests in Byelorussia
Biochemical and ecological aspects of the infection biology of Heterobasidion annosum
In silico genomics of fungal oxidoreductase genes
Peniophora gigantea (Fr.) Massee and wounded spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) 2
Physiological and molecular analysis of the interaction between the conifer pathogen Heterobasidion annosum s.I. and Phlebiopsis gigantea
Tissue responses of thin roots of Scots pine to infection by Heterobasidion annosum
Double-stranded RNA elements in the root rot fungus Heterobasidion annosum
Effects of silvicultural practices on the incidence of root and butt rot in Norway spruce with special emphasis on Heterobasidion annosum
Genetic relatedness among strains of Heterobasidion annosum as detected by random amplified polymorphic DNA markers
Identification of Heterobasidion annosum (Fr.) Bref., a root and butt rot disease of trees by PCR fingerprinting
Intersterility groups of Heterobasidion annosum = Juurikäävän risteytymissuhteet
