http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5705 sound signals
sound signals
Factory Records : the complete graphic album
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 4
How to cheat in Adobe Flash CS5 : the art of design and animation
Revolutionizing children's records : the Young People's Records and Children's Record Guild series, 1946-1977
The classical long playing record : design, production and reproduction : a comprehensive survey
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 6, Our trip around the world = Unsere Reise um die Erde : the Oriental expedition of Beka Records in 1905-1906
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 5
Interactive InDesign CS5 : take your print skills to the web and beyond
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 2
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 3
Finlandia Record's creative force : Jaakko Borg
Great record labels
Vocal signs of feeling as parts of speech
The Zapple diaries : the rise and fall of the last Beatles label
Hearing gestures : vocalisations as embodied projections of intentionality in designing non-speech sounds for communicative functions
Language Learning with Technology is for teachers interested in integrating technology into their classroom practice. The book contains 150 classroom activities for beginner to advanced level learners, incorporating a wide range of up-to-date technologies, such as mobile technologies and social networking. It puts pedagogy first, with the content organised around areas of language learning rather than technology types. Chapters cover language skills and the language areas of grammar, pronunciation and vocabulary, as well as project work and assessment and evaluation.
Airway responsiveness and inflammation in young children with respiratory symptoms
A music lover's guide to record collecting
Label launch : a guide to independent record recording, promotion, and distribution
For the first time, cultural icon and label manager Barry Miles tells the full story of Zapple. It is a story of inspired ideas, set against the backdrop of London's vibrant underground scene and the final years of the battling Beatles and their crumbling Apple empire.
The Beatles on Apple Records : the stories behind the entire Beatles catalog on Apple records - from Hey Jude and The white album through Anthology and Beatles 1
Language learning with technology : ideas for integrating technology in the classroom
Sonic boom : Napster, MP3, and the new pioneers of music
Preoperative assessment of endometrial carcinoma
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 1
Graphical representation of sound trademarks - past, present and future
Sound effects : sounds of music, sirens, and special effects
Sounds as trade marks - conditions and scope of protection
Southbound : an illustrated history of southern rock
Sound source separation in monaural music signals
Urban archaeology : twenty-one years of Mo' Wax
