http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5707 societal systems
societal systems
Consensus, cooperation and conflict : the policy making process in Denmark
Government in the future
The press and multiparty politics in Africa
"Comparative constitutional law is an intellectually vibrant field that encompasses an increasingly broad array of approaches and methodologies. This series collects analytically innovative and empirically grounded work from scholars of comparative constitutionalism across academic disciplines. Books in the series include theoretically informed studies of single constitutional jurisdictions, comparative studies of constitutional law and institutions, and edited collections of original essays that respond to challenging theoretical and empirical questions in the field"--
Enhancing the usability and availability of information infrastructure essential for securing the vital functions of society : final report
The decline and fall of the Soviet Empire : forty years that shook the world, from Stalin to Yeltsin
Six keys to the Soviet system
Negotiating futures - states, societies and the world : proceedings of the International Conference Riga, November 11-14, 2004 = Uzrunājot nākotni - valstis, sabiedrības un pasauli : starptautiskās konferences zinojumi Rīga, 2004. gada 11.-14. novembris
The demise of the Soviet Communist Party
Surveyors of customs : American literature as cultural analysis
Participatory mapping and geographical patterns of the social landscape values of rural communities in Zanzibar, Tanzania
The second curve : thoughts on reinventing society
Passages from antiquity to feudalism
The first decade and after : Albania's democratic transition and consolidation in the context od Southeast Europe
War memory and the making of modern Malaysia and Singapore
Soviet attitudes toward authority
Information technology incidents in the present information society:viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
Politics and society in Scotland
Television regulation and media policy in China
Geographical information systems and science
The political economy of state-society relations in Hungary and Poland : from communism to the European Union
Following Marx : method, critique and crisis
Communities in European history : representations, jurisdictions, conflicts
Connections : local and global aspects of arctic social systems, ICASS V: keynotes presented at the Fourth International Congress of Artic Social Science, May 19-23, 2004, University of Alaska Fairbanks, Fairbanks, Alaska, USA
The social structure of socialist society - the Polish interpretation
Post-marxist alternatives : the construction of social orders
An idea of Europe
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
The world : a beginner's guide
The political systems of empires
Fat Sasha and the urban Guerilla : protest and conformism in the Soviet Union
Change and continuity
The state in socialist society
The memoirs of a survivor
The Soviet regime : communism in practice
The United Kingdom today : a survey of British institutions
Dichotomies of the mind : a systems science model of the mind and personality
An introduction to Japanese society
British political facts 1900-1960
Ideological conflicts in modern China : democracy and authoritarianism
American politics and society
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
The thaw generation : coming of age in the post-Stalin era
The Oxford handbook of the Ancien Régime
The end of history and the last man
Interpreting Japanese society : anthropological approaches
The path not taken : French industrialization in the age of revolution, 1750-1830
Nonzero : the logic of human destiny
Ideology and revolution in Southeast Asia, 1900-1980 : political ideas of the anti-colonial era
The sources of social power. Vol. 1, A history of power from the beginning to AD 1760
The Breakdown of democratic regimes
The social system
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
Life and words : violence and the descent into the ordinary
Taiwan : Nation-state or province
Courtiers and warriors : comparative historical perspectives on ruling authority and civilization
The idea of socialism has given normative grounding and orientation to the outrage over capitalism for more than 150 years, and yet today it seems to have lost much of its appeal. Despite growing discontent, many would hesitate to invoke socialism when it comes to envisioning life beyond capitalism. How can we explain the rapid decline of this once powerful idea? And what must we do to renew it for the twenty-first century? In this lucid political-philosophical essay, Axel Honneth argues that the idea of socialism has lost its luster because its theoretical assumptions stem from the industrial era and are no longer convincing in our contemporary post-industrial societies. Only if we manage to replace these assumptions with a concept of history and society that corresponds to our current experiences will we be able to restore confidence in a project whose fundamental idea remains as relevant today as it was a century ago D the idea of an economy that realizes freedom in solidarity. The Idea of Socialism was awarded the Bruno-Kreisky-Prize for the Political Book of 2015.
Leadership and society : power, politics and the rulers of history
The civilizing process. Vol. 2, State formation and civilization
The system of modern societies
Theory of society : cultural memory in the present: volume 1
The last of the Incas : the rise and fall of an American empire
Islam and secularism in Turkey : Kemalism, religion and the nation state
Revolution 1989 : the fall of the Soviet empire
Systematic approaches to comparative politics
Comrades and strangers
Post-communism and the media in Eastern Europe
Since the late 1990s, there has been a crucial and substantial transformation in China's television system involving institutional, structural and regulatory changes. Unraveling the implications of these changes is vital for understanding the politics of Chinese media policy-making and regulation, and thus a comprehensive study of this history has never been more essential. This book studies the transformation of the policy and regulation of the Chinese television sector within a national political and economic context from 1996 to the present day. Taking a historical and sociological approach, it engages in the theoretical debates over the nature of the transformation of media in the authoritarian Chinese state; the implications of the ruling party's political legitimacy and China's central-local conflicts upon television policy-making and market structure; and the nature of the media modernisation process in a developing country. Its case studies include broadcasting systems in Shanghai and Guangdong, which demonstrate that varied policies and development strategies have been adopted by television stations, reflecting different local circumstances and needs. Arguing that rather than being a homogenous entity, China has demonstrated the substantial local diversity and complex interactions between local, national and global media, this book will be of interest to students and scholars of Chinese media, politics and policy, and international communications.
Democracy in Latin America, 1760-1900.. 1, Civic selfhood and public life in Mexico and Peru
Ethiopia in change : peasantry, nationalism and democracy
Culture, structure, or choice? : essays in the interpretation of the British experience
The origins of political order : from prehuman times to the French revolution
The socio-economic position of the workers in associated labour
Sandstorm : Libya in the time of revolution
American life and institutions
A history of Soviet Russia, The Bolshevik revolution 1917-1923
The political institutions of Switzerland
Catastrophe : what went wrong in Zimbabwe?
American democracy in theory and practice : national, state, and local government
Germany : beyond the stable state
People attach commonly approved social values subjectively to landscape. These values vary spatially and can be studied in geographical context. In sustainable management of cultural landscapes, social values should be taken into account as professionally as the analysis of physical landscape features. This case study applies participatory and GIS techniques in the mapping and geographical analysis of social landscape values in a multifunctional cultural landscape in Zanzibar island, Tanzania. Social landscape data were collected with single-informant interviews using participatory GIS (PGIS) techniques. Four different social landscape values (subsistence, traditional, aesthetic and leisure) were mapped on an orthophotoimage individually by 149 informants. Data were spatially and statistically analysed to construct understanding of the community level patterns of the social landscape values. Results show geographical differences between individually and collectively held values in their distribution and clustering across the landscape. These patterns reflect local culture and its interpretation of different social landscape values. Results address the importance of local stakeholder participation when spatial planning and management of multifunctional cultural landscapes are realized. The paper discusses these management implication and methodological challenges of using participatory GIS techniques in studying cultural landscapes.
Contemporary British society
The sane society
Russia's economic transitions : from late tsarism to the new millennium
Understanding Soviet society
Introduction to macrosociology
Comparative politics of the Middle East : an introduction
Competences for democratic culture : living together as equals in culturally diverse democratic societies
Man, state, and society in the Soviet Union
The green book
De Valera : Long Fellow, long shadow
Marxism today : essays on capitalism, socialism, and strategies for social change
Antifragile : things that gain from disorder
China : a second look
POLITICAL SYSTEMS OF THE WORLD
Politics
The post-communist era : change and continuity in eastern Europe
The Soviet political system
State of the state in Latvia
1989 : the struggle to create post-Cold War Europe
The search for modern China
All that is solid melts into air
Information bulletin
Cities and disasters
The permanent purge : politics in Soviet totalitarianism
A handbook of Greek constitutional history
The idea of socialism
The patterns of the present : interpreting the authority of form
Terror and progress USSR : some sources of change and stability in the Soviet dictatorship
The Darfur Sultanate : a history
African political systems
The HarperCollins dictionary of American government and politics
Information technology incidents in the present information society : viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
The division of power between men and women in different societies
The Gorbachev phenomenon : a historical interpretation
Saudi Arabia today : an introduction to the richest oil power
Some comments on Islamic welfare : the case of the Wahhabi state
Arctic human development report : regional processes and global linkages
Changing inequalities in rich countries : analytical and comparative perspectives
China changes face : the road from revolution 1949-1989
Political systems of the world
Utopia : the search for the ideal society in the Western World
Terror and progress - USSR : some sources of change and stability in the Soviet dictatorship
The American political process
Modern Britain : an introduction
Society and civilization in Greece and Rome
Japanese welfare society : analysing the Japanese welfare discourses
Understanding Somalia and Somaliland : culture, history, society
Politics and society in the USSR
Economic and social organization of a complex chiefdom : the Halelea District, Kaua'i, Hawaii
What does it mean to follow Marx? In this examination of Marx's methodology combined with specific applications on topics in political economy such as Neo-Ricardian theory, Analytical Marxism, the falling rate of profit, crisis theory, monopoly capital, Paul Sweezy, advertising and the capitalist state, this volume argues that the failure to understand (or explicit rejection of) Marx's method has led astray many who consider themselves Marxists. By focusing particularly upon the concept of a totality and the necessary form of appearance of capital as many capitals in competition, Following Marx both demonstrates why Marx insisted that 'in competition everything is reversed' and provides a guide for following Marx.
The Baltics of the early 1990s : between democracy and authoritarianism
Authoritarian Russia : analyzing post-Soviet regime changes
"This volume explores the form and function of constitutions in countries without the fully articulated institutions of limited government"--
Understanding politics in Hungary
The Chinese model : a political, economic and social survey
Power and politics in Africa
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
After the fall of the wall : life courses in the transformation of East Germany
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
The rise of the vice presidency
Understanding Japanese society
Justice with understanding : Rawlsian procedures and responsible persons
Essentials of American democracy
Putinism : Russia and its future with the West
The quest for constitutionalism in Africa : selected essays on constitutionalism, the nationality problem, military rule and party politics
Music and the bourgeois, music and the proletarian
The transformation of politics : governing in the age of complex societies
Changing Russia? : history, culture and business
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
Kim Il-song's North Korea
Why they behave like Russians
The sociological study of South Africa : an introduction
Business brief: Britain
Future perfect : the case for progress in a networked age
Politics and government : how people decide their fate
Human Technology will move to a new physical location in January 2017—the Open Science Center of the University of Jyväskylä, due to university restructuring—yet the University remains the ultimate publisher. For Human Technology, change is inherent; indeed this is reflected in the research published in each issue. The present issue comprises five articles that demonstrate the ongoing integration of technology in most aspects of human living.
North Korea undercover : inside the world's most secret state
Work, sex and power : the forces that shaped our history
Indigenous migration and social change : the forasteros of Cuzco, 1570-1720
Understanding politics in Belarus
Prosessijohtamisen käsitteet = Terms and concepts in business process management
Pakistan : in the shadow of jihad and Afghanistan
"Graeme Gill shows why post-Soviet Russia has failed to achieve the democratic outcome widely expected at the time of the fall of the Soviet Union, instead emerging as an authoritarian polity. He argues that the decisions of dominant elites have been central to the construction of an authoritarian polity, and explains how this occurred in four areas of regime-building: the relationship with the populace, the manipulation of the electoral system, the internal structure of the regime itself, and the way the political elite has been stabilised. Instead of the common 'Yeltsin is a democrat, Putin an autocrat' paradigm, this book shows how Putin built upon the foundations that Yeltsin had laid. It offers a new framework for the study of an authoritarian political system, and is therefore relevant not just to Russia but to many other authoritarian polities"--
Nothing is true and everything is possible : adventures in modern Russia
The industrial society : three essays on ideology and development
Capitalism, socialism and democracy
Constitutions in authoritarian regimes
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Building an authoritarian polity : Russia in post-Soviet times
Democracy in America
Social theory in archaeology and ancient history : the present and future of counternarratives
Alternatives to capitalism : proposals for a democratic economy
Red star over Malaya : resistance and social conflict during and after the Japanese occupation of Malaya, 1941-46
The structure of society and its changes in the African countries
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
Cultural revolution and industrial organization in China : changes in management and the division of labor
The world until yesterday : what can we learn from traditional societies?
Mememory and identity : personal reflections
Society and democracy in Germany
Tribal politics in Iran : rural conflict and the new state, 1921-1941
Tour of duty : samurai, military service in Edo, and the culture of early modern Japan
British political facts 1900-1967
A dictionary of British institutions : a student's guide
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Socialism vanquished, socialism challenged : Eastern Europe and China, 1989-2009
The politics of poverty reduction
The cultural crisis of modern medicine
Orders and hierarchies in late medieval and renaissance Europe
The agrarian, the industrial, and the information society
Problems of mininations : Baltic perspectives
British civilization : an introduction
International unsociety of states: Philip Allott in the context of cosmopolitan legal thinking
