http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5706 alarms
alarms alerts
This thesis is targeting to develop and engineer a burglar alarm system prototype using the software and hardware environment Arduino, which is originally manufactured by Smart Projects. The system under development provides a versatile theft inhibition hardware configuration for the holder of the system. It also provides vehicle localization enabling features in case of theft. In the final project, the aim is not to reach commercial benefit. The aim is to get familiar with software libraries and information offered by Arduino environment, GPS utilizing standard NMEA0183 and SIM900 with AT commands. This project examines burglar alarm system engineering from a commercially neutral point of view. Most of the sources have been published by companies, but without these essential resources it would be extremely complicated to engineer the software. In process of this final project, the functional requirements and hardware are defined. Then the embedded software is implemented. Finally, the achievements are explored and the final outcome is discussed. With the available resources for the project, it was feasible to create a project plan. The project plan describes how the burglar alarm system should work. A partial software was engineered and it was ready to use few AT commands. Also, the hardware design was put together. The GSM/GPRS Quadband module was assembled into the Arduino Mega 2560, and an anti-theft immobilizer relay was soldered into a circuit board. The PIR-sensor was acquired and connected to the Arduino Mega 2560.
The distant present
Why alarms fail : a cognitive explanatory model
Market opportunities for Profile Vehicles Oy in the St.Petersburg ambulance market
Towards reliable and intelligent alarms by using median filters
APROS model validation in case of fast transients in a boiling water reactor
Abstract: Market opportunities for Profile Vehicles Oy in the St.Petersburg ambulance market.
Introduction to emergency management
Mobility, technology and ageing in Central Europe
Detecting and reacting to in-hospital patient deterioration : studies on the afferent and efferent limbs of the Rapid Response System
Emergency vehicles
Alarm based root cause diagnostics
The rhetoric of national emergency: 9/11 versus Weimar Republic
Private security
In an emergency
Collision Detection and Alarm System For a Forklift
Fire Engine
Readings in security management : principles and practices
Technologies of inSecurity : the surveillance of everyday life
Handbook of warnings
The hyperspectral and smartphone technology in CBRNE countermeasures and defence
Quality requirements for warning flashers and lanterns
Emergency response planning : for corporate and municipal managers
Newnes electronic security systems pocket book
Cold War : building for nuclear confrontation, 1946-1989
The effect of battery type and ambient temperature on the operation of warning flashers
Electronic security systems : a manager's guide to evaluating and selecting system solutions
Mobile object bus interaction : designing future emergency vehicles : samples of evidence series : volume 3
Proceedings of the Second European Conference on policy related to Telematics and Disability
Photometric characteristics of flashing light signals : a preliminary investigation
Environmental health in emergencies and disasters : a practical guide
Effective operator display design : Asm consortium guideline
Abstract: Wireless alarm system implemented by programmable logic controller (PLC).
Model course 1.29 : proficiency in crisis management and human behaviour training including passenger safety, cargo safety and hull integrity training
Democracy and discipline : speeches of Shrimati Indira Gandhi
Car Alarm System Engineered In Arduino Environment
Network intrusion detection and response : case: Car model web application
Development of accelerometry-based fall detection : from laboratory environment to real life
Guidelines for assessment of software in microcomputer controlled equipment in surveillance and alarm systems
Wild about emergency vehicles
Intelligent video surveillance : systems and technology
My little book of rescue vehicles
Data collection and analysis of evacuation situations
Alarm management for process control : a best-practice guide for design, implementation, and use of industrial alarm systems
Dreamcatcher
The design and evaluation of physical protection systems
Protection of assets : physical security
Glass source book
Human factors in auditory warnings
The world encyclopedia of fire engines & firefighting : fire and rescue - an illustrated guide to fire trucks around the world, with 700 pictures of modern and historical appliances
Car alarm system engineered in Arduino environment
While the need to build the Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) based on a distributed and cooperative paradigm is being generally acknowledged, the field has been disconnected from the recent advances in the multi-agent research, most notably the field of trust modelling. The purpose of this thesis is to review recent implementations of IDS systems and present them from an agent research perspective. The aim is also to identify the opportunities where the agent approaches can be successfully used. Agent techniques can make the IDS more adaptive, scalable and reliable while increasing their autonomy and reducing the maintenance requirements. Besides trust modelling, the distributed decision-making and planning techniques can be used to shorten the detection-response loop, making the system more robust while facing worm attacks. An intrusion detection and response system plays an important role in a firm's overall security protection. Its main purpose is to identify potentially intrusive events and alert the security personnel of the danger. A typical intrusion detection system, however, is known to be imperfect in detection of intrusive events, resulting in high false-alarm rates. Nevertheless, current intrusion detection models unreasonably assume that upon alerts raised by a system, an information security officer responds to all alarms without any delay and avoids damages of hostile activities. This assumption of responding to all alarms with no time lag is often impracticable. As a result, the benefit of an intrusion detection system can be overestimated by current intrusion detection models. This thesis extends and includes an information security officer's alarm inspection under a constraint as a part of the process in determining the optimal intrusion detection policy, the worthiness of Hybrid Intrusion Detection Systems considered in both network and host-based scenario. Given a potentially hostile environment for a firm, in which the intrusion rates and costs associated with intrusion and security officers' inspection can be estimated, a framework is outlined to establish the optimal operating points for intrusion detection systems under security officers' inspection constraint. The optimal solution to the model will provide not only a basis of better evaluation of intrusion detection systems but also useful insights into operations of intrusion detection systems. The firm can estimate expected benefits for running a hybrid intrusion detection systems and establish a basis for increase in security personnel to relax security officers' inspection constraint.
Utilization of mobile alerting system : understanding factors that influence user acceptance
Facility manager̕ s guide to security : protecting your assets
"From the Physical Security stand point; we are the gate keepers. We are the protectors of the organization from all threats; regardless if they are malicious, internal or environmental. We need to be ever vigilant and confident that the work we are doing will be regarded as a necessary operational function for the overall security and the protection of the asset; to include - employees, information and property. Protection of these three things is the cornerstone of our profession"--
"The Complete Guide to Physical Security gives readers a comprehensive understanding of modern-day physical security best practices. Employing both theory-based and real-world approaches, it examines general business principles as they relate to security. The book goes beyond the concepts of the three G's (guns, gates and guards) and instead explains the importance of physical security to accomplish the overall mission of the organization. The book enables security managers to develop a program that utilizes all security personnel's talents, emphasizing that the security team must work synergistically with all facets of the organization for the ultimate in protection and success"--
Code on alerts and indicators, 2009.
Performance analysis of cognitive radio networks and radio resource allocation
Convention on Early Notification of a Nuclear Accident and Convention on Assistance in the Case of a Nuclear Accident or Radiological Emergency
The performance of smoke detectors in computer rooms
The complete guide to physical security
Conspicuity of beacons for emergency vehicles
