http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5714 prehistoric graves
prehistoric graves
Afghanistan : hidden treasures from the National Museum, Kabul
Netta : a Balt cemetery in Northeastern Poland
Poetovio, zahodna grobišča = Poetovio, the Western cemeteries. 1, Grobne celote iz Deželnega muzeja Joanneuma v Gradcu = Grave-Groups in the Landesmuseum Joanneum, Graz
The pyramids of Egypt
Landscapes of gender, age and cosmology : burial perceptions in Viking Age Iceland
The origin and function of the earthen long barrows of Northern Europe
The exotic and impressive grave goods from burials of the Wessex Culture in Early Bronze Age Britain are well known and have inspired influential social and economic hypotheses, invoking the former existence of chiefs, warriors and merchants and high-ranking pastoralists. Alternative theories have sought to explain how display of such objects was related to religious and ritual activity rather than to economic status, and that groups of artefacts found in certain graves may have belonged to religious specialists. This volume is the result of a major research project that aimed to investigate Chalcolithic and Early Bronze Age grave goods in relation to their possible use as special dress accessories or as equipment employed within ritual activities and ceremonies. Many items of adornment can be shown to have formed elements of elaborate costumes, probably worn by individuals, both male and female, who held important ritual roles within society. Furthermore, the analysis has shown that various categories of object long interpreted as mundane types of tool were in fact items of bodily adornment or implements used in ritual contexts, or in the special embellishment of the human body.
The tomb of Tutankhamen : with 17 colour plates and 65 monochrome illustrations and two appendices
Interdisciplinary Panel 2.2 : "The Guodian no. 1 Chu tomb, Jingmen, Hubei, 1993"
Naga-Ed-Dêr. Part 4, The predynastic cemetery N 7000
The tomb of Iouiya and Touiyou : with The Funeral papyrus of Iouiya
The treasures of Tutankhamun
A Gazetteer of Early Anglo-Saxon Burial Sites
The archaeology of wings : birds and people in the Baltic Sea region during the Stone Age
The terracotta warriors : the secret codes of the emperor's army
Luristan excavation documents. Vol. 3, Djub-i Gauhar and Gul Khanan Murdah : Iron Age III graveyards in the Aivan plain
Chinese tomb figurines
Early Rome. 1, Stratigraphical researches in the Forum Romanum and  along the Sacra Via
Saqqara : the royal cemetery of Memphis : excavations and discoveries since 1850
The Valley of the Kings : Egypt classical art tours
Khuzhir-Nuge XIV : a Middle Holocene hunter-gatherer cemetery on Lake Baikal, Siberia : osteological materials
The Akhenaten Temple Project. Volume 4, The tomb of Reʻa (TT 201)
Mound builders & cliff dwellers
The prehistoric chamber tombs of England and Wales
Treasures of the Baltic sea : stones and rocks : discover exciting natural secrets
Ancient lives : eight mummies, eight stories
Ritual in Early Bronze Age grave goods : an examination of ritual and dress equipment from Chalcolithic and Early Bronze Age graves in England
Survey of rock-cut chamber-tombs in Caria. Part 2, Central Caria
Stone vessels, pottery and sealings from the tomb of Tut'ankhamūn
Early Medieval mortuary practices
The tomb of Thoutmôsis IV
The first farmers of Central Europe: diversity in LBK lifeways
Map of bones : a Sigma Force novel
Decoration in Egyptian tombs of the Old Kingdom : studies in orientation and scene content
The Argolid at the transition to the Mycenaean Age : studies in the chronology and cultural development in the Shaft Grave period
Art, death and social order : the mortuary arts of pre-Conquest Central Panama
The cremation cemeteries under flat ground : a representative of what?
Tutankhamun : the eternal splendour of the boy pharaoh
Ägypten und Levante = Egypt and the Levant. 4
The Axe Age : a study in British prehistory
Dover : the Buckland Anglo-Saxon cemetery
Excavations at Ursel (East Flanders) 1985-1986 : prehistoric occupation and Roman settlement
Criteria for dating prehistoric graves
The eternal army : the terracotta soldiers of the first Chinese emperor
Tombs & treasures
Excavating the afterlife : the archaeology of early Chinese religion
The monumental cemeteries of prehistoric Europe
The Memphite tomb of Ḥoremḥeb, commander-in-chief of Tutʻankhamūn. 2, a catalogue of the finds
The early iron age cemetery at Korvala in Sauvo, South-West Finland
The female pharaoh Hatshepsut reigned for nearly twenty years during Egypt's early New Kingdom in the fifteenth century B.C. First acting as regent for her young nephew/stepson Thutmose III, she in time assumed the title of king and exercised the full powers of the throne as senior co-ruler. In accordance with Egyptian tradition, Hatshepsut was often depicted as a male king. After her death, however, monuments bearing her image were ruthlessly defaced, and her name was erased from historical accounts. Hatshepsut's rise to power and the nature of her kingship have long been debated by scholars. This fascinating period, one of immense artistic creativity, is illuminated by this volume's rich presentation of monumental royal sculpture and reliefs, ceremonial objects, exquisite personal items for everyday use, and dazzling jewelry. Essays focus on influences from the neighboring Near East, Nubia, and the Aegean; the innovative architecture built by Hatshepsut; powerful figures in the royal court during her reign; archaeological finds from this period; and mysteries surrounding the destruction of Hatshepsut's statues and the obliteration of her name. The first in-depth treatment of the subject, Daughter of Re is an important investigation into the impact of Hatshepsut's reign on the history, culture, and artistic output of Egypt. --Publisher description.
Archaeological conservation and its consequences : preprints of the contributions to the Copenhagen congress, 26-30 August, 1996
Bagor and Tilwara : late mesolithic cultures of northwest India. Volume 1, The human skeletal remains
The early dynastic cemeteries of Naga-Ed-Dêr. Part 2
Social aspects of funerary culture in the Egyptian Old and Middle Kingdoms : proceedings of the international symposium held at Leiden University 6-7 June, 1996
Individual and Individuality? : approaches towards an archaeology of personhood in the First Millennium AD
Zvejnieki (Northern Latvia) : Stone Age cemetery
The Roman settlement and cemetery at Asper (Gavere, East Flanders)
The Teti cemetery at Saqqara. Volume 3, The tombs of Neferseshemre and Seankhuiptah
The rock tombs of Meir. Part 6, The tomb-chapels of Ukhhotpe son of Iam (A, No. 3) Senbi son of Ukhhotpe son of Senbi (B, No. 3), and Ukhhotpe son of Ukhhotpe and Heny-Hery-Ib (C, No. 1)
Luristan excavation documents. Vol. 6, Bani Surmah : an early Bronze Age graveyard in Pusht-i Kuh, Luristan
The archæological survey of Nubia : report for 1907-1908.. Volume 1, Archæological report : volume of plates accompanying
Early prehistoric burials in Cyprus
Ősi halotti maszkok : a honfoglaló magyarság keleti eredetű halottas szokása ; [időszaki kiállítás Magyar Nemzeti Múzeum 2013. június 22 - 2013. szeptember 15.] = Ancient burial masks : Hungarian burial tradition of Eastern origin ; [temporary exhibition Hungarian National Museum]
Nowinka : site 1, the cemetery from the Late Migration Period in the northern Poland
The Tarim mummies : ancient China and the mystery of the earliest peoples from the West
Luristan excavation documents. Vol. 4, The Early Iron Age in the Pusht-i Kuh, Luristan
The search for immortality : tomb treasures of Han China
The rediscovery of Kaya in history and archaeology
The northwest necropolis of Satricum : an Iron Age cemetery in Latium Vetus
Wadi Qitna and Kalabsha-South : late Roman - early Byzantine tumuli cemeteries in Egyptian Nubia. Vol. 1, Archaeology
Man and his double : in Egyptian ideology of the Old Kingdom
Archaeology of the Cañada de Cuicatlán, Oaxaca
Problems of research related to cremation cemeteries in Häme
Societies of the past : approaches to landscape, burial customs and grave goods
The archæological survey of Nubia : report for 1908-1909.. Volume 1, part 1 ; Report on the work of the season, 1908-1909, part 2 ; Catalogue of graves and their contents
The early dynastic cemeteries of Naga-Ed-Dêr. Part 1
Mummy-cases and inscribed funerary cones : in the Petrie collection
Scythian art : the legacy of the scythian world : mid-7th to 3rd century B.C
Luristan excavation documents. Vol. 2, Chamahzi Mumah : an Iron Age III graveyard
Burial in early medieval England and Wales
The Teti cemetery at Saqqara. Volume 5, The tomb of Hesi
British barrows : a record of the examination of sepulchral mounds in various parts of England
The necropolis of Cyrene : two hundred years of exploration
Life in paradise : the noble tombs of Thebes
The Southwest necropolis of Satricum : excavations 1981-1986
Naga-Ed-Dêr. Part 3, A provincial cemetery of the pyramid age
Mummy mysteries : the secret world of Tutankhamun and the pharaohs
The archæological survey of Nubia : report for 1908-1909.. Volume 2, Plates and plans accompanying volume 1
The tomb of Nakht : the art and history of an eighteenth dynastie offical's tomb at Western Thebes
Earthly remains : the history and science of preserved human bodies
Zvonimirovo - Veliko polje. 1, Groblje latenske kulture = A cemetery of the La Tène culture
Stay where you have been put! : the use of spears as coffin nails in late iron age Finland
Excavations at Satricum (Borgo Le Ferriere) 1907-1910 : northwest necropolis, southwest sanctuary and acropolis
The archaeology of cremation : burned human remains in funerary studies
Emperor Qin Shihuang's eternal terra-cotta warriors and horses : a mighty and valiant underground army over 2200 years back
A private place : death in prehistoric Greece
The Oxford history of ancient Egypt
The Iron Age cemetery of Magdalenska gora in Slovenia
New Grange (Brugh na Boinne) and other incised tumuli in Ireland : the influence of Crete and the Aegean in the extreme west of Europe in early times
A journey through ancient China : from the neolithic to the ming
The archæological survey of Nubia : report for 1907-1908.. Plates accompanying volume 2.
The royal tombs of the earliest dynasties 1901.. Part 2, Extra plates
An archaeological analysis of the Broadbeach aboriginal burial ground
The archæological survey of Nubia : report for 1909-1910
The third gate : a novel
KV 5 : a preliminary report on the excavation of the tomb of the sons of Ramses II in the Valley of the Kings
Vergina : the royal tombs and the ancient city
The grave as a doorway to the other world : architectural religious symbolism in Iron Age graves in Scandinavia
Barkær : Long Barrows and settlements
The Qin terracotta army : treasures of Lintong
Tutankhamun : the last journey
Zawiyet el-Aryan : the cemeteries adjacent to the layer pyramid
Hatshepsut : from queen to Pharaoh
Recent excavations in Anglo-Saxon cemeteries in Cambridgeshire & Suffolk
Mastabas of the Western Cemetery. Part 1, Sekhemka (G 1029); Tjetu I (G 2002); Iasen (G 2196); Penmeru (G 2197); Hagy, Nefertjenet, and Herunefer (G 2352/53); Djaty, Tjetu II, and Nimesti (G 2337X, 2343, 2366)
Obrządek pogrzebowy kultur pochodzenia naddunajskiego w neolicie Polski południowo-wschodniej (5600/5500-2900BC) = Funerary rite of the Danubian cultures in the Neolithic of southeastern Poland (5600/5500-2900BC)
Luistari. 2, The artefacts
The Samhan period in Korean history
Weapons, weaponry and man : (in memoriam Vytautas Kazakevičius)
Tutankhamun : and the golden age of the pharaohs
The Teti cemetery at Saqqara. Vol. 8, The tomb of Inumin
Ancient Egyptian figured ostraca : in the Petrie collection
People, ideas and goods : new perspectives on 'Celtic barbarians' in Western and Central Europe (500-250 BC)
Excavations at Cush, Co. Limerick
Bruc ealles well : archaeological essays concerning the peoples of North-West Europe in the first millennium AD
The chambered tombs of Scotland. 1
Tutankhamun's treasure
Lost Ramessid and post-Ramessid private tombs in the Theban necropolis
Tutankhamun : his tomb and its treasures
Anglo-Saxon graves and grave goods of the 6th and 7th centuries AD : a chronological framework
On a Late-Celtic urn-field at Aylesford, Kent
The human remains from the tomb of Tut'ankhamūn
Luristan excavation documents. Vol. 7, The Kalleh Nisar Bronze Age graveyard in Pusht-i Kuh, Luristan
Diversity of Mesolithic Vedbæk
Luristan excavation documents. Vol. 8, Early bronze Age graveyards to the west of the Kabir Kuh (Pusht-i Kuh, Luristan)
Death and dying in the Neolithic Near East
During the last twenty years, the category 'grave' has been the subject of increasing debate in Swedish archaeology. It has been recognized that monuments commonly regarded as graves are sometimes also found in cultic contexts other than those associated with death and burial. In many cases, for instance, monuments similar to graves have been erected at cult sites, and seem to have been used in sacrificial practices rather than for burials. According to archaeological, textual and onomastic sources, it was common practice in Old Norse religion to suspend sacrificial victims from trees of from upraised posts, or to deposit offerings at the base of sacred rocks and boulders. In all these cases, the trees, posts and boulders seem to be representation of the World Axis, depicted in cosmological myths as a Cosmic Tree, Pillar or Mountain. I argue that these various representations of the World Axis are also incorporated in the architectonic symbolism of several forms of grave monuments in pre-Christian Scandinavia. The architectonic shape of these monuments could thus be used in several different contexts, since they represented a 'Cosmic Center' and a 'doorway' to the Other World.
Forty Years' researches in British and Saxon Burial Mounds of East Yorkshire
This first volume contains a prosopographical register of the queens of Egypt from Dynasties I-VI and concentrates on providing an evidence-based assessment of the Egyptian queen within an historical setting. The temporal position of each woman, the monuments and titles she possessed, her familial links and any relevant iconography available are presented.
A Scanian grave find from the Vendel time
Life and death in the bronze age : an archeologist's field-work
The Senedjemib Complex. Part 1, The mastabas of Senedjemib Inti (G 2370), Khnumenti (S 2374), and Senedjemib Mehi (g 2378)
Roman cemeteries of Aquincum, Pannonia : the western cemetery (Bécsi road) I
China in the early bronze age : Shang civilization
The Sutton Hoo Ship-Burial
Akhenaten and Tutankhamun : revolution and restoration
Don̂a Toponica : Dardanska i slovenska nekropola = Donja Toponica : Dardanian and Slavic necropolis
The rock tombs of Meir. Part 5, The tomb-chapels A, No. 1 (that of Ni-'ankh-Pepi the Black) A, No. 2 (that Pepi'onkh with the 'Good name' of Henry the Black), A, No. 4 (that of Hepi the Black), D, No. 1 (that of Pepi), and E, Nos. 1-4 (those of Meniu, Nenki, Pepi'onkh and Tjetu)
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Histories of the dead : building chronologies for five southern British long barrows
Corpus of Cypriote antiquities. 21, Eight Middle Bronze Age tomb groups from Dhenia in the University of New England Museum of Antiquities
Discovery! : unearthing the new treasures of archaeology
The rock tombs of Meir. Vol. 1, The tomb-chapel of Ukh-Hotp's son Senbi
Death embodied : archaeological approaches to the treatment of the corpse
The Teti cemetery at Saqqara. Volume 7, The tombs of Shepsipuptah, Mereri (Merinebti), Hefi and others
The Teti cemetery at Saqqara. Volume 6, The tomb of Nikauisesi
Lo-Lang : a report on the excavation of Wang Hsü's tomb in the "Lo-Lang" Province
Mortuary landscapes of North Africa
A methodological study of grave gifts as sex-indicators in Iron Age burials from Athens
Early Rome. 2, The tombs
The archæological survey of Nubia : report for 1907-1908.. Plates and plans accompanying volume 1.
In Hathor's image. I, The wives and mothers of Egyptian kings from Dynasties I-VI
Reuse in Finnish cremation cemeteries under level ground : examples of collective memory
The mound builders
The Valley of the Kings : Fragments d'un manuscrit inachevé
The broken people : deconstruction of personhood in iron age Finland
The ancient Egyptian books of the earth
In the tomb of Nefertari : conservation of the wall paintings
Lo-Lang : a report on the excavation of Wang Hsü's tomb in the "Lo-Lang" province an ancient Chinese colony in Korea
