http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5726 greenhouse effect
greenhouse effect
National allocation plans in the EU emissions trading scheme : lessons and implications for phase II
The greenhouse effect and terrestrial ecosystems of the UK
Global warming : the complete briefing
Ultraviolet reflections : life under a thinning ozone layer
Assisted migration to address climate change in British Columbia ; recommendations for Interim seed transfer standards
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Windfall : the booming business of global warming
The challenge of climate change : which way now?
"Global warming is arguably the defining scientific issue of modern times, but it is not widely appreciated that the foundations of our understanding were laid almost two centuries ago with the postulation of a greenhouse effect by Fourier in 1827. The sensitivity of climate to changes in atmospheric CO2 was first estimated about one century ago, and the rise in atmospheric CO2 concentration was discovered half a century ago. The fundamentals of the science underlying the forecast for human-induced climate change were being published and debated long before the issue rose to public prominence in the last few decades. The Warming Papers is a compendium of the classic scientific papers that constitute the foundation of the global warming forecast. The paper trail ranges from Fourier and Arrhenius in the 19th Century to Manabe and Hansen in modern times. Archer and Pierrehumbert provide introductions and commentary which places the papers in their context and provide students with tools to develop and extend their understanding of the subject. The book capture the excitement and the uncertainty that always exist at the cutting edge of research, and is invaluable reading for students of climate science, scientists, historians of science, and others interested in climate change"--
Global warming and climate changes : transparency and accountability. 1, Climate changes : causes and its effects
Climate change : a very short introduction
Urban form and greenhouse gas emissions : summary
The greenhouse effect on Mars : application of an energy balance climate model
The rough guide to climate change
Storms of my grandchildren : the truth about the coming climate catastrophe and our last chance to save humanity
Changing climate: a threat to forest production?
Humanity's footprint : momentum, impact, and our global environment
What happens if the rainforests disappear?
Facing climate change together
The manic sun : weather theories confounded
The warming papers : the scientific foundation for the climate change forecast
"An unbiased and comprehensive overview, based on the findings of the IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change). Using no jargon, it looks at tackling and adapting to man-made climate change, and works through the often confusing potential solutions. Bert Metz is the former co-chair of the IPCC, at the center of international climate change negotiations. His insider expertise provides a cutting edge assessment of issues at the top of the political agenda. He leads the reader succinctly through ambitious mitigation scenarios, in combination with adapting our future societies to different climate conditions and the potential costs of these measures. Illustrations and extensive boxed examples motivate students to engage with this essential global debate, and questions for each chapter are available online for course instructors. Minimal technical language also makes this book valuable to anyone with an interest in action to combat climate change"--Provided by publisher.
Conceptual framework for research on global change : 1992-1995
Carbon capture and its storage : an integrated assessment
Climate change denial : heads in the sand
AMAP 2009 : update on selected climate issues of concern : observations, short-lived climate forcers, Arctic carbon cycle, and predictive capability
The global greenhouse regime - who pays? : science, economics and North-South politics in the Climate Change Convention
Can nature survive global warming?
The greenhouse effect and primary productivity in European agro-ecosystems : proceedings of the international workshop on primary productivity of European agriculture and the greenhouse effect, Wageningen, the Netherlands, 5-10 April 1990
Climate change policy initiatives. Vol. 1, OECD countries
Climate changed : a personal journey through the science
CO2 Capture and storage in energy production
Regional climate simulations for the Nordic region : first results from SWECLIM
The greenhouse effect and Finnish agriculture
The greenhouse effect, climatic change, and ecosystems
The world according to Anna
Greenhouse gases and animal agriculture : proceedings of the 1st International Conference on Greenhouse Gases and Animal Agriculture, Obihiro, Japan, 7-11 November, 2001
Interacting stresses on plants in a changing climate
Scientific plan for a regional programme in the arctic on global change : proceedings of a workshop at Reykjavik, Iceland 22-25 April 1992.
Restless skies : the ultimate weather book
The perception of climate changes by population (FVG-Slovenia area) : ClimChAlp Project
The climate : the ozone layer and the greenhouse effect
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions : the role of voluntary programmes
Forests, weather and climate : a discussion
Ensuring quality of life in Europe's cities and towns : tackling the environmental challenges driven by European and global change
The five horsemen of the modern world : climate, food, water, disease, and obesity
The rising tide : global warming and world sea levels
Atmospheric methane : sources, sinks, and role in global change : [proceedings of the NATO Advanced Research Workshop held at Mount Hood near Portland, OR, USA, October 7-11, 1991]
John Houghton's market-leading textbook is now in full colour and includes the latest IPCC findings, making it the definitive guide to climate change. Written for students across a wide range of disciplines, its simple, logical flow of ideas gives an invaluable grounding in the science and impacts of climate change and highlights the need for action on global warming. Is there evidence for climate changing due to human activities? How do we account for recent extremes of weather and climate? Can global electricity provision and transport ever be carbon free? Written by a leading figure at the forefront of action to confront humanity's most serious environmental problem, this undergraduate textbook comprehensively explores these and other issues, allowing students to think through the problem, assess the data and draw conclusions on the action that should be taken, by governments, by industry and by each and every one of us.
Mother nature's two laws : ringmasters for circus earth
Global Warming
Good practice guidance and uncertainty management in national greenhouse gas inventories
Urban meltdown : cities, climate change and politics as usual
Global climate change linkages : acid rain, air quality and stratospheric ozone : proceedings of a conference
The carbon balance and greenhouse effects of the Finnish forest sector at present, in the past and future
The planet remade : how geoengineering could change the world
Climate change begins at home : life on the two-way street of global warming
Energy and the new reality. Vol. 1, Energy efficiency and the demand for energy services
This collection gathers a set of seminal papers from the emerging area of ethics and climate change. Topics covered include human rights, international justice, intergenerational ethics, individual responsibility, climate economics, and the ethics of geoengineering. Climate Ethics is intended to serve as a source book for general reference, and for university courses that include a focus on the human dimensions of climate change. It should be of broad interest to all those concerned with global justice, environmental science and policy, and the future of humanity.
Climate change : past, present, and future
Global warming in an unequal world : a case of environmental colonialism
Preparing emission reporting from forests : use of national forest inventories in European countries
Greenhouse effect and its impact on Africa
"By the end of this century, the planet will heat up between 1.4[degree] and 5.8[degree] Celsius, according to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. Six degrees may not sound like much, but as this sobering, engrossing, up-to-the-minute books warns, a six-degree rise in Earth's average temperature would be enough to reshape our world almost beyond recognition." "Degree by degree, chapter by chapter, Mark Lynas explains the processes and examines the effects of this unprecedented phenomenon, drawing on a full range of state-of-the-art research and sophisticated computer models that show conclusively that today's climate change is a new and different challenge, not a routine swing of a slow and climatic pendulum." --Book Jacket.
Climate change, culture, and economics : anthropological investigations
Climate confusion : how global warming hysteria leads to bad science, pandering politicians and misguided policies that hurt the poor
Forests and wood products as carbon storage and the effects of carbon policy instruments
Greenhouse gas emission inventories : interim results from the U.S. Country Studies Program
Methods to reduce CO2 emissions from offices and public events inFinland
Waking the giant : how a changing climate triggers earthquakes, tsunamis, and volcanoes
On some basic concepts relating to the greenhouse effect
Climate of Europe : recent variation, present state, and future prospects
Arctic biodiversity trends 2010 : selected indicators of change
What we know about climate change
Greenhouse : planning for climate change
The political economy of climate change adaptation
Heat
Effect of forest drainage on the carbon balance and greenhouse impact of Finnish peatlands
Fluxes of nitrous oxide on natural peatlands in Vuotos, an area projected for a hydroelectric reservoir in northern Finland
The Lomborg deception : setting the record straight about global warming
Global warming : the science of climate change
[Abstract].
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
Responding to global warming : an examination of the prospects for effective action
Antarctic climate change and the environment
Domestic Tradable Quotas Workshop : Brussels, 1-2 July 1998 : proceedings
The weather makers : our changing climate and what it means for life on Earth
Assessment of CO2 fluxes and effects of possible climate changes on forests in Estonia
Nordic hydrology and the greenhouse effect : conclusions & recommendations of Reykjavik symposium april 1991
Climate change : perspectives on an evolving security threat
What happens when an ice cap melts?
Simulating energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions in Finnish residential buildings
Experiments on a dynamic greenhouse climate simulation model : trainee's report
Swedish contribution to the greenhouse effect and required reductions to meet the 550 ppmv target
Conference on Climate and Water, Helsinki, Finland 11-15 September 1989
Catastrophes! : earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, and other earth-shattering disasters
Image : an integrated model to assess the greenhouse effect
Valuing climate change : the economics of the greenhouse
Controlling climate change
Carbon dynamics and ecosystem diversity of Amazonian peatlands
China's way to carbon emissions reduction : the choice of regulatory instruments and its legal challenges
IEA/OECD scoping study : energy and environmental technologies to respond to global climate change concerns
Superfreakonomics : global cooling, patriotic prostitutes and why suicide bombers should buy life insurance
Carbon dioxide, climate and society : proceedings of a IIASA Workshop cosponsored by WMO, UNEP and SCOPE... 1978
Slowing global warming : a worldwide strategy
Soils and the greenhouse effect : the present status and future trends concerning the effect of soils and their cover on the fluxes of greenhouse gases, the surface energy balance and the water balance
Censoring science : inside the political attack on Dr. James Hansen and the truth of global warming
Implementing the Kyoto protocol : proceedings : a two-day conference organized by The Royal Institute of International Affairs 14-15 June 1999, Chatman House, London
Six degrees : our future on a hotter planet
Climate change : the point of no return
Estonia in the system of global climate change
International greenhouse gas emission trading : with special reference to the Kyoto protocol
Just climate? : politics of climate change and cnvironmental justice
Biogeochemistry of global change : radiatively active trace gases : selected papers from the Tenth International Symposium on Environmental Biogeochemistry, San Francisco, August 19-24, 1991
Solar Photovoltaic
Testing of frost hardiness models for Pinus sylvestris in natural conditions and in elevated temperature
Superfreakonomics : global cooling, patriotic prostitutes, and why suicide bombers should buy life insurance
Global warming : are we entering the greenhouse century?
Drought
Greenhouse earth
"Global warming is arguably the defining scientific issue of modern times, but it is not widely appreciated that the foundations of our understanding were laid almost two centuries ago with the postulation of a greenhouse effect by Fourier in 1827. The sensitivity of climate to changes in atmospheric CO2 was first estimated about one century ago, and the rise in atmospheric CO2 concentration was discovered half a century ago.  The fundamentals of the science underlying the forecast for human-induced climate change were being  published and debated long before the issue rose to public prominence in the last few decades.The Warming Papers is a compendium of the classic scientific papers that constitute the foundation of the global warming forecast.  The paper trail ranges from Fourier and Arrhenius in the 19th Century  to Manabe and Hansen in modern times. Archer and Pierrehumbert provide introductions and commentary which places the papers in their context and provide students with tools to develop and extend their understanding of the subject.The book capture the excitement and the uncertainty that always exist at the cutting edge of research, and is invaluable reading for students of climate science, scientists, historians of science, and others interested in climate change"--
Cool it : the skeptical environmentalist's guide to global warming
Drawing on concepts in political economy, political ecology, justice theory, and critical development studies, the authors offer the first comprehensive, systematic exploration of the ways in which adaptation projects can produce unintended, undesirable results.
Carbon dioxide and climate : a second assesment
Is the temperature rising? : the uncertain science of global warming
"This book argues that in spite of extreme views in the media, reasonable scientists agree that human activity has significantly increased greenhouse gases in the atmosphere (dramatically so since the 1970s), and that there is good reason for concern. Kerry Emanuel explains the basic science of global warming to non-experts and shows why it is very difficult to predict when it will have a dramatic effect on the climate. Nonetheless, change will come. Emanuel warns of more intense hurricanes, flooding, and the advancing of deserts, and he calls for urgent action to reduce greenhouse gases. He also blasts the media for underreporting the dangers of global warming: in search of a "balanced" story, journalists have turned to extremists in the scientific community to find people who will deny the problem. In addition, he suggests some solutions for reducing the threat of global warming. The second edition is updated throughout and covers two main developments that have occurred since publication of the first edition. The first development is the next round of the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) climate simulations, Assessment Report Five (AR5), which will provide an update on projections of climate change in the future. The second development is the so-called climategate incident and the subsequent collapse of U.S. popular and political support for dealing with climate change. This is mostly a political phenomenon, and Emanuel provides some insight into what happened and the consequences going forward"--Provided by publisher.
State of fear : a novel
Constructed wetlands and deconstructed discourses : greenhouse gas fluxes and discourses on purifying capacities
Energy : the basics
Cold : adventures in the world ́s frozen places
Strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from road transport : analytical methods
A global warming forum : scientific, economic, and legal overview
Global warming and climate changes : transparency and accountability. 2, Global warming : consequences in the future
Civil aviation carbon dioxide emissions in China
Climate change
Climate security : strategy or necessity for Finland?
Transport policy and global warming
The hype about hydrogen : fact and fiction in the race to save the climate
The burning question : we can't burn half the world's oil, coal and gas. So how do we quit?
Photosynthesis and Rubisco kinetics in spring wheat and meadow fescue under conditions of simulated climate change with elevated CO[sub 2] and increased temperatures
Unstoppable global warming : every 1,500 years
Field notes from a catastrophe : a frontline report on climate change
Climate change law in Scotland
Linking an EU emission reduction target beyond 20 % to energy security in Central and Eastern Europe
The greenhouse trap : what we're doing to the atmosphere and how we can slow global warming
Assessment of the impact of the greenhouse gas emission and sink scenarios in Finland on radiative forcing and greenhouse effect
Soil emission of nitrous oxide and its mitigation
The economics of global warming
Greenhouse climate: from physical processes to a dynamic model
Field notes from a catastrophe
Assessing climate change : temperatures, solar radiation, and heat balance
Fluvial processes and their future magnitudes : combined field observation and simulation approaches
Executive summary (s. 7).
The ozone hole
Global fever : how to treat climate change
Voluntary actions for energy-related CO2 abatement
China and global change : opportunities for collaboration
Climate action
Politics of climate change : a European perspective
Hothouse earth : the greenhouse effect & gaia
Climate change : turning up the heat
Forest in the face of the greenhouse effect
Getting ready! : a study of national governance structures for REDD+
Saving Kyoto : an insider's guide to how it works, why it matters and what it means for the future
Future climate change : volume 4, critical concepts in the environment
The climate change convention and developing countries : from conflict to consensus?
Ozone depletion, greenhouse gases, and climate change
Legal aspects of storing CO2 : update and recommendations
The global warming reader : a century of writing about climate change
Global warming and other bollocks
Expert meeting on the greenhouse gases sink approach of the Kyoto Protocol : Brussels, 16 February 1998 : summary report
Earth matters
Our choice : how we can solve the climate crisis
Climate change, forests and forest management : an owerview
The end of nature
The impacts of climate change in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Climate change atlas : greenhouse simulations from the model evaluation consortium for climate assessment
1992 IPCC supplement : scientific assessment of climate change
Ilmastomuutoksen vastatoimet pohjoisen havumetsävyöhykkeen metsissä = Response strategies in boreal forests : report for intergovernmental panel on climate change - WMO/UNEP
Scientific assessment of climate change : the policymakers' summary of the report of Working Group I to the Intergovernmantal Panel on Climate Change
The impact of logistics and the supply chain on climate change
Closing the gap : GEF Experiences in Global Energy Efficiency
Climate ethics : essential readings
Greenhouse impact of Finnish peatlands 1900-2100
