http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5738 separatism
separatism
The separatist conflict in Sri Lanka : terrorism, ethnicity, political economy
Autonomy and conflict : ethnoterritoriality and separatism in the south Caucasus - cases in Georgia
The Kurds of Iraq : tragedy and hope
Sudan : race, religion and violence
Secession : international law perspectives
Democracy and violent separatism in India : Kashmir in a comparative perspective
Separatist movements : a global reference
Self-determination and secession in international law
Xinjiang of China : its past and present
Not another Transnistria : how sustainable is separatism in Eastern Ukraine?
Gods of the blood : the pagan revival and white separatism
Acts of union and disunion : what has held UK together - and what is dividing it?
This paper analyses the notion of self-determination and secession by adopting acomparative perspective on two case studies, namely Somaliland and South Sudan. Somaliland declared its independence in 1991 following the collapse of the Somali state. Since then, Somaliland has been making relentless efforts to secure recognition from the international community. South Sudan successfully negotiated the right to exerciseself-determination, a right that was formalised in the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) signed between the ruling National Congress Party (NCP) and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM). The people of South Sudan held a referendum and voted overwhelmingly for secession, with formal independence being achieved on 9 July 2011. International law may better qualify Somaliland for statehood than South Sudan for three reasons: (i) it was created by colonialism, (ii) it has already been recognised, albeit only for a few days, as an independent state in 1960, and (iii) it has proven to be stable, functional and relatively democratic. Yet Somaliland has failed to achieve international recognition. This paper interrogates this discrepancy. It concludes that the existence of a partner ready to accept the right of self-determination, and geostrategic concerns about security as well a seconomic and political interests, determine international recognition.
The Quebec-Canada case compared to the Faroes and Greenland
The Ashgate research companion to secession
Kashmiri separatists : origins, competing ideologies and prospects for resolution of the conflict
National minority rights in Europe
National self-determination and secession
Armed militias of South Asia : fundamentalists, Maoists and separatists
Indonesia : issues, historical background and bibliography
The state and ethnic politics in Southeast Asia
Region and state in nineteenth-century Europe : nation-building, regional identities and separatism
No more states? : globalization, national self-determination, and terrorism
Multicultural citizenship : a liberal theory of minority rights
Determinants of centre-region relations in the Russian federation
Federalism doomed? : European federalism between integration and separation
Morality and nationalism
Muslim rulers and rebels : everyday politics and armed separatism in the Southern Philippines
War on terror with Chinese characteristics?
State and regional nationalism : territorial politics and the European state
"Je me souviens", secessionism and Foucault : the case of Québec
Self-determination and collective responsibility in the secessionist struggle
National separatism
Secession and self-determination
Natural resources and violent conflict : options and actions
A stability-seeking power : U.S. foreign policy and secessionist conflicts
Daerah Rawan : faces of separatism in Aceh, West Papua and East Timor
Europeanization and conflict resolution : case studies from the European periphery
Separatism and integration : a study in analytical history
The dynamics of federalism in Russia : a study of formal and informal power resources of the regional chief executives in Russian centre-region relations
The politics of ethnic separatism in Russia and Georgia
Secession and international law : conflict avoidance - regional appraisals
The first separatist war in Chechnya
Reputation and civil war : why separatist conflicts are so violent
Inside the politics of self-determination
Encyclopedia of modern separatist movements
Self-determination and secessionism in Somaliland and South Sudan : challenges to postcolonial state-building
The siege of Venice
"Armed separatist movements in Papua, East Timor and Aceh have been a serious problem for Indonesia's central government. This book examines the policies of successive Indonesian governments to contain secessionist forces, focusing in particular on Jakarta's response towards the armed separatist movement in Aceh. Unlike other studies of separatism in Indonesia, this book concentrates on the responses of the central government rather than looking only at the separatist forces. It shows how successive governments have tried a wide range of approaches, including military repression, offers of autonomy, peace talks and a combination of these. It discusses the lessons that have been learned from these different approaches and analyzes the impact of the tsunami, including the successful accommodation of former rebels within an Indonesian devolved state structure and the expanding implementation of Islamic law."--Jacket.
Rebellion and reform in Indonesia : Jakarta's security and autonomy polices in Aceh
Constitutionalism and the politics of accommodation in multinational democracies
