http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5735 phenomenalism
phenomenalism
Heidegger and the problem of phenomenality
Leibniz on substances and material things
Phenomenal concepts and phenomenal knowledge : new essays on consciousness and physicalism
Being no one : the self-model theory of subjectivity
The self?
"Most contemporary metaphysicians are sceptical about the reality of familiar objects such as dogs and trees, people and desks, cells and stars. They prefer an ontology of the spatially tiny or temporally tiny. Tiny microparticles 'dog-wise arranged' explain the appearance, they say, that there are dogs; microparticles obeying microphysics collectively cause anything that a baseball appears to cause; temporal stages collectively sustain the illusion of enduring objects that persist across changes. Crawford L. Elder argues that all such attempts to 'explain away' familiar objects project downwards, onto the tiny entities, structures and features of familiar objects themselves. He contends that sceptical metaphysicians are thus employing shadows of familiar objects, while denying that the entities which cast those shadows really exist. He argues that the shadows are indeed really there, because their sources - familiar objects - are mind-independently real"-- Provided by publisher.
Perception, physics and reality : an enquiry into the information that physical science can supply about the real
Ernst Mach's world elements : a study in natural resources
Familiar objects and their shadows
Perception and the physical world
Carnap and the Vienna circle : empiricism and logical syntax
Sir William Hamilton : being the philosophy of perception, an analysis
The phenomenal self
On explaining cognitive phenomena: the limits of mechanistic explanation
Groundless belief : an essay on the possibility of epistemology
On explaining cognitive phenomena : the limits of mechanistic explanation
George Berkeley bicentenary
"Most contemporary metaphysicians are sceptical about the reality of familiar objects such as dogs and trees, people and desks, cells and stars. They prefer an ontology of the spatially tiny or temporally tiny. Tiny microparticles 'dog-wise arranged' explain the appearance, they say, that there are dogs; microparticles obeying microphysics collectively cause anything that a baseball appears to cause; temporal stages collectively sustain the illusion of enduring objects that persist across changes. Crawford L. Elder argues that all such attempts to 'explain away' familiar objects project downwards, onto the tiny entities, structures and features of familiar objects themselves. He contends that sceptical metaphysicians are thus employing shadows of familiar objects, while denying that the entities which cast those shadows really exist. He argues that the shadows are indeed really there, because their sources - familiar objects - are mind-independently real" --
