http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5739 ethnic minorities
ethnic minorities
Castes and tribes of Southern India. Vol. 1-7
The logic of racism
EMTEL II research (European media technology and everyday life network) : diasporic minorities and their media in the EU : a mapping
Between two cultures : migrants and minorities in Britain
Discrimination and human rights : the case of racism
Affirmative action and black entrepreneurship
The Monguors of the Kansu-Tibetan border. Part II, Their religious life
Racial attitudes in America : analyses and findings of social psychology
Minority elderly care in Europe : country profiles
Zabytye obrazy hantyjskih šamanov : katalog fotodokumentov načala XX veka iz sobraniâ Tobol'skogo istoriko-arhivnogo muzeâ-zapovednika (G. Dmitriev-Sadovnikov, Vah, 1912) = Forgotten images of Khanty shamans
Language, Culture, and Teaching : critical perspectives
Recognizing race and ethnicity : power, privilege, and inequality
They say: oh, it's a foreigner who made trouble
Race and ethnicity in modern Britain
'Race', ethnicity and adoption
Ethnic minorities and warfare at the Artctic front 1939-1945
Multicultural Australia : the Australian experience
Kurdish issue in Iran : journal of Ghasemlou Center for research and political development
The Chinese ethnic minority literature
Ethnic minority member perspective on leader-member exchange
Seizing multiplicity : assessing academic accounts for minority accommodation in contemporary citizenship discourse
Rural sociology in India
Medicine and health care among Chinese minorities
The formation and role of the Kosovo Security Force
The Routledge international companion to multicultural education
They say it's a cultural matter : gender and ethnicity at preschool
Special education in minority communities
Roma participation in Europe : a seminar at the Parliament House 22 October 2001, Helsinki
Complying with colonialism : gender, race and ethnicity in the Nordic region
Individual crimes or a sociological phenomenon : a critical discourse analysis of the 2014 Royal Canadian Mounted Police national operational overview on missing and murdered indigenous women in Canada
War and peace in the borderlands of Myanmar : the Kachin Ceasefire, 1994-2011
Language in society : eight sociolinguistic essays on Balochi
Great Britain, British Jews and the international protection of Romanian Jews, 1900-1914 : a study of Jewish diplomacy and minority rights
Ethnic relations in America
America's ethnic politics
Interethnic affiliations and everyday demarcations of youth in Finland : empirical glances through multisited interviews and observations
Ethnic families in Americs : patterns and variations
Ethnic pluralism
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
Ningxia : A Land blessed by teh Yellow river
Triple border regions in Central Europe : the case of Hungary and its neighbours
The relevance of networks to ethnic minority businesses : a case study of an Indian ethnic minority business in Singapore
Bantu, Boer and Briton : the making of the South African native problem
Social work in a diverse society : transformative practice with black and minority ethnic individuals and communities
Ethnic revival, diasporas and host regions : the Eastern Mari
Race relations in America : a reference guide with primary documents
Education for ethnic minorities in China
The negro in the American theatre
Canadian transcultural nursing : assessment and intervention
The Finnish minority situation in Norway
Similar questions, different meanings : Differences in the meaning of constructs for Dutch and Moroccan respondents : effects of the ethnicity of the interviewer and language of the interview among first and second generation Moroccan respondents
Black children and poverty : a developmental perspective
Native life in South Africa
Hainan : China's island paradise
Counseling the culturally diverse : theory and practice
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
Immigrant associations in Europe
Overcoming unintentional racism in counseling and therapy : a practioner's guide to intentional intervention
The transformation of nationalism in Central and Eastern Europe : ideas and structures
The Chinese Americans
The end of tolerance?
The Paliyan of Kerala
Tribes of Kerala
Therapeutic interventions with ethnic elders : health and social issues
Russian-speaking immigrant students in Finland : searching for the meaning of languages and cultures
Transformations of Estonian Russians' cultural identity after the collapse of the Soviet Union
Kumaon and Garhwal hill districts
The age of migration
Academic racism : common sense in social sciences
The Vietnamese Americans
Job satisfaction among ethnic minorities in Helsinki
Traditions in the construction of cultural identity and strategies of ethnic survival
This text stresses institutional and cultural themes-rather than individual racial/ethnic categories-allowing students to grapple with the complexities of race, privilege, and racism within broad historical and sociological contexts.
Ethnicity, class and aspiration
The age of migration : international population movements in the modern world
Representations of Finnishness in Sweden
Ethnicity and causal mechanisms
"All five fingers are not the same" : identity work among ethnic minority youth in an urban Norwegian context
The jews in modern France
Contemporary ancestors
Ghuran janzi boowu : Huzhu Mongghulni nantari = Three treasures : Huzhu Mongghul folklore = San jian baowu : Huzu tuzu minjian gushi
Yunnan : "Shangri-la" over the horizon
Psychological testing of American minorities : issues and consequences
World minorities. Vol. 1
Diversity management : at the center of HRM and leadership
Totemism in India
The quality of urban life : social, psychological, and physical conditions
Food consumption in global perspective : essays in the anthropology of food in honour of Jack Goody
Surveying ethnic minorities : the imapct of survey design on data quality
Unbreakable Logjam : Survey on Impediments for Return of Serb Refugees to Croatia
Race, science and society
The Hazaras of Afghanistan : an historical, cultural, economic and political study
Laos and ethnic minority cultures : promoting heritage
Arabic Script among China's Muslims: A Dongxiang folk story
Leadership in libraries : a focus on ethnic-minority librarians
How ethnic minority nursing students experience healthcare services in Finland : a qualitative descriptive study
Caught in the crossfire
Towards a monoethnic state : ethnic minorities in Poland from the end of the Second World War until the present
Race and ethnicity : comparative and theoretical approaches
The voice for diversity? : the Advisory Board for Ethnic Relations - representing ethnic diversity in Finnish politics
Race : the history of an idea in America
Cleansing the Czechoslovak borderlands : migration, environment, and health in the former Sudetenland
The future of multi-ethnic Britain : report of the Commission on the Future of Multi-Ethnic Britain
Enterprising women : ethnicity, economy, and gender relations
Macedonia : the political, social, economic and cultural foundations of a Balkan state
Minorities research : a collection of studies by Hungarian authors
The Basque history of the world
The music of China's ethnic minorities
The triple package : what really determines success
This volume is the first authoritative reference work to provide a truly comprehensive international description and analysis of multicultural education around the world.
Ethnic futures : the state and identity politics in Asia
Ethnic-sensitive social work practice
Abstract: Introduction  Migration to the Nordic country Finland has increased dramatically in the last 20 years. Statistics Finland projects for the next few decades the number of immigrants will remain above 27,000 people a year. Finland is predicted to have a labour shortage within the next 15 years, especially in the field of healthcare. The UN and WHO have recommended that nations keep their migrant policies in line with human rights. This includes access to health care. Finland follows these recommendations. The purpose of this project is to investigate and describe how ethnic minority nursing students in the capital area experience health care in Finland: using healthcare services themselves or accompanying a friend or family member, and providing healthcare as a student nurse in a clinical placement or working on a ward. This study is part of the Local & Global Development in Social & Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  Methods  This is a qualitative descriptive study. Six nursing students from a capital area Finnish University of Applied Sciences were interviewed. Topics were derived from the Papadopoulos, Tilki, Taylor model of cultural competence and formed into a tool to guide the interviews. The data from the interviews were categorized into themes using inductive content analysis.  Results  The findings showed that as a patient the participants had positive and negative experiences. Their general feeling about the Finnish healthcare system was positive. However, they all had negative experiences. Negative experiences occurred with healthcare professionals who were culturally incompetent. This affected the quality of care they received. Positive experiences resulted from interactions with culturally competent healthcare professionals. Most of their difficulties they faced were because of their use of English and lack of proficiency in Finnish. They experienced discrimination, stereotyping and ethnocentrism. Their experiences as students were a bit similar to their experiences as patients. These included incidents that happened to them and events they witnessed happening to other ethnic minority patients. The students as a whole gave a description of two nurse archetypes; the closed nurse and the open nurse. The participants were often challenged with nurses who were closed but they gravitated towards nurses who were open. The open nurses were friendly, encouraging, and happy to work with people from different cultures.  Conclusions  The results show ethnic minority nursing students are facing adversity because many Finnish healthcare workers are culturally incompetent. Finnish healthcare curriculums should be reviewed to see if there is enough multicultural education. More multicultural training is needed for healthcare professionals in the capital area of Finland. Models of cultural competence should be reviewed and incorporated into the Finnish nursing practice.
The lives of ethnic Americans
The making of Black America : essays in Negro life & history. Volume 1, The origins of Black Americans
The Monguors of the Kansu-Tibetan frontier. Part III, Records of the Monguor clans. History of the Monguors in Huangchung and the Chronicles of the Lu Family
Publications of the Ombudsman for Minorities
European migrants, diasporas and indigenous ethnic minorities
Triple border regions in Central Europa : the case of Hungary and its neighbours
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Completely updated,Counseling the Culturally Diverse: Theory and Practice, Sixth Edition is the most widely used and critically acclaimed text on multicultural counseling, offering students and professionals essential and thought-provoking material on the theory, research, and practice of multicultural counseling. The new edition presents the newest research in the field of multicultural counseling, as well as an expanded section on microaggressions. With its unique conceptual framework for multicultural therapy, this book remains the best source of real-world counseling preparation for students and the most enlightened, influential guide for professionals.
Culture, religion and patient care in a multi-ethnic society : a handbook for professionals
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Ethnic minorities in Britain
Small ethnic communities - cultural identity in danger? : January 25-27, 1996
Finnish ethnicity in the state of Virginia
Mullukurumbas of Kappala
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
The dards at Khalatse in Western Tibet
Democracy in global life : indigenous means of subsistence
