http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5748 dietetics
dietetics
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition. Vol. 1, A-Cassava
Recent advances in canine and feline nutritional research : proceedings of the 1996 IAMS International Nutrition Symposium
Nutrition and Physical Activity Recommendations for Preschool-Aged Children : a flyer for parents
SAS and Special Forces fitness training : an elite workout program for body and mind
The Scandinavian belly fat program : 12 weeks to get healthy, boost your energy and lose weight
The big fat surprise : why meat, butter, and cheese belong in a healthy diet
The diet myth : why the secret to health and weight loss is already in your gut
Patient problems in clinical nutrition : a manual
Understanding normal and clinical nutrition
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition : Vol 8. Vol. 8, Index and directories
Nutrition and aging : symposium held at Marabou, Sundbyberg, Sweden, June 12-14, 1987.
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 11
Living paleo for dummies
Mineral nutrition and the balance of life
The China study : the most comprehensive study of nutrition ever conducted and the startling implications for diet, weight loss and long-term health
Growth and undernutrition in rural Malawian children
The blood code : unlock the secrets of your metabolism
Nordic nutrition recommendations 2012 : integrating nutrition and physical activity
Principles of nutrition
Human nutrition : a continuing debate
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 19
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 8
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 10
Oats : chemistry and technology
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
The effect of nutrition on physiological responses of resistance training in muscle and blood in young men
The dictionary of nutrition and dietetics
Encyclopedia of human nutrition. Vol. 1
Food freedom forever : letting go of bad habits, guilt, and anxiety around food
Nutrition and health encyclopedia
Health at every size : the surprising truth about your weight
Clean eats : over 200 delicious recipes to reset your body's natural balance and discover what it means to be truly healthy
Deep nutrition : why your genes need traditional food
Nutrition & you
Would you like to know how to reduce pain without medication? Why it's easier to lose weight if you eat grapefruit? Or why oatmeal with milk will help you get a good night's sleep? Based on the latest medical research, these handy little hacks will help you to make small changes that reap really big health benefits. With direct remedies for health problems as well as preventative advice on topics ranging from nutrition and fitness to illnesses and stress, the book lets you understand why your body works the way it does, how you can remedy it when it's under performing and how you can keep it a well-oiled machine all through life.
Effortless healing : 9 simple ways to sidestep illness, shed excess weight and help your body fix itself
Journal of nutrition for the elderly
Statistical and mathematical methodologies are usually perceived by people working in food science as complex and difficult subjects, and most food scientists and professionals receive limited instruction in them. This hinders the implementation of statistical and mathematical methodologies in food science and limits the usability and application of these techniques for research that contains a large quantity of complex data. These statistical techniques are necessary for the development and evaluation of food products and processes. They are also important for studying mechanisms underlying different phenomena that may affect product quality or the unit operations in food development. Mathematical and Statistical Methods in Food Science and Technology offers accessible and practical information, suitable for readers across a range of knowledge levels and food-related disciplines, for applying statistical and mathematical technologies in food science. The book's, focus is on the application of complex methodologies which have been recently introduced in the field (managing physicochemical, chemical, theological, nutritional, and sensory data) and have proven to be extremely useful in characterizing new products and processes in the food industries. Theoretical explanations, practical examples and case studies ensure that this is an easy-to-follow and comprehensive text, not just a theoretical guide for non-statisticians. It will therefore be of value to all food science professionals with varying degrees of statistical skill, as well as researchers, undergraduate and graduate students. Book jacket.
World food prospects : critical issues for the early twenty-first century
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 1
Healthy eating: fact and fiction
Nutrition and health
Handbook for clinical nutrition services management
Aspects of human nutrition
Sports Nutrition : Enchanging Athletic Performance
Culinary nutrition for food professionals
Promoting healthy behaviour : practical guide for nursing and healthcare
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 7
Food, health, and happiness : 115 on-point recipes for great meals and a better life
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 14
Ecology of food and nutrition
European Food and Nutrition Action Plan 2015-2020
COOKERY FOR SPECIFIC DIETS & CONDITIONS. In "Paleo Cooking With Your Instant Pot," bestselling Paleo cookbook author Jennifer Robins teaches readers how to use her favorite tool and secret weapon, the Instant Pot, to cook amazing meals at home with ease. The Instant Pot is a wildly popular and ultra-handy kitchen tool that cooks many different methods using one pot including pressure cooking, slow cooking, steaming and sauteing and can be intimidating until now. Jennifer walks you through the settings and provides top-quality and foolproof recipes that show you everything this cooker is capable of. With the bulk of the work done by the Instant Pot and all in one pot, you spend less time cooking and washing dishes.
World hunger : 12 myths
Recent advances in canine and feline nutrition. Volume 2, 1998 Iams Nutritional Symposium proceedings
The paleo manifesto : ancient wisdom for lifelong health
The healthy life
Nutrition and Physical Activity Recommendations for Preschool-Aged Children - a flyer for parents
Depression and malnutrition among elderly in longterm care : a literature review
The bowel surgery : understanding common indications for bowel surgery, and necessary nutrition support and patient guide
Finnish nutrition recommendations
Nutrition in the community
Nutrition and skin
Cultivating childhood obesity
The complete guite to nutrients : an A-Z of superfoods, herbs, vitamins, minerals and supplements
Intuitive eating : a revolutionary program that works
British food journal
Culinary nutrition : the science and practice of healthy cooking
The omnivore's dilemma : the secrets behind what you eat
The Action Plan is intended to significantly reduce the burden of preventable diet-related noncommunicable diseases, obesity and all other forms of malnutrition still prevalent in the WHO European Region. It calls for countries to act, using a whole-of-government, health-in-all-policies approach. Its priority actions will contribute to improving food-system governance and the overall quality of the European population's diet and nutritional status.
Berries in the world : introduction to the international markets of berries
Journal of food distribution research
'What 's for dinner?' seemed like a simple question-until journalist and supermarket detective Michael Pollan delved behind the scenes. From fast food and big organic to small farms and old-fashioned hunting and gathering, this young readers' adaptation of Pollan's famous food-chain exploration encourages kids to consider the personal and global health implications of their food choices. Examines the origins of the different food chains that have sustained humans throughout history, discussing how certain foods and cuisines have become a popular part of people's daily diets.
Nutrition : competency guide
Guidelines for training community health workers in nutrition
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 12
Nutrition health project using an ICT-based learning environment : participatory action research in Eastern Finland
Lifestyle interventions in treatment of obese adults:eating behaviour and other factors affecting weight loss and maintenance
Feeding sheep
Food hygiene & food hazards
"With dishes created and prepared alongside her favorite chefs, paired with personal essays and memories from Oprah herself, this cookbook offers a candid, behind-the-scenes look into the life (and kitchen) of one of the most influential and respected celebrities in the world"--Back cover.
Sport nutrition : an introduction to energy production and performance
Food literacy : key concepts for health and education
A review of plant-based nutrition interventions on heart disease, obesity and diabetes : suggestions for an educational curriculum
Supercharged food for kids : building stronger, healthier, brighter kids from the ground up
Encyclopedia of human nutrition. Vol. 3
The Bowel Surgery: Understanding Common Indications for  Bowel Surgery, and Necessary Nutrition Support and Patient Guide.
Pressure to change and resistance against it: consumer perceptions and acceptance of nutritionally modified foods
Walk off the weight : fitness, nutrition, anti-aging : 21 days is all it takes
Muscle development of livestock animals : physiology, genetics, and meat quality
The vitamin complex : our obsessive quest for nutritional perfection
“Exercise Was Just a Way of Modifying My Body.” Exercise Dependence and Orthorexia among Students in Kainuu Region: A Qualitative Study
Run fast. eat slow. : Nourishing Recipes for Athletes
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 18
Introductory nutrition and nutrition therapy
Nutrition research newsletter
Nordic nutrition recommendations 2004 : integrating nutrition and physical activity
Changes in the food habits of Chinese students after migration to Helsinki, Finland
Publications and theses 1980-1986
Effect of short-term guided aerobic exercise and diet intervention on overweight women
Nutrition in Finland
Promotion of child growth in Vietnam : case study: an application of the PRECEDE-PROCEED-model to assess needs for an intervention
Ancient grains : the complete guide to cooking with power-packed millet, oats, spelt, farro, sorghum & teff
Food chemistry and nutritional biochemistry
The vitamin sourcebook
Nutrition and blood pressure
Feeding your baby
Journal of food science
Relative validity of an interactive 24-hour recall to assess the intake of energy and nutrients among 15-month old Malawian children
Nutrition review for hockey players : enhancing performance through nutrition
"From the physician behind the wildly popular website NutritionFacts.org, How Not to Die reveals the groundbreaking scientific evidence behind the only diet that can prevent and reverse many of the causes of disease-related death.The vast majority of premature deaths can be prevented through simple changes in diet and lifestyle. In How Not to Die, Dr. Michael Greger, the internationally-renowned nutrition expert, physician, and founder of NutritionFacts.org, examines the fifteen top causes of premature death in America heart disease, various cancers, diabetes, Parkinson's, high blood pressure, and more and explains how nutritional and lifestyle interventions can sometimes trump prescription pills and other pharmaceutical and surgical approaches, freeing us to live healthier lives. The simple truth is that most doctors are good at treating acute illnesses but bad at preventing chronic disease. The fifteen leading causes of death claim the lives of 1.6 million Americans annually. This doesn't have to be the case. By following Dr. Greger's advice, all of it backed up by strong scientific evidence, you will learn which foods to eat and which lifestyle changes to make to live longer. History of prostate cancer in your family? Put down that glass of milk and add flaxseed to your diet whenever you can. Have high blood pressure? Hibiscus tea can work better than a leading hypertensive drug-and without  the side effects. Fighting off liver disease? Drinking coffee can reduce liver inflammation. Battling breast cancer? Consuming soy is associated with prolonged survival. Worried about heart disease (the number 1 killer in the United States)? Switch to a whole-food, plant-based diet, which has been repeatedly shown not just to prevent the disease but often stop it in its tracks. In addition to showing what to eat to help treat the top fifteen causes of death, How Not to Die includes Dr. Greger's Daily Dozen a checklist of the twelve foods we should consume every day.
The scientific basis for vitamin intake in human nutrition
Nutrition for foodservice and culinary professionals
Recent advances in canine and feline nutrition. Volum, 2000 IAMS Nutrition Symposium proceedings
Summary.
A description of implementation of WHO global strategies on Diet, Physical Activity and Health in Finland
500 Paleo Recipes : hundreds of delicious recipes for weight loss and super health
Paleo cooking with your instant pot : 80 incredible gluten- and grain-free recipes made twice as delicious in half the time
Body and soul : a girl's guide to a fit, fun, and fabulous life
A description of implementation of WHO global strategies on diet, physical activity and health in Finland
Diets and dieting : a cultural encyclopedia
Diet and Medication Therapy in the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes. : Comparison between Finland and the United States of America (USA).
Sod it! Eat well : healthy eating into your sixties, seventies and beyond
Encyclopedia of human nutrition. Vol. 2
Sport nutrition for health and performance
Dietary fat and risk of breast cancer
New Nutrition business : the journal for healthy eating, functional foods & nutraceuticals
The IVF diet : the plan to support IVF treatment and help couples conceive
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition : Vol 6. Vol. 6, pH-Soya milk
Causes and preventive measures for undernutrition : among children under five years of age in Uganda
Nutritional coaching strategy to modulate training efficiency
Nutrition, gastrointestinal food hypersensitivity and functional gastrointestinal disorders in schoolchildren and adolescents
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 16
"Exercise Was Just a Way Modifying My Body." : Exercise Dependence and Orthorexia among Students in Kainuu Region: A Quantitative Study
French kids eat everything : how our family moved to France, cured picky eating, banned snacking, and discovered 10 simple rules for raising happy, healthy eaters
The sugar detox plan : the essential 3-step plan for breaking your sugar habit
Attitude theory and measurement in food and nutrition research : proceedings of a symposium 15-17 June 1980.
The book of YOU : daily micro-actions for a happier, healthier you
Laser fluorescence in detecting and monitoring the progression of occlusal dental caries lesions and for screening persons with unfavourable dietary habits
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition : Vol 4. Vol. 4, Fumigants-malnutrition
Comparison of growth, nutrition and soil properties of pure and mixed stands of Populus deltoides and Alnus subcornata
Twenty years of selenium fertilization, September 8-9, 2005, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Estimating potassium nutrition of Norway spruce with needle analysis during different seasons
Annual review of nutrition. Vol 20
The traditional foods in the central Ethiopian highlands
The body book : the law of hunger, the science of strength, the power of knowledge, and other ways to love your amazing body
AQA GCSE Food Preparation and Nutrition
Ripened cheeses : the effects of fat modifications on sensory characteristics and fatty acid composition
Community-based food and nutrition programmes : what makes them successful : a review and analysis of experience
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition : Vol 7. Vol. 7, Spectroscopy-Z
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 13
Health hacks : 500 simple solutions that provide big benefits
Acclaimed author Patrick Holford has spent the last 40 years exploring what it means to be 100 per cent healthy. In The Chemistry of Connection he shares deep wisdom that will help you to feel fully alive and awake, and to live a purposeful life. This book explores various avenues of the search for a deeper understanding and experience of connection, and finds connections between cultural, scientific and spiritual traditions in the search for higher understanding. In this book you will discover how to: wake up from disconnection to connection; develop your mind-body connection and heal your body; generate energy and restore your vitality; resolve emotional and relationship difficulties; improve your mental alertness and intellectual clarity; connect with the five elements that make us and our world; and, explore and experience philosophies that make life worth living. Including practical exercises, meditations and contemplations, this book will help you enhance connection in all areas of your life.
Consequences of hazardous dietary calcium deficiency for fattening bulls
An introduction to nutrition and metabolism
Growth and nutrition in the etiology of type 1 diabetes
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 4
Pregnancy : an infographic guide
Change the way you eat : the psychology of food
The China study cookbook : over 120 whole food, plant-based recipes
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition : Vol 5. Vol. 5, Malt-pesticides and herbicides
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar--your brain's silent killers
"Deep Nutrition revolutionizes the way we think about food by showing how dietary choices affect us down to the level of our DNA. Once a world-class athlete plagued by debilitating injuries, physician and biochemist Cate Shanahan was determined to cure her own ailments. So she researched diets from around the world that have been proved to help people live longer, healthier lives--diets from places like the Mediterranean, Okinawa Island, and the Blue Zones--and she identified four common nutritional habits that for generations have unfailingly produced strong, healthy, intelligent children and active, vital elders. These four nutritional strategies form the basis of what Dr. Cate calls the "Human Diet": fresh food, fermented and sprouted foods, meat cooked on the bone, [and] organ meats. By adhering to this Human Diet, Dr. Cate cured her own ailments and has since helped countless patients and readers of the original self-published edition of Deep Nutrition achieve their own optimum health. In this revised and updated edition of the self-published phenomenon, Deep Nutrition shows how anyone can follow the Human Diet to: improve mood; calm allergies; eliminate cravings and the urge to snack; boost fertility and give birth to healthier children; sharpen cognition and memory; build stronger bones and joints; get younger, smoother skin. Not all food is created equal. Real food contains ordered information that can direct our cellular growth in a positive way. Our family history does not determine our destiny. What you eat interacts with your DNA in ways that affect your health and the health of your future children. Cutting through conflicting nutritional ideologies, Deep Nutrition is a groundbreaking, life-changing work that combines science with common sense to illustrate how the traditions of our ancestors can help us all lead longer, healthier, more vital lives."--Dust jacket.
Mathematical and statistical methods in food science and technology
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 9
Naturally thin : unleash your skinnygirl and free yourself from a lifetime of dieting
The Paleo diet : lose weight and get healthy by eating the foods you were designed to eat
The belly burn plan : 6 weeks to a lean, fit and healthy body
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of infant development. Volume 2, Applied and policy issues
Whole : rethinking the science of nutrition
Beating cancer with nutrition : clinically proven and easy-to-follow strategies to dramatically improve your quality and quantity of life and increase chances for a complete remission
Public health nutrition
Principles of human nutrition
Homocysteine, folate and cardiovascular diseases
Regional differences of child under-nutrition in Bangladesh
How not to die : discover the foods scientifically proven to prevent and reverse disease
Our troubles with food: fears, fads and fallacies
Understanding nutrition
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 5
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 17
Fat planet : The obesity trap and how we can escape it
The total fitness manual
Ketonemia in dairy cows confronted with underfeeding of energy during early lactation
Introductory nutrition
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 6
Journal of the academy of nutrition and dietetics
The science of nutrition
Nutrition in promoting the public ́s health : strategies, principles, and practices
Proteins and amino acids in nutrition
Nutritional Needs of Vitamin D, Vitamin E, Folic Acid and Fibre in Elderly Population
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition : Vol. 2. Vol. 2, Catering-Downś syndrome
The role of diet during pregnancy and infancy in the development of childhood allergies and asthma
The omnivore's dilemma : the search for a perfect meal in a fast-food world
Outcomes of prenatal nutrition counselling in developing countries
Routledge handbook of food and nutrition security
The Baltic environment, food and health : from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Naturally sassy : my recipes for an energised, healthy and happy you
Encyclopedia of human nutrition. Vol. 4
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 15
Environment and atopy and asthma in childhood : the effect of dietary fats, common infections and asthma treatment practises on morbidity rates
Seasonality, photoperiod and nutritional status in the control of endocrinological weight-regulation
Human nutrition : learning resource for health sciences students
The feelgood plan : happier, healthier & slimmer in 15 minutes a day
The chemistry of connection : five keys to a richer, happier, fulfilling and meaningful life
Effects of feed processing on the apparent ileal digestibility of amino acids in pig diets containing wheat bran or wheat middlings
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
Themes, Dreams, and Schemes : banquet menu ideas, concepts, and thematic experiences
Healing superfoods for anti-aging : stay younger, live longer
Apparent ileal digestibility of amino acids in wet wheat protein and soya bean meal for growing pigs
Improving nutrition programmes : an assessment tool for action
Infant feeding : anatomy of a controversy 1973-1984
Robinson's basic nutrition and diet therapy
Slim for life : my insider secrets to simple, fast, and lasting weight loss
Ruminant physiology : digestion, metabolism, growth, and reproduction
The 80/10/10 diet : balancing your health, your weight, and your life one luscious bite at a time
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 3
Annual review of nutrition. Vol. 2
Supporting self-care in nutrition with pregnant young adult women
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition : Vol 3. Vol. 3, Dressings and mayonnaise-Fruits of tropical climates
Positional distribution of fatty acids in plant triacylglycerols : contributing factors and chromatographic/mass spectrometric analysis
Cadmium content of Finnish linseed and estimated consumer intake
Knight's Foodservice dictionary
Nutrition : essentials and diet therapy
The effects of protein and carbohydrate supplementation on body composition and muscle strength during resistance training
The concept of food and nutrition security has evolved and risen to the top of the international policy agenda over the last decade. Yet it is a complex and multi-faceted issue, requiring a broad and inter-disciplinary perspective for full understanding. This Handbook represents the most comprehensive compilation of our current knowledge of food and nutrition security from a global perspective. It is organized to reflect the wide scope of the contents, its four sections corresponding to the accepted current definitional frameworks prevailing in the work of multilateral agencies and mainstream scholarship. The first section addresses the struggles and progression of ideas and debates about the subject in recent years. The other sections focus on three key themes: how food has been, is and should be made available, including by improvements in agricultural productivity; the ways in which politico-economic and social arenas have shaped access to food; and the effects of food and nutrition systems in addressing human health, known as food utilisation. Overall, the volume synthesizes a vast field of information drawn from agriculture, soil science, climatology, economics, sociology, human and physical geography, the nutrition and health sciences, environmental science and development studies.
World review of nutrition and dietetics
Living nutrition
Micronutrient intake in Nepalese mothers and children : study of the current stage and changes over time and determinants of vitamin A and iron intake in Nepalese mothers and their children from 2001 to 2011
Food for a future : the ecological priority of a humane diet
