http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5745 independent travel
independent travel
The global nomad : backpacker travel in theory and practice
Madventures : the ultimate travel show!. Disc 3/3, USA ; USA part 2 ; Annapurna special ; Hits & misses
The health risks of young travellers
Only pack what you can carry : my path to inner strenght
Travel motivation and travel behaviour of Finnish backpackers in Australia
Backpacker tourism : concepts and profiles
Tourism and mobilities : local - global communities
The Routledge handbook of tourism geographies
The future of backpacking : a scenario planning approach to the backpacker's travel behavior
Madventures : season 3. Disc 2, Nippon ; Hindustan ; China
Management accounting for the hospitality, tourism and retail Sectors
Madventures : the ultimate travel show!. Disc 1/3, Nepal ; India ; Cambodia ; Thailand
Work your way around the world
Building on previous work on backpacking, this book takes the analysis of backpacker tourism further by engaging both with new theoretical debates into tourism experiences and mobilities as well as with new empirical phenomena such as the rise of the 'flashpacker' and alternative destinations. The chapters include material on flashpacking, the virtualization of backpacker culture, the re-conceptualisation of lifestyle travellers, backpackers as volunteer tourists, as well as backpackers' experiences of hostels, mobilities and their policy implications. It sets a new benchmark for the study of independent travel in the contemporary world.
Representations of corporal backpacker travel in a televised travel programme
The ethical travel guide : your passport to exciting alternative holidays
Managing volunteers in tourism : attractions, destinations and events
The lonely planet book of everything : a visual guide to travel and the world
Hospitality and health : issues and developments
Reinventing the local in tourism : producing, consuming and negotiating place
What makes us travel and keep on talking about it
Sleeping Around : A couch surfing tour of the globe
Beyond backpacker tourism : mobilities and experiences
Madventures. season 3
Loire Valley : [your guide to great drives]
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Backpacker tourism and economic development : perspectives from the less developed world
From pilgrimage to package tour : travel and tourism in the Third World
Counter-tourism : the handbook
The Backpacker
How to travel the world for free : one man, 150 days, eleven countries, no money!
Youth travel matters : understanding the global phenomenon of youth travel
Madventures : season 3. Disc 3, New Guinea ; Philippines ; South-East Asia
Taking time and making journeys : narratives on self and the other among backpackers
The marriage plot
Madventures : season 3.
Madventures : the ultimate travel show
Madventures II : seikkailu jatkuu. Disc 3/III, Africa ; Africa II ; Indochina ; Indochina II ; Loaded
Vaimoksi vuorille : reppumatkasarjakuvia Etelä-Kaukasiasta = Mountain wife : backbacking comics from the South Caucasus
The backpacker's bible
The Canadian hiker's and backpacker's handbook : your how-to guide for hitting the trails, coast to coast to coast
Financial management for the hospitality industry
Tourism in Brazil : environment, management and segments
Madventures : the ultimate travel show!. Disc 2/3, Indonesia ; Tonga ; Peru ; Ecuador
Madventures : season 3. Disc 1, Amazonas ; Ex-CCCP ; West Africa ; Yemen
"'Since the 1990s, tourism has become a major driver of economic activity and community development in Brazil. New policies and approaches, growing expertise and investment in tourism have brought significant transformation in tourism products, destination development and community involvement. In addition Brazil will be hosting two major sport events in the years ahead, i.e. the Soccer World Cup, in 2014, and the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, in 2016. Brazil offers many cultural and natural attractions but, similar to many other developing countries, it still struggles with issues such as infrastructure, accessibility, product development, service quality, market access and workforce training. This book provides an in-depth examination of tourism in Brazil, critically reviewing its development and management. The social, economic, political and environmental contexts of this emerging global power provide an intriguing backdrop. The book considers important development issues such as the changing policy context, community benefit tourism and indigenous tourism. It explores the impacts of tourism on the environment, changing community attitudes towards tourism, transport infrastructure and sustainability issues in events. Particular segments are explored including backpacker tourism, sensual tourism, adventure tourism and ecotourism and the implications for tourism research and education are examined. The book draws from theoretical foundations and practical insights, and gives voice to Brazilian researchers who are actively engaged in researching tourism. Drawing from cutting edge cross-cultural research, this original and timely book will be of interest to students, researchers and academics in the areas of Tourism, Geography and related disciplines.'"--
