http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5740 minorities
minorities
We are a Muslim, please
The problem of securing justice for cultural minority groups in democratic societies : a study of the French secularism law
Marginalized communities and access to justice
Between two cultures : migrants and minorities in Britain
They say: oh, it's a foreigner who made trouble
Sexual and gender minorities at work
Analysis of best practices and used methods in research articles of culturally competent care : applied systematic literature review
Guide to culturally competent health care
They say it's a cultural matter : gender and ethnicity at preschool
A theory of multicultural counseling and therapy
TraiLL : training in languages of lesser diffusion : training of legal interpreters in LLDs
Triple border regions in Central Europa : the case of Hungary and its neighbours
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
Hungarians in Finland and Sweden: Comparison of Some Sociocultural and Demographic Factors on Language Choice, Culture and Identity
Indigenous peoples' rights, minority group rights and international human rights law
Designs for alienation : exploring diverse realities
The Taqwacores
Migration and the mobility of citizens around the globe pose important challenges to the linguistic and cultural homogeneity that nation-states rely on for defining their physical boundaries and identity, as well as the rights and obligations of their citizens. A new social order resulting from neoliberal economic practices, globalization and outsourcing also challenges traditional ways the nation-state has organized its control over the people who have typically travelled to a new country looking for work or better life chances. This collection provides an account of the ways language addresses core questions concerning power and the place of migrants in various institutional and workplace settings. It brings together contributions from a range of geographical settings to understand better how linguistic inequality is (re)produced in this new economic order.
Cross cultural awareness and social justice in counseling
Born this way : real stories of growing up gay
Minorities in history
Increasing multicultural understanding
Little is known about low-income earners in the Swedish-speaking community in Finland, and particularly how this ethno-linguistic group positioned itself as compared with the Finnish speakers during the severe economic recession in the 1990s. Relating to the ethno-linguistic English-speaking minority in Quebec, we set out to study whether also Swedish speakers experienced a worsening of their economic position. Using register data from 1987-1999, we find that they did not, but rather improved their relative situation as compared with the Finnish speakers, although they on average had a higher propensity for being low-income earners also after the recession. In contrast to the situation in Quebec, no unfavourable language acts or educational reforms were imposed on the Swedish speakers during the study period. We see the results as reflecting a well-functioning welfare state, in which language acts and constitutional rights have worked to protect both ethno-linguistic groups.
Anti-discriminatory practice in counselling and psychotherapy
Intersectionality, sexuality and psychological therapies: working with lesbian, gay and bisexual diversity
Black feminist thought : knowledge, consciousness, and the politics of empowerment
Managing diversity and inclusion : an international perspective
Soviet Asian ethnic frontiers
Minority shareholders' rights
Ethnic sensitive substance abuse work : services for non-Finnish speaking clients in substance abuse treatment units in Finland today
The sociology of minority group relations
My way : a Muslim woman's journey
Vispārējā konvencija par nacionālo minoritāšu aizsardzību = Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities = Ramočnaâ konvenciâ o zaŝite nacional'nyh men'šistv
Racism without racists : color-blind racism and the persistence of racial inequality in the United States
Psychological testing of American minorities : issues and consequences
Complying with colonialism : gender, race and ethnicity in the Nordic region
Bring the noise : A guide to rap music and hip-hop culture
Social work, health, and international development : compassion in social policy and practice
Minority education and caste : the American system in cross-cultural perspective
Protection of minorities : special protective measures of an international character for ethnic, religious or linguistic groups
Social work and African-centred worldviews
The multicultural moment
Minority languages today : a selection from the papers read at the first International conference on minority languages held at Glasgow University from 8 to 13 September 1980
European yearbook of minority issues. Volume 6, 2006/07
The wisdom of Martin Luther King, Jr
The image of Finland as a culturally and ethnically homogeneous nation is erroneous. The country's "old minorities" include the Swedish-speakers, the indigenous Sami, and the Romani. Several smaller ethno-cultural and religious groups have resided in Finland since the nineteenth century. Increasing immigration is now further diversifying Finland. Many of the old and new minorities have clearly-defined regional hearths, as do many distinctive segments of the majority culture. This article provides an overview of Finland's three largest minorities, religions, foodways, the new immigration, and the recent English-language sources available on these topics. The discussion emphasizes the new understanding of the country's ethno-cultural make-up and political, legal, and social challenges that have followed the recent change.
The "Schleswig experience" : the national minorities in the Danish-German border area
Kurdish issue in Iran : journal of Ghasemlou Center for research and political development
Minority group politics : a reader
Perceived threat and prejudice towards immigrants and Russian minorities living in Finland
America's ethnic politics
Neoliberalism, pedagogy, and human development  : exploring time, mediation and collectivity in contemporary schools
Ethnic, racial and religious inequalities : the perils of subjectivity
Abstract:.
Making home rules for mother tongues : the legal implications of linguistic diversity in the design of autonomy regimes
Select papers presented at the international conference "De-territorialising Diversities: Literatures, Languages and Cultures of the Indigenous"; organised by Department of English, Maharaja Agrasen College; in February 2013.
Special education in minority communities
The state of minorities in Pakistan
The Kurds : a contemporary overview
Kulttuuritilasto 2007 = Cultural statistics 2007
Russian-speaking immigrant students in Finland : searching for the meaning of languages and cultures
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Northern Scandinavia : a multi-ethnic society seen from an ethnological point of view
The education of linguistic and cultural minorities in the OECD countries
Cultural diversity in Finland
Towards multiculturalism in Turkish public service broadcasting : the dilemma of Kurdish language and cultural diversity
Minority group threat, crime, and policing : social context and social control
Listening to grasshoppers : field notes on democracy
Minority languages in Scandinavia Britain and Ireland
Cross-cultural women scholars in academe : intergenerational voices
The Veps language in Russia : ELDIA case-specific report
Confronting the fortress : black and migrant women in the European Union : working papers
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Cultural diversity and integration in the Nordic welfare states : proceedings of the 12th Nordic Migration Conference 2003
Minority rights
The state of minority languages : international perspectives on survival and decline
Through the gate of Yunnan borderland : (ethnic minorities of southern China)
Report on a Workshop on the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Persons Belonging to National or Ethnic, Religious and Linguistic Minorities : Turku/Åbo, Finland, 7-8 May 1993.
National minorities : an international problem
Linguistic minorities in countries belonging to the European Community : summary report
Many voices, one vision : the right to communicate in practice
Language, migration and social inequalities : a critical sociolinguistic perspective on institutions and work
The bluest eye
Special measures for the protection of minorities
Publications of the Ombudsman for Minorities
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
Indigenous peoples, land-use conflicts, and economic development in circumpolar lands
New media and the implementation of instruments in support of minority rights related to media
How ethnic minority nursing students experience healthcare services in Finland : a qualitative descriptive study
Tiivistelmä: Ethnic Sensitive Substance Abuse Work, Services for Non-Finnish Speaking Clients in Substance Abuse Treatment Units in Finland Today.
Nations against the state : the new politics of nationalism in Quebec, Catalonia and Scotland
State and minorities : a symposium on national processes in Russia and Scandinavia, Ekaterinburg, March 1996
Ethnic pluralism
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
Why race and gender still matter : an intersectional approach
This article provides an overview of some sociocultural and demographic factors of language maintenance and shift among Hungarians in Finland and Sweden, predominately at the group level. Some of the factors described are: the historical background of Hungarian immigration, settlement patterns, demographic development, geographical areas, participation in Hungarian associations along with the attitudes of the majority group towards Hungarians and the Hungarian language. After this some data is presented about language choice, culture and identity of second-generation Hungarians. The article shows that Hungarians are not a single unified group in Sweden or Finland and both groups face factors that can support or hinder the preservation of the Hungarian language and culture. Swedish-Hungarians have a greater ability to preserve their Hungarianism as a group due to population size and concentration in certain areas, while Finnish-Hungarians can maintain their Hungarian identity due to their comparably high status in society and the positive attitudes of the Finnish majority.  .
Language, Culture, and Teaching : critical perspectives
Discrimination of sexual and gender minorities in sports and exercise
Ethno-linguistic Groups during an Economic Recession: Low-income Earners in the 1990s' Finland
Disability and discource analysis
Nationalities in China
The minority body : a theory of disability
Managing diversity in health care manual : proven tools and activities for leaders and trainers
The triple package : what really determines success
The experiences, knowledge and education of nurses and midwives about the rainbow-families in nursing practice
World parliament – fact or fiction? : on the feasibility of world parliamentary models
Ethnic identity and equality : varieties of experience in a Canadian city
Towards a monoethnic state : ethnic minorities in Poland from the end of the Second World War until the present
Dalits & women : quest for Humanity
The bilingual screen : ethnolinguistic identity and television viewing among three language minorities
Minority rules : the Miao and the feminine in China's cultural politics
A Muslim punk house in Buffalo, New York, inhabited by burqa-wearing riot grrrls, mohawked Sufis, straightedge Sunnis, Shi'a skinheads, Indonesian skaters, Sudanese rude boys, gay Muslims, drunk Muslims, and feminists. Their living room hosts parties and prayers, with a hole smashed in the wall to indicate the direction of Mecca. Their life together mixes sex, dope, and religion in roughly equal amounts, expressed in devotion to an Islamo-punk subculture, 'taqwacore,' named for taqwa, an Arabic term for consciousness of the divine.
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
Hungary's struggle to annihilate its national minorities : based on secret Hungarian documents
Culture, religion and patient care in a multi-ethnic society : a handbook for professionals
When identity becomes political : the Russophone population of Moldova in social media
Emperor far away : travels at the edge of China
Who needs languages? : micro and macro perspectives into language education policies : International Conference & 28th Summer School of Applied Language Studies, June 7-10, 2010, University of Jyväskylä, Finland
National minorities in Lithuania
The transformation of nationalism in Central and Eastern Europe : ideas and structures
Technicolor : race, technology, and everyday life
The Monguors of the Kansu-Tibetan border. Part II, Their religious life
Linguistic minorities and literacy : language policy issues in developing countries
The Finnish minority situation in Norway
Reading and writing from below : exploring the margins of modernity
Moninaisuus mielessä!  a guide about meeting diversity of sexual orientation and gender in the field of social work : report of making a product
Fundamentalism : ethnographies on minorities, discrimination and transnationalism
Museums and innovations
Are the Finns in Sweden an ethnic minority : Finnish parents talk about Finland and Sweden
Subject to display : reframing race in contemporary installation art
The twenty-first century and small peoples
Counseling the culturally diverse : theory and practice
Disordered world : setting a new course for the twenty-first century
Minority protection : standards and reality : implementation of Council of Europe standards in Slovakia, Romania and Bulgaria
Minorities in central and eastern Europe
Music in motion : diversity and dialogue in Europe : study in the frame of the "ExTra! Exchange Traditions" project
National minorities in Eastern Europe 1848-1945
Elizabeth Barnes argues compellingly that disability is primarily a social phenomenon- a way of being a minority, a way of facing social oppression, but not a way of being inherently or intrinsically worse off. This is how disability is understood in the Disability Rights and Disability Pride movements; but there is a massive disconnect with the way disability is typically viewed within analytic philosophy. The idea that disability is not inherently bad or sub-optimal is one that many philosophers treat with open skepticism, and sometimes even with scorn. The goal of this book is to articulate and defend a version of the view of disability that is common in the Disability Rights movement.
Towards openly multilingual policies and practices : assessing minority language maintenance across Europe
Interethnic affiliations and everyday demarcations of youth in Finland : empirical glances through multisited interviews and observations
Emergence of Romanies as a pan-European Minority in 1990 - through 2005
Persecution, protection and immutable identity : contextualising asylum claims based on sexual orientation in Canada and Finland
Taking care of the ancestral language : the language revitalisation of non-status Sámi in Finnish Sápmi
The international problem of national minorities
Ethnic minorities living in Romania
The future of cultural minorities
National minorities in Romania : change in Transylvania
Report on the case study on the Karelian language in Russia, conducted within the EU-FP7 research project ELDIA.
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
Pink tourism : holidays of gay men and lesbians
The development of minority rights in international human rights law : a threat for the nation-state?
Ethnic minorities
Language disabilities in cultural and linguistic diversity
"Political inequality is a major issue in American politics, with racial minorities and low-income voters receiving less favorable representation. Scholars argue that this political inequality stems largely from differences in political participation and that if all citizens participated equally we would achieve political equality. Daniel M. Butler shows that this common view is incorrect"--
Fleeing homophobia : sexual orientation, gender identity and asylum
Minority media in a new media landscape
Great Britain, British Jews and the international protection of Romanian Jews, 1900-1914 : a study of Jewish diplomacy and minority rights
In the company of women
Moninaisuus Mielessä! A Guide about Meeting Diversity of Sexual Orientation and Gender in the Field of Social Work : Report of Making a Product
Finnish ethnicity in the state of Virginia
Austere histories in European societies : social exclusion and the contest of colonial memories
Life and lifestyles
Long hidden : speculative fiction from the margins of history
Diversity and society : race, ethnicity, and gender
The Swedish speaking minority in Finland
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
British Muslims in print : discursive representations of a minority in news texts
Report about the case study on the Veps language in Russia, conducted within the EU-FP7 research project ELDIA.
De-territorialising diversities : literatures of the indigenous and marginalised
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
Representations of Finnishness in Sweden
Multicultural Australia : the Australian experience
Introduction to multicultural counseling for helping professionals
Northern Scandinavia - a multi-ethnic society : seen from an ethnological point of view
Historical minorities in Latvia
Questions and answers about China's minority nationalities
The city and the city
The political power of protest : minority activism and shifts in public policy
Mountain patterns : the survival of Nuosu culture in China
This book examines the growing interest in religion among academics, politicians, law and policy makers, and practitioners in the West, particularly in Britain and the European Union. Using an extensive body of research from a range of national and international sources, the authors challenge some of the most basic assumptions that underpin this. These include: the belief that religion is currently enjoying a global resurgence, while the process of secularization is declining; that discrimination and prejudice based on religion is so widespread in Western Europe that it is necessary to implement legal measures to protect against this; that religion is such a central component of minority ethnic identity as to justify the British Government's redefinition of ethnic groups as 'faith communities', and the French Government's reassertion of secularism. The authors analyse some of the reasons for the gap between belief (perception) and reality and assess some of the potential consequences for both minorities and majorities of what they term an 'ideology of inequality.
Minorities in Iran : nationalism and ethnicity after Khomeini
Education in the North : selected papers of the first international conference on Cross-cultural education in the circumpolar nations and related articles
Louis Riel : a comic-strip biography
China's forty millions : minority nationalities and national integration in the People's Republic of China
Sexual and gender minorities in worklife
Ethnic-sensitive social work practice ; Wynetta Devore, Elfriede G. Schlesinger
"Language Disabilities in Cultural and Linguistic Diversity" takes a critical perspective on traditional bio-cognitive-social approaches to language disabilities - specific language impairment, communication difficulties, dyslexia and deafness. A socio-cultural approach orientates a reinterpretation of research, educational practices and policies in assessment, teaching and intervention. A Vygotskian framework affords repositioning of assessment, learning and development for language disabilities as they are influenced and shaped by experiences of multilingualism, culture, ethnicity and race. The author, rather than present definitive answers, aims to offer new analyses and extend current understanding of linguistic phenomena fraught by dilemmas of disentangling diversity and disability. The volume serves as a source of reflection and inquiry for students, professionals and policy makers in education and health who are interested in disability and language disabilities in multilingual and multicultural contexts.
Triple border regions in Central Europe : the case of Hungary and its neighbours
The Hungarian Csángó of Moldova
From outreach to equity : innovative models of library policy and practice
The emperor far away : travels at the edge of China
Queer sites : gay urban histories since 1600
Xinjiang : China's Muslim borderland
This book investigates the maintenance of multilingualism and minority languages in 12 different minority communities across Europe, all of which are underrepresented in international minority language studies. The book presents a number of case studies covering a broad range of highly diverse minorities and languages with different historical and socio-political backgrounds. Despite current legislation and institutional and educational support, the authors surmise there is no guarantee for the maintenance of minority languages, suggesting changes in attitudes and language ideologies are the key to promoting true multilingualism. The book also introduces a new tool, the European Language Vitality Barometer, for assessing the maintenance of minority languages on the basis of survey data. The book is based on the European Language Diversity for All (ELDIA) research project which was funded by the European Commission (7th framework programme, 2010-2013).
Gaysia : adventures in the queer east
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Dismantling diasporas : rethinking the geographies of diasporic identity, connection and development
Our worlds in our words : exploring race, class, gender, and sexual orientation in multicultural classes
Internasjonalt rettsvern for urbefolkninger = International legal protection of indigenous peoples
Transboundary symbiosis over the Danube : EU integration between Slovakia and Hungary from a local border perspective
Common past, divided memories : historical memory of the Polish minority members in Lithuania
EMTEL II research (European media technology and everyday life network) : diasporic minorities and their media in the EU : a mapping
The politics of diversity in Europe
Study on the rights of persons belonging to ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities
In most Western developed countries, adult life is increasingly organized on the basis of short-term work contracts and reduced social security funds. In this context it seems that producing efficient job-seekers and employees becomes the main aim of educational programs for the next generation. Through case studies of young people from urban and countryside marginalized populations in Germany, USA and Brazil, this book investigates emerging educational practices and takes a critical stance towards what can be seen as neoliberal educational politics. It investigates how mediating devices such as CVs, school reports, school files, photos and narratives shape the ways in which those marginalized students reflect about their past as well as imagine their future. By building on process philosophy and time theory, post-structuralism, as well as on Vygotsky's psychological theory, the analysis differentiates between two discrete modes of human development: development of concrete skills (potential development) and development of new societal relations (virtual development, which is at the same time individual and collective). The book outlines an innovative relational account of learning and human development which can prove of particular importance for the education of marginalized students in today's globalized world.
The Routledge international companion to multicultural education
Summaries
International law and the rights of minorities
The cultural rights of the Swedish ethnic group in Finland
Governing indigeneity globally : indigenous peoples in the United Nations
Karelian in Russia : ELDIA case-specific report
Enterprising women : ethnicity, economy, and gender relations
Hvilken rolle har urbefolkningene i verden? = What is the role of the indigenous people in the world? = Mii lea álgoálbmogiid sadji máilmmis?
This volume is the first authoritative reference work to provide a truly comprehensive international description and analysis of multicultural education around the world.
Finland's Swedish speaking minority
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
The USSR : language and realities : nations, leader, and scholars
Completely updated,Counseling the Culturally Diverse: Theory and Practice, Sixth Edition is the most widely used and critically acclaimed text on multicultural counseling, offering students and professionals essential and thought-provoking material on the theory, research, and practice of multicultural counseling. The new edition presents the newest research in the field of multicultural counseling, as well as an expanded section on microaggressions. With its unique conceptual framework for multicultural therapy, this book remains the best source of real-world counseling preparation for students and the most enlightened, influential guide for professionals.
The jews in modern France
Nations without a state : ethnic minorities in Western Europe
On the ethics of minority protection
Abstract: Introduction  Migration to the Nordic country Finland has increased dramatically in the last 20 years. Statistics Finland projects for the next few decades the number of immigrants will remain above 27,000 people a year. Finland is predicted to have a labour shortage within the next 15 years, especially in the field of healthcare. The UN and WHO have recommended that nations keep their migrant policies in line with human rights. This includes access to health care. Finland follows these recommendations. The purpose of this project is to investigate and describe how ethnic minority nursing students in the capital area experience health care in Finland: using healthcare services themselves or accompanying a friend or family member, and providing healthcare as a student nurse in a clinical placement or working on a ward. This study is part of the Local & Global Development in Social & Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  Methods  This is a qualitative descriptive study. Six nursing students from a capital area Finnish University of Applied Sciences were interviewed. Topics were derived from the Papadopoulos, Tilki, Taylor model of cultural competence and formed into a tool to guide the interviews. The data from the interviews were categorized into themes using inductive content analysis.  Results  The findings showed that as a patient the participants had positive and negative experiences. Their general feeling about the Finnish healthcare system was positive. However, they all had negative experiences. Negative experiences occurred with healthcare professionals who were culturally incompetent. This affected the quality of care they received. Positive experiences resulted from interactions with culturally competent healthcare professionals. Most of their difficulties they faced were because of their use of English and lack of proficiency in Finnish. They experienced discrimination, stereotyping and ethnocentrism. Their experiences as students were a bit similar to their experiences as patients. These included incidents that happened to them and events they witnessed happening to other ethnic minority patients. The students as a whole gave a description of two nurse archetypes; the closed nurse and the open nurse. The participants were often challenged with nurses who were closed but they gravitated towards nurses who were open. The open nurses were friendly, encouraging, and happy to work with people from different cultures.  Conclusions  The results show ethnic minority nursing students are facing adversity because many Finnish healthcare workers are culturally incompetent. Finnish healthcare curriculums should be reviewed to see if there is enough multicultural education. More multicultural training is needed for healthcare professionals in the capital area of Finland. Models of cultural competence should be reviewed and incorporated into the Finnish nursing practice.
Arabic Script among China's Muslims: A Dongxiang folk story
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
Filling the frame : five years of monitoring the framework convention for the protection of national minorities : proceedings of the conference held in Strasbourg, 30-31 October 2003
Minorities research : a collection of studies by Hungarian authors
World minorities. Vol. 1
Aliens and alienists : ethnic minorities and psychiatry
Equality and diversity in social work practice
The rights of subordinated peoples
Race and ethnicity in modern Britain
"This book demonstrates the direct influence that political protest behavior has on Congress, the presidency, and the Supreme Court, illustrating that protest is a form of democratic responsiveness that government officials have used, and continue to draw on, to implement federal policies. Focusing on racial and ethnic minority concerns, this book shows that the context of political protest has served as a signal for political preferences. As pro-minority rights behavior grew and anti-minority rights actions declined, politicians learned from minority protest and responded when they felt emboldened by stronger informational cues stemming from citizens' behavior, a theory referred to as the "information continuum." Given the influence that minority protest actions have wielded over national government, the book offers a powerful implication. Although the shift from protest to politics as a political strategy has opened the door for institutionalized political opportunity, racial and ethnic minorities have neglected a powerful tool to illustrate the inequalities that exist in contemporary society"--
Minorities and criminality
glbtq - an encyclopedia of gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender & queer culture
Health promotion in multicultural populations : a handbook for practitioners and students
Assimilation and integration as alternative modes of adaptation for linguistic minorities
Representing the advantaged : how politicians reinforce inequality
National desecuritizations : perspectives on security, nationalism and national minorities
Malcinstvata na Balkanot = Minorities in the Balkans
The international protection of national minorities in Europe
Cultural minorities in Finland : an overview towards cultural policy
Ningxia : A Land blessed by teh Yellow river
Integrating a traditional minority into a Nordic society : elite discourse on the Finnish Roma
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
Minorities and mother country imagery
The finnicization of the Lapps : a case of acculturation
In the sea there are crocodiles : the story of Enaiatollah Akbari
The invisible opponent : a study about feelings of national belonging, Finnishness and immigration of second generation Finns in Sweden
Productive Trials: English and Finnish Legislation and Conceptualisations of Same-Sex Sexualities in Course of Trials of Oscar Wilde, Maud Allan, Raclyffe Hall and Herb Grove, from 1885 to 1957, 17-38.
Representations of Aboriginal Australians in the media : a critical discourse analysis of two newspapers
Threat or opportunity? acquisitions of minority shareholdings in the context of competition law, in light of the European Commission’s white paper: European Commission’s white paper: towards more effective EU merger control (COM (2014) 449 final)
Cultural competence in health education and health promotion
International perspectives on education and society
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
Islam, communism and modernity : muslim minorities in Eastern Europe after World War II
