http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p574 endocrinology
endocrinology
Yearbook of pediatric endocrinology 2014
Stress and fish
Diagnostics of endocrine function in children and adolescents
Mechanisms and causes of abnormal carbohydrate metabolism during experimental and natural infections
Environmental toxicology and risk assessment : standardization of biomarkers for endocrine disruption and environmental assessment : eighth volume
Anatomy, physiology and pathology : for complementary therapists: level 2 and 3
Manual of small animal endocrinology
McDonald's veterinary endodrinology and reproduction
Molecular and cellular exercise physiology
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts : Section 7: Endocrinology. Vol. 6, Adrenal gland
Clinical biochemistry : an illustrated colour text
Current opinion in endocrinology, diabetes and obesity
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 7, Endocrinology : vol. 4 : The pituitary gland and its neuroendocrine control, part 1
Endocrinology of calcium metabolism : proceedings... Vancouver, Canada, June 12-17, 1977
An introduction to general and comparative endocrinology
Summary.
"Established for more than thirty years as one of the world's most widely read gynecology texts, Clinical Gynecologic Endocrinology and Infertility is now in its Eighth Edition. In a clear, user-friendly style enhanced by abundant illustrations, algorithms, and tables, the book provides a complete explanation of the female endocrine system and its disorders and offers practical guidance on evaluation and treatment of female endocrine problems and infertility. Major sections cover reproductive physiology, clinical endocrinology, contraception and infertility. This edition has a modern full-color design." -- (Wolters Kluwer)
Hacker and Moore's essentials of obstetrics and gynecology
Functional avian endocrinology
"Researchers in the field of ecological genomics aim to determine how a genome or a population of genomes interacts with its environment across ecological and evolutionary timescales. Ecological genomics is trans-disciplinary by nature. Ecologists have turned to genomics to be able to elucidate the mechanistic bases of the biodiversity their research tries to understand. Genomicists have turned to ecology in order to better explain the functional cellular and molecular variation they observed in their model organisms. We provide an advanced-level book that covers this recent research and proposes future development for this field. A synthesis of the field of ecological genomics emerges from this volume. Ecological Genomics covers a wide array of organisms (microbes, plants and animals) in order to be able to identify central concepts that motivate and derive from recent investigations in different branches of the tree of life. Ecological Genomics covers 3 fields of research that have most benefited from the recent technological and conceptual developments in the field of ecological genomics: the study of life-history evolution and its impact of genome architectures; the study of the genomic bases of phenotypic plasticity and the study of the genomic bases of adaptation and speciation." -- (Back Cover)
Ecology, conservation, and management of grouse
Fish physiology. Vol. 13, Molecular endocrinology of fish
Fish physiology. 2, The ondocrine system
Canine and feline endocrinology and reproduction
An introduction to behavioral endocrinology
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 7, Endocrinology : vol. 4 : The pituitary gland and its neuroendocrine control, part 2
15th European Workshop on Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology of the Testis : 15th European Testis Workshop with NAFA Annual Meeting, Naantali, May 2nd-6th, 2008 Naantali, Finland : programme & miniposters
Principles and processes for evaluating endocrine disruption in wildlife
Veterinary endocrinology and reproduction
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 7, Endocrinology : vol. 1 : Endocrine pancreas
The endocrine system in sports and exercise
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts : Section 7: Endocrinology. Vol 7, Female reproductive system, part 2
The comparative endocrinology of the invertebrates
Primary hyperparathyroidism : aspects on skeletal involvement and PTH levels after surgery
Vander, Sherman, Luciano's human physiology : the mechanisms of body function
Summarizing current knowledge of grouse biology, this volume is organized in four sections--spatial ecology, habitat relationships, population biology, and conservation and management--and offers insights into spatial requirements, movements, and demography of grouse. Much of the research employs emerging tools in ecology that span biogeochemistry, molecular genetics, endocrinology, radio-telemetry, and remote sensing.--Adapted from publisher description on back cover.
Williams textbook of endocrinology
Sex hormones, exercise and women : scientific and clinical aspects
Regulation of male germ cell apoptosis : roles of sex steroids and the cellular death receptors Fas and TNFR1
Endocrine disrupting chemicals
Ecological genomics : ecology and the evolution of genes and genomes
A student's guide to laboratory experiments in general and comparative endocrinology
Laboratory animal endocrinology : hormonal action, control mechanisms and interactions with drugs
Insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in skeletal muscle during exercise : studies in different degrees of glucose tolerance
Applied animal endocrinology
Synthesis and secretion of the calcium regulating hormone stanniocalcin in teleost fish
Endocrine disrupters in wastewater and sludge treatment processes
General and comparative endocrinology
Trends in comparative endocrinology and neurobiology : from molecular to integrative biology
Comparative animal physiology. Vol. 2, Sensory, effector, and integrative physiology
Regulation of thyrotropin and prolactin secretion by opioids in the rat
GH deficiency, GH excess and pituitary adenomas
Basic endocrine pathology
Yen and Jaffe's reproductive endocrinology : physiology, pathophysiology, and clinical management
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts : Section 7: Endocrinology. Vol. 2, Female reproductive system, part 1
Endocrine diseases of the dog
Women's health and disease : gynecologic, endocrine, and reproductive issues
Clinical endocrinology of dogs and cats : an illustrated text
Fish physiology. 2, The endocrine system
Watson's medical-surgical nursing and related physiology
Abstract.
Endocrinology. Section 7, Parathyroid gland : Vol. 7
Histological analysis of endocrine disruptive effects in small laboratory fish
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 7, Endocrinology : vol. 3 : Thyroid
The human body in health and illness
Comparative biochemistry and physiology. C, Pharmacology toxicology and endocrinology
A textbook of comparative endocrinology
Adolescent gynecology and endocrinology : basic and clinical aspects
Yearbook of pediatric endocrinology 2013
Endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases : a compilation of paintings on the anatomy and pathophysiology
Clinical endocrinology of companion animals
Essential endocrinology and diabetes
Clinical gynecologic endocrinology and infertility
