http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5759 television (mass media)
television (mass media)
The evolution of American television
Television mythologies : stars, shows & signs
Becoming citizens in the age of television : how Americans challenged the media and seized political initiative during the Iran-contra debate
Experientializing – how C2C communication becomes part of the service experience : the case of live-tweeting and TV-viewing
Directing: the television commersial
Ricky, Rocky and Ringo on TV
The age of television
The fame game
Reported speech and talk dramatizations as means of humour in Late Night with Conan O'Brien
Reading television
Brad Schultz follows the process of news production from the creation of story ideas to presentation on air, in television radio & on the Internet. He also discusses issues facing producers, such as newsroom leadership, resource management & newsroom relationships.
Regulation, awareness, empowerment : young people and harmful media content in the digital age
No lifeguard on duty : the accidental life of the world's first supermodel
Love you to death : the unofficial companion to the Vampire Diaries, season 5
Television playout development towards flexible IT-based solutions
The main source : learning from television news
What ́s good on TV : understanding ethics through television
Translation of allusions in the animated cartoon The Simpsons
Media and knowledge : the role of television : papers from a Seminar at the University of Bergen, September 30 - October 1, 1995
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
Sounds like a fun party : the use and functions of verbal irony in the situation comedy Friends
This study explored the experiences and understanding of closed-circuit television among pupils and staff in three secondary schools in the Northwest of England. This case explores the research methodology which utilised semi-structured interviews, focus groups and observation. It focuses in particular on the difficulties of securing access to research sites and participants, in this case schools and young people, and the impact that this can have on research findings.
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
Topic-invoked participation frameworks in "talk"-discussion programs
The Third Reich's celluloid war : propaganda in nazi feature films, documentaries and television
The Star Trek encyclopedia : a reference guide to the future
Interpersonal conflict in television drama : content analysis of the intimate relationships on "Kotikatu"
House and philosophy : everybody lies
Inside Charlie's chocolate factory : the complete story of Willy Wonka, the golden ticket and Roald Dahl's most famous creation
South Park : the complete fifth season
A collection of essays about the author's experiences on the set of "Gilmore Girls" and her decision to reprise her role for Netflix's upcoming limited-series revival also shares insights into the realities of being an actress in Hollywood and New York.
Expanding video business models beyond television : case: Live Stream Finland
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
"Try again, fail better" : detecting the intersectionality of white female protagonist in Weeds
Eyes on you : a novel of suspense
I didn't come here to make friends : confessions of a reality show villain
Television & ethics : a bibliography
The screenwriter's handbook. 2009
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 1, osa 3
Introduction to media production : the path to digital media production
This text provides practical guidelines to those in the field of entertainment-education drama who want to sharpen their skills. It contains separate sections for various users - programme managers, writers, producers, directors and actors.
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Broadcast sponsorship; modifying brand image and expanding target audience through programme choice
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 4, osa 1
Television is the new television : the unexpected triumph of old media in the digital age
This revised edition provides a revealing examination of how the format of presenting politics on television has changed the way viewers act, vote, and feel about politics in the United States.
Digital futures for cultural and media studies
Studying audiences : the shock of the real
Television times : a reader
Bad wolf : [a novel]
The showrunners : a season inside the billion-dollar, death-defying, madcap world of televison's real stars
Live television : time, space and the broadcast event
Meta-analysis : effects of Sesame Street on children's learning in 15 countries
Government denies knowledge : representations of the United States government in the television series The X-Files
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 1, osa 1
FILM AND TELEVISION MAKEUP
Television drama : an introduction
A police closed-circuit television control room ethnography : exploring how gender stereotypes inform closed-circuit television operators' thoughts and actions
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
Seducing America : how television charms the modern voter
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
Analysis of the sponsoring impact on the mass media and local spectators: a case study of Caprabo Lleida Basketball
The universal eye : world television in the seventies
Writing and producing for television and film
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
A Japanese mirror : heroes and villains of Japanese culture
Learn English with Dora! : the Finnish version of Dora the Explorer as a way of teching English vocabulary
Small screens, big ideas : Television in the 1950's
Viewing violence : how media violence affects your child's and adolescent's development
Desperately seeking the audience
Television teaching today
Bridget Jones's diary
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 2, osa 4
Mapping the Somali media : an overview
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 2, osa 2
Music in television : channels of listening
Encyclopedia of television. Vol. 3, M-R
Sport beyond television : the internet, digital media and the rise of networked media sport
Television and political life : studies in six European countries
Inviting the audience : interactive, participatory, and social television in Finland 2004-2014
Staff members at Sesame Workshop asked us to conduct a meta-analysis of their proprietary evaluation research on the effects of viewing international versions of Sesame Street. We conducted a systematic search of online databases to look for any other relevant studies and ultimately analyzed a sample of 24 studies, conducted with over 10,000 children in 15 countries. This case study describes the process of defining the outer boundaries of the meta-analysis, developing the coding scheme, the challenges of coding the material reliably, the basic structure of the data set and analyses, and the challenges of communicating the results effectively both to academic and lay audiences.
Televersions : narrative structure in television
South Park : the complete third season
Psychology of the TV image
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 4, osa 2
Encyclopedia of television. Vol. 1, A-C
On the inside track to Loserville, USA : strategies used in translating humour in two Finnish versions of Reality bites
The Sopranos family cookbook
African American viewers and the black situation comedy : situating racial humor
Television and the public sphere : citizenship, democracy, and the media
Consuming television : television and its audience
Born a crime : and other stories
The bilingual screen : ethnolinguistic identity and television viewing among three language minorities
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
A national joke : popular comedy and English cultural identity
The screenwriter's handbook. 2010
The conqueror
Wham bam thank you glam
Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Defining a European Research Agenda on Information Systems and Management in eMedia Industries : Bled, Slovenia, 9th-13th June 2013
Video violence and children
Press directory Finland. 2006
The work provides an introduction to on-line and audience issues through the study of an Internet soap opera fan group composed largely of women. The author shows that women can build good on-line communities, whilst welcoming male participation.
Sound for film and television
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 1, osa 4
Television : technology and cultural form
Irish television drama : a society and its stories
Star Wars art : visions
What the **** is normal?!
Love you to death : the unofficial companion to the Vampire diaries
South Park : the complete sixth season
Cult TV : The essential critical guide
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 1, osa 2
Media Production : a Practical Guide to Radio and TV
A hard day's night : the aftermath of psychological trauma in Grey's Anatomy
Television and education in the United States
George Sprott 1894-1975 : A picture novella
World television : from global to local
Revealing the love, heartbreak, and reality behind reality television, a former "Bachelor" contestant who quickly became the biggest villain in the history of the show, dishes on her fellow contestants and what really happened on and off the cameras.
Promoting products with fear : positive emotional responses to fear appeals in promotional television advertising
In just a few years, what used to be an immobile piece of living room furniture, which one had to sit in front of at appointed times in order to watch sponsored programming on a finite number of channels, morphed into a glowing cloud of screens with access to a near-endless supply of content available when and how viewers want it. With this phenomenon now a common cultural theme, a writer of David Thomson's stature delivering a critical history, or biography of the six-decade television era, will be a significant event which could not be more timely. Over twenty-two thematically organized chapters, Thomson brings provocatively insightful and unique to the life of what was television
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
Media and identity in contemporary Europe : consequences of global convergence
In this accessible book, Stephanie Marriott engages in a close and detailed analysis of the nature of live television. She examines the transformations in our experience of time and space which are brought about by the capacity of broadcasting, to bring us the world in the moment in which it is unfolding.
Seriously...I'm kidding
Columbo : the complete fourth season
"Old ladies - they got a way of coming back and biting you in the ass" : the female character construction in Sons of Anarchy
NordMedia 2007 : 18th Nordic Concerence on Media and Communication Research, Helsinki, 16-19 August 2007
Television Production : Managing the Technology
When mum threw out the telly
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
How to understand the changes and challenges within the television industry in Finland
Appraisal in online reviews of South Park : a study of engagement resources used in online reviews
Infamous
Channels of discourse : television and contemporary criticism
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 2, osa 1
This thesis aims to explore business opportunities through discovering factors that are needed to be known to understand Korean sense of humor, Hae-Hak, in practice on external communication with advertisement. By focusing on the research on specific examples of Korean advertisements that Hae-Hak is used, this paper will help you to understand Korean sense of humor. Under the HURMOS Project, to discover the utility of humor in business life of South Korea, research has been done.
... and there was television
Humor in business : case analysis of South Korean humorous advertisements
Research on the range and quality of broadcasting services : a report for the Committee on Financing the BBC
More TV hits of the 90's
Joss Whedon : geek king of the universe : a biography
Viestintäpalveluiden esteettömyysindikaattorit = tillgänglighetsindikatorer för kommunikationstjänster = Accessibility Indicators in Communication Services
Hello darlin' : tall (and absolutely true) tales about my life
Television and radio
Sign off : the last days of television
Representing black Britain : a history of black and Asian images on British television
Constructing knowledge : epistemic practices in three television interview genres
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 3, osa 1
'Television across Europe' analyzes the factors which have shaped the development of television in the post-war period in Western Europe, and forecasts future issues.
Directing and producing for television : a format approach
Best of Marty!
The Monkees, memories and the magic
Television in politics : its uses and influence
New English words in Scrubs and their Finnish translations
Television and the family : a report on an enquiry
This case study focuses on an ethnography conducted in a police closed-circuit television control room, undertaken in order to explore the ways in which gender stereotypes inform the thoughts and actions of closed-circuit television control room operators and thus the co-constructions of crime/deviance and sex/gender that result. How access was negotiated, including discussion of both informal and formal routes, is described, as is the research field: the police closed-circuit television control room setting. The research itself is then presented.
Armchair nation : an intimate history of Britain in front of the TV
This book is open access under a CC-BY licence. Part of the AHRC/British Library Academic Book of the Future Project, this book interrogates current and emerging contexts of academic books from the perspectives of thirteen expert voices from the connected communities of publishing, academia, libraries, and bookselling.
Sorry not sorry : dreams, mistakes, and growing up
Easy as A, B, CCTV? using semi-structured interviews and focus groups in a case study on surveillance technologies in schools
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 3, osa 2
The master switch : the rise and fall of information empires
On the buses : the complete story
Television, sex roles and children : a developmental social psychological account
Service encounters in a British cooking show : aspects of organisation and discourse roles
The effects of television
The case for television violence
The influence of pay-to-view television on professional cricket : professional cricket player perceptions
The use of closed circuit television in higher education (humanities) : report of the European seminar held in Padua, Italy, in September 1968
Star Trek : the art of the film
Tune in, log on : soaps, fandom, and online community
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 3, osa 4
Teaching toward the 24th century : Star Trek as social curriculum
Television culture
An engaging and up-to-date look at television journalism examining the history, contemporary trends and future directions of the medium.
Talking as fast as I can : from Gilmore girls to Gilmore girls, and everything in between
Making sense of the senseless : the management of problematic questions in the Noriko Show
Children and television
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 3, osa 3
The psychology of music in multimedia
Mass media statistics
This volume offers the first critical history of black and Asian representation on British television from the earliest days of broadcasting to the present day.
Television : a biography
Seriously--I'm kidding
Rome : the complete collection
Digital video distribution in broadband, television, mobile and converged networks : trend, challenges and solutions
Television and the people : a programme for democratic participation
Television engineering : broadcast, cable and satellite. Part 1, Fundamentals
A supposedly fun thing I'll never do again : essays and arguments
The news where you are
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
Changing channels : television and the struggle for power in Russia
Transmedia storytelling and Lost path to success
Advertising to Children stimulates and informs the debate on the ethics and effectiveness of marketing to children. The research tackles a wide range of issues including smoking and alcohol consumption.
Designing a Booking System for Media Agency Use
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
Russians as presented in TV documentaries
This text takes the point that TV violence supports the social order by providing a safe outlet for aggressive impulses. Fowles challenges conventional wisdom by asking readers to think about their own viewing habits and those of their friends.
Understanding the global TV format
Encyclopedia of television. Vol. 4, S-Z
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
Terrestrial television : the next technology transition : working group Interim report
Writing for visual media
The Academic Book of the Future
Television across Europe
Rad robots : a celebration of awesome automations : the mad, bad and dangerous to know
All she wants
Television and Fertility
Bonner provides a distinctive angle on a key area of research and teaching across media and cultural studies - the content of television and the relations between television genres and audiences.
Buffy the vampire slayer and philosophy : fear and trembling in Sunnydale
The Television Handbook
Television and Censorship
Stories of Oprah : the Oprahfication of American culture
America through the eyes of China and India : television, identity and intercultural communication in a changing world
The representation of sexual signs in Chinese Durex TV commercial : a semiotic approach
Prime-time television : content and control
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 2, osa 3
Television studies : the basics
On television
Classic album collection
Modern television systems to HDTV and beyond
Ordinary television : analyzing popular TV
This assessment of the interdependence of television across cultures and nations brings together the most current research and theories on the subject. Drawing on quantitative and cultural studies perspectives, the book provides a model which attempts to move beyond the current controversies about dependency and globalisation.
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Importance of pre-production to the efficiency of a reality TV production : case Banijay Finland
The crisis of public communication
Television engineering : broadcast, cable and satellite. Part 2, Applications
Technology-driven industry restructure : the case of terrestrial televison broadcasting in Finland
Downton Abbey and philosophy : the truth is neither here nor there
Broadcast news producing
News as entertainment : the rise of global infotainment
You can't touch my hair and other things I still have to explain
Peter Dahlgren clarifies the underlying theoretical concepts of civil society and the public sphere, and relates these to a critical analysis of the practice of television as journalism, as information and as entertainment. He demonstrates the limits and the possibilities of the television medium and the formats of popular journalism. These issues are linked to the potential of the audience to interpret or resist messages, and to construct its own meanings.
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
Monty Python live!
Places of the imagination : media, tourism, culture
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to update television playout system. An Estonian television and radio network operator Levira playout centre needed expansion in infrastructure to be able to accommodate larger channel count. Renewals of media asset management and automation systems were also required to handle requirements of the larger channel count and to automate processes. Television playout systems and solutions are going through big changes. These changes reflect partially new developments in the whole broadcasting industry and the way people use video, as well as changes and development in other areas of technology, especially in IT. These changes do not come without challenges with new workflows and ways of operating. These projects were to be done not only for current needs but also to be ready for the coming years. This was taken into consideration on system design and planning as well as on choosing the partners for the projects. As a result of this study, an up to date playout centre was designed with flexible IT based solutions that are easy to update and customize for varying needs of different television channels. Playout centre has room to grow and it is ready for requirements of future without need for major changes in the system.
The life of Rylan
Raymond Williams on television : selected writings
Richly detailed and empirically grounded, this first book-length study of infotainment and its globalisation by a leading scholar of global communication, offers a comprehensive and critical analysis of this emerging phenomenon.
Advertising to children : concepts and controversies
The extension of television to Finnish Lapland : background and subdivisions of the research
Digital TV: fixed and mobile systems
