http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5756 food preservation
food preservation
Freezing and refrigerated storage in fisheries
Wrapped forages for horses
This manual provides information on freezing technology to preserve fruits and vegetables in small-scale operations. Practical examples demonstrating the application of the technology are given to provide a better understanding of the processes. Compared to other conventional methods used in the storage of fruits and vegetables, freezing is the most satisfactory method in terms of quality, process and overall cost. Currently, the frozen food market is one the largest sectors in the food industry. Industrialized countries dominate the trade in frozen food commodities, but developing countries can also develop their own frozen food industries. Introduction of adequate freezing technology is essential to meet the growing consumer demand for frozen foods in developing countries.
Jams & chutneys : preserving the harvest
Fish smoking and drying : the effect of smoking and drying on the nutritional properties of fish
Handling and preservation of fruits and vegetables by combined methods for rural areas : technical manual
Introduction to food engineering
"'The Art of Fermentation' is the most comprehensive guide to do-it-yourself home fermentation ever published. Sandor Katz presents the concepts and processes behind fermentation in ways that are simple enough to guide a reader through their first experience making sauerkraut or yogurt, and in-depth enough to provide greater understanding and insight for experienced practitioners. While Katz expertly contextualizes fermentation in terms of biological and cultural evolution, health and nutrition, and even economics, this is primarily a compendium of practical information--how the processes work; parameters for safety; techniques for effective preservation; troubleshooting; and more. With full-color illustrations and extended resources, this book provides essential wisdom for cooks, homesteaders, farmers, gleaners, foragers, and food lovers of any kind who want to develop a deeper understanding and appreciation for arguably the oldest form of food preservation, and part of the roots of culture itself. Readers will find detailed information on fermenting vegetables; sugars into alcohol (meads, wines, and ciders); sour tonic beverages; milk; grains and starchy tubers; beers (and other grain-based alcoholic beverages); beans; seeds; nuts; fish; meat; and eggs, as well as growing mold cultures, using fermentation in agriculture, art, and energy production, and considerations for commercial enterprises. Sandor Katz has introduced what will undoubtedly remain a classic in food literature, and is the first--and only--of its kind"--
Curing technology for cooked pig meat products : an update
Effect of lactic acid bacteria inoculants, formic acid, potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate on fermentation quality and aerobic stability of wilted grass silage
The effect of processing on the amino acid content in green cauliflower
Smoke in food processing
The art of fermentation : an in-depth exploration of essential concepts and processes from around the world
The book of preserves : jams, chutneys, pickles, jellies
Food preservation process design
Food and emergency food in the circumpolar area
Charcuterie : the craft of salting, smoking, and curing
Salting and ripening of herring : collection and analysis of research results and industrial experience within the Nordic countries
Thermoluminescence method for detection of irradiated food
The smoked and cured seafood guide
Forgotten ways for modern days : kitchen cures and household lore for a natural home and garden
Freezing of fruits and vegetables : an agribusiness alternative for rural and semi-rural areas
Evaluation of conditions for fermentation of fish offal
Mehu-Liisa : juice extractor & steam cooker cookbook
This study examined the changes in antagonistic activity of selected lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in response to technological factors used in food production. The antimicrobial activity of 12 selected LAB strains was assessed against the bacterial and fungal strains using the agar well diffusion method. Sodium chloride (NaCl) 6.5-8.0%, glucose 20-30% and pH 4.0, pH 8.0 and higher were the most crucial factors in reducing the spectra of the microorganisms antagonized. Heating at 80 °C or 100 °C had a greater negative impact than 63 °C on the antifungal activity of LAB. Freezing at -72 °C eliminated the antifungal activity, or it changed from fungicidal to fungistatic. Although each LAB demonstrated the ability to retain antimicrobial activity induced by various technological factors, Lactococcus lactis 768/5 was superior in retaining high antimicrobial activity against tested indicator strains.
The complete book of home freezing
Changes in antagonistic activity of lactic acid bacteria induced by their response to technological factors
Meat smoking and smokehouse design
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-seventh report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Food processing handbook
Art of preserving
Food engineering operations
Food and package engineering
Drying characteristics and kinetics of fluidized bed dried potato
Handbook of food preservation
Domestic preservation of fruit and vegetables
Proceedings of the XVI International Silage Conference : Hämeenlinna, Finland, 2-4 July 2012
Some aspects of food refrigeration and freezing
Journal of food processing and preservation
Food irradiation : a guidebook
Food industries manual
The history of food
Good Housekeeping New Step-by-step Cookbook
Foundations of food preparation
A combined infrared/heat pump drying technology applied to a rotary dryer
Pickled, potted and canned
About food preservation and refrigeration : Its relation to health
Recent developments in the field of nanotechnology have paved the way for lots of innovation in a number of industrial and consumer sectors, including food and food packaging. Whilst nanofood sector is a relatively new emergent, it is widely expected to grow rapidly in the future. A number of nano-sized additives and supplements for food and healthfood products, and nanotechnology derived food packaging materials, are already available in some countries, and their number is expected to increase in the coming years. Whilst such developments offer enormous benefits to the food sector, they have also raised a number of issues in relation to consumer safety, environmental impacts, and ethical, policy and regulatory aspects. Despite these rapid developments in nanotechnology applications for the food sector, only a few reports and articles are currently available that provide an account of the new developments and the current size of market for nanotechnology products and applications.  These also do not provide a critical evaluation of the broader aspects of the technology, such as issues around safety of the products to consumers and the environment, and adequacy of the existing regulatory controls. This book provides a source of much needed and up-to-date information on the products and applications of nanotechnology for the food sector - for scientists, regulators, and consumers alike. It also gives an independent, balanced, and impartial view of the potential benefits as well as risks that nanotechnology applications may bring to the food sector. Whilst providing an overview of the state-of-the-art and foreseeable applications to highlight opportunities for innovation, the book also discusses areas of uncertainty in relation to public perception of the new technological developments, and potential implications for consumer safety and current regulatory controls. The book also discusses the likely public perceptions of nanotechnologies in the light of past technological developments in the food sector, and how the new technology will possibly be regulated under the existing regulatory frameworks.
Food selection and preparation : a laboratory manual
Handbook of vegetable preservation and processing
Manual on simple methods of meat preservation
Fresh novel foods by high pressure, Helsinki, Finland, 21-22 September, 1998
Nanotechnologies in food
The kitchen ecosystem : integrating recipes to create delicious meals
Principles and practice of disinfection, preservation and sterilisation
The jam and marmalade bible : a complete guide to preserving
Life in the frozen state
Processing and quality of foods. Vol. 3, Chilled foods: the revolution in freshness
The urban homestead : your guide to self-sufficient living in the heart of the city
Preserved
Effect of processing and cooking on total and soluble oxalate content in frozen root vegetables prepared for consumption
A complete course in canning and related processes. 2, Packaging, aceptic processing, ingredients
Foundations of food preparations
The use of smoke flavourings for the processing of salmon has begun to substitute traditional smoking methods. This review examines the quality issues associated with salted salmon "smoked" by this technique along the salting and smoking steps. Firstly, the evidence is examined to determine whether dry or brine salting is better for salmon flesh destined to be treated by liquid smoking. Secondly, influence of liquid smoking on the sensorial, physicochemical and textural characteristics of the flesh are described, as are its effects on potential spoilage organisms.
The complete chile pepper book : a gardener's guide to choosing, growing, preserving and cooking
Canning, preserving and jelly making
The way we ate : Pacific Nortwest cooking, 1843-1900
Different formic acid levels in ensiling of whole crop barley and wheat
Effect of osmotic dehydration in fructose, sucrose and fructooligosaccharide solutions on the content of saccharides in plums and apples and their energy value
The frozen food cookbook and guide to home freezing
Preserving food without freezing or canning : traditional techniques using salt, oil, sugar, alcohol, vinegar, drying, cold storage and lactic fermentation
Effects of ingredients on phase and state transitions of frozen  wheat doughs
Pickles, relishes & preserves
The oxalate content of beetroot, carrot, celeriac and parsnip after freezing by traditional and modified methods (the latter resulting in a convenience food product), and after the preparation of frozen products for consumption was evaluated. The highest content of total and soluble oxalates (105 and 82 mg 100 g-1 fresh matter) was found in beetroot. The lowest proportion (55%) of soluble oxalates was noted in celeriac; this proportion was higher in the remaining vegetables, being broadly similar for each of them. Blanching brought about a significant decrease in total and soluble oxalates in fresh vegetables. Cooking resulted in a higher loss of oxalates. The level of oxalates in products prepared for consumption directly after freezing approximated that before freezing. Compared with the content before freezing, vegetables prepared for consumption by cooking after frozen storage contained less oxalates, except for total oxalates in parsnip and soluble oxalates in beetroot and celeriac. The highest ratio of oxalates to calcium was found in raw beetroot; it was two times lower in raw carrot; five times lower in raw celeriac; and eight times lower in raw parsnip. These ratios were lower after technological and culinary processing. The percentage of oxalate bound calcium depended on the species; this parameter was not significantly affected by the procedures applied. The true retention of oxalates according to Judprasong et al. (2006) was lower than retention calculated taking its content in 100 g fresh matter into account.
Modern food microbiology
Preserving
A passion for preserves
Energy efficiency in grain preservation
The superjam cookbook : over 75 recipes, from jams to jammy dodgers and marmalades to muffins
Chilled and frozen : guidelines on cook-chill and cook-freeze catering systems
Characteristics of dry- and brine-salted salmon later treated with liquid smoke flavouring
Hay and forage harvesting
Abstract.
The isolation and characterisation of a heterofermentative inoculant and its effect on silage quality and aerobic stability
Red hot chilli grower : the complete guide to planting, picking and preserving chillies
Food biodeterioration and preservation
Food processing technology : principles and practice
The chemical physics of food
Food conservation : [ethnological studies]
Food packaging and preservation
Country inspirations : a treasury of creative ideas, with timeless appeal
A greener life : a modern country compendium
Bacteria, yeasts and molds in the home
Principles of food preservation
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-eighth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Jams, chutneys and pickles
Preservation effects by lactic acid fermentation : a literature review
Essentials of food science
The Belfast cookery book
Food processing : principles and applications
Silage for fur animals : preservation efficiency of formic and benzoic acid in the ensiling of slaughterhouse by-products and their subsequent metabolism in farmed fur animals
Horta hunter's handbook : well-being and delicacies from edible wild plants
The new self-sufficient gardener
The self-sufficient life and how to live it : the complete back-to-basics guide
The perfect pickle book
A Tasty trip to Finland
Freezing and irradiation of fish
The preserving book
Food in jars : preserving in small batches year-round
Food microbiology : fundamentals and frontiers
Salt sugar smoke : how to preserve fruit, vegetables, meat and fish
Low sugar microwave bottling : natural fruit preserving in the microwave
Vegetable processing
Pickled & packed : recipes for artisanal pickles, preserves, relishes & cordials
Food microbiology
