http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5769 bishops
bishops
Episcopal culture in late Anglo-Saxon England
The man of Alaska, : Peter Trimble Rowe
An Anglophile among the Anglicans
Church and reform : bishops, theologians, and canon lawyers in the thought of Pierre d'Ailly (1351-1420)
English episcopal acta. 11, Exeter 1046-1184
Lives of eminent Russian prelates: I. Nikon, sixth Patriarch of Moscow, II. Saint Demetrius, Metropolitan of Rostoff, III: Michael, Metropolitan of Novgorod and Saint Petersburg
A sacred kingdom : bishops and the rise of Frankish kingship, 300-850
Here I stand : my struggle for a Christianity of integrity, love, and equality
Difficult gospel : the theology of Rowan Williams
Archbishops Ralph d'Escures, William of Corbeil, and Theobald of Bec : heirs of Anselm and ancestors of Becket
Bishops, wives and children : spiritual capital across the generations
This book is the first monograph devoted to the life, work, and thought of Palladius of Helenopolis (ca. 362-420), an important witness of Christianity in late antiquity. Palladius' Dialogue on the Life of St. John Chrysostom and his Lausiac History are key sources for our knowledge of John Chrysostom's downfall and of the Origenist controversy, and they both provide rich information concerning many notable ecclesiastical personalities such as John Chrysostom, Theophilus of Alexandria, Jerome, Evagrius of Pontus, Melania the Elder, Isidore of Alexandria, and the Tall Brothers. Demetrios S. Katos employs late antique theories of judicial rhetoric and argumentation, theories whose significance is only now becoming apparent to late antique scholars, to elicit new insights from the Dialogue regarding the controversy that resulted in the death of John Chrysostom. He also demonstrates that the Lausiac History deliberately promoted to the imperial court of Pulcheria a spiritual theology that was indebted to his guide Evagrius and more broadly to the legacy of Origen, despite Jerome's recent attacks against both. Palladius emerges from this account not merely as a peripatetic monk, his own preferred self-portrait that has prevailed in most modern accounts, but as an ecclesiastical statesman who passionately supported both the causes and ideas of his associates in the most pressing controversies of his day. The study will also be valuable for scholars of late antiquity working in the areas of asceticism, spirituality, pilgrimage, hagiography, and early Christian constructions of gender, for all of which Palladius' works are important sources.
The night sessions
The trial of Walter Langton, Bishop of Lichfield, 1307-1312
The prayers of Sarapion of Thmuis : a literary, liturgical , and theological analysis
Rowan Williams : an introduction
Theodoret's people : social networks and religious conflict in late Roman Syria
Reconciliation and hope : sermons, lectures and meditations from the nineties
The bishop's palace : architecture and authority in medieval Italy
English episcopal acta. 16, Coventry and Lichfield 1160-1182
The correspondence of Leo, Metropolitan of Synada and Syncellus
Patterns of episcopal power : bishops in tenth and eleventh century western Europe = Strukturen bischöflicher Herrschaftsgewalt im westlichen Europa des 10. und 11. Jahrhunderts
The training of an elite group: English bishops in the fifteenth century
Dan T. Muse: from printer's Devil to bishop
English episcopal acta. 19, Salisbury 1217-1228
The history of the Franks
From apostles to bishops : the development of the episcopacy in the early church
The world of Gregory of Tours
English episcopal acta. 14, Coventry and Lichfield 1072-1159
Bishops and power in early modern England
Towards the common good : statement on the future of the welfare society by the bishops of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
Archbishop Absalon of Lund and his world
Bishop lists : formation of apostolic succession of bishops in ecclesiastical crises
The wisdom of St. Isaac of Nineveh
Palladius of Helenopolis : the origenist advocate
The essential Augustine
The reform of the Frankish church : Chrodegang of Metz and the Regula canonicorum in the eighth century
A bishop's tale : Mathias Hovius among his flock in seventeenth-century Flanders
The Porvoo Common Statement : conversations between the British and Irish Anglican Churches and the Nordic and Baltic Lutheran Churches : text agreed at the fourth plenary meeting, held at Järvenpää, Finland, 9-13 October 1992.
Bischofsmord im Mittelalter = Murder of bishops
English episcopal acta. 13, Worcester 1218-1268
Cristobal Rojas y Spinola, cameralist and irenicist, 1626-1695
The priest of Paraguay : Fernando Lugo and the making of a nation
Bishops, texts and the use of canon law around 1100 : essays in honour of Martin Brett
Where troubadours were bishops : the Occitania of Folc of Marseille (1150-1231)
Quodvultdeus of Carthage : the apocalyptic theology of a Roman African in exile
The deeds of the bishops of England = : Gesta pontificum Anglorum
In medieval Europe, the death of a king could not only cause a dispute about the succession, but also a severe crisis. In times of a vacant throne particular responsibility fell to the bishops - whose general importance for the time around the first milennium has been revealed by recent scholarship - as royal counsellors and policy makers. This volume therefore concentrates on the bishops' room for manoeuvre and the patterns of episcopal power, focusing on the Eastern Frankish Reich and Anglo-Saxon England in a comparative approach which is not least based upon the research of a renowned medievalist, Timothy Reuter. His article about "A Europe of Bishops" ("Ein Europa der Bischofe") is presented in English translation for the first time.
Canon law, careers and conquest : episcopal elections in Normandy and Greater Anjou, c.1140-c.1230
Piispa Henrikin surmavirsi : Suomalaisen kirjallisuuden seuran kansanrunousarkiston vanhin käsikirjoitus  = The ballad of the death of Bishop Henry: the oldest manuscript in the Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society
Cuthbert Tunstal : churchman, scholar, statesman, administrator
The life of Reginald Heber, lord bishop of Calcutta : with selections from his correspondence, unpublished poems, and private papers; together with a journal of his tour in Norway, Sweden, Russia, Hungary and Germany, and a history of the Cossaks. Vol. 2
Sheds light on religious clashes of the mid-fifth century regarding the nature (or natures) of Christ. This title focuses on Theodoret, bishop of Cyrrhus, his Syrian allies, and his opponents, led by Alexandrian bishops Cyril and Dioscorus. It examines council transcripts, correspondence, and other records of communication.
Denial and repression of anti-semitism : post-communist remembrance of the Serbian Bishop Nikolaj Velimirović
The role of the bishops in the Livonian political system (in the first half of the 16th century)
The original bishops : office and order in the first Christian communities
The Clement Bible at the medieval courts of Naples and Avignon : a story of papal power, royal prestige, and patronage
Apostolicity and succession
Death comes to Lynchester Close
This “Giertz reader” is the most comprehensive volume ever published on Bo Giertz (1905-1998) in the world's language. The American Giertz revolution which began shortly before his centennial, continues with an increasing number of works by and about Giertz being made available in English. Indeed, had he written and worked primarily in English, and not in Swedish, the bishop would have long ago taken his rightful place alongside such 20th century luminaries as C.S. Lewis and Dietrich Bonhoeffer. Through essays by such scholars as Robert Kolb, Gene Veith, Hans Andræ, Eric Andræ, Bror Erickson, Alex Klages, Charles Henrickson, Naomichi Masaki, and John Pless, as well as original translations from Giertz's work, this volume is the leading U.S. contribution in giving his life and theology the hearing it demands. This book is an indispensable aid to those who wish to dig deeper into his confession and understand the faith of the author of the acclaimed and beloved The Hammer of God, which this year and with this anthology celebrates the 50th anniversary of the novel's first English edition.
Partnership and power : report on leadership and management training workshop
A breath of God : portrait of a prelate : a biography of Archbishop Iakovos
This holy man : impressions of Metropolitan Anthony
Morality and reality : the life and times of Andrei Sheptyts'kyi
Kings, bishops, nobles and burghers in medieval Hungary
This study provides a fresh analysis of the ancient evidence and the modern scholarship on Quodvultdeus, the bishop of Carthage who was exiled by the Vandals in AD 439. It highlights his apocalyptic theology, showing how he selectively appropriates the eschatological thought of previous Christian authors such as Jerome and Orosius. Particular attention is paid to Augustine's influence on Quodvultdeus in order to draw out the independence of the latter's thought.
The Chrodegang rules : the rules for the common life of the secular clergy from the eighth and ninth centuries
Working with the Spirit : choosing diocesan bishops : A review of the operation of the Crown Appointments Commission and related matters
The use of the indefinte pronous meaning 'all', 'each' 'any', and 'some' in Bishop Waerferth's translation of The Dialogues of Gregorius the Great
Michael Ramsey : a life
Confessions
Unshakeable friend : George Bell and the German churches
Eusebius of Emesa : church and theology in the mid-fourth century
Episcopal appointments in England, c. 1214-1344 : from episcopal election to papal provison
The Abbé Grégoire and the French Revolution : the making of modern universalism
Revealing Rowan
Acta et documenta Synodi Nationalis Dordrechtanae (1618-1619). Vol. 1, Acta of the Synod of Dordt
Episcopal ministry : the report of the archibishops' groupe on the episcopate
Gesta pontificum Anglorum = The history of the English bishops
Iōannēs Apokaukos : sumbolē stēn ereuna tou biou kai tou suggrafikou ergou tou = Ioannis Apocaucos a contribution to the study of his life and work
Eucharist, bishop, church : the unity of the church in the divine Eucharist and the bishop during the first three centuries
The orthodox understanding of the ministry
Extracts from the ecclesiastical history of John bishop of Ephesus
Presenting an account of the fourteenth-century illustrated Bible of Clement VII, an opposition pope in Avignon from 1378-94, this title traces the Bible's production in Naples (c 1330) through its changing ownership and meaning in Avignon (c 1340-1405) to its presentation as a gift to Alfonso, King of Aragon (c 1424).
Bishops, politics and anti-clericalism in nineteenth century England and Sweden : an analysis of the debate on the political role of the Anglican bishops during the 1830s Parliamentary reform debate in comparison to Sweden
In search of the Via media between Christ and Marx : a study of Bishop Ding Guangxun's
The Episcopacy of American Methodism
Robert Grosseteste, scholar and bishop : essays in commemoration of the seventh centenary of his death
Pauline Allen and Bronwen Neil investigate crisis management as conducted by the increasingly important episcopal class in the 5th and 6th centuries. Their basic source is the neglected corpus of bishops' letters in Greek and Latin, the letter being the most significant mode of communication and information-transfer in the period from 410 to 590 CE.
Orthodoxia : 2012-2013
The consumer society as an ethical challenge : report for the Norvegian Bishops' Conference 1992.
Piispa Henrikin surmavirsi : Suomalaisen kirjallisuuden seuran kansanrunousarkiston vanhin käsikirjoitus : The oldest manuscript in the Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society = The ballad of the death of Bishop Henry
Augustine of Hippo : a biography
Crisis management in late antiquity (410-590 CE) : a survey of the evidence from episcopal letters
Holy bishops in late antiquity : the nature of Christian leadership in an age of transition
Episkopé and Episcopacy and the quest for visible unity : two consultations
Reconciliation : the Ubuntu theology of Desmond Tutu
The martyrdom of bishop Platon
Magnus Felix Ennodius : a gentleman of the church
Fathers of the church in Latin America
The blessed surgeon : the life of Saint Luke, Archbishop of Simferopol
Piispa Henrikin surmavirsi : Suomalaisen kirjallisuuden seuran kansanrunousarkiston vanhin käsikirjoitus : the oldest manuscript in the Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society = The ballad of the death of Bishop Henry
Report of the Archbishops of Canterbury's Commission on Communion and Women in the Episcopate. Part 2, October 1989 and March 1990
World Lutheranism of today : a tribute to Anders Nygren 15 November 1950 = Welt-Luthertum von heute : Anders Nygren gewidmet 15. November 1950
The office of bishop : report of the Official Working Group for Dialogue between the Church of Sweden and the Roman Catholic Diocese of Stockholm
Ignatius of Antioch : a martyr bishop and the origin of episcopacy
Bishops, politics and anti-clericalism in nineteenth century England and Sweden : an analysis of the debate on the political role of the Anglican bishops during the 1830s parliamentary reform debate in comparison to Sweden
Photian studies
The theology of John Fisher
The four authentic letters of Ignatius, the martyr
The art of political murder : who killed Bishop Gerardi?
English episcopal acta. 15, London 1076-1187
Clerics and clansmen : the Diocese of Argyll between the twelfth and sixteenth centuries
English episcopal acta. 12, Exeter 1186-1257
The bishop's man  : a novel
The Bishop in liturgy : an Anglican symposium on the role and task of the bishop in the field of liturgy
Baptism, church and ecumenism : collected essays : gesammelte Aufsätze
Episcopal power and ecclesiastical reform in the German Empire : tithes, lordship and community, 950-1150
A bishop and his world before the Gregorian reform : Hubert of Angers, 1006-1047
The role of the bishop in late antiquity : conflict and compromise
Richard FitzRalph : his life, times and thought
English episcopal acta. 18, Salisbury 1078-1217
John Charles McQuaid : ruler of Catholic Ireland
The lives of Thomas Becket
No future without forgiveness
Living the Liturgy : a practical guide for participating in the Divine Liturgy of the Eastern Orthodox Church
Issues in human sexuality
Ian Ramsey, bishop of Durham : a memoir
The articles included in this collection are the fruit of a major conference held at the National University of Ireland, Maynooth on the occasion of the 650th anniversary of the death of Richard FitzRalph. The book is divided into three sections that consider FitzRalph's career at Oxford and at Avignon, as well as tracing the reputation and influence of this 14th-century theologian. Chapters include: FitzRalph on the Eucharist * The Influence on FitzRalph of Bishop Grandisson of Exeter * FitzRalph and Adam Wodeham on Beatific Enjoyment * Adam Wodeham and Robert Holcot as Witnesses to FitzRalph's Thought * The Rhetoric of the Defensio * FitzRalph and the Afterlife * FitzRalph and John Wycliff * FitzRalph on the Filioque before and after His Conversations with Barlaam the Calabrian * FitzRalph and John Foxholes OFM * De Vitoria on FitzRalph.
Noble lord, good shepherd : episcopal power and piety in Aquitaine, 877-1050
A hammer for God : Bo Giertz : lectures from the centennial symposia, and selected essays by the bishop
Report of the Archbishop of Canterbury's Commission on Communion and Women in the Episcopate. [Part 1], 1989
Sidonius Apollinaris and the fall of Rome, AD 407-485
Thomas Arundel : a study of church life in the reign of Richard II
Piispa Henrikin surmavirsi = The ballad of the death of bishop Henry
A handbook of Latin literature : from the earliest times to the death of St. Augustine
Magisterium : teaching authority in the Catholic church
English episcopal acta. 17, Coventry and Lichfield 1183-1208
The thorn birds
Athenæ oxonienses : an exact history of all the writers and bishops who have had their education in the most ancient and famous University of Oxford, from the fifteenth year of King Henry the Seventh, Dom. 1500, to the end of the year 1690 ; representing the birth, fortune, preferment, and death of all those authors and prelates, the great accidents of their lives, and the fate and character of their writings ; to which are added, the Fasti, or annals, of the said University, for the same time
