http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5766 pragmatism
pragmatism
Rationality and modernity : essays in philosophical pragmatics
Dewey and his critics : essays from The Journal of Philosophy
Frank Ramsey : truth and success
Methodology without metaphysics? : a pragmatic critique
Classical pragmatism on mind and rationality : as discussed by Erkki Kilpinen in The Enormous Fly-Wheel of Society: Pragmatism's Habitual Conception of Action and Social Theory
The pragmatism reader : from Peirce through the present
Peirce's diagrammatic logic in IF perspective
Realism, science, and pragmatism
Cheryl Misak presents a history of the great American philosophical tradition of pragmatism, from its inception in the 1870s to the present day. She traces the connections between classical American pragmatism and contemporary analytic philosophy, and draws out the continuing influence of pragmatist ideas in the recent history of philosophy.
John Dewey : the essential writings
Davidson's theory of truth and its implications for Rorty's pragmatism
Philosophy as cultural politics
Transforming postliberal theology : George Lindbeck, pragmatism and scripture
Pragmatism : a contemporary reader
The growing literature on Environmental Ethics has ballooned into a separate sub-field within philosophy, involving ethical studies concerning the value of other species, of ecosystems, and of the environment of all living things as a whole. Some consider Environmental Ethics to be a revolution in ethics which will completely change the human-centered orientation of morals and reorient it to include all species, ecosystems or the larger biosphere. This volume explores pragmatist approaches to ethics that can be used for environmental issues. Pragmatism may provide both a more defensible theory.
Pragmatism : a new name for some old ways of thinking : four related essays selected from The meaning of truth
The Chicago pragmatists
William James and a science of religions : reexperiencing The varieties of religious experience
Pragmatism. Vol. 1, The historical development of pragmatism
Does pragmatism imply institutionalism?
Comments on Hookway, "The pragmatic maxim and the proof of pragmatism (2). after 1903"
The continuing relevance of John Dewey : reflections on aesthetics, morality, science, and society
Transforming experience : John Dewey's cultural instrumentalism
On Rorty
Aesthetics of movement and everyday aesthetics
The revival of pragmatism : new essays on social thought, law, and culture
Levinas and James : toward a pragmatic phenomenology
Deconstruction and pragmatism
Nature and vakues : pragmatic essays in metaphysics
The alienation of reason : a history of positivist thought
The American pragmatists : selected writings
Movements of thought in the nineteenth century
The Continuum companion to pragmatism
Peirce's place in the pragmatist tradition
Pragmatism and american personalism : problems in perspectival metaphysics
Consequences of pragmatism : (essays 1972-1980)
How minds understand their world : remarks on John McDowell's naturalism, kantianism, and pragmatism
Pragmatism : a new name for some old ways of thinking : a series of lectures
Pragmatism and education
Realistic socio-legal theory : pragmatism and a social theory of law
The Cambridge companion to pragmatism
Chance, love, and logic : philosophical essays
Take care of freedom and truth will take care of itself : interviews with Richard Rorty
Reconstruction in philosophy
Pragmatism and social theory
Aesthetic experience: A problem in praxialism : On the notion of aesthetic experience
Pragmatism, feminism and democracy : rethinking the politics of American history
The truth is what works : William James, pragmatism, and the seed of death
Pragmatism : the classic writings
The varieties of transcendence : pragmatism and the theory of religion
Naturalizing the transcendental : a pragmatic view
Pragmatism and environmentalism
William James and the transatlantic conversation : pragmatism, pluralism, and philosophy of religion
The pragmatics of intercultural and international communication : selected papers of the International Pragmatics Conference, Antwerp, August 17-22, 1987. Volume 3, and the Ghent Symposium on Intercultural Communication
Challenges the notion that pragmatism fell into a midcentury decline and was dormant until the advent of 'neopragmatism' in the 1980s. This title reveals an influential tradition running unbroken through twentieth-century philosophy and continuing today.
Pragmatism : a new name for some old ways of thinking
Relevance theory through pragmatic theories of meaning
Pragmatism and naturalized transcendental subjectivity
The pragmatics of making it explicit
Power and progress : international politics in transition
John Dewey and environmental philosophy
Reason, truth, and theology in a pragmatist perspective
Rorty's humanistic pragmatism : philosophy democratized
The place of logic in pragmatism
Pragmatism and realism. Frederick L. Will
Prospects for pragmatism : essays in memory of F. P. Ramsey
Peirce's account of purposefulness : a Kantian perspective
William James on ethics and faith
Emma Borg examines the relation between semantics (roughly, features of the literal meaning of linguistic items) and pragmatics (features emerging from the context within which such items are being used), and assesses recent answers to the fundamental questions of how and where to draw the divide between the two. In particular, she offers a defence of what is commonly known as 'minimal semantics'. Minimal semantics, as the name suggests, wants to offer a minimal account of the interrelation between semantics and pragmatics. Specifically, it holds that while context can affect literal semantic content in the case of genuine (i.e. lexically or syntactically marked) context-sensitive expressions, this is the limit of pragmatic input to semantic content. On all other occasions where context of utterance appears to affect content, the minimalist claims that what it affects is not literal, semantic content but what the speaker conveys by the use of this literal content--it affects what a speaker says but not what a sentence means. As Borg makes clear, the minimalist must allow some contextual influence on semantic content, but her claim is that this influence can be limited to 'tame' pragmatics--the kind of rule-governed appeals to context which won't scare formally minded horses. 'Pursuing Meaning' aims to make good on this claim. The book also contains an overview of all the main positions in the area, clarification of its often complex terminology, and an exploration of key themes such as word meaning, mindreading, and the relationship between semantics and psychology.
Pragmatic liberalism
Pragmatism and American culture
Pragmatism, art, and the real world
William James on religion
Mind, language, and metaphilosophy : early philosophical papers
Peirce vs. James : Susan Haack on old and new pragmatism
Naturalism and pragmatism
Philosophy of education (problems of men)
Educational perspectives on recognition theory
"'Naturalism and Pragmatism' offers reflections on the pragmatic tradition from a fresh perspective: that of a working neuroscientist. Though naturalism and evolution are not the only topics of discussions, they are important themes of the book. Both pragmatism and modern behavioral science grew up in the wake of Darwin's theory of evolution. Indeed it is impossible to imagine either without evolutionary theory and the more general nineteenth-century trend of naturalism from which modern evolutionary theory emerged. And yet, for a variety of reasons, these common origins have not ensured a close affinity between pragmatic philosophy and the behavioral sciences. Among the wide diversity of scientific theories of human cognition and its form, which embraces the full range of human experience. Thus this book presents not only a scientist's take on the pragmatic tradition, but also a pragmatist's take on the evolution of the human problem solving"--Publisher's description, back cover.
Pragmatism : critical concepts in philosophy. 3
Values in a universe of change : selected writings of the Charles S. Peirce (1839-1914)
Pragmatism, neo-pragmatism, and religion : conversations with Richard Rorty
Charles Sanders Peirce in his own words : 100 years of semiotics, communcation
Richard Rorty : prophet and poet of the new pragmatism
Toward a systematic pragmatics
Proceedings of the C. S. Peirce bicentennial international congress [Amsterdam, The Hague, and Utrecht, The Netherlands, 26-28 June 1976]
On interpretative activity : a Peircian approach to the interpretation of science, technology, and the arts
Pragmatism and reference
Genealogical pragmatism : philosophy, experience, and community
Meaning and action : a critical history of pragmatism
Pragmatism : critical concepts in philosophy. 4
Pragmatism old & new : selected writings
Pragmatism established a philosophical presence over a century ago through the work of Charles Peirce, William James and John Dewey, and has enjoyed an unprecedented revival in recent years owing to the pioneering efforts of Richard Rorty and Hilary Putnam. The essays in this volume explore the history and themes of classic pragmatism, discuss the revival of pragmatism and show how it engages with a range of areas of inquiry including politics, law, education, aesthetics, religion and feminism. Together they provide readers with an overview of the richness and vitality of pragmatist thinking and the influence that it continues to exert both in philosophy and other disciplines. The volume will be of interest to students and scholars of pragmatism, American philosophy and political theory.
Logic : the theory of inquiry
A pragmatist's progress? : Richard Rorty and American intellectual history
Pragmatist aesthetics : living beauty rethinking art
A pragmatic realist view of emergence
Richard Rorty
Experience and value : essays on John Dewey and pragmatic naturalism
Contemporary pragmatism Vol. 4, Issue 1
Peirce and contemporary thought : philosophical inquiries
Pragmatism considers phenomenology
Emergence theories and pragmatic realism
Renascent pragmatism : studies in law and social science
Mind in action : experience and embodied cognition in pragmatism
Wittgenstein and William James
Pragmatism as a principle and method of right thinking
Davidson on Rorty's postmetaphysical critique of intentionalism
Surrogates
Making morality : pragmatist reconstruction in ethical theory
On Dewey : the reconstruction of philosophy
The essential Dewey. Vol. 1 : Pragmatism, education, democracy
From habits to social structures : pragmatism and contemporary social theory
Believing and acting : the pragmatic turn in comparative religion and ethics
The American pragmatists
Richard Rorty : critical dialogues
The unity of knowledge and action : toward a nonrepresentational theory of knowledge
Pragmatism and political theory
Ethics in technology : a philosophical study
Philosophy bites back
A companion to pragmatism
Pragmatism in philosophical inquiry : theoretical considerations and case studies
Criticism and social change
Pragmatism. Vol. 2, The revival of pragmatism
Pragmatism : an annotated bibliography 1898-1940
The many faces of religious truth : Hilary Putnam's pragmatic pluralism on religion
Reasons, patterns, and cooperation
The persistence of reality. 1, Pragmatism without foundations : reconciling realism and relativism
The philosophy of Charles S. Peirce : a critical introduction
The Routledge companion to nineteenth century philosophy
Logic, meaning, and conversation : semantical underdeterminacy, implicature, and their interface
Understanding empiricism
John Dewey reconsidered
The new pragmatism
Richard Rorty's new pragmatism : neither liberal nor free
Puritans and pragmatists : eight eminent American thinkers
Peirce's theory of signs as foundation for pragmatism
Realism and pragmatic epistemology
Realistic pragmatism : an introduction to pragmatic philosophy
On Peirce
Historical biblical archaeology and the future : the new pragmatism
The nineteenth century is a period of stunning philosophical originality, characterised by radical engagement with the emerging human sciences. Often overshadowed by twentieth century philosophy which sought to reject some of its central tenets, the philosophers of the nineteenth century have re-emerged as profoundly important figures. The Routledge Companion to Nineteenth Century Philosophy is an outstanding survey and assessment of the century as a whole. Divided into seven parts and including thirty chapters written by leading international scholars, the Companion examines and assesses the central topics, themes, and philosophers of the nineteenth century, presenting the first comprehensive picture of the period in a single volume: * German Idealism * philosophy as political action, including young Hegelians, Marx and Tocqueville * philosophy and subjectivity, including Schopenhauer, Kierkegaard and Nietzsche * scientific naturalism, including Darwinism, philosophy of race, experimental psychology and Neo-Kantianism * utilitarianism and British Idealism * American Idealism and Pragmatism * new directions in Mind and Logic, including Brentano, Frege and Husserl. The Routledge Companion to Nineteenth Century Philosophy is essential reading for students of philosophy, and for anyone interested in this period in related disciplines such as politics, history, literature and religion.
Preludes to pragmatism : toward a reconstruction of philosophy
Perspectives on pragmatism : classical, recent, and contemporary
Pure pragmatics and possible worlds : the early essays of Wilfrid Sellars
The meaning of truth : a sequel to pragmatism
Praxiology and pragmatism
In a shade of blue : pragmatism and the politics of Black America
The critical pragmatism of Alain Locke : a reader on value theory, aesthetics, community, culture, race, and education
George Herbert Mead : the making of a social pragmatist
Pragmatism and "Wittgensteinian" moral philosophy : two faces of moral realism
The Persistance of reality. 1, Pragmatism without foundations : Reconciling realism and relativism
Pragmatism and purpose : essays presented to Thomas A. Goudge
Pragmatism : critical concepts in philosophy. 2
Pragmatism and philosophical anthropology : understanding our human life in a human world
The range of pragmatism and the limits of philosophy
Essays on Truth and Reality
John Dewey's philosophy of value
Studies in the philosophy of Charles Sanders Peirce
The thirteen pragmatisms, and other essays
Rorty and pragmatism : the philosopher responds to his critics
John Dewey's pragmatic technology
A system of pragmatic idealism. Vol. 2, The validity of values : a normative theory of evaluative rationality
Philosophical tools for technological culture : putting pragmatism to work
Philosophy in the twentieth century. Volume one: an anthology
William James : essays and lectures
The logic of pragmatism : an examination of John Dewey's logic
William James : pragmatism in focus
Philosophical writings of Peirce
From empiricism to expressivism : Brandom Reads Sellars
The Chicago pragmatists and American progressivism
On historical pragmatics and Peircean pragmatism
Beyond solidarity : pragmatism and difference in a globalized world
G. H. Mead : a critical introduction
The radical empiricism of William James
The ironist and the romantic : reading Richard Rorty and Stanley Cavell
American pragmatism : a religious genealogy
Elements of knowledge : pragmatism, logic, and inquiry
