http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5767 strategic leadership
strategic leadership
The effect of environmental uncertainty, management control systems and strategy on performance
Managing a multipurpose arena from a strategic perspective : a case study Hartwall Areena
Strategic management : concepts and cases
Strategic management : competitiveness and globalization
The development of the strategic management process in a large scale Russian bakery
Theory of strategic management : with cases
Leadership in organizations
Strategic management for travel and tourism
Strategy : a history
Managerial consensus on competences : a case study of top- and middle managers in Koivu Company
Imitation of knowledge : a sociology of knowledge perspective
We live in an age of unparalleled opportunity for innovation. We're building more products than ever before, but most of them fail--not because we can't complete what we set out to build, but because we waste time, money, and effort building the wrong product. What we need is a systematic process for quickly vetting product ideas and raising our odds of success. That's the promise of Running Lean. In this inspiring book, Ash Maurya takes you through an exacting strategy for achieving a "product/market fit" for your fledgling venture, based on his own experience in building a wide array of product.
Fundamentals of strategic management
Abstract: Comparing strategic management between the United Kingdom's and Finland's ice hockey organizations, from the point of view of two same levelled teams. The potential of making a profit from the game of ice-hockey is relatively common, not only for professional teams, but also lower levelled teams, thus they have the potential to grow as an organisation. The UK's highest level called the Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL) attracts a lot of viewers and thus makes a lot of profit from ticket sales and fan equipment. According to marketing and communications executive for the team Cardiff Devils, Evans-Determan (2010), in the season 2009-2010 the ice hockey team from Nottingham Panthers (EIHL) attracted on average 4234 fans per game. This shows that the demand for ice hockey is relatively high in the UK and not as small as what is commonly thought. This paper will compare two same levelled team's strategic management from two diverse market environments and determine the structural differences in how they operate. Additionally, it will show what potential growth opportunities these organisations have and what ideas and operations they could adapt from one another in order to be more successful than what they currently are. The study will provide research of customer demand, as well as point out what business theories the teams are using or should be using in order to achieve their mission and vision statements. The two teams chosen for this research are Blackburn Hawks from the United Kingdom, who play in the ENL-league (England National League) and Vuosaaren Viikingit from Finland, who play in the Division II-league (4th highest level in Finland).
Comparing Strategic Management between the United Kingdom’s and Finland’s Ice Hockey Organizations, from the Point of View of Two Same Levelled Teams.
Strategic marketing management
In Strategy: A History, Sir Lawrence Freedman captures the vast history of strategic thinking, how strategy came to pervade every aspect of our lives. The range of Freedman's narrative is moving from the advanced strategy practiced in primate groups, to the opposing strategies of Achilles and Odysseus in The Iliad, the strategic advice of Sun Tzu and Machiavelli, the great military innovations of Baron Henri de Jomini and Carl von Clausewitz, the grounding of revolutionary strategy in class struggles by Marx, the insights into corporate strategy found in Peter Drucker and Alfred Sloan, and the contributions of the leading social scientists working on strategy today. The core issue at the heart of strategy, the author notes, is whether it is possible to manipulate and shape our environment rather than simply become the victim of forces beyond one's control. Time and again, Freedman demonstrates that the inherent unpredictability of this environment-subject to chance events, the efforts of opponents, the missteps of friends-provides strategy with its challenge and its drama. Armies or corporations or nations rarely move from one predictable state of affairs to another, but instead feel their way through a series of states, each one not quite what was anticipated, requiring a reappraisal of the original strategy, including its ultimate objective. Thus the picture of strategy that emerges in this book is one that is fluid and flexible, governed by the starting point, not the end point.
Abstract.
Strategic security : a constructivist investigation of critical security and strategic organisational learning issues : towards a theory of security development
Sport management : principles and applications
An approach for strategic workforce planning : case Kemira
Big data, big innovation : enabling competitive differentation through business analytics
Leadership
IP strategy, valuation, and damages : 2016 edition
The role of employee performance management as a tool for implementing the company strategy
Project portfolio management and corporate strategy : the solution to allocate resources and align projects toward
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
Running Lean: iterate from plan a to a plan that works
Organizational evolution and strategic management
Developing a successful dealer network in North America
Strategic management : concepts
Effective crisis management : worldwide principles and practice
Business analysis for business intelligence
Information systems strategic management : an integrated approach
This text provides a comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
Sustainable human resource management : a conceptual and exploratory analysis from a paradox perspective
Strategic management in the arts
The importance of strategic management : A case study of H&M
Business intelligence systems in local government strategic decision making
Strategic thinking : a nine step-by-step approach to strategy and leadership for managers and marketers
Strategic Management
Strategy and the fat smoker : doing what's obvious but not easy
Competitive strategy. Volume 1
The influences of a recession on the strategies of a born global and a conventional company
A survival guide for project managers
Out-of-home food market analysis in Finland : case: dehydrated culinary products Client A
Dynamic capabilities : how organizational structures affect knowledge processes
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
Creating magic : 10 common sense leadership strategies from a life at disney
Creating desired futures : how design thinking innovates business
Political environment and business development in the arctic : strategic opportunities and threats for Finnish companies
The EFQM excellence model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
International hospitality management : concepts and cases
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
Factors affecting to managerial success of an inter-organizational strategic relationship : empirical evidence from buyer-supplier relationships in Finnish technology industry
Future of Value : how sustainability creates value through competitive differentiation
Strategic time awareness : implications of strategic thinking
Strategic management of technology : from creative destruction to superior resilience
Strategic sports event management
Demystifying strategy : how to become a strategic thinker
Business growth has wings : corporate aviation analysis
Business process outsourcing for strategic advantage
Inventory routing : a strategic management accounting perspective
Case Study for Holylight(HK)
Strategy process procedures : case Zeta Group
How to grow leaders : the seven key principles of effective leadership development
Future scenario planning in strategic management
Role of epistemological assumptions in knowledge transfer process
Global innovation management : a strategic approach
Leading change management : Leadership strategies that really work
Real options theory
Strategic entrepreneurship : organizing renewal in established organizations
Strategic management and marketing strategy in insurance companies : case: China Life Insurance Company Limited in Shifang
Digitization of the communication and its implications for marketing
Cognitive approach to the strategic management of diversified companies
Core competencies of small and medium-sized enterprises in the medical technology industry
Reinventing management : smarter choices for getting work done
Business intelligence : making decisions through data analytics
Managers and strategic decisions : does the cognitive style matter?
Strategy tools and strategy toys : management tools in strategy work
Value creation for software engineering in product development
Middle-level practitioner's role and empowerment in strategy process and implementation
Strategic approach of Finnish companies entering the Cameroonian market : factors affecting the selection of entry mode
Successful strategy execution : how to keep your business goals on target
Strategic management : cases
Importance of Total Quality Management : Case Study: Nyayo Tea Zone Development Corporation
Co-operative acquisitions : the contextual factors and challenges for co-operatives when acquiring an investor-owned firm
Introduction to business strategy : a strategic management approach
Strategic leadership : how to think and plan strategically and provide direction
Out-of-home food market analysis in Finland : Case: Dehydrated culinary products Client A
Cognition and strategy
Strategic management : text and cases
China's Foreign Direct Investment - Case Study of Geely acquired Volvo
Strategic human resource management : a guide to action
Managing and measuring performance in public and nonprofit organizations : an integrated approach
Reasons for the transition of the processing trade industry from OEM to OBM: Case study: Hangzou Alpha Imp & Exp Co., Ltd
The seven keys to managing strategic accounts
Strategic management journal
Now available in a fully revised and updated fourth edition, Sport Management: Principles and Applications introduces the sport industry and examines the role of the state, non-profit and professional sectors in sport. It focuses on core management principles and their application in a sporting context, highlighting the unique challenges faced in a career in sport management. Written in an engaging and accessible style, each chapter has a clear structure designed to make key information and concepts simple to find and to utilize. Chapters contain a conceptual overview, references, further reading, links to important websites, study questions and up-to-date case studies from around the world to show how theory works in the real world, and a companion website offers additional activities for students and guidance notes and slides for instructors. The book covers every core functional area of management, including: * strategic planning * organizational culture * organizational structures * human resource management * leadership * governance * financial management * marketing * performance management. This fourth edition also includes expanded coverage of sport media, change management and other contemporary management issues, providing a comprehensive introduction to the practical application of management principles within sport organizations. It is ideal for first and second year students on sport management related courses, as well as those studying business-focused or human movement courses seeking an overview of applied sport management principles.
Strategic leadership development : building world-class performance
Internal marketing in strategy implementation
Comparing strategic management between the United Kingdom's and Finland's ice hockey organizations : from the point of view of two same levelled teams
Elements of strategic technology management
The success factors of the Finnish mobile game industry : a strategic overview : cases Rovio & Supercell
Strategic leadership : governance and renewal
Strategic customer management : integrating relationship marketing and CRM
Updating International Strategy in a Municipality : case: the City of Lahti
Strategic management : a fresh approach to developing skills, knowledge and creativity
Ministers as strategic political leaders? : strategic political steering after NPM reforms in Finland
Implementing supply chain strategy
Strategy implementation and communcation : in Team 1 of Case Organization
Business ecosystems : constructs, configurations, and the nurturing process
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
Corporate identity : a process of strategic interpretation in an MNC
Case study research : a theoretical overview, systematic review & analytical examination regarding Rosenzweig's delusions
Text visualization for competitive intelligence
Top management strategy : what it is and how to make it work
Competitive strategy. Volume 2
Online brand identity management : a case study
Strategic management : competitiveness and globalization : concepts
Strategic management : principles and practice
Management Development by Implementing the New Municipal Strategy
ORGANIZATIONAL CAPABILITIES FOR STRATEGIC LEADERSHIP IN WELL-KNOWN LOGISTICS COMPANIES IN FINLAND
Strategic management of information services : a planning handbook
The 2000 percent solution : free your organization from "stalled" thinking to achieve exponential success
From Risk Management to Opportunity Management: An Institutional Approach
Service design for business : a practical guide to optimizing the customer experience
Strategy : from managers' toy to practitioners' tool to successful implementation
The development of strategic business designs, a multiple comparison case study in Finnish industry
Management Accounting in Strategic Management: Multi-Case Study on Practices at High-Tech Companies
Military strategy : principles, practices, and historical perspectives
Developing competitiveness of a company using a new business process engineering concept
The EFQM excellence model for public organisations : self-assesment work book : what separates the successfull from the avarage?
A concept analysis for strategic leadership
Implementing and sustaining your strategic plan : a workbook for public and nonprofit organizations
Strategic Management : Concepts and Cases
Intellectual capital strategy : integrating strategic management and intellectual capital ontology
Strategic thinking
Contemporary strategic management
There be dragons! : an ethnographic inquiry into the strategic practices and process of world of warcraft gaming groups
Fundamentals of strategy
SSP Finland and Finnair Plus partnership development opportunities
Developing the business practices of an SME operating in the music service industry : a perspective on organic growth and development as led by the owner-manager
Becoming a strategic leader : your role in your organization's enduring success
"What is strategic leadership? How can it be the key to organizational success? Strategic Leadership Development addresses the key issues of how organizations build leadership capability. Focusing on the behavioural aspects of leadership, it looks at how both individuals and organizations can develop leadership talent, and how leaders can influence and shape the strategic direction of an organization as a whole. --
As the era of ever expanding markets and ample resources ends, governments and business will have to behave differently. The world is facing weak economic growth, limits to affordable resources and increasing concerns about environmental consequences. During the boom times, governments championed de-regulation and business responded by adopting an anything-goes attitude. In these straitened times, strategic analysis has to engage with the challenges that society faces to create resilient corporations fit for the 21st century.In Corporate strategy in the Age of Responsibility, Peter McManners, who has for nine years run strategy workshops on the Henley MBA focusing on the global business environment, sets about providing a strategic framework for navigating the new economic environment. Chief Sustainability Officers (CSOs) now exist, but they struggle to find the strategic rationale for the improvements they champion. The author argues that their good intentions often lack traction, partly because others in management don't get it, but also because they are not ambitious enough. The book is not about preaching semi-charitable behaviour or how to enhance the reputation of the corporation instead it is about surviving and thriving in a challenging and changing environment. A corporate audience familiar with strategy books will relate to this book, but will find it steers them towards radically new strategic thinking suitable for a turbulent period of transition.
Essentials of strategic management
The offshoring challenge : strategic design and innovation for tomorrow's organization
Strategic segmentation as a tool for defining markets
Strategic management in public and voluntary services : a reader
Information pathways for the competence foresight mechanism in talent management framework
Strategic management : creating competitive advantages
Strategic management and business policy : cases
Corporate strategy in the age of responsibility
Strategic business management : creating competitive advantage in global economy
Leading libraries : how to create a service culture
Technology strategy for managers and entrepreneurs
How do we see strategy? : investigating the existence and role of  strategy orientation among Finnish TMTs
Aligning business and IT strategies : developing the quality of IT infrastructure management services throught governance and management
Perspectives on public relations research
Market opportunity analysis : text and cases
Creating human resource policy for an SME company
This study is a case assignment for Client A's dehydrated culinary products and the topic is Out-of-home food market analysis in Finland. The main objective of the study is to produce information and to transform it into knowledge and wisdom by analyzing the out-of-home food market in Finland. The topic arose as a request from Client A since there is a need for detailed market analysis about the out-of-home food market in Finland in order to increase market share and estimate a future business development strategy with the help of the outcome of the study. Therefore, it is important to demonstrate how international business practices can be developed on saturated, competitive markets with the help of market analysis, knowledge management, and strategic management as tools. This study consists of two main sections: a literature review and an empirical study. In the literature review relevant theories are discussed and applied to the market analysis. The literature review begins with a knowledge management approach, continues with theories about strategy, and how these interrelate with the production of market information and are essential in the production of a market analysis. The empirical study was conducted through qualitative data collection by six in-depth interviews and a precise analysis of these interviews. Based on the information obtained through the in-depth interviews and the theory, conclusions and recommendations were made. The findings revealed that since there is no common statistical databank for out-of-home food products, the analysis of an oligopolistic market is even more difficult. The findings also showed that the out-of-home food market in Finland is very end consumer oriented. In other words, wholesalers act in accordance to end consumers' needs and requirements, and the same attitude is expected from suppliers who must co-operate closely with customers and develop recipes according to the market's requirements. Organic food and close production are trends, but simultaneously the trade understands that not everything can be produced in Finland. Food additives should be minimized, and salt contents are expected to be kept as low as possible. Moreover, several product attributes such as packaging must be considered carefully. Price was regarded not to be the first decisive criteria. On the contrary, food safety, delivery reliability and correct labeling as well as multiple product usability were said to be more important. It is highly recommended for Client A to use a multinational approach with multi local attributes when conducting business on different markets. Since customers and consumers in Finland have certain requirements, Client A's products should be tailored to meet the individual market's needs. The findings of the study will be used to sharpen the presentation of the OOH culinary market in Finland to Client A's category management in near future. The findings, together with the already existing knowledge, will be used as background information when implementing a strategy in Finland and when developing local tactics.
Essays on strategic management and quality assurance
