http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5775 special courts
special courts
European Court of Justice legal reasoning in context
The case of Swedish court documents
Judicial organisation in Europe
European consensus and the legitimacy of the European Court of Human Rights
Bringing justice closer : hybrid courts in post-conflict societies
The legitimacy of highest courts' rulings : judicial deliberations and beyond
The bureaucratic organisation of oral performance : elicited narratives in courtroom testimony
"In order to be effective, international tribunals should be perceived as legitimate adjudicators. European Consensus and the Legitimacy of the European Court of Human Rights provides in-depth analyses on whether European consensus is capable of enhancing the legitimacy of the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR). Focusing on the method and value of European consensus, it examines the practicalities of consensus identification and application and discusses whether State-counting is appropriate in human rights adjudication. With over 30 interviews from judges of the ECtHR and qualitative analyses of the case law, this book gives readers access to firsthand and up-to-date information and provides an understanding of how the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg interprets the European Convention on Human Rights"--
Criminal procedure systems in the European Community
"How effective is the European Court of Human Rights in dispensing justice? With over 17,000 judgments handed down, it is undoubtedly the most prolific international court but is it the most efficient when compensating the victims of a violation? This crucial but often overlooked question is the focus of this important new monograph which gives a clear, comprehensive and convincing demonstration of the negative impact, in terms of unpredictability and legal uncertainty, of the discretion used by the Court when it comes to the regime of reparation. It reveals the adverse influence of such a high discretion on the quality of its rulings - ultimately on the coherence of the system and on the Court's authority, and makes suggestions for improvement"--
Law and the global phenomenon of righting old wrongs
Just satisfaction under the European Convention on Human Rights
The legal reasoning of the Court of Justice of the EU
Kansainvälisen rikostuomioistuimen Rooman perussäännön rikosten määritelmien tulkintaohjeet = The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court Elements of Crimes
Do you know it when you see it? : a study on the judicial legitimacy of the European Court of Human Rights
"Has the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR or Court) lost its legitimacy? The answer to this question is perhaps 'no'. If this was the case, the Contracting Parties would stop executing judgments of the Court; the applicants would stop bringing their complaints to the Court; and, finally, the Contracting Parties would denounce the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR or Convention). Another option might be that the ECtHR would continue to exist without having any real impact on human rights standards in Europe and its judgments would lose much of their value. This has not yet happened. International tribunals, including the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR), face a substantial structural deficiency; they operate within systems that lack the coercive capacity to enforce their judgments. International courts thus depend, to a greater degree than domestic courts, on the legitimacy of their judgments as a basis upon which to encourage, and in effect coerce, compliance"--
