http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5774 Zapatistas
Zapatistas
Indigenous encounters with neoliberalism : place, women, and the environment in Canada and Mexico
Globalization and the political : in the borderlands with the Zapatista movement
Compañ?eras is the untold story of women's involvement in the Zapatista movement, the indigenous rebellion that has inspired grassroots activists around the world for over two decades. Gathered here are the stories of grandmothers, mothers, and daughters who became guerrilla insurgents and political leaders, educators and healers -- who worked collectively to construct a new society of dignity and justice. Compañeras shows us how, after centuries of oppression, a few voices of dissent became a force of thousands, how a woman once confined to her kitchen rose to conduct peace negotiations with the Mexican government, and how hundreds of women overcame engrained hardships to strengthen their communities from within.
International Zapatismo : the construction of solidarity in the age of globalization
Zapatistas : the Chiapas Revolt and what it means for radical politics
The fire and the word : a history of the Zapatista movement
Land and freedom : the MST, the Zapatistas and peasant alternatives to neoliberalism
Compañeras : Zapatista women's stories
Basta! : land and the Zapatista rebellion in Chiapas
Rebellion in Chiapas : an historical reader
Zapatista! : reinventing revolution in Mexico
First World, ha ha ha! The Zapatista challenge
Global movements : action and culture
A cultural analysis of the visual signs in the Zapatistas websites
"The recognition of Indigenous rights and the management of land and resources have always been fraught with complex power relations and conflicting expressions of identity. In Indigenous Encounters with Neoliberalism, Isabel Altamirano-Jiménez explores how this issue is playing out in two countries very differently marked by neoliberalism's local expressions - Canada and Mexico. Weaving together four distinct case studies, two from each country - Nunavut, the Nisga'a, the Zapatista Caracoles in Chiapas, and the Zapotec from Juchitán - Altamirano-Jiménez presents insights from Indigenous feminism, critical geography, political economy, and post-colonial studies. These specific examples highlight Indigenous people's responses to neoliberalism in their respective countries, reflecting the tensions that result from how Indigenous identity, gender, and the environment have been connected. Indigenous women's perspectives are particularly illuminating as they articulate diverse aspirations and concerns within a wider political framework. What emerges is a theoretical and empirical discussion of how indigeneity as an act of articulation is embedded in tensions between local needs and global wants. By exploring Indigenous peoples' relations to and in different locations, this study attempts to uncover the complexities of materializing neoliberalism and the fluidity of indigeneity."--Publisher's website.
