http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5773 truth commissions
truth commissions
Taking wrongs seriously : apologies and reconciliation
The age of apology : facing up to the past
The massacres at Mt. Halla : sixty years of truth seeking in South Korea
The politics of memory : transitional justice in democratizing societies
Gendered peace : women's struggles for post-war justice and reconciliation
The role of material forensics in articulating new notions of the public truth of political struggle, violent conflict, and climate change are the focus of Forensis, the HKW exhibition catalog based on the theories of Eyal Weizman. The concept of forensis was developed as a research project by Goldsmiths College, Centre for Research Architecture by theorist Eyal Weizman. The project is the subject of a major exhibition at the Haus der Kulturen der Welt (HKW) and catalog cum theoretical reader presenting the findings and contributions of over 20 influential architects, artists, filmmakers, and academics. Forensis, (Latin for pertaining to the forum ) argues for the role of material forensics as central to the interpretation of the ways in which states police and govern their subjects. Forensics engages struggles for justice across frontiers of contemporary conflict through the study of how technology mediates the testimony of material objects such as bones, ruins, toxic substances, etc. In the hopes of unlocking forensics potential as a political practice, the project participants present innovative investigations aimed at producing new kinds of evidence for use by international prosecutorial teams, political organizations, NGOs, and the UN. Contributors include Lawrence Abu Hamdan, Nabil Ahmed, Maayan Amir, Hisham Ashkar & Emily Dische-Becker, Ryan Bishop, Jacob Burns, Howard Caygill, Gabriel Cuéllar, Eitan Diamond, DAAR (Decolonizing Architecture Art Residency), Anselm Franke, Grupa Spomenik, Ayesha Hameed, Charles Heller, Helene Kazan, Thomas Keenan, Working Group Four Faces of Omarska, Alessandro Petti, Lorenzo Pezzani, SITU Research, Caroline Sturdy Colls and Eyal Weizman.
Forensis : the architecture of public truth : [a project by Forensic Architecture, Centre for Research Architecture, Department of Visual Cultures, Goldsmiths, University of London : on the occasion of the exhibition "Forensis", curated by Anselm Franke and Eyal Weizman, March 15-May 5, 2014, Haus der Kulturen der Welt, Berlin]
International criminal law
Truth and reconciliation in South Africa : did the TRC deliver?
The philosophy and practice of dealing with the past : some conceptual and normative issues
Ambiguities of witnessing : law and literature in the time of a truth commission
Truth commissions and transitional societies : the impact on human rights and democracy
Truth commission and the end of history
Global justice and the bulwarks of localism : human rights in context
Southern cross
The role of truth commisions in conflict resolution and human rights promotion : Chile, South-Africa and Guatemala : research report for the Department for Intenational Development Cooperation, Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland
Truth v. justice : the morality of truth commissions
Past injustice in world politics : prospects of Truth-comission-like global institutions
Reconciliation after violent conflict : a handbook
The Committee on Amnesty of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of South Africa
Encyclopedia of transitional justice. Vol. 2
Truth and reconciliation in South Korea : between the present and future of the Korean Wars
Encyclopedia of transitional justice. Vol. 1
African perspectives on international criminal justice
The handbook of reparations
Transitional justice and development : making connections
The realisation of victims' rights through transnational justice mechanisms in cases of serious violations of human rights
The politics of truth and reconciliation in South Africa : legitimizing the post-apartheid state
From molehills to mountains (and myths?) : a critical history of transitional justice advocacy
Narrating political reconciliation : South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Commission
Encyclopedia of transitional justice. Vol. 3
No future without forgiveness
The politics of past evil : religion, reconciliation, and the dilemmas of transitional justice
Carrots and sticks : the TRC and the South African amnesty process
Looking back, reaching forward : reflections on the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of South Africa
Judging war, judging history : behind truth and reconciliation
Unspeakable truths : transitional justice and the challenge of truth commissions
Law and the global phenomenon of righting old wrongs
Reconciliation : restoring justice
