http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5780 vocational institutions
vocational institutions
Vocational education
Adult education in Finland
The utilisation of information and communications technology in vocational education institutions
MAMK Savonlinna : kuvia vuosien varrelta = Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences Savonlinna : photos over the years = Universitet prikladnyh nauk Mikkeli v Savonlinna : fotografii prošlyh let
Advanced musical performance : investigations in higher education learning
Enter : electricity and electronics : ohjaajan materiaali
Changes in student smoking habits at the vocational institutions and senior secondary schools and health education
Grammatical errors in English language texts written by students in vocational upper secondary education
Abstract: Easier acquisition of work-based learning places.
Techno rules : technical English
Peer tutoring in group : a guide for a peer tutor
From language- to learner-centredness : theory and practice of vocational school English teaching
Marketing commincation plan for the degree of vocational qualification in business and administration
What's in it for me? : EU opportunities in education, culture and youth
Professional growth and development : directions, delivery and dilemmas
The developmental challenges in the cooperation of education and training and working life
Development of supervised practice in nurse education : Oulu and Rovaniemi polytechnics
Sustainable development in schools and educational institutions?
Methodologies for recruitment services and vocational guidance : transnational report 2001.
The purpose of this study is to provide an updated marketing communication plan for Tampere College concerning their new line of education: Vocational Qualification in Business and Administration. The main goal is to structure a practical as well as efficient strategy based on the communication objectives of the organization. This is to be implemented with such communication tools that are found suitable and, which assist with developing the actual marketing communication plan. Primary data was collected by an e-survey, which was directed towards the attended target audience, the 9th graders in the Pirkanmaa area. The information sought were the needs and wants of the target audience. In a more detail manner the information gathered was based on the awareness of the 9th graders towards this particular line of education, how they would see appropriate to improve its' marketing and which channels of communication should be used. The survey was sent to four schools via e-mail and the final amount of responses reached 91. In the study the research method used was quantitative. The theory part of the thesis focuses mainly on the general side of marketing communication and its effects towards the society as well as to the theory behind the marketing communication plan framework (MCFP). In the empirical part of this study the results are been processed and derived as practical conclusions. When analyzing the results it became evident that there was a need for up-dating the marketing communication plan in the parts of the new line of education. Based on the results there wasn't enough attention given to the online approach, even though the tar-get audience in question consists of youngsters aged fifteen. When analyzing the information together with the background information gotten through interviews, the conclusion was evident: to be able to achieve the optimal outcome the use of Internet has to be taken into its fullest.  From the youngsters' perspective the emphasis is to be given to Internet and its services. Due to this the conclusion of this study is to emphasize the online approach, however, not forgetting the importance of the off-line media as well.
Turun terveydenhuolto-oppilaitos = Turku Institute of Health Care Education
Policy-practice gap in participation of students with disabilities in Ethiopia's formal vocational education programme
Finnish knowledge in mathematics and sciences in 2002 : final report of LUMA programme
Vocational teacher education : some theoretical perspectives
A practical guide to mentoring, coaching, and peer-networking : teacher professional development in schools and colleges
Abstract: A teacher as an improver of overall well-being in school : how teacher in upper secondary education regulate their dialogue and authenticity.
The speech act of complimenting in Finnish text books of English meant for secondary level vocational education
Computers in education : a survey of computer use among English teachers in vocational schools and commercial colleges in Finland
New themes for vocational education
Curricular reform in vocational education national core curricula : material for new ideas
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
All set for English
Seeds and weeds : English for special purposes. 2
Student smoking and health education in vocational institutions and senior secondary schools
Mainstream bilingual education in the Finnish vocational sector
Points of departure : some European dimensions in teacher education
Workforce preparation in a global context
Practical skills, education and development : vocational education and training in Finland
Vocational education and training
Contemporary issues of occupational education in Finland
Leonardo da Vinci projects supporting the changing role VET teachers and trainers : valorisation project The changing role of VET teachers and trainers
Developing co-operation between Kuru Institute of Forestry and german forest institutes in vocational training of Forest Machine Operators
Searching for the personal sense of work : promoting work-related well-being in vocational teachers' work.
The life of a school : a research guide
Turku establishes a safety training programme
Enter : construction
Innovations 2005 - Special edition : world innovations in engineering education and reseach
What the best MBAs know : how to apply the greatest ideas taught in the best business schools
The transition from the educational system to working life : use of national statistics
Enter : electricity and electronics
The world of catering : English for professionals
Reconciling liberal and vocational education : report of the European Union Leonardo da Vinci research project on promoting the attractiveness of vocational education (PAVE)
FASHION TEXTILES
Educational leadership : personal growth for professional development
