http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p578 nature worship
nature worship
Sacred species and sites : advances in biocultural conservation
The earth spirit : its ways, shrines and mysteries
Paganism : an introduction to earth-centered religions
Moon, sun, and witches : gender ideologies and class in Inca and colonial Peru
Manifesting the presence of Inca : messages in stone
Nature religion in America : from the Algonkian Indians to the new age
Animism : respecting the living world
The Lapps
Japanese images of nature : cultural perspectives
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 3, The dying god
Quartzite at a sieaidi : a new life of an offering site?
People trees : worship of trees in Northern India
Chinese mythological Gods
Tree and serpent worship : or, Illustrations of mythology and art in India in the first and fourth centuries after Christ, from the sculptures of the Buddhist topes at Sanchi and Amravati
Pop pagans : paganism and popular music
Fossil bear bones in the Belgian upper paleolithic : the possibility of a proto bear-ceremonialism
Pocket guide to Wicca
The spiral dance : a rebirth of the ancient religion of the Great Goddess
Paganism is rapidly becoming a religious, creative, and political force internationally. It has found one of its most public expressions in popular music, where it is voiced by singers and musicians across rock, folk, techno, goth, metal, Celtic, world, and pop music. With essays ranging across the US, UK, continental Europe, Australia and Asia, 'Pop Pagans' assesses the histories, genres, performances, and communities of pagan popular music. Over time, paganism became associated with the counter culture, satanic and gothic culture, rave and festival culture, ecological consciousness and spirituality, and new ageism. Paganism has used music to express a powerful and even transgressive force in everyday life. 'Pop Pagans' examines the many artists and movements which have contributed to this growing phenomenon.
Emplacing a pilgrimage : the Ōyama cult and regional religion in early modern Japan
Contemporary pagan and native faith movements in Europe : colonialist and nationalist impulses
The new golden bough : a new abridgment of the classic work
The sacred mushroom and the cross : a study of the nature and origins of Christianity within the fertility cults of the ancient Near East
The year of the bear
The serpent cult
Revealing the Green Man : the restoration of the oldest religion on planet Earth
Amazonie : le chamane et la pensée de la forêt = Amazonia : the shaman and the mind of the forest
The elementary forms of the religious life : a study in religious sociology
The forest has eyes
Tree-talk : memories, myths and timeless customs
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to technopagans
The spiral dance : a rebirth of the ancient religion of the great goddess
Earth rites : fertility practices in pre-industrial Britain
The realm of the extra-human : agents and audiences
Nature religion today : paganism in the modern world
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 1, The magic art and the evolution of kings
The worship of nature
Wicca : a guide for the solitary practitioner
Karhun kannoilla = In the footsteps of the bear
Religion and environment among the Saami : an ecological study
The falling sky : words of a Yanomami shaman
Looking for Mary Magdalene : alternative pilgrimage and ritual creativity at Catholic shrines in France
The wolf and the raven : totem poles of Southeastern Alaska
The origin of worship : a study in primitive religion
The nature of magic : an anthropology of consciousness
Mother Earth : an American story
Continuity, symbiosis,and the mind in traditional cultures of modern societies
Ainu gods and beliefs
Anne Fedele offers a comprehensive ethnography of alternative pilgrimages to French Catholic shrines dedicated to Saint Mary Magdalene. Drawing on more than three years of extensive fieldwork, she describes how pilgrims from Italy, Spain, Britain, and the United States interpret Catholic figures, symbols, and sites according to spiritual theories and practices derived from the transnational Neopagan movement. Fedele pays particular attention to the life stories of the pilgrims, the crafted rituals they perform, and the spiritual-esoteric literature they draw upon. She examines how they devise their rituals; why this kind of spirituality is increasingly prevalent in the West; and the influence of anthropological literature on the pilgrims. Among these pilgrims, spirituality is lived and negotiated in interaction with each other and with textual sources: Jungian psychology, Goddess mythology, and "indigenous" traditions merge into a corpus of theories and practices centered upon the worship of divinities such as the Goddess, Mother Earth, and the sacralization of the reproductive cycle. The pilgrims' rituals present a critique of the Roman Catholic Church and the medical establishment and have critical implications for contemporary discourses on gender. Looking for Mary Magdalene is an invaluable resource for anyone interested in ritual and pilgrimage.
Goddesses and trees, new moon and Yahweh : ancient Near Eastern art and the Hebrew Bible
Witchcraft today : an encyclopedia of Wiccan and neopagan traditions
Listening people, speaking earth : contemporary paganism
Animism in rainforest and tundra : personhood, animals, plants and things in contemporary Amazonia and Siberia
Historical atlas of world mythology. Vol. 1, The way of the animal powers
