http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5788 hyperplasia
hyperplasia
Contact and hybrid laser in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia : comparison with transurethral resection of the prostate
Myostatin and related proteins on the control of skeletal muscle mass and capillary density
From mutations to migrations : a genetic and genealogic study of steroid 21-hydroxylase (CYP21) deficiency in Finland
Cardiac hypertrophy is the primary adaptive mechanism of the heart to increased workload, though when advanced, it becomes a leading predictor for heart failure and sudden death. The growth stimulus elicited by a hemodynamic load is attributable to a combination of mechanical and neurohumoral factors, but the precise roles of individual growth promoting components are still unclear. This study utilized atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) as model genes with which to investigate the involvement and mechanisms of mechanical stress and peptide growth factors in hypertrophic response of cardiac myocytes.The direct effect of mechanical stretch was studied in two different in vitro models of cultured neonatal rat cardiomyocytes. In the first approach, hypo-osmotic swelling -induced stretch increased ANP mRNA levels in atrial cells. In the second model, cyclic mechanical stretch of ventricular cells grown on flexible membranes evoked ANP and BNP gene expression and secretion. The mechanisms of stretch-induced BNP gene expression were studied by measurement of the activities of transcription factors and by utilizing promoter analysis together with site specific mutations. Stretch activated the binding of the transcription factor GATA-4 similarly to pressure overload in vivo. Mutational studies revealed that specific GATA consensus sites on the BNP promoter, in combination with an Nkx-2.5 binding element, were critical for stretch-activated BNP transcription. Importantly, a reduction of GATA-4 protein levels inhibited the stretch-induced hypertrophic response. Both cyclic mechanical stretchin vitro and hemodynamic overload in vivo activated the expression of peptide growth factor bone morphogenetic protein-2 (BMP-2). The effects of BMP-2 closely resembled those of mechanical stretch including the increase in the expressions of ANP and BNP. Fu rthermore, the BMP antagonist noggin inhibited the effect of stretch on ANP and BNP. Fibroblast growth factor 1 stimulated ANP synthesis and secretion in a protein kinase C dependent manner.In conclusion, this work demonstrates that mechanical stretch per se is sufficient to activate the hypertrophic gene program in cardiac myocytes. This effect seems to be at least partially mediated by the growth factor BMP-2 acting in a paracrine manner. The activation of the GATA-4 transcription factor, in cooperation with a factor binding to the Nkx-2.5 binding element, is essential for mechanical stretch-induced cardiomyocyte hypertrophy.
Effects of resistance training frequency on muscle strength, activity and mass during a 24-week intervention in the elderly
Heart volume in human kidney transplantation
The role and mechanisms of angiotensin II in regulating the natriuretic peptide gene expression in response to cardiac overload
The mechanisms involved in the activation of transcription factors and BNP gene expression in loaded heart
Characterization of signalling pathways in cardiac hypertrophic response
Characterization of signaling pathways in cardiac hypertrophic response
Adrenomedullin and natriuretic peptides in cardiac hypertrophy : regulation of gene expression and interactions with angiotensin II
Mechanical stretch and peptide growth factors in the regulation of the hypertrophic response of cardiomyocytes : ANP and BNP as model genes
Managing overflow in affluent societies
Cardiac growth and regeneration
Tamsulosin-induced iris complications associated with cataract operations ; translation: Mervi Moisander
Modeling the roles of collagen XIII in cardiac integrity and function, and in cutaneous wound healing
Gene expression profiling in experimental models of cardiac load
Cardiac hypertrophy is an adaptive response to increased cardiac workload. It is initially beneficial, since it helps to maintain cardiac output, but ultimately it is considered as an independent predictor for heart failure and sudden cardiac death. The cardiac hypertrophic response is triggered by mechanical and neurohumoral stimuli and is associated with the activation of complex changes in gene programming and intracellular signaling pathways. The purpose of this study was to investigate the expression of some novel load-induced factors i.e. melusin, thrombospondin (TSP)-1 and -4 and LIM and cysteine-rich domains protein 1 (LMCD1)/dyxin during the hypertrophic response. Melusin was expressed in cardiac tissue both in the atria and ventricles, furthermore its expression was very rapidly activated in response to multiple hypertrophic stimuli predominantly in the left atria. Melusin gene expression was activated when cultured cardiac myocytes were subjected to mechanical stretch or hypertrophic agonists such as endothelin-1 or angiotensin (Ang II). TSP-1 and TSP-4 gene expressions were rapidly activated at an early stage of pressure overload. Myocardial infarction (MI) induced the expression of both TSP-4 and TSP-1 mRNA in the heart. TSP-4 may also be an endothelial cell-specific marker of pressure overload since its expression was limited to endothelial cells in the adult heart. The expression of LMCD1/dyxin was found to be induced during the cardiac hypertrophic response and after MI. By itself, mechanical load was a critical regulator of LMCD1/dyxin gene expression. LMCD1/dyxin is a putative novel p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) target since adenovirus-mediated overexpression of p38 MAPK upregulated LMCD1/dyxin expression. In addition, during the Ang II-induced pressure overload p38 MAPK phosphorylation levels correlated with the early induction of LMCD1/dyxin expression.In conclusion, this study provides new information on the expression of melusin, TSP-1 and -4 and LMCD1/dyxin in the cardiac hypertrophic response. Early induction of their gene expression may represent an initial step in the adaptive and protective remodeling processes following increased workload in the heart.
Contact and hybrid laser in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia : comparison with transurethral resection of prostate
Can finasteride reverse the progress of benign prostatic hyperplasia? : a two-year placebo-controlled study
Biodegradable stents and visual laser ablation of the prostate in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia
Endocrinological factors and trace metals in normal and abnormal growth of the human prostate
Development of novel assays for measuring different molecular forms of prostate specific antigen
Summary: Drugs and gingival overgrowth.
Summary.
Inflammatory cells and mitotic activity of keratinocytes in gingival overgrowth induced by immunosuppressive- and nifedipine medication
Signal transduction mechanisms and nuclear effectors in gene expression during hypertrophy of cardiac myocytes
Novel load-inducible factors in cardiac hypertrophy
Hypertrophic strength training : can it lead to improvement in explosive strength?
Effects of post-workout supplements and resistance training on serum metabolome, muscle strength and muscle hypertrophy
Acute hormonal responses to resistance loadings before and after 20 weeks of hypertrophic strengt training in young and old men
21-hydroxylase deficiency : long-term outcome and correlation of CYP21 genotype with phenotype
Signaling pathways in myocyte hypertrophy : role of GATA4, mitogen-activated protein kinases and protein kinase C
