http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5789 growth
growth
The Governing Council of the ECB decided on an expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP) in January 2015. Purchases have thus far been conducted to a total value of almost EUR 780 billion. At its monetary policy meeting in March 2016, the Governing Council decided to further ease the monetary policy stance. Accordingly, markets expect monetary policy to remain accommodative for a prolonged period..
Analyses on the Finnish high-growth entrepreneurship ecosystem
Sector dynamics : productivity and economic growth in Europe : a panel data analysis
Successful corporate a[c]quisitions : a complete guide for acquiring companies for growth and profit
Comparison of different models for the estimation of genetic parameters of body weight traits in Moghani sheep
Growth in corporate investment and exports is expected to be reflected in slowly improving output in the immediate years ahead. Nevertheless, owing to increased uncertainties in the global economy, there is a possibility that exports will not yet begin to rebound. On the other hand, the pick-up in domestic investment may be jeopardised if competitiveness problems cannot be resolved and the high degree of uncertainty surrounding fiscal consolidation persists. For these reasons, another possibility is that economic activity in the immediate future will be weaker than forecast..
Stem anatomy of annual legume intercropping components: white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), narbonne (Vicia narbonensis L.) and common (Vicia sativa L.) vetches
Peat ash as a fertilizer on drained mires : effects on the growth and nutritional status of Scots pine
Growth in services : fostering employment, productivity and innovation
Ruminant physiology : digestion, metabolism, growth, and reproduction
The Pacific economy : growth and external stability
Characteristics of innovative, high growth and highly successful SMEs
Accounting losses and earnings response coefficients : the impact of leverage and growth opportunities
Experience your good now! : Learning to use affirmations
Gap disequilibria : inflation, investment, saving and foreign exchange
Effect of breed on production, carcass traits and meat quality of Aberdeen Angus, Limousin and Aberdeen Angus×Limousin bulls offered a grass silage-grain-based diet
Organic growth and renewal : an outline for post-industrial development
Effects of genetic entry and spacing on growth and wood properties in Norway spruce
The objective of the present study was to determine growth and carcass traits of beef breed bulls and heifers in the Finnish beef cattle population. The data collected from Finnish slaughterhouses included observations of 6323 and 2385 Hereford (bulls and heifers, respectively), 4421 and 1794 Charolais, 4335 and 1951 Limousin, 4068 and 1692 Aberdeen Angus, 2151 and 774 Simmental, 344 and 147 Blonde d'Aquitaine animals. For estimating valuable cuttings, a separate dataset including in total 1112 bulls and 260 heifers was also collected. Significant breed differences were observed in growth performance, carcass traits and retail product yield. The later maturing, Continental beef breeds seem to reach higher carcass gains, produce less fat and have more valuable cuts than the earlier maturing British beef breeds. The later maturing beef breeds tend to have carcass traits that suit well in the Finnish beef production system.
Bigger isn't always better : the new mindset for real business growth
Defining physical differences between U16 national team and non- national team basketball players
UV responses of Lolium perenne raised along a latitudinal gradient across Europe: a filtration study
Twenty years of acquisition behavior in America
Production of structural matter by a plant community in successional environment
The growth of external ectomycorrhizal mycelia in the field in relation to host nutrient status and local addition of mineral sources
The effect of climatic factors on wood anatomy of the alien red oak (Quercus rubra L.) growing in three experimental plantations in Latvia was assessed by classical dendrochronological techniques. Two tree-ring proxies - tree-ring width (TRW) and mean area of earlywood vessel lumen (VLA) - were studied on 33 trees. Annual variation of TRW amongst trees was similar (mean r = 0.46), but there was more individuality in VLA (mean r = 0.26); nevertheless, chronologies of both proxies had rather synchronous variation amongst the sites. Annual variation of TRW was affected by factors related to water deficit in late summer, as suggested by the negative effect of temperature and positive effect of precipitation that have intensified during the 20th century, likely due to warming. Although weather conditions during the dormant period did not directly affect TRW, temperature during the autumn-spring period has been the main climatic determinant of VLA likely via influence on overwintering and hence vigour of tree. This suggests that conductive properties of wood and hence the susceptibility to water deficit have been affected by weather conditions before the formation of tree rings. During the 20th century, sensitivity of VLA has shifted from temperature in winter to temperature in autumn likely due to climate change. Still, the positive effect of these factors suggests that warming of climate would increase VLA and hence the risk of embolism and xylem disfunction. Therefore, the importance of availability of water for growth of red oak in Latvia is increasing..
The quantitative analysis of plant growth
Fish physiology. 8, Bioenergetics and growth
Euro area growth dependent on domestic demand
Soil water-retention characteristics and fertility of afforested arable land
Can physiological and anatomical characters be used for selecting high yielding hybrid aspen clones
Seasonal responses of photosynthesis and growth of a bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climatic change under varying water regimes
Korean economic dynamism
Abstract.
The red woollen blanket
Environmental influences on tree and stand increment : proceedings of the mensuration, growth and yield instruments and methods in forest mensuration workshop, September 23-27, 1985, Durham, New Hampshire USA
Build your business in 90 minutes a day
Economic Growth Rate May Be High in Spite of a Decreasing Working-age Population in Finland
The other me
Economic growth and international trade with capital goods : theories and empirical evidence
The black project
Capital accumulation and employment cycles in a model of creative destruction
Growth model for mini-rotation plantations = Lyhytkiertoviljelmän kasvumalli
Good luck baby owls
Economic growth and the market in the developing countries
Mindfulness for dummies
The theory of the growth of the firm
Retail market analysis in Vietnam and suggested growth strategies for retailers : case company: Big C Supermarket
The effects of dietary fumonisin B1 on growth and physiology of rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss)
Reconstructing leaf growth based on non-destructive digitizing and low-parametric shape evolution for plant modelling over a growth cycle
Production, carcass characteristics and valuable cuts of beef breed bulls and heifers in Finnish beef cattle population
A postapocalyptic ghosthunter escapes her dire fate by joining the ghost of a supersoldier on his quest to the underworld.
Microeconomics, growth and political economy
Firm growth : adjustment and fluctuations
Should the frequency of drought increase in boreal forests due to climate change, seedlings planted in prepared peat mounds could become more susceptible to soil desiccation. The resistance of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) seedlings to drought will thus be a key factor in the regeneration success of pine-dominated, forestry-drained peatlands. In this study, we evaluated the physiological, metabolic, and morphologi¬cal responses of year-old seedlings gradually exposed to extreme drought in highly decomposed Sphagnum-Carex peat blocks. Drought clearly suppressed root and shoot growth as well as fractional colonization of ectomycorrhizal fungi. Sustained declines in photochemical efficiency (Fv/Fm) of previous-year and current-year needles did not occur until the volumetric soil water content had dropped to 30% and 10%, respectively. Polyamine analysis revealed that new needles are preferred in protecting the different parts of the seedlings against drought stress. Despite growth losses, the maintenance of rather high photochemical efficiency in current-year needles under severe water stress would appear to indicate a potential for seedling recovery if water availability in the peat improved. Given the high tolerance exhibited by Scots pine seedlings, death by drought seems a lesser concern.
Schooling affects growth in the three-spined stickleback, Gasterosteus aculeatus
Suburban growth : geographical processes at the edge of Western city
Plant inducible responses to damage : evolution and ecological implications
Impacts of climate change on forest growth : a modelling approach with application to management
Roots 2011 Workshop : abstracts, Joensuu, Finland 13-14 December 2011
Sexy / Joyce Carol Oates
Forecast risks predominantly on the downside
The alchemist
Believe, ask, act : divine steps to raise your intuition, create change, and discover happiness
Undead
Dynamic variations in bark hydraulics : understanding whole tree processes and its linkage to bark hydraulic function and structure
Bostering firm growth : Kasvu Open 2014
Stand level analysis on the effects of management and climate change on the growth and timber yield with implications on carbon stocks in boreal forest ecosystem : a model based approach
The color of absence : 12 stories about loss and hope
The influence of raw grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) seeds on growth performance and biochemical and haematological parameters in the blood of grower-finisher pigs
I as a teacher : student teacher's journey to professionalism by means of reflection
In the middle of this road we call our life : the courage to search for something more
The valuation of the firm with growth opportunities in the Modigliani-Miller framework
Relation between growth cessation and frost hardening in Scots pine of different origins
Performance, carcass quality, and gastric alterations in fattening pigs fed additives containing formic acid either coated with sorbate or mixed with lactic acid
Franchising as a potential growth strategy for a small enterprise
The aim of the present study was to examine the influence of raw seeds of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) in feed mixtures for grower-finisher pigs on growth performance, and biochemical and haematological parameters in their blood, as well as on the weight of the liver and the kidney. The experiment was performed on 96 grower-finisher pigs of (Polish Landrace × Polish Large White) × Pietrain, weighing from 25 to ca. 100 kg. The pigs were divided into four diet groups. The feed compound of the control group contained extracted soybean meal. In experimental groups soybean meal protein was replaced by raw grass pea seeds in quantities of 50% in grower and/or finisher diet, and 100% in both fattening period. The use of raw grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feeds in finisher diet did not result in lower growth performance in comparison to the control group. However, the fatteners fed grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feedstuffs in both fattening periods revealed the highest feed and energy intake per kg of live weight gain, compared to the group feed grass pea only in the second phase of the fattening period. A higher share of grass pea seeds in the mixture led to weaker growth performance and carcass characteristics. Hypertrophy of kidney and liver was noted in the animals which were fed with raw seeds of grass pea amounting to 100% of protein feeds. Also, hyperactivity of ALAT, ASAT and alkaline phosphatase was observed in the animals' serum. No negative influence of applying raw seeds of grass pea amounting up to 50% of protein feeds in grower and/or finisher periods on the parameters examined was noted.
For the past three years or so, Japan has pursued an economic policy named after Prime Minister Abe as abenomics, with the intention of putting the country back on a path of sustainable economic growth via expansionary monetary and fiscal policy and structural reforms. These goals have not yet been achieved, but there has already been some progress. For the time being, economic growth has been sluggish, but the deflationary trend has been halted and structural reforms have moved forward. The preconditions for success of the programme are in place..
The pilgrimage
Little apple: a book of thanks
The response of watercress (Nasturtium officinale L.) to salinity has been scarcely addressed in literature despite its growing importance in the baby-leaf market and its wide cultivation in salt-affected agricultural regions. This work evaluates the effect of salinity (2.5, 5 and 10 dS m-1) on productive and quality features of watercress compared with another crop widely cultivated for the baby-leaf sector (lettuce, Lactuca sativa). In watercress, a linear relationship (R2=0.75) was observed between yield decrease and Cl- accumulation in leaves, whereas yield was not affected by salinity in lettuce. NaCl application increased Na+ accumulation at the expense of Ca2+ uptake in the leaf tissues of both crops, but also of K+ in watercress. Health-related features were improved by salinity (e.g. increased phenolics and reduced nitrates), especially in watercress, with limited sensorial quality evaluation effects..
The best family business case study in progress - Winner of the 2008 EJFBS student's case study competition: Family business as a platform for growth venturing? The family influence on growth venture goal-setting
Life history analysis of growth strategies in temperate butterflies
Four different management strategies were applied to a young mixed stand of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.), Norway spruce (Pices abies (L.) Karst.) and birch (Betula pendula Roth and Betula pubescens Ehrh.) in southern Sweden. All strategies included an initial precommercial thinning to ca. 2400 stems ha-1. The different aims were: (i) a conifer-dominated stand with focus on high productivity; (ii) a conifer-dominated stand with high quality timber; (iii) keeping a stem-wise species mixture; (iv) a mosaic-wise species mixture. Stem selection according to the different strategies were simulated with a starting point from plots with a 5 m radius. All strategies were applied to all of the plots. A growth simulator was used to simulate the stand development up to final felling. This study illustrates the possibilities for influencing the structure of a mixed stand through precommercial thinning. The study also illustrates the long-term effects on stand structure and volume yield by consequently applying a management strategy from precommercial thinning until final felling. Precommercial thinning was found to be a useful tool to influence the stand structure in accordance to the aims set. However, the opportunities for influencing the stand by precommercial thinning were restricted by natural settings and unconditional considerations (e.g. tree vitality, stem quality, regular spacing), beyond what could be judged from stand average data. The stem volume production during a rotation was 6% lower for (iii) and (iv) compared to (i) and (ii), mainly due to a greater proportion of birch in the former strategies..
Interactions between soil water conditions and forest stands in boreal forests with implications for ditch network maintenance
Survival, height growth and damages of Siberian (Larix sibirica Ledeb.) and Dahurian (Larix gmelinii Rupr.) larch provenances in field trials located in southern and northern Finland
This article examines the possibilities for the growth of real income in Finland in a situation where the population is aging at a record rate. In contrast to other European countries, no larger age groups were born in Finland after the 1940s. Therefore, the labor force will decrease in long run, even though an abundant amount of labor reserves still exist in Finland after the exceptionally deep economic depression experienced in the previous decade. Finlands real income has been calculated as the product of the labor input and productivity per hour worked. The rate of change in productivity has been estimated on the basis of the historical development of labor productivity. On the basis of an analysis of labor input and productivity per hour worked, the real income of Finland per capita could rise to one-and-a-half times what it is now in one decade and a half, even if the working-age population decreased markedly and even if the number of hours worked per employed person declined at the traditional rate. Increasing immigration is not the only solution to the challenges of an aging and diminishing working-age population. By employing domestic labor reserves and improving productivity, reasonable economic growth rate can be achieved and at the same time the problems caused by uncontrolled immigration can be avoided.  .
Increased forest biomass production in the Nordic and Baltic countries - a review on current and future opportunities
High and dry: Consequences of drought exposure in Scots pine seedlings grown in authentic peat soil
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
The relationship between growth and wood properties in hybrid aspen clones
What we may be : techniques for psychological and spiritual growth through psychosynthesis
The Economic Downturn as a Growth Opportunity for Online Business Directories
Service economy revolution and digitalisation : Finland's growth potential
Performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on silages made of whole-crop barley, whole-crop wheat, hairy vetch and grass
The strong little tree
This study was conducted to examine the performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation when compared to a grass silage-based diet. A feeding experiment comprised 36 bulls which were fed a total mixed ration ad libitum. The four dietary treatments were: 1) grass silage (600 g kg-1 dry matter) and rolled barley (400), 2) whole-crop barley silage (600) and rolled barley (400), 3) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (310) and rapeseed meal-based protein supplementation (90), and 4) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (330) and rapeseed meal + urea -based protein supplementation (70). Replacing grass silage with whole-crop barley decreased the carcass gain and carcass weight of the bulls due to lower energy intake. Protein supplementation either as rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal + urea of whole-crop barley silage based diets had no effects on animal performance.
Facets of unity : the enneagram of holy ideas
Effects of precommercial thinning strategies on stand structure and growth in a mixed even-aged stand of Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch in southern Sweden
To think or not to think
Genetic parameters for birth weight (BW), 3-month weight (3MW), 6-month weight (6MW), 9-month weight (9MW) and yearling weight (YW) in Iranian Moghani sheep were estimated using restricted maximum likelihood procedure of MTDFREML program. The data and pedigree information used in this research were collected at the Breeding station of Moghani sheep (Ardebil province, Iran) during 1987-2005. Six different animal models were fitted, differentiated by including or excluding maternal effects, with and without covariance between maternal and direct genetic effects. The estimates for direct heritability ranged from 0.31 to 0.54, 0.21 to 0.34, 0.13 to 0.25, 0.11 to 0.22 and 0.10 to 0.17 for BW, 3MW, 6MW, 9MW and YW, respectively. The estimates were substantially higher when maternal effects, either genetic or environmental, were ignored in the model. The results of this study show that full models with maternal genetic and environmental effects gave the most accurate estimates for body weight traits in Moghani sheep.
Effects of climate change and simulated herbivory on growth responses and leaf characteristics of silver birch (Betula pendula) seedlings
Biochemistry of bacterial growth
Growing an entrepreneurial business : concepts and cases
Methods for preparing yield tables
Growth and distribution
Evaluation of importance of sapwood senescence on tree growth using the model lignum
Oscar and the frog :  a book about growing
Myostatin and related proteins on the control of skeletal muscle mass and capillary density
Viewed in the light of Finland's employment and unemployment figures, the labour market impact of the weak economic performance of recent years would appear so far to be less than feared. These aggregate-level figures do not, however, reveal anything about changes between sectors or worker flows. The present article explores the labour market's internal dynamics and worker flows. Our aim is to take an overview of the dynamics of the Finnish labour market that lie behind the typically reported aggregate figures. We also use worker flows to explain observed changes in unemployment. In addition to this, the article presents the results achieved when probit analysis is used to study labour market flows..
Root adaptation and ion selectivity affects the nutritional value of salt-stressed hydroponically grown baby-leaf Nasturtium officinale and Lactuca sativa
Bone morphogenetic protein receptor interactions with growth differentiation factor-9 and -9B in vitro
Seasonal response of biomass growth and allocation of a boreal bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climate change
Offers readers a how-to guide for harnessing the power of exponential technologies, moonshot thinking, and crowd-powered tools to create wealth while also positively impacting the lives of billions.
The adolescent spurt in mental grawth
According to the most recent quarterly national accounts, real GDP in the first quarter of 2016 grew by 0.6% quarter on quarter and 1.6% year on year. The latest quarterly national accounts data signal similar economic developments for early 2016 than the data previously published, i.e. economic growth continued, supported by private investments and private consumption. Real GDP growth in the first quarter was slightly stronger than suggested by preliminary data. The figures for the fourth quarter of 2015 were also revised upward. The economy has now grown for two consecutive quarters..
The Nordic and Baltic countries are in the frontline of replacing fossil fuel with renewables. An important question is how forest management of the productive parts of this region can support a sustainable development of our societies in reaching low or carbon neutral conditions by 2050. This may involve a 70% increased consumption of biomass and waste to meet the goals. The present review concludes that a 50-100% increase of forest growth at the stand scale, relative to today's common level of forest productivity, is a realistic estimate within a stand rotation (~70 years). Change of tree species, including the use of non-native species, tree breeding, introduction of high-productive systems with the opportunity to use nurse crops, fertilization and afforestation are powerful elements in an implementation and utilization of the potential. The productive forests of the Nordic and Baltic countries cover in total 63 million hectares, which corresponds to an average 51% land cover. The annual growth is 287 million m3 and the annual average harvest is 189 million m3 (65% of the growth). A short-term increase of wood-based bioenergy by utilizing more of the growth is estimated to be between 236 and 416 TWh depending on legislative and operational restrictions. Balanced priorities of forest functions and management aims such as nature conservation, biodiversity, recreation, game management, ground water protection etc. all need consideration. We believe that these aims may be combined at the landscape level in ways that do not conflict with the goals of reaching higher forest productivity and biomass production..
Buddy loses a tooth
Is recovery a myth?
Life history of an Arctic crustacean Onisimus caricus (Amphipoda: Lysianassidae) as deduced from baited trap samples taken from Adventfjorden, Svalbard
Fragments of reality : daily entries of lived life
Loss of a loved one
Regulation of macroalgal growth by light and nitrogen availability
A last cry for help
Kabbalah for life : how to use the power and wisdom of this ancient tradition
The celestine prophecy : an experiential guide
A little light on ascension
How firm characteristics affect Capital Structure : An Analysis of Finnish Technology Industry
Stand characteristics and external quality of young Scots pine stands in Finland
Human capital, dynamic inefficiency and economic growth
Environmental and biotic determinants of growth and height of arctic willow shrubs along a latitudinal gradient
Challenges for growth in small Finnish software firms : a multiple-case study
The subtle art of not giving a f*ck : A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life
Long term trends in the growth and recruitment pattern of the Norwegian spring-spawning herring (Clupea harengus Linnaeus 1758)
User Base Growth via Viral Marketing: The Contributory Factors : case: Ostosnero by Avansera Ltd.
A comment on the relationship between inequality and growth
Finland falling further behind euro area growth
Monetary policy and the global economy
Economic-ecological interactions in sustainable use of forest resources
Case study of long-term forest growth of Siperian spruce and Scots pine during last 200 years : Komi Republic, North West of Russia
Does debt relief lead to economic growth?
Properties of rescued embryonal suspensor masses of Norway spruce determined by the genotype and the environment in vitro
The liveship traders trilogy : [3-book bundle]
Influence of growth prediction errors on the expected losses from forest decisions
Is Finland following the same path as Japan?
Modelling the growth of corporations : applications for managerial techniques and portfolio analysis
Growth and development
Modern methods for auxological screening of growth disorders in children
The growing story
Growth limitation of trees and carbon balance of the vegetation in the treeline zone in north eastern Lapland
The artist's way workbook
Wishes fulfilled : mastering the art of manifesting
Effects of climate change and management on growth of Norway spruce in boreal conditions : an approach based on ecosystem model
Shakti mantras : Tapping into the Great Goddess Energy Within
Productivity growth and the new economy
The aim of the present study was to determine the influence of mineral and peat soil condition on the growth, yield and nutrient uptake of some half-highbush blueberry cultivars. The peat soil experimental site was located in a harvested (milled) peat field. Four half-highbush blueberry (  Vaccinium spp.) cultivars (five- and six-year-old plants) were used in the experiment: "Aino", "Alvar", "Arne", and "Northblue". Environmental conditions exercised a considerable influence on biological processes of half-highbush blueberry, at the same time, a genotype-based variation was observed. Cultivar "Northblue" had a higher yield in mineral soil and "Aino" had the highest yield in peat soil considering the average of two years. The peat soil condition in the harvested peat field provided a better supply of nutrients for blueberry bushes compared to mineral soil and this, in its turn, secured better growth and a higher yield of blueberry bushes.
Online marketing of a recording artist
The theory of the growth of the firm twenty-five years after
Intellectual property strategies and firm growth : evidence from Finnish small business data
Analyses of the growth of Scots pine : matching structure with function
Growth and competition of Flavobacterium columnare strains in two different nutrient levels
The effect of intercropping on stem anatomy of both supporting (Lupinus albus) and supported (Vicia narbonnensis and V. sativa) annual forage legumes was investigated using stereological method. Intercropped plants showed minimal differences in volume densities (Vv) of stem tissues and forage chemical composition compared to sole crops. The proportions of lignin and NDF (Neutral Detergent Fiber) positively correlated with xylem Vv. The proportions of ADF (Acid Detergent Fiber), cellulose and ash in intercropped plants were increased or decreased mostly by less than 10% compared to those in pure stands. The Anatomical Equivalent Ratio (AER) defined as the ratio based on anatomical quality-determining parameters, can assist in the evaluation of the benefits of specific intercropping systems. Intercropping of the legume species studied in this work, especially L. albus with V. sativa, showed encouraging results from anatomical perspective since it would not cause a decline of forage quality.
Social economy of the metropolis : cognitive-cultural capitalism and the global resurgence of cities
Large worker flows in the Finnish economy
Innovation and growth : chasing a moving frontier
Economic policy options in conditions of weak growth and low inflation
Comparison of growth responses of Khaya senegalensis seedlings and stecklings to four irrigation regimes
Sub-montane Norway spruce as alternative seed source for a changing climate? : a genetic and growth analysis at the fringe of its natural range in Austria
Comparison of growth and physiological responses to severe drought between two altitudinal Hippophae rhamnoides populations
Demographic clubs : convergence within, divergence between
National accounts for the first quarter of 2016.
Bold : how to go big, achieve success, and impact the world
The effect of dietary soya bean meal on the production parameters of large rainbow trout
Phenolic compounds in birch seedlings during early ontogen : regulation of biosynthesis and accumulation in response to three environmeltal factors
Testing a large-scale forestry scenario model by means of successive inventories on a forest property
The granularity of growth : how to identify the sources of growth and drive enduring company performance
One and two-year-old Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L) seedlings from various origins : The effect of various growing conditions on winter hardening
Summary.
Euro area monetary policy has been eased significantly in recent years. The most important of the measures applied are the expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP), targeted longer-term refinancing operations and the introduction of a negative interest rate on the deposit facility. The Governing Council of the ECB has emphasised its commitment to securing a sustained adjustment in the path of inflation consistent with its inflation target, i.e. a level below, but close to, 2%. The asset purchase programme has proceeded as planned and has led to reductions across a broad spectrum of euro area interest rates..
Understanding the role of entrepreneurial behavior in SMEs
Bacterial growth and division : biochemistry and regulation of prokaryotic and eukaryotic division cycles
The light inside the dark : zen, soul, and the spiritual life
iD : the second machine dynasty
SME`s growth and open innovation : tackling SME`s family business growth challenges with open innovation
Spatio-temporal differences in the growth of wild and reared Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) in the Baltic Sea
Effects of fumonisin B1 on performance of juvenile Baltic salmon (Salmo salar)
Increasing Sales at IKEA Tampere during Peak Days
Tree mortality agents in pristine Norway spruce forests in northern Fennoscandia
Path of light : growing spiritually
Deep recessions have typically led to a permanent step down to a lower growth trajectory. However, since the financial crisis of 2008, the growth rate itself has also been exceptionally slow, due to weak growth in total factor productivity. In addition to the recession itself, the slow pace of recovery does, in fact, constitute a significant part of the overall costs of the crisis..
Modelling the growth and properties of stem and wood of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) as related to silvicultural management with implications for sawing yield and properties of sawn pieces
The universe has your back : transform fear to faith
Stump removal to control root rot in forest stands : a literature study
Invention and economic growth
Near-term growth in the global economy and world trade will be slower than previously forecast. However, low commodity prices and the condition of the monetary economy will support global growth. Economic recovery is expected to gradually gather strength in the euro area, becoming more broadly based. Exchange rate developments to date serve to bolster the outlook for euro area growth and inflation. The Russian economy will contract over the next two years, given the low price of oil. Economic growth in China has slowed, but will continue to be relatively robust..
The graveyard book
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
Economic growth in Finland has been slow for a prolonged period, both historically and by international comparison. In recent years, growth has been depressed not only by the weak international economy, but also by sectoral and structural problems, such as an ageing population and lacklustre productivity development. In the forecast years 2015-2017, the economy will start to grow sluggishly as the export markets revive. The continued accommodative stance of monetary policy will also help support growth..
Herbivory among competing seedlings : effects on silver birch populations
The year the gypsies came
The name of the wind
It's hard to be five : learning how to work my control panel
Golden rules of economic growth : studies of efficient and optimal investment
Emergence and survival of new businesses : econometric analyses
Deliberate receiving : finally, the universe makes some freakin' sense!
The divine matrix : bridging time, space, miracles, and belief
The island
Alkuajatus = the original thought : the little manual of life
Impact of elevated ultraviolet-B radiation on three northern deciduous woody plants
Seeds of greatness
The economics of growth and technical change : technologies, nations, agents
Dragonflight
Rush versus harmonic growth : meditation on the theory and on the policies of economic growth
Tree stand development and carbon sequestration in drained peatland stands in Finland : a simulation study
The 7 habits of highly effective people
Volume production in different silvicultural systems for 85 years in a mixed Picea abies-Pinus sylvestris forest in central Sweden.
Vn : the first machine dynasty
Functions of AHR-1 and CYP-35A subfamily genes in Caenorhabditis elegans
Growth strategy in the field of event promotions : case study - OFRD Ltd.
Influence of soil type on half-highbush blueberry productivity
Case study of long-term forest growth of Siberian spruce and Scots pine during last 200 years : Komi Republic, North West of Russia
Relation of tree-ring width and earlywood vessel size of alien Quercus rubra L. with climatic factors in Latvia
Growth models for predicting stand development
The little book of big promises : a three-step process for uncovering your soul's plan
New approaches to economic growth
Effects of forest management and climate change on energy biomass and timber production with implications for carbon stocks and net CO2 exchange in boreal forest ecosystems
Europe's forests are growing faster
Guidebook for Improving Sales for a Company: a Case Study of Company X
Franchising as a Potential Growth Strategy for a Small Business : A Case of Sam-Chi Fast Food Restaurant
Influence of saw and secateur pruning on stem discolouration, wound cicatrisation and diameter growth of Betula pendula
Creating shareholder value through sustainable growth
Genetic variation in resistance of silver birch to biotic and abiotic stress
Production of feeds for African catfish Clarias gariepinus using plant proteins
The role of adiposity, growth and inflammation related gene variants in physical performance and body composition
Competing for urban growth : growth coalitions around the globe
Archivist Wasp : a novel
Beautiful girl : celebrating the wonders of your body
Performance of growing and finishing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation relative to a grass silage-based diet
Height increment of hybrid aspen Populus tremuloides × P. tremula as a function of weather conditions in south-western part of Latvia
Common growth signal and spatial synchrony of the chronologies of tree-rings from pines in the Baltic Sea region over the last nine centuries
Business Growth Strategy : Business Growth Opportunities within Wärtsilä Finland, Services - Sales & Sales Support, Project Sales
Outlook for emerging economies worsened
Economic growth : new directions in theory and policy
I want to be
The economics of entrepreneurship
Marvin wanted more!
The objective of the experiment was to study the performance, carcass traits and meat quality of purebred Aberdeen Angus (Ab) and Limousin (Li) bulls and Ab×Li crossbred bulls offered grass silage-grain-based rations and raised to heavy carcass weights. The experiment included eight bulls in all breed groups. The average slaughter age for all breeds was 540 days and the mean carcass weights for the Ab, Ab×Li and Li bulls were 391, 399 and 439 kg, respectively. Significant breed differences in carcass traits and meat quality were observed. The Limousin bulls tended to achieve a higher conformation score, produced less fat and had a higher percentage of valuable cuts compared with the Aberdeen Angus bulls. The crossbred Ab×Li bulls produced better conformed carcasses and a higher share of the rounds compared to the pure Ab bulls which indicate that this type of crossbreeding can enhance beef production under the studied conditions.
Abenomics: three years - the big ship turns slowly
In her latest book, The Universe Has Your Back,New York Times best-selling author Gabrielle Bernstein teaches readers how to transform their fear into faith in order to live a divinely guided life. Each story and lesson in the book guides readers to release the blocks to what they most long for: happiness, security and clear direction. The lessons help readers relinquish the need to control so they can relax into a sense of certainty and freedom. Readers will learn to stop chasing life and truly live.  Making the shift from fear to faith will give readers a sense of power in a world that all too often makes them feel utterly powerless. When the tragedies of the world seem overwhelming, this book will help guide them back to their true power.  Gabrielle says, "My commitment with this book is to wake up as many people as possible to their connection to faith and joy. In that connection, we can be guided to our true purpose: to be love and spread love. These words can no longer be cute buzz phrases that we merely post on social media. Rather, these words must be our mission. The happiness, safety, and security we long for lies in our commitment to love."   When readers follow this path, they'll begin to feel a swell of energy move through them. They will find strength when they are down, synchronicity and support when they're lost, safety in the face of uncertainty, and joy when they are otherwise in pain. Follow the secrets revealed in this book to unleash the presence of your power and know always that The Universe Has Your Back.
How a tree grows
Age and growth of fish
Growth overshadowed by hard-to-quantify risks
Estimating individual tree growth using non-parametric methods
Effect of accumulated duration of the light period on bud burst in Norway spruce (Picea abies) of varying ages
"A super practical guide to building a successful business byspending ninety minutes a day on the stuff that really matters Have you got a brilliant business idea, but not sure how to findthe time to start making it a reality? Or perhaps you have yourdream up and running but you need help to grow? Well, bestsellingcoach and entrepreneur, Nigel Botterill, is here to help. Nigel hasbuilt eight separate million pound+ businesses from scratchand won a shed full of awards in the process. No one knows betterthan him what it takes to build big businesses fast! In his newsuper practical book, Nigel will equip you with the tools to thinkbig, start small, grow fast and build a successful business in90-minute chunks! Yes, that's right, Nigel says if you dedicatejust 90 minutes a day -- that's just... 20% of your time-- working on getting and keeping customers (the stuff thatreally matters!) you can grow your small business and make it areal success. This principle has been one of the foundations ofNigel's entrepreneurial success and now he wants to share this withsmall businesses everywhere. Designed to be read in just 90 minutes A mixture of wisdom, teaching and success stories from Nigeland the entrepreneurs he has helped Learn from the super successful, multi-award winning smallbusiness guru with eight separate million pound+ businesses that hehas built and grown from scratch! "--
Long-term dynamics in growth of Scots pine and Siberian spruce in Komi Republic (European part of Russia)
The role of knowledge and capital in economic growth
At sites with either peat or mineral soils in large areas of boreal forests, high soil-water contents hamper tree growth and drainage can significantly increase growth. Hence, areas covering about 15 × 106 ha of northern peatlands and wet mineral soils have been drained for forestry purposes. Usually ditches gradually deteriorate, thus reducing their functionality as drains, and ditch-network maintenance (DNM) might be needed to maintain stand growth rates enabled by the original ditching. This article reviews current knowledge on establishing the need for DNM in boreal forest stands, subsequent growth responses, and the financial outcome of the activity. The issues covered in the review are: (i) ditching, changes in ditches over time and the need for DNM; (ii) interactions between soil water and both stand properties and stand management; (iii) ground-water level (GWL) and tree growth responses to DNM; and (iv) financial viability of DNM. Conclusions about the current understanding of issues related to DNM are drawn and implications for DNM in practice are summarized. Finally, gaps in knowledge are identified and research needs are suggested.
Growth strategies of multinational companies : jewelry retail industry
Finland is now facing problems similar to those with which Japan has already struggled for more than a decade. The population is ageing, and slow economic growth is not generating sufficient funds to cover swelling public expenditure. General government debt threatens to become unsustainable. From the perspective of Finnish economic policy, an examination of the situation in Japan emphasises the importance of structural measures. If decisions on reforming the structures of the economy are postponed far into the future, in the light of Japan's experiences this may result in reduced growth and employment, with consequent high costs..
Self-esteem for dummies
