http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5786 empiricism
empiricism
From empiricism to expressivism : Brandom Reads Sellars
Observation, hypothesis, introspection
Language, truth and logic
Decline and obsolence of logical empiricism : Carnap vs. Quine and the critics
Hume's "Treatise of human nature" : an introduction
Hume on knowledge
The short history of science : or the long path to the union of metaphysics and empiricism
The new pragmatism
Philosophical papers. 1, 1909-1922
Companion to the works of philosopher Thomas Reid, 1710-1796
An essay concerning human understanding. 1-2
The legacy of logical positivism : studies in the philosophy of science
A hundred years of philosophy
The structure of empirical knowledge
Introduction to logical theory
The philosophy of Thomas Reid : a collection of essays
The Vienna Circle : studies in the origins, development, and influence of logical empiricism
An architectonic for science : the structuralist program
The empirical stance
History and philosophy of science. 10, Empiricism, explanation and rationality : an introduction to the philosophy of the social sciences
Psychology from an empirical standpoint
The rhetoric of empiricism : language and perception from Locke to I. A. Richards
Language, truth and logic. A. J. Ayer
Rudolf Carnap, logical empiricist : materials and perspectives
Modern philosophy : an anthology of primary sources
Auguste Comte and positivism : the essential writings
Newton and empiricism
The metaphysics of logical positivism
Furnishing the mind : concepts and their perceptual basis
The problem of knowledge
Business and management research methodologies. Vol. 3, Neo-empiricism : inductive research methodologies
The limits of logical empiricism : selected papers of Arthur Pap
Logical empiricism : historical & contemporary perspectives
On Locke
The unity of science
Contemporary critiques of religion
Take empiricism seriously! : in support of methodological diversity in linguistics
The law of causality and its limits
Contemporary empirical political theory
Presuppositions in empirical ethics
Carnap and the unity of science : the intellectual and moral formation of a science-technology generalist : a case study
A critique of logical positivism
How I see philosophy
The Vienna circle in the Nordic countries : networks and transformations of logical empiricism
A history of philosophy. Volume 8, Modern philosophy : empiricism, idealism, and pragmatism in Britain and America
Locke : epistemology and metaphysics
George Berkeley bicentenary
Linguistic theory and empirical evidence
The third city : philosophy at war with positivism
An enquiry concerning human understanding and selections from A treatise of human nature with Hume's autobiography and a letter from Adam Smith
The works of George Berkeley, bishop of Cloyne. 1, Philosophical commentaries : Essay towards a new theory of vision. Theory of vision vindicated
Encyclopedia and utopia : the life and work of Otto Neurath (1882-1945)
The problems of philosophy in their interconnection : winter semester lectures 1933-34
An inquiry into the human mind
The metaphysics of logical positivism. by Gustav Bergmann
Having the world in view : essays on Kant, Hegel, and Sellars
Wirelessness : radical empiricism in network cultures
Dissertations on leading philosophical topics
Philosophical problems of space and time
Reality and rationality
Notebooks, English virtuosi, and early modern science
Pierre Gassendi's philosophy and science : atomism for empiricists
A treatise of human nature. Vol.  1
Feminism and philosophy of science : an introduction
Modern philosophy : Descartes to Kant
Empirical knowledge
Knowledge and reality : an essay in positive philosophy
An essay concerning human understanding
Philosophical works. 1
Kant's early critics : the empiricist critique of the theoretical philosophy
Locke on politics, religion, and education
The Vienna circle : the origin of Neo-Positivism : a chapter in the history of recent philosophy
In defense of radical empiricism : essays and lectures
Empiricism and experience
An enquiry concerning the principles of morals : a critical edition
Scientific philosophy : origins and developments
Locke's philosophy of science and knowledge : a consideration of some aspects of An essay concerning human understanding
Wittgenstein : from mysticism to ordinary language : a study of Viennese positivism and the thought of Ludwig Wittgenstein
An analysis of knowledge and valuation
The British empiricists : Hobbes to Ayer
The philosophy of Rudolf Carnap
Principles of the theory of probability
Origins of logical empiricism
Experience and prediction : an analysis of the foundations and the structure of knowledge
Wittgenstein and the human form of life
The Berlin Group and the philosophy of logical empiricism
"David Hume's Treatise of Human Nature (1739-40) presents the most important account of skepticism in the history of modern philosophy. In this lucid and thorough introduction to the work, John P. Wright examines the development of Hume's ideas in the Treatise, their relation to eighteenth-century theories of the imagination and passions, and the reception they received when Hume published the Treatise. He explains Hume's arguments concerning the inability of reason to establish the basic beliefs which underlie science and morals, as well as his arguments showing why we are nevertheless psychologically compelled to accept such beliefs. The book will be a valuable guide for those seeking to understand the nature of modern skepticism and its connection with the founding of the human sciences during the Enlightenment"--Provided by publisher.
The Cambridge companion to logical empirism
The works of George Berkeley, bishop of Cloyne. 2, The principles of human knowledge : First draft of the introduction to the principles. Three dialogues between Hylas and Philonous. Philosophical correspondence with Johnson
The logical structure of the world : pseudo-problems in philosophy
Principles of human knowledge ; and, Three dialogues between Hylas and Philonous
Philosophy in practice : an introduction to the main questions
Behaviorism and logical positivism : a reassessment of the alliance
Resurrecting old-fashioned foundationalism
Encyclopedia of empiricism
Encyclopedia and unified science
Selected philosophical essays
The radical empiricism of William James
Groundless belief : an essay on the possibility of epistemology
Hume's epistemology in the treatise : a veritistic interpretation
One of the greatest British philosophers, Bishop Berkeley (1685-1753) was the founder of the influential doctrine of Immaterialism - the belief that there is no reality outside the mind, and that the existence of material objects depends upon their being perceived. The Principles of Human Knowledge eloquently outlines this philosophical concept, and argues forcefully that the world consists purely of finite minds and ideas, and of an infinite spirit, God. A denial of all non-spiritual reality, Berkeley's theory was at first heavily criticized by his contemporaries, who feared its ideas would lead to scepticism and atheism. The Three Dialogues provide a powerful response to these fears.
Dewey's empirical theory of knowledge and reality
Philosophical works. 2/2
Meaning and existence
Locke's theory of knowledge and its historical relations
Reconsidering logical positivism
Wittgenstein and the Vienna circle
Essays on the principles of human action on the systems of Hartley and Helvetius and on abstract ideas
Pragmatics and empiricism
Truth, meaning, experience
Metaphysics and British empiricism
The foundations of knowing
David Hume : a symposium
A treatise of human nature
Challenges to empiricism
An examination of logical positivism
Bertrand Russell and the British tradition in philosophy
A treatise concerning the principles of human knowledge
The foundations of empirical knowledge
Modality and anti-metaphysics
General theory of knowledge
Visionary materialism in the early works of William Blake : the intersection of enthusiasm and empiricism
Science in the age of sensibility : the sentimental empiricists of the French enlightment
In defence of modernity : vision and philosophy in Michael Oakeshott
Philosophy and the empirical
Empiricism, perceptual knowledge, normativity, and realism : essays on Wilfrid Sellars
Empirical knowledge : readings in contemporary epistemology
