http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5799 oil
oil
Indigenous peoples rights and conflict-situation in the oil-producing states of Nigeria : the globalization connection and activities of the multinationals
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
The Shell game
Petrol : a report on the supply of petrol to retailers in the United Kingdom : presented to Parliament in pursuance of section 9 of the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices (inquiry and control) Act, 1948
New conditions for growth in Russia
Blood oil : tyrants, violence, and the rules that run the world
Russian energy sector / prospects and implications for  Russian growth, economic policy and energy supply
Petroleum geoscience : from sedimentary environments to rock physics
An appraisal of UK energy research, development, demonstration & dissemination
Tanker handbook for deck officers
Oil and fuel dictionary
Russia's economy has recovered after the deep recession in 1998 and the country currently scores high growth figures.One driving force is the booming oil sector, which gains from high world oil prices.Russia is very dependant on raw materials, and especially of the oil sector.The country is close to the limits of oil production and export capacity.Investments in new capacity and improvement of old are desperately needed.Moreover, during the current high oil price period, and especially recently as the largest oil company Yukos has been under attack by the authorities, international observers have become especially alert to fluctuations on the oil sector.The Yukos affair has ensured us that Russia's transition towards a market economy is far from over. However, foreign companies seem to be adapting to the situation, as foreign investments to Russia still continues to grow, despite the conflict.Keywords: Russia, oil, oil production, oil export, investment atmosphere .
Fischer-Tropsch Synthesis, Catalysts and Catalysis
The end game
This paper investigates in a combined theoretical and empirical approach the interrelatedness of job satisfaction and distance between home and workplace under long-distance commuting conditions. After discussing the concepts of long-distance commuting and job satisfaction on a theoretical level, the focus is on the situation of employees working in Russia's oil industry. The empirical analysis is based on questionnaire data from a survey that captures employees' experiences in an oil company, which operates in the Komi Republic and Nenets Autonomous District. The paper reveals factors influencing the perception of and dealing with commuting distances reaching up to several thousand kilometres. The influence of differences in the organisation and length of shifts and in the compensation for travel expenses is analysed in detail. Ultimately, the goal of this research is to find out whether or not commuting distances face upper constraints concerning employees' job satisfaction and to discuss potential implications for developments in remote areas. The results show that growing commuting distance does not necessarily cause lower job satisfaction. Instead, a more important factor in this respect is the organisation of long-distance commuting in a way that meets the understanding and needs of the involved employees and gives room for individual coping strategies.
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
The last oil shock : a survival guide to the imminent extinction of petroleum man
In vitro N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded canola, linseed and soybean
Standard specification for performance of engine oils
The end of oil : the decline of the petroleum economy and the rise of the new energy order
The structure of world energy demand
Abstract.
Blood and oil : the dangers and consequences of America's growing dependency on imported petroleum
"Drawing on their extensive knowledge of the oil industry, Roberto F. Aguilera and Marian Radetzki provide an in-depth examination of the price of the world's most important commodity. They argue that although oil has experienced an extraordinary price increase over the past few decades, we have now reached a turning point where scarcity, uncertain supply and high prices will be replaced by abundance, undisturbed availability and suppressed price levels. They look at the potential of new global oil revolutions to bring the upward price push to an end and examine the implications of this turnaround for the world economy, as well as for politics, diplomacy, military interventions and the efforts to stabilize climate. This book will appeal to a wide readership of both academics and professionals working in the energy industry, as well as to general readers interested in the ongoing debate about oil prices"--
Africa's new oil : power, pipelines and future fortunes
Oil, politics and seapower : the Indian Ocean vortex
Fiber Optics: Safety Measures on Oil & Gas Pipeline Monitoring in Lagos State Region
The Baltic Sea region 2014 : ten policy-oriented articles from scholars of the University of Turku
The political economy of Russian oil
The large international firm in developing countries : the international petroleum industry
Building a 'culture of dialogue' among stakeholders in North-West Russian oil extraction
Abstract: Economic Aspects of Baltic Sea Protection.
Oil price shocks, unions and real wages : the time-varying parameter model approach
Future transport power sources : executive summary
British government, Anglo-American oil companies and the case : the Finnish oil market during the cold war (1950-1970)
The European Union's dependency on Russian natural gas and oil supplies from a supplier obstructionism perspective
Oil money and the world economy
Reintegration in the instenational oil market - Opec and "sisters" hand in hand
Oil transportation through the Barents Sea
Advancement on Drilling Technology in Petroleum Industry
The son
Assessing the antimicrobial activity of essential oils with MIC and Checkerboard assays
The main weed species and their control in oilseed crops in Finland
Russian oil and gas : a multidimensional analysis from a European perspective
An introduction to petroleum technology, economics, and politics
Communication strategies used by 'British Petroleum (BP)' to deal with legitimacy before and after the Deepwater Horizon Accident
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Oil : its influence on politics
External shocks and policy adjustments : lessons from the Gulf crisis
Rising powers, shrinking planet : how scarce energy is creating a new world order
The greatest gamblers : the epic of American Oil Exploration
Oil companies in the international system
How sustainable biofuel business really is? : Today's issues on biofuel production
Energy: the oil glut and beyond : second Bat-Sheva seminar on energy, Jan. 4 to 8, 1982, under the auspices of the Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel
Some basic analytics of the world oil market
Thrustbelts : structural architecture, thermal regimes and petroleum systems
Enhanced oil recovery methods from oily waters and swamps by the use of skimmers
Jihad : the rise of militant Islam in Central Asia
The Caspian region at a crossroad : challenges of a new frontier of energy and development
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Sea-bed energy and mineral resources and the law of the sea. 1, The areas within national jurisdiction
The international oil market : OPEC pricing and development
This technical paper provides a comprehensive review of the use of wild fish as feed inputs for aquaculture covering existing practices and their sustainability as well as implications of various feed-fish fisheries scenarios. It comprises four regional reviews (Africa and the Near East, Asia and the Pacific, Europe, and Latin America and North America) and three case studies from Latin America (Chile, Peru and the study on the use of the Argentine anchoita in Argentina, Uruguay and Brazil). The four regional reviews specifically address the sustainable use of finite wild fish resources and the role that feed-fish fisheries may play for food security and poverty alleviation in these four regions and elsewhere. With additional information from case studies in China and Viet Nam, a global synthesis provides a perspective on the status and trends in the use of fish as feed and the issues and challenges confronting feed-fish fisheries. Based on the information presented in the global synthesis, regional reviews and three case studies, and through the fresh analysis of information presented elsewhere, an exploratory paper examines the use of wild fish as aquaculture feed from the perspective of poverty alleviation and food security.
Oilopoly  : Putin, power and the rise of new Russia
Oil markets and financial markets : a theoretical analysis
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen and phosphorus supplier to cereals and oilseed rape
Falling oil prices translate into an income transfer from producers to consumers
Final report : Tripartite Meeting on Safety and Related Issues Pertaining to Work on Offshore Petroleum Installations, Geneva, 20-28 April, 1993
Bioremediation of Contaminated Soil Containing Crude Oil
Yield and quality of winter oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) seeds in response to foliar application of boron
The basics of oil spill cleanup
Optimal oil production and use of oil revenues under uncertain oil prices
Foreword  3 Eirik Wærness, Pöyry AS  Energy and the Russian Economy  4 Laura Solanko, BOFIT  Russian Gas - Has the 2009 economic crisis changed Russian gas fundamentals?  9 Daniel Buikema Fjærtoft, Pöyry AS  Economic relations between Finland and Russia  22 Heli Simola, BOFIT  The High North and Russo-Norwegian bilateral economic relations  32 Morten Anker, Pöyry AS  A forecasting model for Russia's economy  42 Jouko Rautava, BOFIT  Reflections on Modeling the Russian Economy  49 Daniel Buikema Fjærtoft, Pöyry AS .
Effects of offshore petroleum operations on cold water marin mammals : a literature review
Natural resource governance and EITI implementation in Nigeria
Synthesis of single and mixed metal oxides for VOCs oxidation
Offshore instrumentation requirements in hazardous areas
Power politics and oil as determinants of transition : The  case of Azerbaijan
Petroleum and gas field processing
This paper presents the results of a 3-year field experiment conducted on soil with moderate levels of boron (B) in north-eastern Poland to determine the influence of foliar application of B (0, 150 and 300 g ha-1) on the yield components, yield, mineral composition, nutritional value and feed value of winter oilseed rape seeds. Foliar application of B at the beginning of bud formation in winter oilseed rape increased seed yield by 0.19 (3%) at the lower B fertilization level to 0.26 Mg ha-1 (4%) at the higher B fertilization level. The observed increase in the yield of winter oilseed rape seeds in response to foliar application of B can be attributed to this micronutrient's positive influence on seed production in siliques. Foliar fertilization with B increased B content and decreased Zn and Fe levels in the seeds of winter oilseed rape. When B fertilizer was applied at the rate of 150-300 g ha-1, the N and Ca content of the evaluated seeds increased. The fertilizer improved the nutritional value (crude fat content, fatty acid concentrations) of seeds, but deteriorated their feed value (total protein content, acid detergent fiber concentrations, neutral detergent fiber concentrations, quantitative and qualitative composition of glucosinolates)..
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
Bast fibre content, fibre yield and fibre quality of different linseed genotypes
Silicon-containing species in used lube oil re-refining
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Prepared for an oil spill accident
World energy crisis : a reference handbook
Oil markets seeking a new balance
Saving oil in a hurry
The phytotoxic effects and biodegradability of stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester
Lives per gallon : the true cost of our oil addiction
The squeeze : oil, money and greed in the twenty-first century
The price of oil
Brazilian upstream oil and gas : a practical guide to the law and regulation
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2008-2015 = Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015
The fall in the oil price is broadly reflected across the current situation in the global economy and the outlook for the future. According to most assessments, the oil price drop is for the most part a positive supply shock that in the short term will support growth and slow inflation in net oil-importing countries. In addition to the oil price, long-term interest rates have also declined substantially in the euro area. As a whole, the outlook for the advanced economies has strengthened on average, while the outlook for many emerging economies has weakened. There are, however, major differences within the country groups, a fact also reflected in exchange rates. A particular case in point is the appreciation of the US dollar..
Why we hate the oil companies : straight talk from an energy insider
Selected master theses : Utvalgte masteroppgaver
Russia is a globally important oil and gas producer.Russian hydrocarbons are not only crucial to the domestic economy but also to European countries depending on energy imports.This paper reviews the current stand and future prospects of Russian oil and gas production and exports.Russia has clearly stated that it wants to diversify its oil trade by increasing its exports to other areas than Europe.At the same time, many countries have seen their gas import prices rising significantly.As energy prices and exports have also been the main driver behind the current economic boom in Russia, there is no doubt that Russian energy will stay high on both the economic and political agenda of the EU and its member countries at least in any foreseeable future.The question remains whether there is enough Russian oil and gas for all new pipelines planned, as well as whether the huge investment needs of the energy sector can possibly be fulfilled, given the current investment climate and increasing government influence in the major energy firms.  Keywords: energy, oil, natural gas, Russia, EU .
Determinants of transit transports between the European  Union and Russia
The encyclopaedia of oil and gas law. Vol. 2, Midstream and downstream
Petroleum, industry, and governments : a study of the involvement of industry and governments in the production and use of petroleum
Where vultures feast : Shell, human rights, and oil in the Niger Delta
Flip-Flop : a journey through globalisation's backroads
Natural resources empower the world's most coercive men. Authoritarians like Putin and the Saudis spend oil money on weapons and repression. ISIS and the Congo's militias spend resource money on atrocities and ammunition. For decades, resource-fueled autocrats and extremists have forced endless crises on the West—and the ultimate source of their resource money is us, paying at the gas station and the mall. Blood oil goes behind the headlines in search of the hidden global rule that puts shoppers into business with these men of blood. Readers discover the ancient legal rule that once licensed the slave trade and colonialism, apartheid and genocide: the brutal rule of "might makes right." The abolition of this rule marked some of humanity's greatest triumphs—yet the rule zombies on in today's multi-trillion dollar resource trade, enriching tyrants, warlords, and terrorists worldwide. By our own deepest principles, might cannot make right. Therefore, today most of the world's traded oil is stolen oil. Blood Oil shows how the West can lead a peaceful global revolution by ending its dependence on the authoritarians who are stealing their countries' oil, and by getting out of business with the militias who are plundering their countries' minerals. Leading with a strategy of integrity to upgrade world trade will make us more secure at home and more trusted abroad; it will detoxify our politics and make us better able to solve urgent problems like climate change. Blood Oil shows how citizens, consumers, and leaders can act today to avert tomorrow's crises—and how we can together create a more united human future.
Oil, power and politics : conflict in Arabia, the Red Sea and the Gulf
Energy and world politics
Community-investor business models : lessons from the oil palm sector in East Malaysia
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
The oil market drifted into an imbalance in 2014 as supply grew and demand was subdued. Oil prices have subsequently dropped, from around USD 110 per barrel to the current level of just under USD 50 per barrel. According to futures prices monitored in the Bank of Finland forecast for the international economy, oil prices will rise only slightly in the near future. Futures prices are however surrounded with considerable uncertainty..
Sea-bed energy and mineral resources and the law of the sea. 2, The area beyond the limits of national jurisdiction
Seminar on Oil Pollution Questions : 19-20 November 1986, Norrköping, Sweden
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
The Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) in Cameroon : realities and prospects
The N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded oilseeds were studied using an in vitro enzyme method. The N degradability and N digestibility of canola, linseed and soybean were calculated based on the proportional difference in N remaining after incubation and the initial N content. Heat treatments increased the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean, whereas that of canola was decreased by extrusion. Heat treatments did not decrease the N digestibility of the oilseeds compared to raw samples. The high N digestibility and lower acid detergent insoluble N values of heat treated oilseeds indicated no indigestible complexes were formed. In conclusion, roasting or extrusion can be used to increase the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean to increase the dietary protein availability for digestion in ruminants, but was less effective for canola. The present heat treatments did not damage the protein or affect the N digestibility of the oilseeds.
The oil crisis and economic adjustments : case studies of six developing countries
Some applications in the field of applied machine vision research
Risks, strengths and weaknesses of Russian oil and gas
Assessment 2007 : oil and gas activities in the Arctic - effects and potential effects. Volume 2
A history of the Arab peoples
Oil and world power : a geographical interpretation
Oil and revolution in Mexico
How much oil can Russia produce? / a study in the Russian oil sector
A survey of weeds in spring-sown oilseed crops (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera and Brassica napus ssp. oleifera) was conducted in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009, representing the first such extensive investigation in the country. The occurrence of the most abundant weed species in oilseeds was surveyed in 429 fields. In the fields with moderate or high weed infestation, 1-6 harmful weed species were recorded by visual observation according to their biomass production. About 40 weed species were recorded, the most predominant being Chenopodium album, Galeopsis spp., Galium spurium, Sonchus arvensis and Tripleurospermum inodorum. Elymus repens was the only major grass weed. Chemical weed control of broad-leaved weeds had been practised in 53% of the fields, resulting in relatively good control. In addition, both selective graminicides and glyphosate were used to control E. repens. Mechanical weed control was not practised in any field. The crop yield level was about 300 kg ha-1 higher in the fields with low weed infestation compared with in the highly infested fields. New promising options to replace the banned herbicide trifluralin are available. Thus, the most harmful weeds, such as C. album, which interferes with the production of high-quality oil for human consumption, can still be effectively controlled.
Perspectives on Russia's energy sector
Oili : Neste Oil's in-house magazine
The emissary
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Infrared drying of herbs
Handbook of petroleum refining processes
The development of Africa's oil has greatly accelerated in recent years, with some countries looking at the prospect of almost unimaginable flows of money into their national budgets. But the story of African oil has usually been associated with conflict, corruption and disaster, with older producers such as Nigeria having little to show for the many billions of dollars they've earned. In this eye-opening book, former BBC correspondent Celeste Hicks questions the inevitability of the so-called resource curse, revealing what the discovery of oil means for ordinary Africans, and how China's involvement could mean a profound change in Africa's relationship with the West. --Provided by publisher.
Petroleum companies in Iran as potential customer for Abloy Oy
In their Natural Resource Governance and EITI Implementation in Nigeria, Musa Abutudu and Dauda Garuba provide the most up-to-date and in-depth analysis of the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), providing a balanced yet critical evaluation of its performance, limitations and potential as an institution for helping Africa's largest oil exporter to escape the so called resource curse and lay a firm basis for sustainable development. This Current African Issue contains valuable insights and information that will be of interest to all those with a keen interest in institutionalising transparency and accountability in natural resource governance in Africa.
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
The impact of the use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation of spring oilseed crops in Finland in 2013-2015 : final report
Energy policies of IEA countries : Germany 1998 review
Guidelines for the development of shipboard marine pollution emergency plans
Contract Lifecycle Management on the sell-side : a case study in upstream Oil and Gas industry
Seed loss as a result of pod shatter in spring rape and spring turnip rape in Finland : Research Note
Why your world is about to get a whole lot smaller
The interplay of internal and external interests in Russian involvement in the Lithuanian oil company Mazeikiu Nafta
Abu Dhabi : oil and beyond
Trends in industrial oil analysis : a review
Bacterial community structure and petroleum hydrocarbon degradation in the Baltic Sea
Reconceptualising democratic local governance in the Niger Delta
Peaking of world oil production : impacts, mitigation and risk management
Oil : a study of war-time policy and administration
Internal combustion : how corporations and governments addicted the world to oil and detrailed the alternatives
Joint operating agreements : mitigating operational and contractual risks in exclusive operations
Assessment of the impacts of an oil spill on the populations of common guillemot (Uria aalge) and long-tailed duck (Clangula hyemalis) - an expert knowledge based Bayesian network for the Gulf of Finland
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Survey of transportation of liquid bulk chemicals in the Baltic Sea
Afterlight
Public partcipation and oil exploitation in Uganda
The end of oil : on the edge of a perilous new world
Two major shifts in global energy markets have occurred over the past ten years. First, emerging economies now drive growth in global energy consumption and use more than half of all energy produced globally. The growth emphasis has clearly shifted to emerging economies. Second, traditional energy markets have been challenged by the arrival of unconventional hydrocarbons and plentiful liquefied natural gas. Renewable energy sources continue to meet an increasing share of consumption, yet even a few decades from now they will account for less than 20% of overall production. At the same time, access to unconventional oil and gas deposits has driven down production costs, especially in the United States and Canada. This has led to a dramatic drop in natural gas prices in North America even as energy prices have remained high in Europe.  Keywords: energy markets, shale gas, liquefied natural gas (LNG) .
The transformation of global energy markets
Crossing the Rubicon   : the decline of the American empire at the end of the age of oil
The study makes an effort to elaborate the question, how Russian political, geopolitical and economic dependencies and aspirations may influence transit transport flows related to the trade between the European Union and Russia, and on Russian decisions to invest in transport infrastructures.The factors influencing on the choice of export transit transport corridors range from a number of long-term economic and geo-political security considerations of the Russian energy sector to a short-term needs to exert pressures to gain political benefits.Thus, three factors seem to have a major impact on the direction and volume the transit transport: 1) Russian national geo-strategic security considerations aiming at the maintenance of economic autarchy and spheres of interest, 2) the structure of trade between the European Union and Russia, and 3) the unwillingness of Russia to purchase from the new border republics transit transport services, available for free during the FSU era.Finally, the study contains statistics on the volumes and values of the transit transport flows between the European Union and Russia by commodity groups and by corridors (Ukraine-Slovakia, Poland-Belarus, Lithuania-Belarus, Latvia, Estonia, and Finland). .
The year is 1922. The Texas Oil Boom is in full swing. Spindletop was discovered 20 years ago, and most of the oil reserves in East Texas have been claimed. But a new drilling site in the Permian Basin has oil companies turning west, urging landowners to sink every last cent into petrileum. Now is your chance to find the next gusher before your neighbor beats you to it. Prepare to strain your overalls in Texas tea as you servey the barren landscape in search of Black Gold.
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Skimmers are known to be one of the most efficient tool that are normally employed in effective oil clean-up and recovery operation as well as during treatment of waste water before a final discharge into the environment.  There are lots of factors that determine the recovery rates of most skimmers especially when certain oil types are involved. In this piece, I will be writing about the use of skimmers, how it works, how the specification and design of skimmers enhances its oil recovery abilities and its general advantage over host of other equipments. My source of writing will be solely based on scientific journals, textbooks, articles and internet sources which deal indepthly with the topic in question.
Peak oil  : a study of the phenomenon and possible effects and alternatives in Finland
Living oil : petroleum culture in the American century
Handbook of oil spill science and technology
Petroleum resources and development : economic, legal and policy issues for developing countries
Oil, Recent Developments in the OEEC Area : Study prepared by the Oil Committee
A linkage map of spring turnip rape based on RFLP and RAPD markers
Joint operating agreements : risk control for the non-operator
Azerbaijan is a post-socialist transition country affected by regional tensions similar to those found in Armenia, Georgia, Tajikistan, Macedonia and Croatia.This article examines the historical background of a specific source of tensions, namely the Nagorno-Karabakh issue, its legacies and significance for the economic transition of Azerbaijan.The Azerbijani economy has been among those to suffer most after the demise of the Soviet Union. These legacies underlie Azerbaijan's current situation whereby macroeconomic policies and structural reforms are driven by developments in exploration and exploitation of the Caspian hydrocarbon resources.The author finds evidence that economic and commercial cooperation can reduce political risks and discourage nationalistic power politics both in domestic and international contexts.  A firm and continuing commitment by the Azerbaijani government to pursue the process of economic transition combined with peace and stability in the region is necessary for the progress of transition.The rate of reform appears to be critical for the transition process in Azerbaijan and the Caucasus generally.Rapid economic growth fuelled by the expected influx of oil revenues could find Azerbaijan ill prepared to lock in the quality and sustainability of such economic growth.Subsequent papers in this series will deal with the implications for economic development, process of transition, structural reforms in Azerbaijan.**  The historical analysis brings up some interesting parallelisms with the ones seen in the recent Balkan crisis.  Keywords: Azerbaijan, oil, international organizations, transition economies .
Petroleum refining : technology and economics
Some economic aspects of the world oil market
Guide on marine terminal fire protection and emergency evacuation
Low oil prices, Chernobyl and Finlands' energy prospects
Development of a radiometer front end for detection of oil spill on sea surface
Handbook of Petroleum Processing
Novel concepts on the recovery of by-products from alkaline pulping
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Olive Growing : Évora, Portugal, September 9-13, 2008
The secret world of oil
Energy production and transportation in the Barents Region (oil and gas)
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
The Baltic Sea - our common treasure : economics of saving the sea
Cadmium content of Finnish linseed and estimated consumer intake
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) on cultivation of winter triticale, winter oilseed rape, winter wheat and maize. The average annual yields and protein yield achieved in crop rotation were studied. The field trials were carried out in north-eastern Poland in 2006-2010. The factor was dose of MBM: 1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1 or 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 and 5.0 t ha-1 every other year. The four-year experiment has proven that MBM is a valuable nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizer in cultivation of cereals and oilseed rape. By amendment of the tested meal into the soil it produced crop yield and protein yield similar to that achieved by mineral fertilization. However, the crude fat yield of rape was significantly higher under the influence of all the MBM doses. The yield-stimulating effect of MBM did not depend on the frequency of its application; therefore it is more convenient to apply it once every two years. Increasing MBM from 1.5 to 2.5 t ha-1 did not significantly increase any of the four crop yields, therefore for soils that had satisfactory nutrients content, 1 or 1.5 t ha-1 MBM is enough and increasing MBM will only increase economic burden for farmers and environmental risks.
The Russian oil exports via the Baltic Sea : do oil shipments through the EU's inner sea bring Russia closer to the EU or bring them apart?
The community oil sector medium-term forecast and guidelines
Economic theory and the crude oil futures market : a summing up
No analysis of the Russian economy today can ignore the role of energy production. Russia is the world's largest producer of crude oil and natural gas, the world's third largest consumer of energy and a global giant in hydrocarbon exports. But just how big is the actual contribution of oil and gas production to national economic output? Who is discovering, pumping and shipping Russia's oil? What is the energy sector's role in government revenue and Russia's external balance? This issue of BOFIT Online comprises nine short articles with timely insights into the challenges facing Russia's energy sector.  Key words: Russia, energy, natural gas, oil, state economy, electricity production .
Flotation technology
Energy in Canada
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
Oil transportation in the Gulf of Finland in 2020 and 2030
Multiple indicators of human impacts on the environment in the Pechora Basin, north-eastern European Russia
The price of Middle East oil : an essay in political economy
The effect of genes and diet on Alzheimer's disease-related molecular mechanisms : Influence of ubiquilin-1 and dietary lipids
World crisis in oil
Benefiting the resource rich : how can international development policy help tame the resource curse?
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
This Discussion Paper critically examines local governance in the Niger Delta and its relevance to the search for inclusive and sustainable conflict-resolution in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria. It critiques the existing local government system and explores the possibility of reconceptualising local governance along more inclusive, accountable and participatory lines that would institutionalise democracy, development and peace at the grassroots or community level in the troubled oil-rich region. Its originality lies in its departure from top-down perspectives, and its refocusing of attention on the oft-neglected local sites of conflict and under development. The paper will appeal to scholars, policy actors and development planners with a particular interest in developments at the African grassroots level.
Abstract: Response actions during major marine oil accidents : organizing and managing the response and communication.
Western European cross-country oil pipelines 25-year performance statistics
The aim of study was to investigate the petroleum companies in Iran and research the prospects, current security issues and some operational suggestions for Abloy Oy in the focused market. The qualitative method was utilized to obtain first-hand and in-depth primary information through online interviews and phone calls. The results showed that national Iranian oil companies are the main actors in the market while using mostly human based security personnel and not much of automatized systems, thus creating an opportunity for Abloy Oy to expand and develop its market share. However, the complicated culture of the public sector in Iran could create some barrier to cooperation, making it essential for Abloy Oy to use the assistance of a local, competent, and experienced agent to make this potential and profitable market accessible.
Inspection guidelines for bulk oil carriers
The oil price and its impact on stock returns : evidence from developed and developing
Impact of use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation on spring oilseed crops in Finland : interim report
Understanding project management in natural resource investments from a legal perspective
Neste : from oil to plastics
Blood and oil : the dangers and consequences of America's growing petroleum dependency
African upstream oil and gas : a practical guide to the law and regulation
Report of the Interregional Seminar on Petroleum Refining in Developing Countries, New Delhi, 22 January - 3 February 1973.
Imperial quest for oil : Iraq 1910-1928
Black Gold
Willingness to pay for improvements in the oil spill response capacity in the Gulf of Finland : an application of the contingent valuation method
Oil Discovery in Ghana : A blessing or a curse?
Why your world is about to get a whole lot smaller: oil and the end of globalisation
Fish as feed inputs for aquaculture : practices, sustainability and implications
Practical Advances in Petroleum Processing
Transnational corporations and Nigerian development : oil industry
Russia : oil and gas exploration laws, regulation Handbook. 1, strategic information, regulations, contacts
Quality characteristics of edible linseed oil
Standardin ISO 9377-2:2000(E) Water quality-determination of hydrocarbon oil index-part 2:n testaus GC-MS-laitteella
Venezuela then and now: How did the Chavezian era change the Latin-American country’s economy?
Oil, globalization, and the war for the Arctic refuge
Facts on fossil fuels
Consumption & lies : corporate globalization, anthropology & the Niger Delta
Applied geophysics : introduction to geophysical prospecting
Cosmeceuticals and active cosmetics
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
Arctic rising
Oils of nature
The aims of this study were to determine the phytotoxicity of stored rapeseed (Brassica rapa) oil (RSO) and rapeseed oil methyl ester (RME) after "spill like" contamination on the growth of barley (Hordeum vulgare) and the biodegradability of these substances in OECD 301F test conditions and in ground water. Rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester were both stored for a period of time and their fuel characteristics (e.g. acid number) had changed from those set by the fuel standards and are considered to have an effect on its biodegradation. The phytotoxicity was tested using two different types of barley cultivars: "Saana" and "Vilde". The phytotoxic effect on the barley varieties was determined, after the growth season, by measuring the total biomass growth and the mass of 1000 kernels taken from the tests plots. Also visual inspection was used to determine what the effects on the barley growth were. These measurements suggest that both RSO and RME have a negative impact on barley sprouts and therefore the total growth of the barley. RSO and RME both decreased the total amount of harvested phytomass. The weight of 1000 kernels increased with low concentrations of these contaminants and high contamination levels reduced the mass of the kernels. The results of these experiments suggest that the stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester are both phytotoxic materials and therefore will cause substantial loss of vegetation in the case of a fuel spill. The RSO and RME biodegraded effectively in the measurement period of 28 days under OECD test conditions: the degree of biodegradation being over 60%. The biodegradation in the ground water was much slower: the degree of biodegradation being about 10% after 28 days.
First batches of petroleum products to Neste's Riga terminal : Neste is ensuring petroleum product deliveries to its Latvian customers
Oil politics in the 1980s : patterns of international cooperation
Arab energy : prospects to 2000
High resilience in the Yamal-Nenets social-ecological system, West Siberian Arctic, Russia
Oil and world power : background to the oil crisis
Russia, Finland and Norway : Economic essays
Energy Policies of IEA Countries : Finland 2013 review
Oil and the Romanian state
The oil import question : a report on the relationship of oil imports to the national security
The storage and handling of petroleum liquids
The first Kuwait oil concession agreement : a record of the negotiations 1911-1934
The Russian oil economy
Designing tank foundations
Oil resources : who gets, what, how?
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Hygienic quality of stem fractions of mechanically processed fibre hemp and linseed
The impact of rising oil prices on international tourism
Comparative analysis of petroleum exploration contracts
Investment Climate of the Russian Federation and Its Petroleum Industry
Distance between home and workplace as a factor for job satisfaction in the North-West Russian oil industry
Evaluation of the Methods for the Oil Spill Response in the Offshore Arctic Region
Oil extraction in extreme remoteness : the organization of work and long-distance commuting in Russia’s northern resource peripheries
Cases and materials on the law of oil and gas
Oil statistics
Esso oilways international
The deep hot biosphere
Asphaltenes, heavy oils, and petroleomics
Oil : the present situation and future prospects
Concerns about food and energy security, coupled with increasing returns from agriculture, have increased interest in agricultural investments in developing countries. Public debates about "land grabbing" have questioned the socio-economic impacts of large-scale land acquisitions. There is new interest in business models involving collaboration between companies and communities. In Eastern Malaysia, community-investor business models have been implemented for several years to expand oil palm cultivation in customarily held lands. This report documents lessons learned through case studies of different business models.
Energy market analysis of the former Soviet Union
Official methods and recommended practices of the American Oil Chemists' Society
Microbial quality of linseed and fibre hemp plants during growing and harvest seasons
On-line measurement of oil contaminants in water by filter-based infrared analyzers
Petroleum investment policies in developing countries
Environmental Effects of Gas Conversion : Engines of Power Plants
