http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5798 skills
skills
Backhand techniques in ice hockey
Radical information literacy : reclaiming the political heart of the IL movement
Guidebook for Improving Sales for a Company: a Case Study of Company X
Lessons from Madame Chic : 20 stylish secrets I learned while living in Paris
Abstract.
Consistent and powerful swing : training guidelines for advanced golfers
Hard skills or soft skills? Findings about importance of various skills in work
Language in late modernity : interaction in an urban school
The gifts of imperfection : let go of who you think you're supposed to be and embrace who you are
Counselling skills for dummies
Communication skills for working with children and young people : introducing social pedagogy
How to win friends and influence people
A study of the effect of hand signs in the development of sight singing skills
Instructor's guide  : - synchronized skating school
The 7 habits of highly effective people
Fencing : essential skills training
Improve your IELTS : reading skills
Instructor's guide : - synchronized skating school
Ice hockey instructor's guide for EC Dornbirner Bulldogs
How children succeed : grit, curiosity and the hidden power of character
Fundamentals of motor behavior
The Importance of being lazy : in praise of play, leisure, and vacations
Parental involvement and children ́s academic skills
Reading Work explores changing understandings of literacy and its place in contemporary workplace settings. It points to new questions and dilemmas to consider in planning and teaching workplace education. By taking a social perspective on literacies in the workplace, this book challenges traditional thinking about workplace literacy as functional skills, and enables readers to see the complexity of literacy practices and their embeddedness in culture, knowledge and action. A mixture of ethnographic studies, analysis, and personal reflections makes these ideas accessible and relevant to a wide range of readers in the fields of adult literacy and language education and helps to bridge the divide between theory and practice in the field of workplace education. Reading Work: Literacies in the New Workplace features: four distinct but related ethnographies of literacy use in contemporary workplaces; a social practice view of literacy brought to the workplace; collaborative research undertaken by experienced workplace educators and academics working in the areas of adult literacy and second language learning; implications chapters for both practice and theory--presented not as a series of steps but rather as reflections by seasoned educators on shared dilemmas; and engaging, accessible writing that encourages workplace practitioners to read, learn from, and do their own research.
Understanding sports coaching : the social, cultural and pedagogical foundations of coaching
Colors versus shapes
This text provides a comprehensive treatment using multiple theoretical perspectives to understand and examine all workplace relationships. It helps readers broaden and enrich the ways they think about workplace relationships and their role in organizational processes.
Getting back out there : secrets to successful dating and finding true love after the big breakup
The effect of compression socks on balance skills : randomized controlled trial
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
Psychology of sport training
Development of the positional playing skills in different gamesituation roles in ice hockey
Fifty ways to improve your intercultural skills
Training Management Skills for First-line Managers : case: company X
Social skills : are they important traits of a service employee?
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
The effect of computer-assisted letter-sound correspondence training on learning to read in Zambia
Social skills training manual : assessment, programme design and management of training
7 skills that will catapult your career
Introduction to sports biomechanics
The golden carpet : a story from Armenia
The great big glorious book for girls
Abstract: Building a cognitive gaming platform : User centric gaming experiences with organic movement. The increasing focus on efficiency and optimizing the way people think and work has led to a new area of serious gaming – cognitive games. The rise of modern web rendering technologies has enabled the creation of visually interesting cognitive games on browser based technologies. The goal of this study was to assess the applicability of using modern browser technologies to create a user centric cognitive gaming platform and the useof mathematical formulas in organic rendering. The approach discusses the current market situation and the products and methods of cognitive gaming as well as the technologies involved. The user centric approach is studied through user experience design as well as graphic design and animation aspects. The reference implementation is project CCA; a user centric cognitive gaming platform built on top of Adobe Flash that uses seemingly organic movement rendering. The technical implementation is discussed from the platform client-server aspect as well as an overview of the structure of the front end architecture. The rendering engine methods go through the 2D –based rendering of mathematical formulas, the use of continuous Bezier curves in organic movement and the creative ways of using Perlin noise to generate textures as well as movement. Optimization of complex rendering and platform building is an essential part of the process. The results show the viability of using modern browser based technologies in the creation of a cognitive gaming platform. Through the use of optimization and creative mathematical solutions, as well as tending to user experience needs a successful product is built. The project platform is used in medical trials, as well as the Science Changing the World Exhibition shown in science centers around Europe. This study stands as a testament to the possibilities of cognitive end user training and a guide on the aspects of building a successful gaming platform.
In Hip Hop Genius, Sam Seidel introduces an iteration of hip-hop education that goes far beyond the usual approach of studying rap music as classroom content and looks instead at deeply honoring the knowledge of urban students.
Can the art of warfare be systematised?
Lonely Planet's instant expert : a visual guide to the skills you've always wanted
Planning, implementing and evaluating social and emotional skills course for coaches
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Constructing and negotiating entrepreneurial agency : a social psychological approach to entrepreneurship discourse in the farm context
Provides tips, tricks, and skills to help young readers take control of their lives and make the journey to adulthood a fulfilling one
The Hockey coach's manual : a guide to drills, skills, tactics and conditioning
The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Childhood Social Development, Second Edition presents an authoritative and up-to-date overview of research and theory concerning a child's social development from pre-school age to the onset of adolescence. * Presents the most up-to-date research and theories on childhood social development * Features chapters by an international cast of leaders in their fields * Includes comprehensive coverage of a range of disciplinary perspectives * Offers all new chapters on children and the environment, cultural influences, history of childhood, interventions, and neuro-psychological perspectives * Represents an essential resource for students and researchers of childhood social development.
Managing people for the first time : gaining commitment and improving performance
Exploring the nature of creativity
Soccer : Defending
Key competences for lifelong learning : European reference framework
The essentials of power, influence, and persuation
The happiness track : how to apply the science of happiness to accelerate your success
Better than before : what I learned about making and breaking habitsto sleep more, quit sugar, procrastinate less, and generally build a happier life
Social skills at work
Practical intelligence : nature and origins of competence in the everyday world
The girls' handbook : essential skills a girl should have
Conditions of children's talent development in sport
Respect!
Social education in elementary schools
Essential processes for attaining peak performance
Abstract. - Swedish summary.
Demystifying talent management : a critical approach to the realities of talent
Cold courage
A primer for mathematics competitions
Success of third-grade students in solving different types of mathematics problems in Estonian-speaking and Russian-speaking schools
Scouting technical skills in ice hockey
Yes! : 50 scientifically proven ways to be persuasive
School engagement in three Senegalese secondary schools
Mathematical difficulties : psychology and intervention
On deck : the illustrated manual of new-tech seamanship
The 50th law
Social competence at the beginning of primary school : Comparative study of social cognitive competence among English and Finnish children at the beginning of formal school education in each country
Interpersonal communication competence and collaborative interaction in SME internationalization
Conflict management in long-distance intercultural relationships
Enrich your personal and work relationships with the art of compassionate communication. What if you could defuse tension and create accord in even the most volatile situations just by changing the way you speak? Over the past 35 years, Marshall Rosenberg has done just that, peacefully resolving conflicts in families, schools, businesses, and governments in 30 countries on 5 continents.
Professional communicative repertoires and trajectories of socialization into global working life
Powerful Presentations : Developing practical guidebook for students
Language in Social Life is a major series which highlights the importance of language to an understanding of issues of social and professional concern. It will be of practical relevance to all those wanting to understand how the ways we communicate both influence and are influenced by the structures and forces of contemporary social institutions. In all modern societies individuals are subject to tests, whether to enter educational programs, to pass from one level to the next or to grant certificates to practice. Yet, tests are powerful tools which are often introduced in undemocratic and unethical ways as disciplinary tools for carrying out various policy agendas. Tests can be detrimental to people's lives as they are capable of affecting and defining the knowledge and behaviour of those who are being tested. The Power of Tests applies a critical perspective of language tests by examining their uses and consequences in education and society and by viewing tests not as isolated events but rather as embedded in social, educational and political contexts. The book is divided into four parts: the first part establishes the power of tests through echoing the voices of test takers, describing the features of the power of tests, and the temptations that tests offer to bureaucrats who use them for power and control. The second part reports on studies that provide empirical evidence about intentions and effects of a number of large scale language tests. The third part interprets the results by examining their consequences on education and society, arriving at a model of tests' use. The final section of the book offers strategies for controlling and minimising the misuses of tests by introducing the notion of Critical Language Testing which calls for the examination of the consequences and misuses of tests, monitoring of power and pointing to their unethical uses. It also provides a comprehensive discussion of the responsibilities of language testers, including a new Code of Ethics, as well as strategies for guarding and protecting the rights of test takers.
Rules of thumb : a life manual
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
The best, best baby!
Planning, implementing and evaluating a social and communication skills course for riding instructors
101 ways to connect with your customers, chiefs, and co-workers
Science and skiing
Child's play : Montessori games and activities for your baby and toddler
Social skills games for children
Defining skill variables between U16 national team and non-national team ice hockey players
People skills : [a guide to effective practice in the human services]
Cognitive performance and progression of Alzheimer's disease: measurement and intervention : the ALSOVA follow-up study
Social justice, transformation and knowledge : policy, workplace learning and skills
The boys' handbook : essential skills a boy should have
Long-term alcohol use in adolescence and neurocognition : a preliminary study
Supporting cognitive functional capacity in elderly with dementia : A literature review
The book of leadership : how to get yourself, your team and your organisation further than you ever thought possible
Wibbly Pig's silly big bear
Don't just do something, sit there : an introduction to non-directive coaching
Competencies at work : providing a common language for talent management
Practice tests for numerical reasoning : intermediate level : succeed at psychometric testing
Programed music reading games for first-grade utilizing certain principles of Dalcroze, Kodály, and Orff
Behavioral inhibition as moderator of the relation between parenting and academic skill development in first grade -students
What if this is heaven? : how our cultural myths prevent us from experiencing heaven on earth
Maori customs and crafts
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Media literacy : new agendas in communication
One small step can change your life : the kaizen way
Literacy skills, mathematical skills and educational expectations among Finnish adolescents
Rip it up : the radically new approach to changing your life
Fundamental movement skills, physical activity, and motivation toward Finnish school physical education : a fundamental movement skills intervention
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of childhood social development
Pedagogical guidelines for simulator training
The cow that laid an egg
Integrative counselling skills in action
21st century skills : learning for life in our times
An up-to-the-minute adaptation of Dale Carnegie's timeless, commonsense approach to communicating. In today's world, where more and more of our communication takes place across wires and screens, Carnegie's lessons have not only lasted but become all the more critical.
Secrets from the Greek kitchen : cooking, skill, and everyday life on an Aegean Island
Effects of a 10-week aerobic exercise intervention on physical fitness, cognition and preattentive sensory processing of aging women
Flirting 101 : how to charm your way to love, friendship, and success
The 4-hour chef : the simple path to cooking like a pro, learning anything and living the good life
Designing an educational role-playing game for five to six year-olds
Building a cognitive gaming platform : User centric gaming experiences with organic movement
Employability skills
Towards a practical framework of the remediation of cognitive skills at primary level
The dragon who couldn't do dragony things
Graceling
Autism life skills : 10 essential abilities your child with autism needs to learn
Implementation of a social and emotional learning programme in physical education : a teacher's action research study
The negotiation book : your definitive guide to successful negotiating
Influence : the psychology of persuasion
Counselling skills in everyday life
Assessing and evaluating preschoolers' socio-emotional skills
Negotiate to win : the 21 rules for successful negotiation
Teaching social communication to children with autism : a manual for parents
The 33 strategies of war
Reading work : literacies in the new workplace
Associations between age and cognitive foundation skills in the Nordic countries : a closer look at the data
What to consider when coaching children in the age of 7 to 17 : - a practical guidebook
Nonviolent communication : a language of life
Does the literate game help 3rd and 4th grade Zambian children learn how to read
Richard Scarry's this is me
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback (even when it is off-base, unfair, poorly delivered, and frankly, you're not in the mood)
James May's man lab : the book of usefulness
Creative workshop : 80 challenges to sharpen your design skills
Games people play : the psychology of human relationships
The Problem of "Skills" in Japan's Disguised Guest Workers Program and Its Implications
A concise guide to assessing skill and knowledge : with music achievement as a model
Child-Friendly approach to instrumental education : The Colourstrings Violin School
Routledge handbook of sport expertise
Zippo the super hippo
Fundamental concepts and skills for nursing
Raise your social I.Q. : how to do the right thing in any situation
How do teachers benefit from training on social interaction skills? : developing and utilising an instrument for the evaluation of teachers' social and emotional learning
First frost
Emotional intelligence coaching : improving performance for leaders, coaches and the individual
INITIATING CULTURE OF LEADERSHIP IN A LOGISTICS COMPANY
Mental rotation and mental folding in 7- and 8-year-old children
Life purpose boot camp : the 8-week breakthrough plan for creating a meaningful life
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
Following her near-death experience as shared in the New York Times bestseller Dying to Be Me, Anita Moorjani knows well the truths that exist beyond common knowledge and acceptance. The clarity she has gained has led her to further understand who she was born to be.  Part of that truth has involved contemplating the cultural myths infused into our everyday lives. Passed down from generation to generation, these myths are pervasive and influential. From the belief we reap what we sow to the idea we must always be positive, cultural myths are often accepted as truths without questioning. Moorjani asserts it is now time for questioning in order to help us reach our fully informed, authentic selves.  Moorjani explores these common myths in their real-world existence while presenting examples from her own life that reveal the falsehoods beneath the surface. By freeing ourselves from these ubiquitous expectations, we can break open an honest pathway to life as it was meant to be lived.
Captivology : the science of capturing people's attention
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
Organizing relationships : traditional and emerging perspectives on workplace relationships
The boys' book :  how to be best at everything
How to get what you want without having to ask
Developing social and emotional skills
Social problem solving in school context : students' conceptions of school bullying
Supporting the success of an information systems project : viewpoints on education and replacement of the project manager
A guide to negotiation and mediation
LEGO®-based therapy : how to build social competence through LEGO®-based clubs for children with autism and related conditions
Mastery
How to drive a tank ... and other everyday tips for the modern gentleman
One plus one equals three : a masterclass in creative thinking
Hip hop genius : remixing high school education
Compliance and excellence
Motor learning and human performance : an application to physical education skills
Professional coaches' self-reported emotional skills and well-being : a cluster analytic approach
The merging of effective working culture practices at Toyota in an international business environment.
Social identity : international perspectives
Communications skills for project managers
The dot
Instructional work in textile craft : studies of interaction, embodiment and the making of objects
Happy is the new healthy : 31 Ways to relax, let go, and enjoy life NOW!
I moved your cheese : for those who refuse to live as mice in someone else's maze
the Many facets of leadership
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
Evaluation of bridge teammates' mental workload for simulator-based training using physiological indices : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140401)
How to be a baby : by me, the big sister
The girls' book :  how to be the best at everything
The pupils' emotional coping in the mathematics lessons in the primary school
Uninvited study guide : living loved when you feel less than, left out, and lonely
Creating intergenerational contact between Oulunkylä English Kindergarten and Kustaankartano Centre for the Elderly
The Art of mountain biking : singletrack skills for all riders
Learning translation : an empirical study into the acquisition of interlingual text production skills
The daring book for girls
Impacts of social skills in elderly people's care
Big ideas in education : what every teacher should know
Exploring science with young children : a developmental perspective
Simply a great manager : the 15 fundamentals of being a successful manager
Your total image
The effect of transient visual deprivation on motor cortical excitability and motor learning : a pilot study
The Buzan study skills handbook
World without end
Investigating RightStart Mathematics Kindergarten instruction in Finland
Going into the real world : language learners' views on how foreign language teaching prepares them to use language in authentic situations
Practicing oral skills in Finnish upper secondary school EFL textbooks
The power of tests : a critical perspective on the uses of language tests
Human relationship skills : coaching and self-coaching
Teacher effectiveness training
Developing Managerial Competence
Tyldesley & Grieve's muscles, nerves and movement in human occupation
Learning through movement : teaching cognitive content through physical activities
Early mathematics interventions: supporting young children with low performance in mathematics
How to win friends and influence people in the Digital Age
100 things to know before you grow up
A general theory of emotions and social life
Effective personal communication skills for public relations
Teaching and learning oral skills in Finnish upper secondary school : a study of students' and teachers' views on oral skills education
Teamwork and team building : soft skills for a digital workplace
A Basic guide to figure skating
Coaching, mentoring and organizational consultancy : supervision, skills and development
The book is organised to first introduce the reader to the field: how it emerged, the questions that interest people in the field, how they go about trying to answer those questions and potential career options. The second part of the book explains how the study of motor behaviour is concerned with the interactions between the environment, the task and the person executing the actions. It goes on to demonstrate how the knowledge resulting from this research can be applied to improve performance in a variety of settings. Finally, the epilogue asks a series of 'what will you do?' questions to prompt readers to consider how he or she might eventually contribute to the field. It shows: techniques to observe and classify motor behaviour and to identify performance demands; how people control movements; how people learn motor skills; capabilities and limitations that each person brings to a particular task; and how to use the motor skill learning cycle to design and modify instructional programmes. It includes detailed descriptions of the various types of practice available, including when each might prove to be a good choice.
George, the dragon and the princess
I hate presentations : transform the way you present with a fresh and powerful approach [Ellibs-kirja]
Foreigners and employment in the Pirkanmaa region : an assessment on tutoring provided by TAMK BBA programme
School-aged reading skills of children with family history of dyslexia : predictors, development and outcome
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
