http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5807 seaweeds
seaweeds marine algae
Marine seaweed invasions : the ecology of introduced Fucus evanescens
Radioactivity of Fucus vesiculosus along the Finnish coast in 1987 : supplement 9 to annual report 1987 (STUK-A74)
Marine green and brown algae of the Hawaiian Islands
The shape of the past : essays in Scottish ethnology. 2
Effects of algal turbidity on foraging and antipredator behaviour of the three-spined stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus)
Seaweeds of the British Isles. Vol. 1, Rhodophyta. Part 2A : Cryptonemiales (sensu stricto), Palmariales, Rhodymeniales
Role of sea-ice biota in nutrient and organic material cycles in the Northern Baltic Sea
Taxonomy and ecology of microalgae in marine and brackish water environment : proceedings of a Nordic symposium sponsored by the Nordic Council for Marine Biology, August 24-31, 1978, Tvärminne Zoological Station, Finland
Blue-green algae and their nitrogen fixation in the Baltic Sea in 1980, 1982 and 1984
Taxonomy and biogeography of Macquarie Island seaweeds
Genetic and species diversity of planktonic cyanobacteria in the northern Baltic Sea
Tabularia waernii (Diatomophyceae) in the northern Baltic Sea
Charophytes in the Baltic Sea - threats and conservation
Complex of anionic polysaccharides with metal salts. 4, [lambda]-Carrageenan
Distributional index of the benthic macroalgae of the Baltic Sea area
Seashore
Complex of anionic polysaccharides with metal salts. 2, [kappa]-Carrageenan
Catalogue of the benthic marine algae of the Indian Ocean
Mediterranean Ceratia
Sri Lankan seaweeds : methodologies and field guide to the dominant species
Harmful marine algal blooms : proceedings of the Sixth International Conference on Toxic Marine Phytoplankton, October 1993, Nantes, France = Proliférations d'algues marines nuisibles
Genetic variability and nitrogenase activity of cyanobacterial communities associated with tropical seagrass meadows (western Indian Ocean)
A brief review of the fisheries of New South Wales : present and potential
Effect on yield, total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanate content of two broccoli cultivars (Brassica oleraceae var italica) following the application of a commercial brown seaweed extract (Ascophyllum nodosum)
The taxonomy of Ulva Linnaeus, 1753, and Enteromorpha Link, 1820, (Chlorophyceae) in the Netherlands
Integrated mariculture : a global review
A taxonomic and geographical catalogue of the seaweeds of the western coast of Africa and adjacent islands
The green seaweeds of Britain and Ireland
Microalgal cultivation and utilization in sustainable energy production
Identifying harmful marine dinoflagellates
Marine algae of the Monterey Peninsula, California
Factors structuring Fucus communities at open and complex coastlines in the Baltic Sea
Phytobenthos monitoring : two case studies from the Finnish Baltic coast in summer 1993
Report of the thirteenth session of the Scientific Advisory Committee : Marseille, France, 7-11 February 2011 = Rapport de la treizième session du Comité scientifique consultatif : Marseille, France, 7-11 février 2011
A review on culture, production and use of Spirulina as food for humans and feeds for domestic animals and fish
Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of an unfortified extract, of Ascophyllum nodosum on yield and nutritional quality of two broccoli cultivars ("Ironman" and "Red Admiral"). Total phenolic, total flavonoid, and total isothiocyanates content were higher in all seaweed treatments compared to the untreated control. In "Ironman" there was a 2.2 fold increase in total phenolic, 1.5 fold in total flavonoid and 2.6 fold in total isothiocyanates content, in the higher application rate compared to the control. Similarly in "Red Admiral", there was a 2.3 fold increase in total phenolic, 2.6 fold in total flavonoid and, 2.2 fold in total isothiocyanates content. There was a consistent effect on the increase of total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanates content, while there was no yield increase recorded at the lower seaweed application rate. Results suggest that application of seaweed extracts can significantly increase the amount of phytochemicals and improve the nutritional quality of broccoli.
A checklist of benthic marine algae of the tropical and subtropical western Atlantic : first revision
On the origin and assessment of biogenic halocarbons
Seaweeds : a colour guide to common benthic green, brown and red algae of the world's oceans : with some 1020 figures in 263 colour plants
The percentual distribution and frequency of occurrence of diatoms in bottom sediments in the Airisto and Paimionlahti regions in southwest Finland
Guide to the seaweeds of Kwazulu-Natal
Diffusive and ship-mediated spread of dinoflagellates in the Baltic Sea with Prorocentrum minimum as a special case
Dynamics of the toxic cyanobacterial blooms in the Baltic Sea
Intercalibration and distribution of diatom species in the Baltic Sea. Volume 5
The present treatment constitutes a taxonomic study of the green and brown benthic marine algae currently known in the northern Gulf of California. In all, 133 species were found: 4 classes, 7 orders, 13 families, 20 genera, and 63 species of Chlorophyta and 9 orders, 15 families, 26 genera, and 70 species of Phaeophyceae. The systematic account is a guide to the identification of marine algae from the northern Gulf of California, with the accepted name, keys, and descriptions of the orders, families, genera, and species. The date, place, and author(s) of valid publication of each taxon are cited. The current name for each species is given along with its basionym, type locality, synonyms, relevant taxonomic studies, habitat, and distribution in the Gulf of California and in the Pacific Ocean. Illustrations are provided for most species. A remarks section includes additional information on taxonomy, nomenclature, ecology, and/or other problems or facts of interest. In addition to reviewing the taxonomic phycological literature pertinent to the Gulf of California and Pacific México, new records and distribution extensions are given. Four new sections of Sargassum subgen. Sargassum are proposed: S. sect. herporhizum E. Y. Dawson ex J. N. Norris, S. sect. johnstonii E. Y. Dawson ex J. N. Norris, S. sect. lapazeanum E. Y. Dawson ex J. N. Norris, and S. sect. sinicola E. Y. Dawson ex J. N. Norris; five new combinations are made: Desmarestia munda subsp. mexicana (E. Y. Dawson) J. N. Norris, Epicladia condensata (Setchell et N. L. Gardner) J. N. Norris, Epicladia mexicana (Setchell et N. L. Gardner) J. N. Norris, Hincksia bryantii (Setchell et N. L. Gardner) J. N. Norris, and Sargassum sinicola subsp. camouii J. N. Norris et Yensen. One new species, Sporochnus neushulii J. N. Norris, is described.
"The first comprehensive volume on marine cosmeceuticals, this book covers their sources and prospects; extraction; isolation; identification; structure and chemical composition; and in vivo and in vitro applications. It covers fundamentals as well as practical techniques in the emerging field of marine cosmeceuticals. This reference enables researchers in cosmetic science and natural product chemistry to identify new outlets for the new compounds that they isolate. It makes the case for using natural compounds from the sea to replace synthetic, toxic cosmetics. It also discusses the application of these products on ailments such as skin disease, diabetes, and arthritis"--
"This book represents the Proceedings of the 37th European Marine Biology Symposium, held in Reykjavík, Iceland, 5-9 August 2002. The main themes of the symposium were Migrations and Dispersal of Marine Organisms. These themes are highly relevant today. There is widespread man-aided dispersal (e.g. by ballast water) of marine plants and animals, which may have substantial effects on the regions receiving new species. The new introductions may result in reduced diversity of plants and animals and may affect natural resources in the countries receiving toxic algae and other foreign elements. Studies of changes in distribution and dispersal of marine animals and plants are also highly relevant with reference to the changing climate taking place. The study of dispersal has recently gained new impetus with the discovery of the remarkable communities found on isolated hydrothermal vents and cold water seeps in the world's oceans." -- (julkaisija)
Molecular and morphological approaches to the evolutionary history of the Enteromorpha-Ulva species complex
While the concept and practice of integrated aquaculture is well-known in inland environments particularly in Asia, in the marine environment, it has been much less reported. However, in recent years the idea of integrated aquaculture has been often considered a mitigation approach against the excess nutrients/organic matter generated by intensive aquaculture activities particularly in marine waters. In this context, integrated multitrophic aquaculture (IMTA) has emerged, where multitrophic refers to the explicit incorporation of species from different trophic positions or nutritional levels in the same system. Integrated marine aquaculture can cover a diverse range of co-culture/ farming practices, including IMTA, and even more specialized forms of integration such as mangrove planting with aquaculture, called aquasilviculture. Integrated mariculture has many benefits, among which bioremediation is one of the most relevant, and yet is not valued in its real social and economic potential although the present document provides some initial economic estimates for the integration benefits derived from bioremediation. Reducing risks is also an advantage and profitable aspect of farming multiple species in marine environments (as in freshwaters): a diversified product portfolio increases the resilience of the operation, for instance when facing changing prices for one of the farmed species or the accidental catastrophic destruction of a crop. Yet such perspectives are far from being considered in mariculture where, on the contrary, there is a tendency to monoculture. Modern integrated mariculture systems must be developed in order to assist sustainable expansion of the sector in coastal and marine ecosystems thus responding to the global increase for seafood demand but with a new paradigm of more efficient food production systems. Successful integrated mariculture operations must consider all relevant stakeholders into its development plan government, industry, academia, the general public and non-governmental organizations must work together and the role of integrated mariculture within integrated coastal zone management plans must be clearly defined. There is a need to facilitate commercialization and promote effective legislation for the support and inclusion of integrated mariculture through adequate incentives particularly considering the reduction of environmental costs associated to monoculture farming. Bioremediation of fed aquaculture impacts through integrated aquaculture is a core benefit but the increase of production, more diverse and secure business, and larger profits should not be underestimated as additional advantages. In many cases, more research is needed to further integrated mariculture - particularly regarding the technical implementation of a farm. At this level, an important issue is to adopt adequate management practices that avoid or reduce the likelihood of disease transmission within and between aquaculture facilities or to the natural aquatic fauna. Also, careful consideration should be paid to the selection of species used in polyculture or integrated multitrophic aquaculture to reduce potential stress and suffering of culture individuals. Integrated aquaculture should be looked upon as a very important tool to facilitate the growth of marine aquaculture and promote sustainable development.
California ocean fisheries resources to the year 1960
The marine algæ of Denmark : contributions to their natural history. Part 3, Rhodophyceæ 3. : Ceramiales
Nitrogen-fixing cyanobacterial bloom potential in estuaries
Seaweeds of the British Isles. Vol. 1, pt. 3B, Rhodophyta : Bangiophycidae
Marine algae of the northern Gulf of California : Chlorophyta and Phaeophyceae
Marine bioconstructions : nature's architectural seascapes
A taxonomic revision of the marine species of Cladophora (Chlorophyta) along the coasts of Japan and the Russian Far-east
Allelopathic effects of filamentous cyanobacteria on phytoplankton in the Baltic Sea
Changes in the spatial distribution and occurence of bladderwrack, Fucus vesiculosus (L.) between 1993 and 2007 in the Archipelago Sea, S-W FINLAND
Brassica crops are rich is phytochemical compounds and frequent consumption of these vegetables has been associated with a lower risk in cancer, heart disease, hypertension and stroke. The effect of three commercial extracts of the brown seaweed, Ascophyllum nodosum, on phytochemical content and yield in cabbage plants was tested under field conditions in two consecutive crops. Total phenolic content was higher in all seaweed treated plants, with the highest increase recorded with AlgaeGreenTM (3.5 l ha-1) with a 2 fold increase relative to the control. The other commercial seaweed extract, XT achieved a lower increases of 1.3 fold (3.5 l ha-1). Similar increases were recorded in total flavonoid content. No statistically significant increases in yield were recorded with any of the seaweed extracts tested. The results suggest that seaweed extracts stimulated an increased accumulation of phytochemicals in cabbage but had no significant effect in yield under these experimental conditions.
Dynamics of macroalgal vegetation in the northern Baltic Sea : evaluating the effects of weather and eutrophication
Environmental influences on benthic macrovegetation in the Trosa - Askö area, northern Baltic proper. 2, The ecology of macroalgae and submersed phanerogams
Complex of anionic polysaccharides with metal salts. 3, [iota]-Carrageenan
Studies in Cladophora
Aspects of the marine algal vegetation of North Norway
Charophytes of the Baltic Sea
A checklist of benthic marine algae of the tropical and subtropical western Atlantic : second revision
Characterisation of cyanobacterial strains originating from the Baltic Sea with emphasis on Nodularia and its toxin, Nodularin
The value of seaweed as a nitrogen abatement measure
A guide to the seaweed industry
Toxins and biologically active compounds from microalgae. Volume 1, Origin, chemistry and detection
Consequences of eutrophication in the Baltic Sea : can structure and functions of the Phytobenthos persist?
Eutrophication and grazing pressure on the brown alga Fucus vesiculosus by the herbivorous isopod Idotea baltica
Migrations and dispersal of marine organisms : proceedings of the 37th European Marine Biology Symposium held in Reykjavik, Iceland, 5-9 August 2002
FAO field project reports on aquaculture : indexed bibliography, 1966-1995
Supplement to Smith's Marine algae of the Monterey Peninsula
Ecological responses of Fucus vesiculosus L. along environmental gradients in the northern Baltic Sea
The role of phosphorus as a regulator of bloom-forming diazotrophic cyanobacteria in the Baltic Sea
The economics of small-scale seaweed production in the South China sea region
Marine phytoplankton : selected microphytoplankton species from the North Sea around Helgoland and Sylt
Taxonomy and ecology of microalgae in marine and brackish water environment : proceedings of a Nordic Symposium...August 24-31, 1978, Tvärminne Zoological Station, Finland
Marine cosmeceuticals : trends and prospects
The coralline red algal herbarium of Mikael Foslie : revised catalogue with analyses
Accumulation of cyanobacterial hepatotoxins and okadaic acid in mussel and fish tissues from the Baltic Sea
Sea farming and sea ranching in China
Seaweed in agriculture & horticulture
Seaweeds and their uses
Field guide to the living marine resources of Namibia
Code-list P4 : marine benthic algae : version 86165-GUZ = Kodlista P4 : marina bentosalger : version 86165-GUZ
Enhancement of phenolic and flavonoid compounds in cabbage (Brassica oleraceae) following application of commercial seaweed extracts of the brown seaweed, (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Contributions to a monograph of the Lithotamnia
The life cycle and genetic structure of the red alga Furcellaria lumbricalis on a salinity gradient
Toxic cyanobacteria in Finnish fresh waters and the Baltic Sea
Marine benthic dinoflagellates : unveiling their worldwide biodiversity
Seaweed research in crop production 1958-1978
Real-time coastal observing systems for marine ecosystem dynamics and harmful algal blooms : theory, instrumentation and modelling
The living marine resources of the western central Pacific. Volumes 1-6
Cryptic coloration, microhabitat choise and polymorphism in Idotea baltica (Isopoda)
Marine algae of the northern Gulf of California. 2, Rhodophyta
Observations on the recent diatom flora of lakes, rivers and the Baltic Sea, Southern Finland
Filamentous rock-pool algae in the Tvärminne archipelago, S. coast of Finland
Observations on age-dimensional structure of Fucus vesiculosus : the dominating species of waters at the Barents Sea and the Kola Bay
Eating and healing : traditional food as medicine
Contributions to a monograph of the Lithothamnia
Ecophysiological characteristics of the Baltic Sea N2-fixing cyanobacteria Aphanizomenon and Nodularia
Genetic diversity and microcystin production by Anabaena in the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
