http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5805 Centaurea
Centaurea
The complete dramatic works
Learning to talk : short stories
Darling companion
Beyond the blossoming fields
Fifteen-year-old Ari Mendoza is an angry loner with a brother in prison, but when he meets Dante and they become friends, Ari starts to ask questions about himself, his parents, and his family that he has never asked before / Library of Congress.
Some kind of hero : 007 : the remarkable story of the James Bond films
The thistles of Canada
The Throwaways
The gift
"Return to the world of the Liveships Traders and journey along the Rain Wild River in the second instalment of high adventure from the author of the internationally acclaimed Farseer trilogy. The dragon keepers and the fledgling dragons are forging a passage up the treacherous Rain Wild River. They are in search of the mythical Elderling city of Kelsingra, and are accompanied by the liveship Tarman, its captain, Leftrin, and a group of hunters who must search the forests for game with which to keep the dragons fed. With them are Alise, who has escaped her cold marriage to the cruel libertine Hest Finbok in order to continue her study of dragons, and Hest's amanuensis, Bingtown dandy, Sedric. Rivalries and romances are already threatening to disrupt the band of explorers: but external forces may prove to be even more dangerous. Chalcedean merchants are keen to lay hands on dragon blood and organs to turn them to medicines and profit. Their traitor has infiltrated the expeditionand will stop at nothing to obtain the coveted body parts. And then there are the Rain Wilds themselves: mysterious, unstable and ever perilous, its mighty river running with acid, its jungle impenetrable and its waterways uncharted. Will the expedition reach their destination unscathed? Does the city of Kelsingra even exist? Only one thing is certain: the journey will leave none of the dragons nor their human companions unchanged by the experience." / WorldCat.
Asterix in Spain
Bullet catcher
Centaurea glabro-auriculata (Asteraceae), a new species from Turkey
Need for speed
Chasing the stars
The Secret Circle : the initiation and the captive part 1
Aristotle and Dante discover the secrets of the universe
The Classic Horror Stories
Gray mountain
Cocaine blues : a Phryne Fisher mystery
Äidit & lapset : mother and child
The lady
They say you can't outrun a bullet - what if you could stop one? When Troy is caught up in a terrorist attack that takes the lives of his parents, he discovers an amazing power - bullets can't harm him. Soon he is recruited into a secret organisation where he meets Kasia, a girl with her own remarkable talent, and the two put their powers to use. Exhilarating action meets heart-pounding suspense in the first title of this trilogy / WorldCat.
Pirates! : classic tales of treasure, mäyhem and high seas skullduggery
The house of Hades
Centaurea ertugruliana (Asteraceae), a new species from Turkey
The decline of diffuse knapweed in British Columbia
Comfort food
Performance of two Centaurea species in response to different root-associated microbial communities and to alterations in nutrient availability
The great Divorce : a dream
The initiation and the captive. Part 1
