http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p580 places of sacrifice
places of sacrifice
Finnish folklore atlas. 2, Ethnic Culture of Finland
The role of the Sámi in fur trading during the Late Iron Age and Nordic Medieval period in the light of the Sámi sacrificial sites in Lapland, northern Sweden
Survivals of the cult of sacrifice stones in Finland
Archaeological investigations at the Sámi sacrificial site of Ukonsaari in Lake Inari
The atlas of holy places and sacred sites
In this volume two important veins of interdisciplinary research into the medieval period in Scandinavia and the Baltic region are merged, namely the Christianization process and landscape studies. The volume authors approach the common theme of sacrality in landscape from such various viewpoints as archaeology, philology, history of religion, theology, history, classical studies, and art history. A common theme in all articles is a theoretical approach, complemented by illustrative case studies from the Scandinavian, Baltic, or Classical worlds. Aspects of pagan religion, as well as Christianity and the establishment of the early Church, are considered within both geographical setting and social landscape, while the study of maps, place names, and settlement patterns introduces new methodologies and perspectives to expose and define the sacral landscape of these regions. The contributions are put into perspective by a comparison with research into the sacral landscapes of Central Europe and the Classical world. New interdisciplinary research methods and new models have been developed by the contributors to present new vistas of sacrality in the Scandinavian and the Baltic landscape. To open up these case studies, a selection of over sixty images and maps accompanies this cutting-edge research, allowing the reader to explore sacralization and the Christianization process within its medieval setting.
Tree people
Ritual passage, sacred journey : the process and organization of religious movement
Sjiele sacrifices, Odin treasures and Saami graves?
Stalking the soul : emotional abuse and the erosion of identity
An attempt to use blood residue analysis to identify sacrificial practices at Sieidi sites
Vanished
Great stone circles : fables, fictions, facts
Forensic psychology for dummies
The traveller's guide to sacred Scotland : a guide to Scotland's ancient sites and sacred places
Stone worlds : narrative and reflexivity in landscape archaeology
Saami pre-Christian religion : studies on the oldest traces of religion among the Saamis
Sacred and profane livelihood : animal bones from Sieidi sites in Northern Finland
Crime scene actions and offender characteristics in unknown offender aggravated assaults and homecides
"It could be one thing or another" : on the construction of an archaeological category
Máttut - máddagat : the roots of Saami ethnicities, societies and spaces, places
The gift of fear : survival signals that protect us from violence
Summary: The holy places of the Lapps.
Khanty : people of the taiga : surviving the twentieth century
Illerup Ådal : archaeology as a magic mirror
New archaeological finds from the territory of the Southern Saamis
Sacrificial sites, types and function
The litigators
War and worship : textiles from 3rd to 4th-century AD weapon deposits in Denmark and northern Germany
Circular sacrificial sites and their function
Osteological evaluation of reindeer bone finds from the territory of the Southern Saamis
Sacred sites and holy places : exploring the sacralization of landscape through time and space
Offender profiling in cases of Swedish stranger rapes
Cult stones of the Russian North
Quartzite at a sieaidi : a new life of an offering site?
Summary: The message of ornaments : luxury or necessity?.
Piles of bones, cult-places or something else?
A guide to mystical France : secrets, mysteries, sacred sites
The making of Stonehenge
An Osteological Analysis of Human and Animal Bones from Leväluhta
Midwinter sacrifice
Sacrificial sites, dwelling sites or trading depots?
Siberia : life on the taiga and tundra
Drawing conclusions
