http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5817 circulation (publishing)
circulation (publishing)
Wolf spiders (Araneae, Lycosidae) in the three habitats at Hämeenkyrö, SW Finland
Female dimorphism and distribution of Hyphydrus ovatus in eastern Fennoscandia: Coleoptera, Dytiscidae
Pholcus phalangioides in Finland (Araneae, Pholcidae)
Prangos turcica (Apiaceae), a new species from South Anatolia, Turkey
Hepatics (Bryophyta) of Tohmajärvi, North Karelia, Finland
From chaos to maps
A new series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. Carex subphysodes Popov ex V.Krecz., Astragalus sogdianus Bunge, Oxytropis ferganensis Vass. and Iris maracandica (Vved.) Wendelbo (all native), and also Delphinium orientalis J.Gay (alien) are reported as new to Kyrgyzstan. Sedum tetramerum Trautv. is new to Northern Tian-Shan, and Scirpoides holoschoenus (L.) Soják is new to Chatkal Range and Western Tian-Shan within Kyrgyzstan. The distribution area of Torilis arvensis (Huds.) Link is revised and expanded, and the distribution of Eremurus zoae Vved. (endemic to Kyrgyzstan) is verified and mapped. New names and combinations, Betonica sect. Foliosae (Krestovsk. & Lazkov) Lazkov, Eriophyton anomalum (Juz.) Lazkov & Sennikov, Kudrjaschevia sect. Jacubianae Lazkov, Lagochilus sect. Chlainanthus (Briq.) Lazkov, Leonurus sect. Panzerioidei (Krestovsk.) Lazkov, Phlomoides sect. Pseuderemostachys (Popov) Lazkov, and Scutellaria sect. Ramosissimae Lazkov, are provided as a result of the forthcoming monographic revision of Lamiaceae. Two hybrids are described in Eremurus, E. fuscus × E. cristatus = E. ×nikitinae Lazkov and E. cristatus × E. zoae = ×E. gypsaceus Lazkov. Places of valid publication and the authorship of Iris svetlanae (Vved.) T.Hall & Seisums and Erianthera anomala Juz. are corrected. Iris svetlanae is synonymized with I. maracandica. A new colour form (with pinkish flowers) of Betonica betoniciflora (Rupr. ex O.Fedtsch. & B.Fedtsch.) Sennikov is described. English-language designations are provided for the map of biogeographic provinces of Kyrgyzstan.
Arion ater (Gastropoda, Pulmonata: Arionidae) found in Åland, SW Finland
Absence of haematozoa on colonial White Storks Ciconia ciconia throughout their distribution range in Spain
Modeling newsprint consumption : a Finnish case study for the period 1960-1986
A new subspecies of Silene acaulis (Caryophyllaceae) from East Anatolia, Turkey
Evolution of revenue streams and the business model of newspapers : the U.S. industry between 1950-2000
Prevalence of blood parasites in two western-Mediterranean local populations of the Yellow-legged Gull Larus cachinnans michahellis
Distribution of macroalgal communities in the central Baltic Sea
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan
Echium vulgare L., chiefly a weed in the Nordic countries, was previously rather rare in the south part of mainland Finland and very rare in the Åland Islands. It has suddenly became much more common during the last twenty years. E. vulgare has been found in all municipalities of the Åland Islands, except Brändö. The reason for the rapid expansion of the species is partly road construction with possible introduction with grass seed mixtures sown on the newly constructed road slopes and verges, and partly deliberate sowing of E. vulgare along roads in the municipality of Lemland and perhaps elsewhere. A few cases of the species sudden appearance are described.
Tritomaria exsectiformis (Lophoziaceae, Hepaticae) in Finland
Summary: Development of the mass media in Finland.
One genera of agaricoid fungi (Basidiomycota): Romagnesiella and 12 species are reported as new to Finland: Agaricus macrocarpus, Arrhenia obatra, Arrhenia obscurata, Arrhenia rigidipes, Coprinellus brevisetulosus, Coprinus candidatus, Entoloma plebejum, Hydnum vesterholtii, Inocybe phaeocystidiosa, Mycena clavata, Omphalina arctica and Romagnesiella clavus. Two genera of ascomycetoid fungi (Ascomycota): Strossmayeria, Phaeomollisia and 8 species are reported as new to Finland: Arachnopeziza delicatula, Hyaloscypha diabolica, Hyalopeziza cf. tianschanica, Phaeomollisia piceae, Phialina pseudopuberula, Sphaeropezia hepaticarum, Strossmayeria basitricha and Trichopeziza subsulphurea.    Information of species recently published elsewhere: Cortinarius angustisporus, C. cacaodiscus, C. caesioarmeniacus, C. centrirufus, C. crassisporus, C. cruentiphyllus, C. davemallochii, C. ferrugineovelatus, C. furvus, C. fuscescens, C. murinascens, C. privignipallens, C. pseudofervidus, C. roseivelatus, C. roseocastaneus, C. subbrunneoideus, C. subexitiosus, C. squamivenetus, C. uraceisporus, Hebeloma eburneum, H. salicicola, Hygrophorus exiguus and Psathyrella fennoscandica is brought here together. New records of little collected and rare taxa Coprinopsis patouillardii, Cuphophyllus cinerellus, Galerina perplexa, Galerina pruinatipes, Gorgoniceps hypothallosa, Inocybe boreocarelica, Marasmius setosus, Psathyrella potteri, Psathyrella tenuicula, Russula adulterina, Russula pyriodora, Scutellinia trechispora, Sowerbyella imperialis and Volvariella murinella are also listed. Corrections of previous information are given on: Cortinarius angulosus (under C. duristipes), Coprinopsis patouillardii and Psathyrella potteri.
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 2.
The distribution of Polydora redeki (Polychaeta, Annelida) on the Baltic coast of Finland
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 4.
Extent of recent polewards range margin shifts in Finnish birds depends on their body mass and feeding ecology
Notes of the wolf spider Pardosa plumipes (Araneae, Lycosidae)
Habitual differences of Phyllonorycter salictella (Zeller, 1846) and P. heringiella (Grönlien, 1932) (Lepidoptera: Gracillariidae) in two Finnish materials; a problem pair
Distribution of genetic diversity in Fagus sylvatica at the north-eastern edge of the natural range
Joukkoviestimet 2000 = Finnish mass media
Chamonixia caespitosa found in Finland
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. One transfer in Lamiaceae, Betonica betoniciflora is proposed because of priority under the current phylogeny; a white-flowered form is described within this species. Youngia serawschanica (Crepidifolium serawschanicum) is moved to Crepidiastrum, following the phylogenetic studies in Cichorieae. The only species of the former genus Modestia, M. darwasica is transferred to Jurinea because of its nested position in the molecular phylogeny. Jurinea sect. Anacantha is proposed for the placement of this species in the system of Jurinea. Modestia jucunda, M. mira and M. pteroclada are established as new synonyms of Jurinea darwasica. New substitute names Phlomoides codonantha and P. deserticola, new combinations P. dshungarica and P. karatavica, and three new sectional names are proposed in connection with the synonymization of Eremostachys and Paraeremostachys with Phlomoides. Fritillaria ferganensis is resurrected from the synonymy of F. walujewii; an identification key is provided, and the distributions of both species in Kyrgyzstan are mapped. Lectotypes are designated for Crepis distincta and Fritillaria walujewii. Allium setifolium is new to Ili Ala-Too, Arctium echinopifolium (Hypacanthium echinopifolium) to Kyrgyz Range, Saussurea vvedenskyi to Talas Ala-Too, Hypopitys hypophegea to Chatkal Range. Rhaponticum namanganicum is recorded on the S side of Chatkal Range, extending the distribution area southwards..
Cultural factors in the distribution of soil mites in Finland
Androsace septentrionalis (Primulaceae), a new species for the Balkan flora
New data on the distribution of Sphagnum molle in Karelia (Russia)
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. The presence of Scutellaria popovii Vved. in Talas Range is confirmed and documented with herbarium specimens, and this species is mapped. The known distributions of Galinsoga parviflora Cav. and Reseda lutea L., established invasive aliens, are documented with many new records and mapped. Eminium alberti (Regel) Engl. ex B. Fedtsch., Iris inconspicua (Vved.) T. Hall & Seisums, I. khassanovii Tojibaev et Turginov and Lagopsis flava Kar. et Kir. are reported as new to Kyrgyzstan. Astragalus testiculatus Pall., Corydalis glaucescens Regel, Morina parviflora Kar. et Kir., Pedicularis karatavica Pavlov, Tulipa turkestanica (Regel) Regel are reported as new to Talas Range, and Iris narbutii O. Fedtsch. as new to Alay Range. The distributions of Iris linifolia (Regel) O. Fedtsch. and I. narynensis O. Fedtsch. in Kyrgyzstan are verified and mapped. Iris zenaidae (Vved.) F.O. Khass. & Rakhimova is reduced to the synonymy of I. graeberiana Sealy; this species is reported as new to many territories of Western Tian-Shan. A new combination, Iris rodionenkoi (Lazkov & Naumenko) Lazkov & Sennikov is provided for Juno rodionenkoi Lazkov & Naumenko. The species known as Cephalorrhynchus polycladus (Boiss.) Kirp. is transferred to Lactuca as L. piestocarpa (Boiss.) Sennikov, comb. nov. with a new section, L. sect. Zollikoferiastrum (Kirp.) Sennikov, comb. nov.; this species is new to Kyrgyzstan.
Suomalainen sukunimikartasto = Atlas of Finnish surnames. 2, Karjalassa esiintyneet nimet = Karelian names
Crataegus turcicus (Rosaceae), a new species from NE Turkey
A small stand of Slender Rush or Path Rush, Juncus tenuis Willd., was found on trampled gravelly and stony ground at the edge of a car park on a path to café Soltuna on the hills of Geta (Getabergen). There were only 3 larger and 13 small tussocks of the species growing on approximately one square metre. The accompanying vascular plants were few; Agrostis cf. capillaris, Juncus effusus, Leontodon autumnalis, Plantago major subsp. major and Poa annua were the only taxa observed among the rush tussocks. Juncus tenuis was not seen during investigations of the vascular plant flora at Soltuna in 2003 and 2007. Juncus tenuis is introduced from North America to Europe and elsewhere....
Distribution of breeding, wintering, and resident waterbirds in Europe: biotic regions and the macroclimate
Anisothecium staphylinum and Bryum violaceum (Bryophyta) in South Häme, Finland
The study was planned to find evidence on potential cultural factors in occurrence and distribution of soil-living mites (Oribatida and Mesostigmata) in Finland. Samples were taken from meadows, gardens and forest edges at (a) isolated cottages and (b) culturally exposed farms in two areas, Sipoo/Mäntsälä and Ilomantsi. Multiple factorial analyses revealed significant differences only between the areas. Number of species was lower in Ilomantsi, where several ”southern” species were absent. The typical forest species were more abundant in the forest habitat. There was no difference between ”Cottages” and ”Farms”..
A new record of Arctic Bramble, Rubus arcticus, in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Atlas of Finnic languages : theory and realization
Leucopis formosana Henning (Diptera, Chamaemyiidae) - synonymy, distribution, food links
Pulp culture : the art of fiction magazines
In 2013 and 2015 several specimens of the opilionid Platybunus pinetorum (C.L. Koch, 1839) were found in Sweden in two different places almost 500 kilometers from each other. The species was not previously known in the country. The discovery initiated a survey of specimens reported as Rilaena triangularis (Herbst, 1799) on two Swedish web pages, in search for misidentified P. pinetorum. A further three specimens of the new species were found, indicating that it is already rather widespread in southern Sweden.
Colour terms in the Finnic Atlas
An understanding of the genetic variation of the beech, especially at the edge of its natural distribution, is essential because of the change in natural distribution of the species resulting from changing climatic conditions. The main aim of the study was to determine the level of genetic diversity of European beech at the north-eastern edge of its natural range. The other aim was to check the genetic variation of beech from the two centres, the north and the south of Poland, which were identified in previous findings based on pollen analyses and phenotypic traits. The research material was the progeny of twelve beech provenances. The genetic structure of the populations was determined by ten highly variable microsatellite DNA loci. The results confirmed the high genetic diversity of beech at the north-eastern edge of its natural distribution, which infers the probability of their good adaptation to the changing climate and an extension of the range. Genetic analyses confirmed the existence of two genetic centres for beech in Poland. The populations from south-eastern Poland had a slightly higher diversity than the populations from the north-western area, which may indicate that the colonisation of Poland occurred by two routes. The results are important for creating the borders of the provenance regions and for limiting the transfer of seeds and seedlings. The choice of forest reproductive material, based on the knowledge of genetic diversity, is very important for the stability of future forests.
Distribution and nymphal age of Dinocras cephalotes (Curtis) (Plecoptera: Perlidae) in northern Finland
The magazine publishing industry
The distribution of Aulacomnium androgynum and A. turgidum (Musci, Aulacomniaceae) in northwestern Europe
The distribution of bark beetles in the Nordic Countries
First records of spiders (Araneae) Baryphyma gowerense (Locket, 1965) (Linyphiidae), Entelecara flavipes (Blackwall, 1834) (Linyphiidae) and Rugathodes instabilis (O. P.-Cambridge, 1871) (Theridiidae) in Finland
Records are presented of two land snail species which were not earlier known from Finland. Macrogastra borealis (O. Boettger, 1878) (Clausiliidae) was found already in the year 2006 from a nature reserve in Urjala, southwestern Finland (WGS84 lat: 60.9924 lon: 23.4476), but at first the species was misidentified. Totally 14 specimens were collected. The habitat is old mixed forest on dolomitic bedrock. The nearest records of Macrogastra borealis are from Estonia, 300 km southeast to Urjala. Quickella arenaria (Potiez & Michaud, 1835) (Succineidae) was found in the year 2013 from Oulanka National Park in Kuusamo, northeastern Finland (WGS84 lat: 66.3574 lon: 29.5998). Totally 19 specimens were collected from wet vegetation along a calcareous spring brook. The nearest records of Quickella arenaria have been made in northern Sweden, more than 600 km southwest to Kuusamo. Data about accompanying molluscs are given for both of the two new species. It is suggested that the present remote sites of Macrogastra borealis, Quickella arenaria and some other snail species are perhaps relics from wider ranges in earlier more favourable climatic periods.
Mangora acalypha new to Finland, with notes on other araneid species spreading northwards (Araneae, Araneidae)
Distribution of Pomatoschistus minutus and P. microps (Gobiidae, Pisces) in the Bothnian Sea : importance of salinity and temperature
Nemoral species of Lepidoptera (Insecta) in Siberia: a novel view on their history and the timing of their range disjunctions
The Arctic Bramble, Rubus arcticus L., was found in Gottby in the municipality of Jomala, the Åland Islands, SW Finland, in June 2009. It was both flowering and fruiting, although rather sparingly. This boreal species has not been observed in the Åland Islands since 1950. The total distribution of the species is outlined. An account is given of the previous six observations of R. arcticus in Åland. The dispersal of the seeds (endocarps with seeds) of R. arcticus is treated..
Platybunus pinetorum (Arachnida, Opiliones) new to Sweden
Two specimens of Mangora acalypha (Walckenaer, 1802) were found in a rich pine fen in Hammarland on the Åland Islands in 2015. The possible connection of global climate change with five recently (within the last 15 years) recorded araneid species as new to Finland is discussed. These are, in addition to M. acalypha, Agalenatea redii (Scopoli, 1763), Argiope bruennichi (Scopoli, 1772), Larinioides sclopetarius (Clerck, 1757), Neoscona adianta (Walckenaer, 1802).
Helianthemum nummularium (L.) Mill. in the Karelian Republic, Russian Federation
The formative terve in the Atlas of Finnic Languages
Taxonomic studies on Cryphaea (Cryphaeaceae, Bryopsida). 2, Revision of Asian species
Distribution and ecology of five threatened lichen species on shaded rock faces in Finland
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. Two new hybrids (Delphinium × pskemense Sennikov & Lazkov, Perovskia × intermedia Lazkov) are described. The variety Rhinactinidia limoniifolia var. brachyglossa Lazkov & Sennikov and forma Rubus praecox Bertol. f. rutiliflorus H.E.Weber & Sennikov are described for unusual morphotypes of these species. Five transfers from Pyrethrum to Richteria (R. brachanthemoides (Kamelin & Lazkov) Sennikov, R. neglecta (Tzvelev) Sennikov, R. sovetkinae (Kovalevsk.) Sennikov, R. sussamyrensis (Lazkov) Sennikov, R. sect. Trichanthemopsis (Tzvelev) Sennikov) are proposed in conformity with the phylogeny of Anthemideae....
The old record of Chamorchis alpina from Rybachiy Peninsula, Murmansk Region has been confirmed and another old locality reported from Pechenga on the basis of two herbarium specimens collected by Jacob Fellman (H). The specimen from Pechenga was wrongly published as Herminium monorchis in Fellman's Index plantarum 1831. Chamorchis alpina has not been found in the Murmansk Region since more than 180 years, and it is proposed to be treated as regionally extinct (RE) in the Red Data Books dealing with the Region....
The ecology and distribution of Carex remota in Finland
Two land snail species new to Finland: Macrogastra borealis (O. Boettger, 1878) and Quickella arenaria (Potiez & Michaud, 1835) (Mollusca: Gastropoda)
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Atlas of Finnic languages : drawing program for the maps
First record of the invasive prawn Palaemon elegans in the brackish northern Baltic Sea
First record of Cardamine impatiens in Finland
The invasion of books in peripheral literary fields : transmitting preferences and images in media, network and translation
The geographical range of the synanthropic spider Pholcus phalangioides is increasing. During the 15 years since its first documented occurrence in Finland, observations have accumulated substantially. Notably, a public inquiry in 2014 almost doubled the amount. Presently the total number of observations is 62, most of them from the southwestern parts of the country, the northernmost being from Pietarsaari (63°40' N).
Variation, distribution and taxonomy of Chenopodium suecicum and C. album in N Europe
Bryophyte flora of Hunan Province, China. 1    , Bryophytes from Mangshan Nature Reserve and Wulingyuan Global Cultural Heritage Area
The vanishing newspaper : saving journalism in the information age
Foraging niches of two passerines at their subarctic limit of distribution: the Siberian Tit Parus cinctus and the Pied Flycatcher Ficedula hypoleuca
Otter (Lutra lutra) count in Central Finland in 1986-1987
Baryphyma gowerense (Locket, 1965), Entelecara flavipes (Blackwall, 1834) and Rugathodes instabilis (O. P.-Cambridge, 1871) are reported for the first time in Finland. The first species was found by pitfall trapping on a wide aapa mire in Lapland and the two others by sweep netting on hemiboreal meadows on the Finnish south coast. The spider assemblages of the sites are described.
The northern amphi-atlantic seashore sedge Carex mackenziei V. I. Krecz. was found by us in four localities in 2008-2011, two in Kökar and one in Brändö in the eastern archipelago and one in Sund on the mainland of Åland. The hybrid C. canescens L. × mackenziei (C. × pseudohelvola Kihlm.), which occurs regularly together with C. mackenziei, was found in Sund in 2010 and 2011. The generaldistribution of the two taxa is outlined. The previous finds of C. mackenziei and the hybrid in the Åland Islands during the 19th and 20th centuries are referred to. The future of Carex mackenziei and its hybrid in the Åland Islands is discussed..
Echium vulgare (Boraginaceae) in the Åland Islands
Summary.
Octolasion cyaneum and Lumbricus festivus (Oligochaeta, Lumbricidae) found in Åland, SW Finland
Red wood ants in North America
Helsingin pesimälintujen levinneisyyskartasto = Atlas maps of breeding birds in Helsinki
Notes on the taxonomy and distribution of Lejeunea neelgherriana and Tuyamaella serratistipa (Hepaticae, Lejeuneaceae)
Juncus tenuis found in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Distribution and abundance of invertebrates causing fouling in power plants on the Finnish coast
New national and regional biological records for Finland 5. Contributions to agaricoid and ascomycetoid taxa of fungi 4.
Aporrectodea longa (Oligochaeta, Lumbricidae) in Finland
Distribution and co-existence of the Macropis species and their cleptoparasite Epeoloides coecutiens (Fabr.) in NW Europe (Hymenoptera: Apoidea, Melittidae and Apidae)
Chamorchis alpina and Epipactis helleborine in the Murmansk Region, Russia, and assessments of the orchids in the Region using the IUCN Red List Categories
The Polistes species in northern Europe (Hymenoptera: Vespidae)
Press and regions in Scandinavia
Kikimora palustris Eskov, 1988 (Araneae: Linyphiidae) found in Europe
Notes on the distribution and ecology of a threatened moss, Buxbaumia viridis (DC.) Moug. & Nestl., in Finland
Interesting collection of Corixidae (Heteroptera) from a fish pond
The results of aircraft survey of Ladoga ringed seals
Carex mackenziei and C. canescens × mackenziei in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 3.
Visakoivu = Curly birch
