http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5825 text recognition
text recognition
Natural Interface to Improve Human-Computer Interaction for People with Upper Limb Disabilities : Exploring the Potentials of Voice Input and Hand Gestures in Application Development to Improve the Communication Possibilities of People with Motor Disorders
Summarizing the content of web pages
Language processing with perl and prolog : theories, implementation, and application
Development of a Vision System and  Basic Drawing with NAO Robot
Proceedings of Louhi'08 : the first conference on text and data mining of clinical documents, September 3rd - 4th, 2008, Turku, Finland
Semantic classes in topic detection and tracking
The goal of the thesis was the implementation of optical character recognition (OCR) based on a neural network. Especially thesis was focused on Kohonen-neural network learning algorithms. Self organizing map (SOM) had been selected for OCR implementation. The product of this work was a program that recognizes captcha (Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart). The program?s source code had been explained by presenting every Java-class with comments. Important processes of down sampling and feeding captcha into neural network had been described. The work showed the ability of Kohonen neural network to learn and recognize characters. Thanks to its architecture learning and recognition is going quite quickly. The work also showed that implementing multiple samples for a single character could improve networks accuracy and speed of the network.
Handbook of statistics. Vol. 31, Machine learning : theory and applications
Text-to-phoneme mapping using neural networks
The areas of natural language processing and computational linguistics have continued to grow in recent years, driven by the demand to automatically process text and spoken data. With the processing power and techniques now available, research is scaling up from lab prototypes to real-world, proven applications. This book teaches the principles of natural language processing, first covering practical linguistics issues such as encoding and annotation schemes, defining words, tokens and parts of speech, and morphology, as well as key concepts in machine learning, such as entropy, regression, and classification, which are used throughout the book. It then details the language-processing functions involved, including part-of-speech tagging using rules and stochastic techniques, using Prolog to write phase-structure grammars, syntactic formalisms and parsing techniques, semantics, predicate logic, and lexical semantics, and analysis of discourse and applications in dialogue systems. A key feature of the book is the author's hands-on approach throughout, with sample code in Prolog and Perl, extensive exercises, and a detailed introduction to Prolog. The reader is supported with a companion website that contains teaching slides, programs, and additional material. The second edition is a complete revision of the techniques exposed in the book to reflect advances in the field, the author redesigned or updated all the chapters, added two new ones, and considerably expanded the sections on machine-learning techniques.
Natural language processing for historical texts
On optical character recognition in mobile appliances with imaging capability
Analysis and refinement of text-mining-derived biological interaction data
Neural network optical character recognition
More and more historical texts are becoming available in digital form. Digitization of paper documents is motivated by the aim of preserving cultural heritage and making it more accessible, both to laypeople and scholars. As digital images cannot be searched for text, digitization projects increasingly strive to create digital text, which can be searched and otherwise automatically processed, in addition to facsimiles. Indeed, the emerging field of digital humanities heavily relies on the availability of digital text for its studies. Together with the increasing availability of historical texts in digital form, there is a growing interest in applying natural language processing (NLP) methods and tools to historical texts. However, the specific linguistic properties of historical texts--the lack of standardized orthography in particular--pose special challenges for NLP.
