http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5829 saints (Orthodox)
saints (Orthodox)
The sociology of sacred texts
Ways of Byzantine philosophy
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. IV, [Oct. 15 - Dec. 31]
Scripture in the world religions : a short introduction
The Mahābhārata. Vol. 3, [Book 4]: The book of Virata, [Book 5]: The book of the effort
The Holy Bible : new revised standard version : containing the Old and New Testaments
The voice, the word, the books : the sacred scripture of the Jews, Christians, and Muslims
The round house
Athanasius
The imperial method revisited : stylising images of new Russian saints
Introduction to the Talmud and Midrash
Holy Rome
Martyrdom, murder, and magic : child saints and their cults in medieval Europe
The Śrautasūtras of Lātyāyana and Drāhyāyana and their commentaries. Vol. 1: 1, general introduction and appendices to Vol. 1
The golden legend : readings on the saints
Byzantine defenders of images : eight saints' lives in English translation
Nature-imagery in the works of Saint Ambrose
The Kingfisher children's Bible
The Haphtara cycle : a handbook of the Jewish year
Developing Domestic Conference Tourism at Pyhätunturi Leisure Tourism Centre
How to know god : the Yoga aphorisms of Patanjali
In the article the issue of sacrality is explored from the points of view of cultural anthropology and cognitive science of religion. Culture-specific contents of meaning bestowed on the notion of "sacred" are not approached as religious representations in which some theologically defined agent, metaphysical entity or otherworldly level of existence is believed to manifest itself to human beings. Instead, various attributions of sacrality are explored as representations of the general mental capacity of human beings to set apart places and sites in specific locations and points of terrain in local topography in order to mark ritual spaces and establish rules of conduct for their maintenance as well as for specific social valus and categorizations on which the inviolability of behavioral norms is based.
The article discusses methodological similarities and differences between Uno Harva and Mircea Eliade, with the objective of reassessing the value of their comparativist programs for the study of religion in general and of 'religious' cognition in particular. The Finnish scholar Uno Holmberg-Harva (1882-1949) was a predecessor to Eliade as a scholar of Asian and European religious history. During the first three decades of the twentieth century, when the academic study of religion was still maturing in Europe, Harva expanded considerably the field of the ethnological study of religion with his religio-phenomenological monographs Der Baum des Lebens (1922), Finno-Ugric, Siberian Mythology (1927) and Die Religiösen Vorstellungen der Altaischen Völker (1938). Harva was a towering figure in Finnish scholarship. Originally a Protestant theologian and Lutheran minister, he resigned from his ecclesiastical position to become a historian of religion, field ethnographer, ethnosociologist and folklorist under the tutelage of Edward Westermarck and Kaarle Krohn. Harva's influence on the work of Eliade has been almost entirely ignorant by historiographers of Religious Studies.
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 28, The sacred books of China : the texts of Confucianism : part 4
The Synaxarion : the lives of the saints of the Orthodox Church. Vol. 5, May, June
Saints and sacred matter : the cult of relics in Byzantium and beyond
Dialogues of the Buddha. Part 2, vol 3
The St. Catherine's vision collection. Vol. 1, Encountering women of faith
The Qur'an in Islam : its impact and influence on the life of Muslims
Long-term nutrient load management and lake restoration : case of Säkylän Pyhäjärvi (SW Finland)
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. I, [Jan. 1 - April 30]
Introduction to Saint Gregory Palamas
The warrior saints in old Bulgarian art : legends and reality
Hindu scriptures : hymns from the Rigveda, five Upanishads, the Bhagavadgita
Wandering with sadhus : ascetics in the Hindu Himalayas
Borders : of boundaries, transitions and transgressions : a response to Gavin Flood
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 19, The Fo-sho-hing-tsan-king : a life of Buddha by Asvaghosha Bodhisattva
The life and struggles of our mother Walatta Petros : a seventeenth-century African biography of an Ethiopian woman
Kassia the nun in context : the religious thought of a ninth-century Byzantine monastic
The teaching of Buddha
Nil Sorsky : the authentic writings
Jacob of Sarug's Homily on Jephthah's daughter
Ṛgveda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation and notes. Vol. 1, (Maṇḍala 1)
Insanity and sanctity in Byzantium : the ambiguity of religious experience
The holy place : the mystery of Rennes-le-Chateau
Buddhism in translations : passages selected from the Buddhist Sacred Books and translated from the original Pali into Englaish / by Henry Clarke Warren
The large sutra on perfect wisdom, with the divisions of the Abhisamayālaṅkāra
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 27, The sacred books of China : the texts of Confucianism : part 3
The 100-word Bible
On this day : the Armenian Church Synaxarion (Yaysmawurkʻ), February : a parallel Armenian-English text
The Holy Quran
The Christian heritage in the Holy Land
Saints and monasteries in Ethiopia
The English translation of the Holy Qur'an. Volume 1 : Surahs 1-3: based on M. H. Shakir's : with the Arabian text
The holy Bible : new international version : containing The Old Testament and The New Testament
The Holy Bible : NKJV = New King James version : containing the Old and New Testaments
The Holy Vedas : a golden treasury
The book of the kindred sayings (Saņyutta-nikāya) or grouped suttas. Part 1, Kindred sayings with verses (Sagāthā-vagga)
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 16, The sacred books of China : the texts of Confucianism : part 2
The triumphant church. Vol. 1, A daily synaxarion of the Eastern Orthodox Church
The book of filial duty
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 1, The Upanishads, Part 1
Married saints and blesseds : through the centuries
This article focuses on three interrelated themes in the study of ancient Greek religion, looked at through the mateiral evidence from the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia on the island of Poros, Greece. First, I look at the so-called polis model and its applicability to an interpretation of Kalaureian material related to the cultic life of the sanctuary from the point of view of the 'historiography' of Greek religion. I then discuss the historical context of the archaeological material, with particular emphasis on the topic of the sanctuary as a known place of asylum particularly during the Hellenistic period. Thirdy, I examine the archaeological material related to eating and dining and its potential connections to the demarcation between sacred and profane activities and between sacralised and profane space in the sanctuary, with special interpretative attention to the significance of border(s) and boundaries. Drawing attention to these issues may help us understand the dynamics and interplay between 'official' and 'private' aspects of ancient Greek religion, within both the tradition of the scholarship of ancient Greek religion and the so-called 'archaeology of cult'.
Holy Bible : new revised standard version : containing the Old and New Testaments
Selections from the sacred writings of the Sikhs
The Usborne family Bible
During the last twenty years, the category 'grave' has been the subject of increasing debate in Swedish archaeology. It has been recognized that monuments commonly regarded as graves are sometimes also found in cultic contexts other than those associated with death and burial. In many cases, for instance, monuments similar to graves have been erected at cult sites, and seem to have been used in sacrificial practices rather than for burials. According to archaeological, textual and onomastic sources, it was common practice in Old Norse religion to suspend sacrificial victims from trees of from upraised posts, or to deposit offerings at the base of sacred rocks and boulders. In all these cases, the trees, posts and boulders seem to be representation of the World Axis, depicted in cosmological myths as a Cosmic Tree, Pillar or Mountain. I argue that these various representations of the World Axis are also incorporated in the architectonic symbolism of several forms of grave monuments in pre-Christian Scandinavia. The architectonic shape of these monuments could thus be used in several different contexts, since they represented a 'Cosmic Center' and a 'doorway' to the Other World.
Saints : the art, the history, the inspiration
The cult of the saints
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
"The rulers of the Byzantine Empire and its commonwealth were protected both by their own soldiers and by a heavenly army: the military saints. The transformation of Saints George, Demetrios, Theodore and others into the patrons of imperial armies was one of the defining developments of religious life under the Macedonian emperors. This book provides a comprehensive study of military sainthood and its roots in late antiquity. The emergence of the cults is situated within a broader social context, in which mortal soldiers were equated with martyrs and martyrs of the early Church recruited to protect them on the battlefield. Dr White then traces the fate of these saints in early Rus, drawing on unpublished manuscripts and other under-utilised sources to discuss their veneration within the princely clan and their influence on the first native saints of Rus, Boris and Gleb, who eventually joined the ranks of their ancient counterparts"--
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. III, [July 26 - Oct. 14]
The Zend Avesta. Part 1, The sacred books of the East, vol. IV
The Holy Qur'an : English translation of the meanings and commentary
The Song Celestial or Bhagavad-Gîtâ (from the Mahâbhârata) : being a discourse between Arjuna, prince of India, and supreme being under the form of Krishna
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 24, Pahlavi texts, Part 3
Saints, legends and forgeries : the formation of the historiographical image of Valaam Monastery
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 40, The sacred books of China, the texts of Tāoism : Part 2
Al Koraan al karim = The holy Qur-an
"This volume presents selected Lives of holy men who lived on Mount Athos, the most famous Byzantine center of monasticism; it was often termed simply Hagion Oros, or the Holy Mountain. These vitae provide insights both into the history of monastic development on Athos between the ninth and fifteenth centuries, and the varieties of monastic life practiced communally in large monasteries as well as individually in huts and caves. We have chosen six vitae of five different saints, who were celebrated for their ascetic practices, gift of foresight and clairvoyance, and, in most cases, the ability to perform miracles. Euthymios and Athanasios were also famed as founders of monasteries. We offer two versions of the Life of Maximos the Hutburner, to demonstrate how hagiographic accounts of the same saint could vary, even when composed very close in time. It should be noted that, with the exception of Athanasios of Athos, the cult of these saints was essentially limited to the Holy Mountain, as can be seen by the manuscript tradition; all the surviving manuscripts of these Lives were copied on Athos."--Provided by publisher.
The Book of Mormon : another testament of Jesus Christ ; The Doctrine and covenants of the Church of Jesus of Latter-Day Saints ; The Pearl of great price
Solovetski Patricon : the holy fathers of the Solovetski Isles
dents of cultural memory: the crypt and its various analogies to the question of remembrance without memory.
Design, construction and commissioning of the EMMA experiment
Religion : the basics
Holy Bible : new international version
The Bundahishn ("Creation"), or knowledge from the Zand
Through camps to Great Mother : nazi camps and temple sites
The traveller's guide to sacred Scotland : a guide to Scotland's ancient sites and sacred places
The life of Lazaros of Mt. Galesion : an eleventh-century pillar saint
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi on the Bhagavad-gita : a new translation and commentary with Sanskrit text. Chapters 1 to 6.
The Qur'an
Sacred books of the world : a companion source-book to Comparative religion
The Zend Avesta. Part 2, The sacred books of the East, vol. XXIII
The teachings of Zoroaster and the philosophy of the Parsi religion (1908)
The Mahābhārata. 1, [Book 1]: The book of the beginning
The crypt : probing the obscure administration of cultural memory
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. V, [Supplementary volume from A.D. 1773]
On this day : the Armenian Church Synaxarion (Yaysmawurkʻ), January : a parallel Armenian-English text
Textual sources for the study of Zoroastrianism
Rethinking 'religious' cognition : the Eliadean notion of the sacred in the light of the legacy of Uno Harva
Flowers from the desert : sayings on humility, obedience, repentance, and love from the Christian hermits of ancient times
The Skanda-Purāna. Part 8
Lives of eminent Russian prelates: I. Nikon, sixth Patriarch of Moscow, II. Saint Demetrius, Metropolitan of Rostoff, III: Michael, Metropolitan of Novgorod and Saint Petersburg
The Mahābhārata. Vol. 2, [Book 2]: The book of the assembly hall, [Book 3]:, The book of the forest
The Markandeya Purāna
Bhagavad-gītā : an exegetical commentary
The Mānava śrautasūtra belonging to the Maitrāyanī saṁhitā = Mānavaśrautasūtram. Vol. 1
The Book of Mormon : an account written by the hand of Mormon upon plates taken from the plates of Nephi
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 3, The sacred books of China : the texts of Confucianism : part 1
The Synaxarion : the lives of the saints of the Orthodox Church. Vol. 6, July, August
The grave as a doorway to the other world : architectural religious symbolism in Iron Age graves in Scandinavia
Śrī Guru Granth Sāhib : with complete index. Part 1
The book of Mormon : an account written by the hand of Mormon upon plates taken from the plates of Nephi
Saint Petka : a Balkan saint : a case study on Orthodox women saints
Simple and bold : Ephrem's art of symbolic thought
Christian morality : containing thirteen soul-benefiting discourses, contrived for the improvement of the poor morals of christians, and additionally, the most basic commandments of the old and new testaments
Enlightener of Rusʹ : the image of Vladimir Sviatoslavich across the centuries
The Mānava śrautasūtra belonging to the Maitrāyanī saṁhitā = Mānavaśrautasūtram. Vol. 2
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
The Bhagavadgītā
Summary
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 37, Pahlavi texts, Part 4
The book of Mormon : another testament of Jesus Christ ; The doctrine and covenants of the Church of Jesus of Latter-day Saints ; The pearl of great price
From reality to subject : a sympathetic, yet critical reading of Eliade
Jacob of Sarug's Homilies on women whom Jesus met
The Koran
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 15, The Upanishads, Part 2
The Bhagavad-Gītā
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 47, Pahlavi texts, Part 5
The art of seeing : paradox and perception in Orthodox iconography
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 39, The sacred books of China, the texts of Tāoism : Part 1
The St. Catherine's vision collection. Vol. 2, Encountering women of faith
Ecclesiasticus. 2, Orthodox icons, saints, feasts and prayer
Ecclesiasticus II: Orthodox Icons, Saints, Feasts and Prayer brings together essays, which were delivered on various occasions and are arranged into four general topics-hence the subtitle. The first section on Icons offers an introductory lecture on the iconoclastic dispute with a select (updated) bibliography and a fresh exposition, on the basis of the original text of St. John of Damascus' Defense of the Icons. The second section on Saints represents an introduction to Orthodox Hagiography, which was prepared for the Orthodox-Reformed Dialogue, and offers an extensive bibliography on the subject. The third section on Feasts is a general presentation of the major movable and immovable feasts of the Orthodox liturgical years and dovetails with the section on the Saints. Finally, the fourth section on Prayer offers two expositions of the Lord's Prayer, one by St. Maximos the Confessor and another by St. Macarios of Corinth, which are representative of the patristic understanding of this Prayer that constitutes the basis of Orthodox spirituality.
A glossary of Kumarajiva's translation of the Lotus sutra : = Miaofa lianhua jing cidian
Holy men of Mount Athos
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 5, Pahlavi texts, Part 1
The Skanda-Purāna. Part 5
Avesta : religious books of the Parsees
The holy Qur-an : English translation of the meanings and commentary
The lives of Simeon Stylites
The Oxford dictionary of saints
The role of Bhagavad Gita in Indian history
The Zend-Avesta
Military saints in Byzantium and Rus, 900-1200
Intercessors on the part of Russia : lives of the mothers Dunja, Matrona and Makarija
The Skanda-Purāna. Part 9
Service for all saints of Russia
Life and recent miracles of Saint John the Russian
Good news Bible
Drinking from the hidden fountain : a patristic breviary : ancient wisdom for today's world
The rise of ISIS : a threat we can't ignore
Sacralization of the urban footpath, with special reference to pavement shrines in Chennai City, South India
Four great saints
From polis to borders : demarcation of social and ritual space in the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia, Greece
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 18, Pahlavi texts, Part 2
The Qur'an : a new translation
Dialogues of the Buddha. Part 3. vol 4
100 journeys for the spirit : sacred, inspiring, mysterious, enlightening
The article focuses on the question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings, with particular reference to the concept Old Norse hof . I survey the semantics of this term in written sources, in poetic traditions, in the Sagas of the Icelanders and in place names. My hypothesis is that the term does not refer to a static phenomenon, but rather its meaning varies across different sources and contexts. It is therefore often difficult to apply it as a general concept, or to connect it with a specific type of archaeological find or structure, as has occasionally been the case in the archaeology of religion.
The question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings : with particular reference to Old Norse hof
Mircea Eliade is, or at least has been, the most heavily crticised scholar of religions. A number of critics have been discontented with his 'uncritical' way of using data to illustrate or assert his insights. It has been said that Eliade's presuppositions about the nature of reality and religion are not scientific but metaphysical or theological. Eliade's sympathisers, on the other hand, have tried to show that he does after all have a method, and that a careful reading demonstrates that either his presuppositions are no more unscientific that those of anyone else or they can be rethought in a scientifically acceptable way. My starting point is both sympathetic and critical. My question is, what is Eliade actually attempting to understand when he states that he wants to understand religion at its own level? He himself states that he wants to unmask the 'revelations' of the sacred, or - as he also says - the transcendent, and their significance for modern man, who has lost his comprehension of both the sacred and its meaning. This he can do, he argues, by recapturing the way in which 'primitive' and 'archaic' cultures and ancient and modern traditions outside mainstream religions have used symbols to establish a patterned, harmonised view of the world, or - as Eliade prefers to say - reality. Both Eliade's critics and his sympathisers presumably agree that Eliade's presuppositions include statements about the 'essence' of religion, about the nature of reality, and about the ways religion operates, or should operate, in human life, or mode-of-being-in-the-world; they also agree that one of Eliade's main concern in religious studies is with symbols. In my article, I deal with these four points (essence, reality, mode-of-being and symbols), proposing a reading of Eliade which emphasises the scholar's encounter with the subject and not the 'essence' of the matter under study. In my conclusion I suggest that studying the ways in which humans use symbols, which they connect with the 'real' to construct a 'mode-of-being' - or, as William Paden put it, a 'world' - is one way of going 'beyond' Eliade.
Looks at the extremist Sunni jihadist group and argues that they present a great danger to the United States and the world, looking at the origin of the group, its objectives, and its unlawful terrorist strategies.
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. II, [May 1 - July 25]
A Eucharistic ontology : Maximus the Confessor's eschatological ontology of being as dialogical reciprocity
The Zend Avesta. Part 3, The sacred books of the East, vol. XXXI
Hindu canonical work.
The prajna paramita heart sutra
The Gathas of Zarathushtra : hymns in praise of wisdom
The book of the kindred sayings (Saņyutta-nikāya) or grouped suttas. Part 2, The nidāna book (Nidāna-vagga)
The meaning of the glorious Koran
The Northern Thebaid : monastic saints of the Russian North
The Synaxarion : the lives of the saints of the Orthodox Church. Vol. 7, Appendix, General Index
The sacred hilltop : a hermeneutical case study on the Svayambhū site in Kathmandu
Space, body, and the notion of boundary : a category-theoretical approach to religion
With regard to urban footpaths, there are two actors with different interests, the municipal authorities who, in theory, pursue town planning and maintain footpaths for the convenience of pedestrians, and the poor homeless living illegally on footpaths with the constant fear of being forced to leave. There exists a clear difference in stand-point between authorities and pavement dwellers on the use of footpaths: the former has a power to keep the public space free from encroachment but the latter finds the footpaths a space advantageous for living. The discussion focuses on pavement shrines that have become more ubiquitous in Chennai city, South India, since the 1990s and are mostly huilt and maintained by the socially and economically weaker sections of the city population. Footpath shrines may have and represent a power of resistance against authorities in the name of the sacred places they have been erected on, and are thus a weapon of the weak in their tactics for survival in the city. This ethnigraphic example holds an important theoretical connotation in terms of the emergence of a dynamic concept of sacred by suggesting that the edge or boudary of the dominant ideological social space or the boudary between the legal and the illegal in its context embraces a potentiality of producing sacrality, as is suggested by Veikko Anttonen's rethinking of the notion of sacred from the viewpoint of cognitive categorization.
"Insanity and Sanctity in Byzantium aims to understand how the use of psychological abnormality functions in deep societal transformations, producing a major shift in the religious, cultural, mental, and social aspects. The book examines a particular set of religious phenomena, in a broadly defined period and area - the Eastern Mediterranean and the Near East between the birth of Christianity and that of Islam - and seeks to reach conclusions on the nature and function of abnormal behavior sanctified by society. Taking as a starting point a particular type of saint of Orthodox Christianity, the holy fool, the person who feigns madness, and investigating other types of saints who portray abnormal behavior, such as the martyr and the ascetic, the book reveals the ambiguous character of the boundary between sanity and insanity. It explains the significance of this ambiguity to the religious experience as a motor of social movement, and sets it at the core of the socio-religious transformation that changed the Antique civilization into a world of medieval societies."--
Buddhist texts through the ages
The path of purification (Visuddhimagga)
