http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5833 hagiography
hagiography
New approaches to medieval communication
Colonial saints : discovering the holy in the Americas, 1500-1800
Afterlives of the saints : hagiography, typology, and Renaissance literature
Life as exploit : representations of twentieth-century saintly women in Russia
The golden legend : readings on the saints
The hagiographers Lisiard and Hariulf pictured St Arnulf, Bishop of Soissons and supposed founder of the Abbey of Oudenburg in Flanders (d. 1087), as a peacemaker. During his life, the holy man fell victim to the struggle for power between secular and ecclesiastical princes. Also Lisiard and Hariulf witnessed a great deal of violence as the result of the Investiture Controversy and communal revolts. Shortly after the St Arnulf's death, Lisiard started to compose the saint's Life, which Hariulf adapted in the first decades of the twelfth century. Both worked together to achieve his canonization, which was realized in 1121. This volume makes available some important narrative sources of the history of Flanders and Northern France in the eleventh and twelfth century century. In particular, these present an interesting insight in ideas on power and violence in theory and practice. Besides, the texts in a modern edition provide the means to enlarge our understanding of the hagiographic methods.
A companion to Middle English hagiography
The making of Christian myths in the periphery of Latin Christendom (c. 1000-1300)
Tales of God's friends : Islamic hagiography in translation
Architecture and hagiography in the Ottoman Empire : the politics of Bektashi shrines in the classical age
Medieval Hagiography : an anthology
Saint Daniel of Sketis : a group of hagiographic texts
"Had she been of the catholic church, she had been a saint" : the continuity of hagiographic conventions in 18th century English protestant biographies of women
Female corporeal performances : reading the body in Byzantine Passions and Lives of holy women
Wounds and wound repair in medieval culture
The Oxford dictionary of saints
Tendentious hagiographies : Jewish propagandist fiction BCE
The hagiography of Kievan Rus'
Hagiography and medieval literature : a symposium : [proceedings of the fifth International Symposium organized by the Centre for the Study of Vernacular Literature in the Middle Ages held at Odense University on 17-18 November 1980]
A companion to Catherine of Siena
Involving a vast number of texts, saintly heroes and authors, Byzantine hagiography stands out as a field of scholarly research highly rewarding for both the philologist and the historian. This title features studies that cover a chronological range from late antiquity to the Paleologan era.
Hagiography in Anglo-Saxon England : adopting and adapting saints' lives into Old English prose : c. 950-1150
Creating holy people and places on the periphery : a study of the emergence of cults of native saints in the ecclesiastical provinces of Lund and Uppsala from the eleventh to the thirteenth centuries
Anglo-Saxon saints lives as history writing in late medieval England
Promoting the saints : cults and their contexts from late antiquity until the early modern period : essays in honor of Gábor Klaniczay for his 60th birthday
Women from the Golden legend : female authority in a medieval Castilian sanctoral
Who invented Hinduism? : essays on religion in history
The Life of Saint Helia, a late ancient Latin hagiography of uncertain provenance, is a remarkable and virtually unknown text, of which a critical edition and English translation appear here for the first time, accompanied by an introduction and commentary. Written predominately in dialogue format, the Life records a lengthy and highly polemical debate between a young girl Helia and her mother regarding the relative merits of virginity and marriage, followed by a dialogue between Helia and a bishop and a debate between Helia and a judge. The arguments both for and against virginity are biblically based, and the text is notable for its citational density and exegetical creativity. The dramatic narrative that frames the dialogue appears to have been influenced by the apocryphal Acts of Paul and Thecla, while the speeches suggest familiarity with the virginity apologetics of Ambrose and Jerome; because the Life has is preserved in only two medieval manuscripts, both from northern Spain, a Priscillianist context of composition is possible. This lively work will be of great interest to students of hagiography, asceticism, women's history, and biblical exegesis.
The saint's saints : hagiography and geography in Jerome
Plotting the prince : Shōtoku cults and the mapping of medieval Japanese Buddhism
The saints' lives of Jocelin of Furness : hagiography, patronage and ecclesiastical politics
The Anglo-Saxon minsters of Winchester. Pt. 2, The cult of St. Swithun
Between the islands - and the continent : papers on Hiberno-Scandinavian-Continental relations in the Early Middle Ages
Saints and sinners in Early Christian Ireland : moral theology in the lives of saints Brigit and Columba
Holy fools in Byzantium and beyond
Studies in Irish hagiography : saints and scholars
Lives and miracles of the saints : studies in medieval Latin hagiography
Law, medicine, and engineering in the cult of the saints in counter-Reformation Rome : the hagiographical works of Antonio Gallonio, 1556-1605
Medieval saints' lives : the gift, kinship and community in old French hagiography
A companion to Wace
The social life of hagiography in the Merovingian kingdom
The life of Bishop Wilfrid
Life and recent miracles of Saint John the Russian
The fading light of Advaita Ācārya : three hagiographies
The making and unmaking of a saint : hagiography and memory in the cult of Gerald of Aurillac
Sharing God's good company : a theology of the communion of saints
Saints and their lives on the periphery : veneration of saints in Scandinavia and Eastern Europe (c. 1000-1200)
Agiografia e culture popolari = Hagiography and popular cultures : atti del convegno internazionale di Verona (28-30 ottobre 2010) : in ricordo di Pietro Boglioni
The legends of the saints
The story of the apocryphal pope and saint Gregorius was extremely popular throughout the middle ages and later in Europe and beyond.This book traces the story from its English or French origins through its many variations from Iceland to Egypt and from the twelfth to the twenty-first century.
Guide to the works of the twelfth-century chronicler Wace, setting him in historical and cultural context.
Holy women of the Syrian Orient
Celtic hagiography and saints' cults
Intercessors on the part of Russia : lives of the Mothers Dunja, Matrona and Makarija
Violence and miracle in the fourteenth century : private grief and public salvation
Epic lives and monasticism in the Middle Ages, 800-1050
Goscelin, monk of Saint-Bertin, who came to England in the early 1060s, was one of the most prolific hagiographers of the Anglo-Saxon saints. William of Malmesbury described him as 'second to none since Bede in the celebration of the English saints'. Part of his career was spent in wandering exile, and one of the places Goscelin stayed briefly was Ely, who twelfth-century house-history portrays him working late at night on verses commemorating Ely's patroness, St Athelfryth. By the late tenth century, the cult of Athelfryth, the seventh-century virgin-queen whose two unconsummated marriages were recounted in Bede's Historia Ecclesiastica, had been combined with that of her sister Seaxburh, and of another supposed sister, Wihtburh (whose relics were 'translated' from East Dereham in Norfolk to Ely in 974). To this group were added Seaxburh's daughter Eormenhild, and Eormenhild's daughter Warburh. A collection of the Lives of these female saints - some probably the work of Goscelin - is preserved in three twelfth-century Ely manuscripts.Taken together these texts offer a fascinating insight into Ely's view of the women venerated by the community and of its own past history.
Holy people have been venerated in various forms by all religions and ideologies throughout history. Christianity is no exception with the development of the cults of saints beginning shortly after its formation. By the time Christianity reached Scandinavia, saints' cults had been fully integrated into the Roman administrative structure. The new religion brought with it institutions, as well as religious practices. This thesis examines the cults of native saints that arose in Scandinavia during the Christianization of the region. It compares the Ecclesiastical Province of Lund, established in 1103, and the Ecclesiastical Province of Uppsala, established in 1164. The focus on these two provinces is partly based on their, at times, unequal relationship. The study aims to explain the underlying reasons for the establishment of new cults of saints in connection with the development of an ecclesiastical organization. The primary source material is comprised of liturgical manuscripts and fragments, iconography and diploma. Due to the relative lack of early medieval sources from Scandinavia, the surviving parchment fragments provide an especially valuable resource for research into Scandinavian medieval society. They can reveal the importance of cults of saints for those who promoted them. The first part of this study presents the native saints whose cults are believed to have been established before the year 1300 and places them in categories developed in previous research. The analysis of the geographical spread of cults of native saints in the Lund and Uppsala provinces reveals that the type of saint has no bearing on the spread of the cult. The second part examines and compares the rise of cults of native saints and their place in the early liturgy in each bishopric in the two provinces. The study concludes that the right conditions and permanent central ecclesiastical institutions were required before new cults could be created, especially on an official level with a feast day and liturgy. Although all cults played a key role in conveying ideology and creating a permanent holy landscape on the Christian periphery, their later use in the legitimization of ecclesiastical and secular institutions differed in the two provinces.
Saints Cyril and Methodius
The life of Saint Helia : critical edition, translation, introduction, and commentary
Conquest of the four quarters : traditional accounts of the life of Sankara
Friends of God : Islamic images of piety, commitment, and servanthood
Manifestations of sainthood in Islam
Gregorius : an incestuous saint in medieval Europe and beyond
Hagiography in Byzantium : literature, social history and cult
Miracles of St Edmund
Intercessors on the part of Russia : lives of the mothers Dunja, Matrona and Makarija
Jocelin of Furness (fl.1175x1214), the Cistercian hagiographer, composed four substantial and significant saints' lives; varying widely in both subject and patron, they offer a rich corpus of medieval hagiographical writing. Jocelin's Vita S. Patricii and Vita S. Kentegerni provide updated versions of each saint's legend and are carefully adapted to reflect the interests of their respective patrons in Ireland and Scotland. The Vita S. Helenae was probably commissioned by a female community in England; it represents an idealized narrative mirror of its early thirteenth-century context. In contrast, the Vita S. Waldevi was written to promote the formal canonization of a new saint, Waltheof (d.1159), abbot of the Cistercian house of Melrose in the Scottish borders. This is the first full-length study of the Lives. It combines detailed analyses of the composition of the texts with study of their patronage, audiences, and contemporary contexts; and it provides new insights into Jocelin's works and the writing of hagiography in the period.
The hagiography of the female saints of Ely
The early lives of St Dunstan
Symeon Metaphrastes : rewriting and canonization
Joan of Arc in French art and culture (1700-1855) : from satire to sanctity
Related lives : confessors and their female penitents, 1450-1750
St. Magnús of Orkney : a Scandinavian martyr-cult in context
The cult of St Katherine of Alexandria in early Medieval Europe
Four great saints
Versions of virginity in late medieval England
Holy vikings : saints' lives in the old icelandic kings' sagas
Summary
Saint Photios, Patriarch of Constantinople : the St. Photios shrine lectures. Vol. 1
Levels of style in Byzantine Greek and the role of syntactic complexity : a quantitative analysis of the sentence structure of three early Byzantine hagiographic texts
A companion to Gregory of Tours
The Greek life of St. Leo bishop of Catania
Metaphrasis : redactions and audiences in Middle Byzantine hagiography
The Ashgate researchcompanion [sic] to Byzantine hagiography. Vol. 2, Genres and contexts
Life and works of Saint Gregentios, archbishop of Taphar : introduction, critical edition and translation
Church and belief in the Middle Ages : popes, saints, and crusaders
The Blackwell companion to Eastern Christianity
Removing masculine layers to reveal a holy womanhood : the female transvestite monks of late antique Eastern Christianity
Imagining the sacred past : hagiography and power in early Normandy
Symeon the holy fool : Leontius's Life and the late antique city
A black mystery : the hagiography of the Three Magi
Saints and signs : a semiotic reading of conversion in early modern Catholicism
Romanian Patericon : containing the lives and sayings of the saints and monastic fathers who labored in the land of Romania from the fourth to the twentieth centuries. Vol. 1, Third-eighteenth centuries
The twelve essays in this collection advance the contemporary study of the women saints of Anglo-Saxon England by challenging received wisdom and offering alternative methodologies. The work embraces a number of different scholarly approaches, from codicological study to feminist theory. While some contributions are dedicated to the description and reconstruction of female lives of saints and their cults, others explore the broader ideological and cultural investments of the literature. The volume concentrates on four major areas: the female saint in the Old English Martyrology, genre including hagiography and homelitic writing, motherhood and chastity, and differing perspectives on lives of virgin martyrs. The essays reveal how saints' lives that exist on the apparent margins of orthodoxy actually demonstrate a successful literary challenge extending the idea of a holy life.
The life of Schema-nun Nila
Contextualizing miracles in the christian west 110-1500 : new historical approaches
A history of Old English literature
The sex lives of saints : an erotics of ancient hagiography
Early Christian hagiography and Roman history
Looking at the other : historical study of images in theory and practise
Female monks have been discussed within the spheres of socio-history, theology, and literary analysis, but no comprehensive study has focused on their historical and gendered context until now. This book reexamines their hagiographies to reveal that female protagonists possess a holy womanhood regardless of having layers of masculinity applied to their characters. Each masculine layer is scrutinized to explore its purpose in the plots and the plausible motivations for the utilization of transvestite figures in religious literature. Hagiographers had no intention of transforming their religious protagonists into anything but determined, holy women who are forced to act drastically in order to sustain ascetic dreams begun while mothers, wives, daughters, and sisters. Through an intertextual method, masculinity and literary themes work to contextualize praise for a holy womanhood within an acceptable gendered language, which seems to support a belief in the spiritual potential of women. This book highlights the potential for complex irony to develop around a female transvestite, which supplies religious tales with intrigue and interest, an ability to instruct/chastise mixed audiences, and a potential to portray the reversal inherent in the human drama of salvation.
The Image of Aleksandr Nevskiy in medieval Russia : warrior and saint
In search of sacred time : Jacobus de Voragine and the Golden legend
The Ashgate research companion to Byzantine hagiography. Vol. 1, Periods and places
Imperial saint : the cult of St. Catherine and the dawn of female rule in Russia
The God biographers : our changing image of God from Job to the present
Chronicon : medieval narrative sources : a chronological guide with introductory essays
The collected saints' lives : Abbot John of Cantimpré, Christina the Astonishing, Margaret of Ypres, and Lutgard of Aywières
Mythes et religions scandinaves
The vitae of St. Nicholas and his hagiographical icons in Russia
Symposia : journal for studies in ethnology and anthropology. 2004
Politics, monasticism, and miracles in sixth century Upper Egypt : a critical edition and translation of the Coptic texts on Abraham of Farshut
Disability and social integration : constructions of childhood impairments in thirteenth- and fourteenth-century canonisation processes
Aspects of Late Antiquity and Early Byzantium : papers read at a colloquium held at the Swedish Research Institute in Istanbul, 31 May-5 June 1992
Studying the transformations of medieval hagiography in folklore : St Katherine of Alexandria
Family portraits with saints : hagiography, sanctity, and family in the Muslim world
Insignis Sophiae Arcator : essays in honour of Michael W. Herren on his 65th birthday
Middle English hagiography and romance in fifteenth-century England : from competition to critique
Writing women saints in Anglo-Saxon England
Constructing satī-hood : the image of Rāṇī Satī in modern hagiography
The saint and the chopped-up baby : the cult of Vincent Ferrer in medieval and early modern Europe
Writing 'true stories' : historians and hagiographers in the late antique and medieval Near East
Ireland's saint : the essential biography of St. Patrick
