http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5832 saints
saints
Rābiʻa the mystic and her fellow-saints in Islām
Rituals of death and dying in modern and ancient Greece : writing history from a female perspective
"The rulers of the Byzantine Empire and its commonwealth were protected both by their own soldiers and by a heavenly army: the military saints. The transformation of Saints George, Demetrios, Theodore and others into the patrons of imperial armies was one of the defining developments of religious life under the Macedonian emperors. This book provides a comprehensive study of military sainthood and its roots in late antiquity. The emergence of the cults is situated within a broader social context, in which mortal soldiers were equated with martyrs and martyrs of the early Church recruited to protect them on the battlefield. Dr White then traces the fate of these saints in early Rus, drawing on unpublished manuscripts and other under-utilised sources to discuss their veneration within the princely clan and their influence on the first native saints of Rus, Boris and Gleb, who eventually joined the ranks of their ancient counterparts"--
Hildegard of Bingen : a spiritual reader
The Life of Maximus the Confessor : recension 3
Saint Herman of Alaska
Songs of the saints of India
Dreams & visions in the world of Islam : a history of Muslim dreaming and foreknowing
Power and sainthood : the case of Birgitta of Sweden
The life of the Holy Hildegard
Butler's lives of the saints. January
A calendar of saints
Iškilmės ir kasdienybė Lietuvos Didžiojoje Kunigaikštystėje ir jos kontekstuose = Celebrations and everyday life in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and its contexts
A dictionary of Irish saints
John Paul II's book of saints
Joan of Arc : a history
A companion to Colette of Corbie
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. I, [Jan. 1 - April 30]
Military saints in Byzantium and Rus, 900-1200
At a time when Europeans still longed to be Roman and were just learning to be Christian, two extraordinary holy women - Genovefa of Paris (ca. 420-502) and Brigit of Kildare (ca. 450-524) - began to roam their homelands. Both brought Christianity and romanitas (Roman-ness) to their people.
The life of Lazaros of Mt. Galesion : an eleventh-century pillar saint
The patronal saints of the medieval Finnish churches and altars
Celtic spirituality
English Saints in the Medieval Liturgies of the Scandinavian Churches
Memento mori : the dead among us
Dictionary of saints
Set over the course of one night in the waiting room of a psych clinic, The Angel of History follows Yemeni-born poet Jacob as he revisits the events of his life, from his maternal upbringing in an Egyptian whorehouse to his adolescence under the aegis of his wealthy father and his life as a gay Arab man in San Francisco at the height of AIDS. Hovered over by the presence of alluring, sassy Satan who taunts Jacob to remember his painful past and dour, frigid Death who urges him to forget and give up on life, Jacob is also attended to by 14 saints. Set in Cairo and Beirut; Sana'a, Stockholm, and San Francisco; Alameddine gives us a charged philosophical portrait of a brilliant mind in crisis. This is a profound, philosophical and hilariously winning story of the war between memory and oblivion we wrestle with every day of our lives.
Augustine : conversions and confessions
Mary Magdalene in Medieval culture : conflicted roles
Saints and sages of India
Butler's lives of the saints. February
The boy, a kitchen, and his cave : the tale of St. Euphrosynos the cook
Priestess of Avalon
Butler's lives of the saints. April
Strange landscape : a journey through the middle ages
Life of St Columba
Saint Demetrios of Thessaloniki : civic patron and divine protector, 4th-7th centuries CE
Revelaciones. Book 6
Birgitta : una Santa svedese : celebrazioni in occasione del sesto centenario della morte, 1373-1973 = a Swedish Saint : celebrations for the sixth centenary of her death, 1373-1973
Saints and their cults in the Atlantic world
Sancta Barbara : Pyhän Barbaran legenda = Den Heliga Barbaras legend = Legende der Heiligen Barbara = The legend of Saint Barbara
Magic and kingship in Medieval Iceland : the construction of a discourse of political resistance
The life of Saint Mary of Egypt : an edition and study of the medieval French and Spanish verse redactions
English abstracts. - Santraukos lietuvių.
The Life of Saint Helia, a late ancient Latin hagiography of uncertain provenance, is a remarkable and virtually unknown text, of which a critical edition and English translation appear here for the first time, accompanied by an introduction and commentary. Written predominately in dialogue format, the Life records a lengthy and highly polemical debate between a young girl Helia and her mother regarding the relative merits of virginity and marriage, followed by a dialogue between Helia and a bishop and a debate between Helia and a judge. The arguments both for and against virginity are biblically based, and the text is notable for its citational density and exegetical creativity. The dramatic narrative that frames the dialogue appears to have been influenced by the apocryphal Acts of Paul and Thecla, while the speeches suggest familiarity with the virginity apologetics of Ambrose and Jerome; because the Life has is preserved in only two medieval manuscripts, both from northern Spain, a Priscillianist context of composition is possible. This lively work will be of great interest to students of hagiography, asceticism, women's history, and biblical exegesis.
A dictionary of saints
Saint Joan of Arc : born January 6th 1412, burned as a heretic May 30th 1431, canonized as a saint May 16th 1920
THE BOOK OF SAINTS : a dictionary of servants of God canonized by the Catholic Church
Sancta Barbara = Pyhän Barbaran legenda = den heliga Barbaras legend = Legende der Heiligen Barbara = the legend of Saint Barbara
Saints, gurus and mystics of India. Vol. 1
Encyclopedia of the major saints and fathers of the Orthodox Church. Vol. 2
Saint George and the dragon
The cult of saints in late antiquity and the Middle Ages : essays on the contribution of Peter Brown
Drinking from the hidden fountain : a patristic breviary : ancient wisdom for today's world
The maid
A calendar of saints : the lives of the principal saints of the Christian year
Landscape with two saints : how Genovefa of Paris and Brigit of Kildare built Christianity in barbarian Europe
Orixás da Bahia = The gods of Bahia
The golden legend of Jacobus de Voragine
A dictionary of Celtic saints
The sex lives of saints : an erotics of ancient hagiography
Sienese paintings
Making Saints : how the Catholic Church determines who becomes a Saint, who doesn't, and why
New Dictionary of Saints : east and west
Catherine of Vadstena
St Paisy Velichkovsky and Mount Athos
Celtic folklore and Christianity : studies in memory of William W. Heist
Lucas Cranach's Saint Maurice
Sancta Barbara, patron saint of miners : an account drawn from popular traditions
The lives of Simeon Stylites
The life of Fisher transcribed from ms. Harleian 6382
Butler's lives of the saints. December
Dreams as divine communication in Christianity : from Hermas to Aquinas
Saints & society : the two worlds of western Christendom, 1000-1700
Simple and bold : Ephrem's art of symbolic thought
Saints Cyril and Methodius
The truth behind the da Vinci code
Saints and sagas : a symposium
Saints : the art, the history, the inspiration
Birgitta of Sweden (1302/3-1373) was a mother, visionary, counsellor to a king, inventor of her own rule, saint, and one of the best known medieval women in history. As a wife and a mother of eight children, the Swedish noble lady Birgitta was an atypical candidate for sanctity. Yet, only 18 years after her death, in 1391, she was declared a saint by the Pope and became a role model for many late medieval mothers and widows. Power and Sainthood investigates how Birgitta went about establishing her power and authority. Päivi Salmesvuori argues that the crucial factor was her successful performance of her sanctity. -- Review: "Focused and meticulously researched, Power and Sainthood addresses the idea of holiness in action as St. Birgitta began to assert her authority in the formative years of her life as a mystic and visionary. Salmesvuori gives a grounded view of what Birgitta was like as both a woman and human being, but - very wisely - stops short of making any generalized character judgments ... A truly interesting take on Birgitta." - Bridget Morris, Independent Scholar, York, UK "Salmesvuori succeeds in showing how this remarkable woman from the northern fringe of Europe was able to establish a personal authority that made princes, priests, and popes listen to her. After reading this book, few will be inclined anymore to say that Birgitta was guided by her father confessors. It was clearly the other way around." - Stephan Borgehammar, Professor of Practical Theology, Lund University, Sweden "Salmesvuori offers fresh insights into how Birgitta established her reputation as a living saint in mid-fourteenth century Sweden. Carefully attending to historical chronology, Salmesvuori provides new interpretations of Birgitta's early revelations in light of key theories about the public performance of religious power. She cogently demonstrates that Birgitta exercised spiritual authority through repeated negotiations with her audience and attracted followers even earlier than scholars usually recognize. This study is a valuable contribution to our understanding of gender, power, and sanctity in the later Middle Ages." - Claire L. Sahlin, Professor of Women's Studies, Texas Woman's University, USA
A companion to Ignatius of Loyola : life, writings, spirituality, influence
Flesh made word : saints' stories and the Western imagination
The twelve essays in this collection advance the contemporary study of the women saints of Anglo-Saxon England by challenging received wisdom and offering alternative methodologies. The work embraces a number of different scholarly approaches, from codicological study to feminist theory. While some contributions are dedicated to the description and reconstruction of female lives of saints and their cults, others explore the broader ideological and cultural investments of the literature. The volume concentrates on four major areas: the female saint in the Old English Martyrology, genre including hagiography and homelitic writing, motherhood and chastity, and differing perspectives on lives of virgin martyrs. The essays reveal how saints' lives that exist on the apparent margins of orthodoxy actually demonstrate a successful literary challenge extending the idea of a holy life.
The divine madman : the sublime life and songs of Drukpa Kunley
Illuminations : a novel of Hildegard von Bingen
Butler's lives of the saints. May
Miracles of the Virgin in Middle English
Confessions. Books I-XIII
Nicholas Roscarrock's Lives of the saints : Cornwall and Devon
Signs, wonders, miracles : representations of divine power in the life of the church : papers read at the 2003 summer meeting and the 2004 winter meeting of the ecclesiastical history society
The Oxford dictionary of saints
Augustine in his own words
Encyclopedia of saints
Joan of Arc of Domrémy
Christian mystics : the spiritual heart of the christian tradition
Saints and sanctity today
The virgin warrior : the life and death of Joan of Arc
Saints : a year in faith and art
Francis : a biography of the Saint of Assisi
Butler's lives of the saints. August
A treasure of saints : 100 saints : their lives and times
God's fool : the life and times of Francis of Assisi
The legends of the saints
The teacher of the slaves : Saint Cosmas the Aetolian
I, Caterina : selected writings
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. IV, [Oct. 15 - Dec. 31]
Patrons and defenders : the saints in the Italian city-states
From profile to face : an analysis of the portrayal of Colum Cille in his sixteenth-century Life by Maghnus Ó Domhnaill - Betha Coluimb Chille
This first edition of the third recension of the Life of Maximus the Confessor with full critical apparatus is accompanied by a lucid English translation. A major introduction to the text records the opposition of the Greek monk Maximus (580-662 CE) to the monothelite controversy, and outlines the surviving sources for the Life of Maximus, its historical background, and the relationship between the three versions of the Greek life. The volume will be of historical and theological interest to scholars and students of Byzantium in the seventh century.
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. V, [Supplementary volume from A.D. 1773]
The Guru consorts
Folklore studies : ancient and modern
Ex voto : votive giving across cultures
Certain sainthood : canonization and the origins of papal infallibility in the medieval church
Joan Of Arc : A History
The Wordsworth dictionary of saints
A prodigal saint : Father John of Kronstadt and the Russian people
Butler's lives of the saints. October
New picture book of saints : illustrated lives of the saints for young and old
Teresa, my love : an imagined life of the saint of Avila : a novel
The cult of the saints : its rise and function in Latin Christianity
Saints in medieval manuscripts
The blackbird's nest : Saint Kevin of Ireland
Obeying the truth : discretion in the spiritual writings of Saint Catherine of Siena
The medieval cult of saints : formations and transformations
A new dictionary of saints : east and west
The life of Saint Helia : critical edition, translation, introduction, and commentary
The holy unmercenaries : the mystical attraction of Byzantium and its critical counterforce
The hagiographers Lisiard and Hariulf pictured St Arnulf, Bishop of Soissons and supposed founder of the Abbey of Oudenburg in Flanders (d. 1087), as a peacemaker. During his life, the holy man fell victim to the struggle for power between secular and ecclesiastical princes. Also Lisiard and Hariulf witnessed a great deal of violence as the result of the Investiture Controversy and communal revolts. Shortly after the St Arnulf's death, Lisiard started to compose the saint's Life, which Hariulf adapted in the first decades of the twelfth century. Both worked together to achieve his canonization, which was realized in 1121. This volume makes available some important narrative sources of the history of Flanders and Northern France in the eleventh and twelfth century century. In particular, these present an interesting insight in ideas on power and violence in theory and practice. Besides, the texts in a modern edition provide the means to enlarge our understanding of the hagiographic methods.
Saints and revolutionaries : the ascetic hero in Russian literature
Metaphrasis : redactions and audiences in Middle Byzantine hagiography
The saints of India
Ideal and image : Saint Birgit in her earliest lives
Writing women saints in Anglo-Saxon England
Early Russian hagiography : the lives of Prince Fedor the Black
Sacred biography in the Buddhist traditions of South and Southeast Asia
Send me God : the lives of Ida the Compassionate of Nivelles, nun of La Ramée, Arnulf, lay brother of Villers, and Abundus, monk of Villers
Elisabeth of Schönau : a twelfth-century visionary
Saints and monasteries in Ethiopia
Columba : Pilgrim and penitent
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. II, [May 1 - July 25]
Tudor books of saints and martyrs
Ibrāhīm al-Dasūqī (1255-96) : a saint invented
Virtuous magic : women saints and their meanings
The life and struggles of our mother Walatta Petros : a seventeenth-century African biography of an Ethiopian woman
Our Lady of Guadalupe : faith and empowerment among Mexican-American women
Concilium has long been a household-name for cutting-edge critical and constructive theological thinking. Past contributors include leading Catholic scholars such as Hans Küng, Gregory Baum and Edward Schillebeeckx, and the editors of the review belong to the international "who's who" in the world of contemporary theology. Published five times a year, each issue reflects a deep knowledge and scholarship presented in a highly readable style, and each issue offers a wide variety of viewpoints from leading thinkers from all over the world.
Paul between Damascus and Antioch : the unknown years
The lives of the Saints
Tales of God's friends : Islamic hagiography in translation
Butler's lives of the saints. November
Butler's lives of the saints. March
The angel of history : a novel
Butler's lives of the saints. September
Saints and their symbols
Encyclopedia of the major saints and fathers of the Orthodox Church. Vol. 1
Irish saints
Saints and animals in the Middle Ages
The big book of women saints
Butler's lives of the saints. July
The Byzantine saint
A list of motifs in the lives of the early Irish saints
The making of saints : contesting sacred ground
Saint Photios, Patriarch of Constantinople : the St. Photios shrine lectures. Vol. 1
Icons of the Nile Valley
A biographical dictionary of the saints : with a general introduction on hagiology
Butler's lives of the saints. June
Beyond the myth : the story of Joan of Arc
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. III, [July 26 - Oct. 14]
