http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5830 martyrs
martyrs
Witnesses for Christ : Orthodox Christian neomartyrs of the Ottoman period 1437-1860
"The rulers of the Byzantine Empire and its commonwealth were protected both by their own soldiers and by a heavenly army: the military saints. The transformation of Saints George, Demetrios, Theodore and others into the patrons of imperial armies was one of the defining developments of religious life under the Macedonian emperors. This book provides a comprehensive study of military sainthood and its roots in late antiquity. The emergence of the cults is situated within a broader social context, in which mortal soldiers were equated with martyrs and martyrs of the early Church recruited to protect them on the battlefield. Dr White then traces the fate of these saints in early Rus, drawing on unpublished manuscripts and other under-utilised sources to discuss their veneration within the princely clan and their influence on the first native saints of Rus, Boris and Gleb, who eventually joined the ranks of their ancient counterparts"--
The Ashura uprising in the words & messages of Imam Khomeini
The life and illustrious martyrdom of Sir Thomas More : formerly Lord Chancellor of England (part III of "Tres Thomae", printed at Douai, 1588)
Thomas More
The People of God in the Apocalypse : discourse, structure, and exegesis
The book of saints : a comprehensive biographical dictionary
The emperor waltz
"God wants it!" : the ideology of martyrdom of the Hebrew crusade chronicles and its Jewish and Christian background
Christian martyrs for a Muslim people
Polycarpiana : studies on martyrdom and persecution in early Christianity : collected essays
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. I, [Jan. 1 - April 30]
Ultimate ambiguities : investigating death and liminality
The life and sufferings of Saint Catherine the Great Martyr
Military saints in Byzantium and Rus, 900-1200
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 2, Catechesis, baptism, eschatology, and martyrdom
Jihad and martyrdom
Religion and the book in early modern England : the making of John Foxe's 'Book of Martyrs'
Manifestations of sainthood in Islam
The Old English metrical calendar (Menologium)
This bilingual, critical edition is the first English language translation of Antonio de la Calancha's Coronica moralizada (1638) and is contextualised in introductory essays that discuss the conquest and evangelisation of Peru, Inca politics of state, and which also draw out the radically different way of conceptualising human history - the collapse of time.
Sacco and Vanzetti labor's martyrs
The martyrdom of St. Paul : historical and judicial context, traditions and legends
The first critical text of the Life since 1888, this edition also provides a lucid English translation, extensive annotation, and a major introduction that demonstrates the third-century provenance of the work. The book discusses parallels with Philostratus and Eunapius, sets the work in the context of a Christianity troubled by Montanists and Marcionites, and discusses the liturgical life of third-century Smyrna.
Making women martyrs in Tudor England
The trials of Margaret Clitherow : persecution, martyrdom and the politics of sanctity in Elizabethan England
Perpetua's passion : the death and memory of a young roman woman
The martyrs of Karbala : Shi'i symbols and rituals in modern Iran
Wind against the mountain : the crisis of politics and culture in thirteenth-century China
In Making Martyrs in Late Antiquity Lucy Grig focuses on both artistic and textual representations to investigate the making of martyrs in the fourth- and fifth-century Latin West. It shows that this 'making' of martyrs played a crucial role in the process of Christianisation during the post-Constantinian period. The writings of some of the most important figures in late antique Christianity - Augustine, Ambrose and Jerome - are considered, along with a number of anonymous, marginal and marginalised texts. The book covers such major subjects as the history of martyrdom and martyr texts and the role of images and relics in cult and representation. It also examines a number of key themes including the role of spectacle in martyr representation, the importance of suffering in the construction of Christian identity, and the interaction of text and image in the process of representation.
Sacrificing the self : perspectives on martyrdom and religion
Baha'i identity and the concept of martyrdom
The first and second apologies
Martyrdom in the Sikh tradition : playing the "game of love"
Martys and martydom in the coptic church
Architects of piety : the Cappadocian Fathers and the cult of the martyrs
Martyrdom and persecution in the early Church : a study of a conflict from the Maccabees to Donatus
Back from Afghanistan : the experiences of Soviet Afghan war veterans ; Martyrdom and memory in post-socialist space
Explores the production of John Foxe's 'Book of Martyrs', a milestone in the history of the English book.
From Passio Perpetuae to Acta Perpetuae : recontextualizing a martyr story in the literature of the Early Church
The story of Margaret Clitherow, a Catholic martyr, represents one of the most important yet troubling events in post-Reformation history. Her trial, execution and subsequent legend have provoked controversy ever since it became a cause celebre in the time of Elizabeth I. This work explores the complicated and controversial story of her demise.
The blood of martyrs : unintended consequences of ancient violence
Making martyrs in late antiquity
Martyrdom is not only a sharply contested term and act, but it has a long history of provoking controversy. One person's 'martyr' is another's 'terrorist', and one person's 'martyrdom operation' is another's 'suicide bombing'. Suicide attacks have made recurring questions about martyrdom more pertinent to current discussions. What is martyrdom? Why are some people drawn towards giving up their lives as martyrs? What place does religion play in inciting and creating martyrs? How are martyrs made? Why are some martyrs and martyrdoms remembered more than others? How helpful is the distinction between active and passive martyrdoms? In order both to answer such questions and to understand the contemporary debates about martyrdom, it is helpful to consider its diverse roots. In this Very Short Introduction, Jolyon Mitchell provides a historical analysis to shed light on how the concept and practice of martyrdom has evolved, as well as the different ways in which it is used today.
Bischofsmord im Mittelalter = Murder of bishops
Execution and invention : death penalty discourse in early Rabbinic and Christian cultures
Persecution, persuasion and power : readiness to withstand hardship as a corroboration of legitimacy in the New Testament
"The Islamic resurgence in modern times has received extensive treatment in scholarly literature. Most of this literature, however, deals with the concept of jihad and disputes between radicals and their rivals over theological and political issues, and far less with martyrdom and death. Moreover, studies that do address the issue of martyrdom focus mainly on "suicide" attacks - a phenomenon of the late twentieth century and onward - without sufficiently placing them within a historical perspective or using an integrative approach to illuminate their political, social, and symbolic features. This book fills these lacunae by tracing the evolving Islamic perceptions of martyrdom, its political and symbolic functions, and its use of past legacies in both Sunni and Shi'i milieus, with comparative references to Judaism, Christianity, and other non-Islamic domains. Based on wide-ranging primary sources, along with historical and sociological literature, the study provides an in-depth analysis of modern Islamic martyrdom and its various interpretations while also evaluating the historical realities in which such interpretations were molded and debated, positing martyrdom as a vital component of contemporary identity politics and power struggles"--
Perpetua's passions : multidisciplinary approaches to the Passio Perpetuae et Felicitatis
Sagas, saints and settlements
The English martyr from reformation to revolution
Myth of martyrdom : what really drives suicide bombers, rampage shooters, and other self-destructive killers
This commentary on Polycarp's Epistle to the Philippians and the Martyrdom of Polycarp includes extensive introductions, the Greek or Latin texts, facing English translations, and substantial comments on each passage. The preliminary material investigates Polycarpian traditions and reconstructs an outline of his life. The introductory studies for both Philippians and the Martyrdom discuss text and manuscript traditions, date and place of composition, historical setting, literary genre and style, unity and integrity, purpose and themes, theology, and post-composition influence. The volume also explores communal self-definition, moral formation, and the transmission of traditions, including the use of documents now found in the New Testament. The commentary proceeds passage by passage, but also includes lengthy discussions of critical issues and key interpretive questions. The investigations survey the current status of relevant scholarship and contain balanced discussions of controversial topics and scholarly debates.
Sancta Barbara, patron saint of miners : an account drawn from popular traditions
The triumphant church. Vol. 1, A daily synaxarion of the Eastern Orthodox Church
Polycarp's epistle to the Philippians and the martyrdom of Polycarp : introduction, text, and commentary
Many of those committing recent terrorist attacks have been intent, and have often succeeded, in killing themselves in the process. This volume explores and compares religious and secular traditions of martyrdom and terrorism. Martyrdom is, in a certain sense, central to the Christian tradition, insofar as this is an appropriate description for Christ's Passion. Islamic notions also link shahadat (martyrdom) to “bearing witness” to faith and God. In Christianity, martyrdom is not necessarily limited to those who are persecuted or die in having their faith opposed; a martyr can be one who leads a good, charitable life. Martyrdom in Islam is similarly a manifold matter. In both instances, the association of religious martyrdom with political terror has a complex legacy. Not only does this volume outline the complexity of these legacies—following, for example, Christian martyrdom from its origins in the Roman world, to the experience of the deaths of the “terrorist” leaders of the French Revolution, to parallels in the contemporary world—it also explores how Islamic and Christian traditions compare historically..
The new prophecy & "new visions" : evidence of Montanism in The passion of Perpetua and Felicitas
Bhagat Singh, 1907-1931, Indian revolutionary and freedom fighter.
The life of Polycarp : an anonymous vita from third-century Smyrna
The life of St Edmund, King & martyr : John Lydgate's illustrated verse life presented to Henry VI : a facsimile of British Library MS Harley 2278
Radical martyrdom and cosmic conflict in early Christianity
Martyrdom in modern Islam : piety, power, and politics
Medieval Ireland, saints and martyrologies : selected studies
The Christians and the Roman Empire
Medieval piety from relics to the eucharist : a process of mutual interaction
History of martyrs in Palestine, by Eusebius, bishop of Caesarea
The passion of Perpetua and Felicity
The collapse of time : the martyrdom of Diego Ortiz (1571) by Antonio de la Calancha [1638]
Rethinking martyrdom
Jan Hus : religious reform and social revolution in Bohemia
The Oxford dictionary of saints
Martyrs' mirror : persecution and holiness in early New England
Encyclopedia of saints
Acta Thomae Mori : history of the reports of his trial and death, with an unedited contemporary narrative
"Edmund Campion has always been the leading Elizabethan martyr, an accolade that overshadowed his early life. This biography assesses the power of Campion's spoken word, in Prague and in England, the disastrous impact of the invasion of Ireland on the Jesuit mission, and the drama of his capture, 'conferences' in the Tower and trial. The warm affection he everywhere inspired, was almost submerged in the controversy that surrounded his execution"--
Female corporeal performances : reading the body in Byzantine Passions and Lives of holy women
The letters
'Let us die that we may live' : Greek homilies on Christian martyrs from Asia Minor, Palestine and Syria, (c. AD 350-AD 450)
Jewish martyrs in the pagan and Christian worlds
Islam and violence in the modern era
A treasure of saints : 100 saints : their lives and times
Martyrdom from exegesis in Hippolytus : an early Church presbyter's commentary on Daniel
Russia's catacomb saints : lives of the new martyrs
The teacher of the slaves : Saint Cosmas the Aetolian
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. IV, [Oct. 15 - Dec. 31]
Martyr as bridegroom : a folk representation of Bhagat Singh
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. V, [Supplementary volume from A.D. 1773]
Martyrs and martyrdom in England, c.1400-1700
Martyrdom and memory : early Christian culture making
Martyrdom : a very short introduction
The revival of martyr cults among Ilavar
Martyrdom and persecution in late antique Christianity : Festschrift Boudewijn Dehandschutter
New martyrs of the Turkish yoke
The martyrdom of a Moroccan Jewish saint
Witnesses to faith? : the concept of martyrdom in Christianity and Islam
The Old English martyrology : edition, translation and commentary
Martyrdom, murder, and magic : child saints and their cults in medieval Europe
Pictures of pain / Minna Turtiainen
This book examines the folklore of martyrdom in early New England, exploring how Protestants imagined themselves within historical narratives of persecution. Memories of martyrdom, especially stories of those killed under Queen Mary in the mid-sixteenth century, were central to a model of holiness and political legitimacy in the New World.
The other christs : imitating Jesus in ancient Christian ideologies of martyrdom
The martyred inquisitor : the life and cult of Peter of Verona ([martyred] 1252)
Martyr and apostate : Victor son of Romanos and Diocletian : a case of intertextuality in Coptic religious memory
The rising of al-Ḥusayn : its impact on the consciousness of Muslim society
Christian martyrs in Muslim Spain
The acts of the pagan martyrs : Acta Alexandrinorum
Martyrs and martyrologies : papers read at the 1992 Summer Meeting and the 1993 Winter Meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
Jihād and shahādat : struggle and martyrdom in Islam
The martyrdom of bishop Platon
The faith and the power : the inspiring story of the first Christians & how they survived the madness of Rome : a first century history
The memory and motivation of Jan Hus. Fudge, medieval priest and martyr
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. II, [May 1 - July 25]
Tudor books of saints and martyrs
Martyrdom according to John Chrysostom : "to live is Christ, to die is gain"
Martyrdom & Rome
Ignatius of Antioch : a martyr bishop and the origin of episcopacy
Martyrdom and terrorism : pre-modern to contemporary perspectives
The four authentic letters of Ignatius, the martyr
Sanctified aggression : legacies of biblical and post biblical vocabularies of violence
Orthodoxy, paganism, and dissent in the early Christian centuries
Medieval Hagiography : an anthology
Holy women of the Syrian Orient
Honorable Shame, Shameful Honor : Conceptualizing shame among early Christian martyrs and ascetics
Perpetua of Carthage : portrait of a third-century martyr
The acts of the Christian martyrs
Martyrdom in Islam
Sleepers, moles and martyrs : secret identifications, societal integration and the differing meanings of freedom
John Foxe and the English Reformation : [proceedings of a colloquium held July 4-6, 1995, at Magdalene College, Cambridge]
The forgotten writings of the Mennonite martyrs
Thomas Becket and his biographers
The martyrs of Córdoba : community and family conflict in an age of mass conversion
More than a memory : the discourse of martyrdom and the construction of Christian identity in the history of Christianity
The order of St. Stephen pope and martyr and the 1578 Tuscan-Ottoman peace talks
Salvation at stake : Christian martyrdom in early modern Europe
Donatist martyr stories : the church in conflict in Roman North Africa
Contextualising early Christian martyrdom
Witness of the body : the past, present, and future of Christian martyrdom
Dying to be men : gender and language in early Christian martyr texts
An Old English Martyrology
Christian martyrdom in late antiquity (300-450 AD) : history and discourse, tradition and religious identity
Edmund Campion : a scholarly life
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. III, [July 26 - Oct. 14]
Paul the martyr : the cult of the apostle in the Latin West
