http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5838 number systems
number systems
Choosing the chief : presidential elections in France and the United States
Vocational education and training reform in Latvia
Carl Schmitt's international thought : order and orientation
Medieval Japan : essays in institutional history
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 3, Capturing the basic chord qualities
Communes and despots in medieval and Renaissance Italy
On history : Oliver Stone and Tariq Ali  in conversation
Asian new democracies : the Philippines, South Korea and Taiwan compared
From the Russian Revolution to the Second World War -- The Post/Word War II Order -- The Soviet Union and its Satellite States -- Pax Americana? -- Blowback -- The Revenge of History.
Real choices/new voices : how proportional representation elections could revitalize American democracy
The one-state solution : a breakthrough for peace in the Israeli-Palestinian deadlock
Dutch : a memoir of Ronald Reagan
Capitalism, state formation and Marxist theory : historical investigations
Introduction to contemporary music
The transformation of American politics : activist government and the rise of conservatism
The process of democratization : a comparative study of 147 states, 1980-88
Explores key aspects of the city state in late medieval and renaissance Italy, particularly the nature and quality of different types of government. This work focuses on the apparently antithetical but often similar governmental forms represented by the republics and despotisms of the period.
Higher education in England and France since the 1980s
The number systems of analysis
Dynamic Finland : the political system and the welfare state
How Pol Pot came to power : colonialism, nationalism, and communism in Cambodia, 1930-1975
Chile, the making of a republic, 1830-1865 : politics and ideas
The Routledge companion to Central and Eastern Europe since 1919
Benefiting from basic education, school quality and functional literacy in Kenya
The discourse on political pluralism in early eighteen-century England : A conceptual study with special reference to terminology of religious origin
Liberalism under siege : the political thought of the French doctrinaires
The universal history of numbers : from prehistory to the invention of the computer
Vocational education in Latvia : recent changes, challenges and reform needs
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
The 1889-90 famine anf the Mahdiyya in the Sudan : an attempt to implement the principles of an islamic economy
Religious festivals and caste system in India during 19th century
Industrialization in an open economy : Nigeria 1945-1966
Russian political thought : a concise historia
China now : an introductory survey with readings
Education, culture, and identity in twentieth-century China
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 2, Twelve basic interval sounds to master
The end of Czechoslovakia
Betty Friedan and the making of the feminine mystique : the American left, the cold war, and modern feminism
Austria from Habsburg to Hitler. Vol. 1, Labor's workshop of democracy
The struggle for South Africa : a reference guide to movements, organizations and institutions. Vol. 2
Public opinion in postcommunist Russia
Capitalist realism : is there no alternative?
China : radicalism to revisionism 1962-1979
M. A. Jinnah views and reviews
The Breakdown of democratic regimes
Growth of the American Revolution, 1766-1775
An introduction to discrete mathematics : for business and computing
Conclusion (s. 253-269).
The Port Huron statement (1962)
Amazing Android apps for dummies
Scars of war, wounds of peace : the Israeli-Arab tragedy
Worker resistance under Stalin : class and revolution on the shop floor
Modern Iran : the dialectics of continuity and change
Iran : the crisis of democracy
Education in the Estonian SSR
The state and the subaltern : modernisation, society and the state in Turkey and Iran
Abstract: Schisms in politics or political parties?.
Monetary circulation in Central Europe at the beginning of the Early Modern Age : attempts to establish a shared currency as an aspect of the political culture of the 16th century (1524-1573)
L codes and generalized number systems
The struggle for South Africa : a reference guide to movements, organizations and institutions. Vol. 1
The handbook of political change in Eastern Europe
The piratization of Russia : Russian reform goes awry
Civic war & the corruption of the citizen
Politics in modern Greece
Bridge to abstract mathematics
A time and place for everything? : social visualisation tools and critical literacies
The Breakdown of democratic regimes. 1, Crisis, breakdown and reequilibration
The sovietization of the Baltic states : collectivization of Latvian agriculture 1944-1956
Thailand : the politics of despotic paternalism
Development and nationhood : essays in the political economy of South Asia
Democracy and power-sharing in stormy weather : the case of Lebanon
An ethic for enemies : forgiveness in politics
India after Gandhi : the history of the world's largest democracy
The vital center : the politics of freedom
Lords of the land : the war over Israel's settlements in the occupied territories, 1967-2007
Education and state formation : the rise of education systems in England, France and the USA
Learning to read : the effect of orthography
Legality and legitimacy : Carl Schmitt, Hans Kelsen and Hermann Heller in Weimar
Contemporary harmony : romanticism through the twelve-tone row
The "real easy" ear training book : a beginning/intermediate guide to hearing the chord changes
Commanding Syria : Bashar al-Asad and the first years in power
Stability and unity on a culture of fear
Grassroots election in China
The economics of German Unification : an introduction
Money, power and ideology : political parties in post-authoritarian Indonesia
Developments in American politics 4
Ad infinitum ... : the ghost in Turing's machine : taking God out of mathematics and putting the body back in : an essay in corporeal semiotics
Ireland in the twentieth century
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 1, Scale forms through six basic tetrachords
Collective leadership and factionalism : an essay on Ho Chi Minh's legacy
Are political parties the weak link in Indonesia's young democracy? More pointedly, do they form a giant cartel to suck patronage resources from the state? Indonesian commentators almost invariably brand the country's parties as corrupt, self-absorbed, and elitist, while most scholars argue that they are poorly institutionalized. The book tests such assertions by providing unprecedented and fine-grained analysis of the inner workings of Indonesian parties, and by comparing them to their equivalents in other new democracies around the world. Contrary to much of the existing scholarship, the book finds that Indonesian parties are reasonably well institutionalized if compared to their counterparts in Latin America, Eastern Europe, and other parts of Asia. There is also little evidence that Indonesian parties are cartelized. But there is a significant flaw in the design of Indonesia's party system: while most new democracies provide state funding to parties, Indonesia has opted to deny central party boards any meaningful subsidies. As a result, Indonesian parties face severe difficulties in financing their operations, leading them to launch predatory attacks on state resources and making them vulnerable to manipulation by oligarchic interests. --Publisher's description.
The American political process
The Fascist experience in Italy
Russian politics and society
Romania : a developing socialist state
The 'Hitler myth' : image and reality in the Third Reich
The experience of democratization in Eastern Europe
China : a second look
