http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5848 reading research
reading research
The second edition of this highly successful anthology makes available to the feminist reader a collection of essays which does justice to the range and diversity, as well as to the eloquence and the challenge of recent feminist critical theory and practice. The new, enlarged Feminist Reader includes Toni Morrison's brilliant discussion of a Hemingway short story, Line Pouchard's reading of Radclyffe Hall's lesbian classic, The Well of Loneliness, Marjorie Garber on Elvis and cross-dressing, and Diane Elam on the relation between feminist and postmodernism, in addition to a selection of influential essays by prominent feminist critics and theorists. The book arose directly from the editors' experience of teaching feminist criticism, and their sense of the need for a fully annotated, representative selection of essays for discussion. They have included a summary of each essay, a glossary of unfamiliar terms, new suggestions for further reading and an updated introduction, mapping the field of feminist critical theory.
Sexuality and the reading encounter : identity and desire in Proust, Duras, Tournier, and Cixous
Through the eyes of a child : an introduction to children's literature
The popular book : a history of America's literary taste
The politics of reading and readership in American ethnic literature : criticism and creativity
Reading matters : what the research reveals about reading, libraries, and community
Teaching reading around the world
Readability : an appraisal of research and application
Commerce with the classics : ancient books and renaissance readers
Europeans read newspapers 2007
Reading with feeling : the aesthetics of appreciation
The woman reader
Becoming a woman through romance
Studies in reading. 2.
Teaching reading around the world : IEA study of reading literacy
How to read a poem and fall in love with poetry
Gender and reading : essays on readers, texts, and contexts
Readers in history : nineteenth-century American literature and the contexts of response
Reception theory : a critical introduction
Tell me : children, reading & talk
Reading cultures : the construction of readers in the twentieth century
Children's reading choices
Literature as communication
The reader and the text : interpretative strategies for Latin American literatures
More booktalking that works
Gendering the reader
Working with affect in feminist readings : disturbing differences
Reading research into the year 2000
The cultural study of reception
A book of children's literature
"Gendering the Reader" is a collection of essays which aims to explore the relationship between gender and reading/interpretation. Rather than accepting a simple argument that women interpret texts differently, the contributors to this volume are concerned to explore the way that gender does and does not make a difference in a wide variety of interpretive contexts - in film, literature, TV, art, pop-songs, advertisements and magazines. The book presents a cogent synthesis of current research across the fields of film theory, cultural studies, media analysis, literary theory and sociology. "Gendering the Reader" poses important questions not only about the reading/viewing/hearing process, but also about the nature of gender differences.
Basso Magazine is a music magazine published by the Helsinki-based media company Oy Basso Media Ltd. The magazine covers in its articles both domestic and foreign artists and bands in the field of urban music. In addition, the magazine also consists of articles about fashion and art. This thesis presents the research process and the results of a Basso Magazine reader survey. At the time of the research, the magazine had been published since 2006, with six issues per year. The thesis was commissioned in spring 2009. The aim of the reader survey was to find out subscribers' and single issue buyers' opinions on the content of the magazine. In addition, readers were asked to share their new ideas and improvement suggestions for the magazine's developmental purposes. The company had not previously implemented this type of reader survey. The reader survey was conducted as a web-based questionnaire in late spring 2009. It consisted of both structured and open questions. The questions were divided into different categories. The responses of the questionnaire were analyzed and based on the responses charts and figures were drawn up, forming the basis of the analysis chapter. The most frequent themes, which emerged from the open answers, were also analyzed in the same chapter. On the basis of the responses readers of the magazine were satisfied with the visual style and the layout of it. Feedback of the content was more critical, however. The readers wanted more clear structure and in-depth focus on the journalistic views of the articles. The research study showed that Basso Magazine has an active and conscious readership and they are willing to take part in the development of the magazine in the future.
Early reading instruction : what science really tells us about how to teach reading
Readability, comprehension and readership : an experimental study on the readability of Finnish magazine articles, with special reference to readership
The Blackwell guide to literary theory
Readability, comprehension and readership : An experimental study on the readability of Finnish magazine articles, with special reference to readership
Adolescents talk about reading : exploring resistance to and engagement with text
Tell me a story : developmentally appropriate retelling strategies
Children's literary response : a matter of questioning
The book trade in Finland : from author to reader - support measures and development in the book trade
The return of the reader : reader-response criticism
Commerce with the classics : ancient books and Renaissance readers
Research in the three R's
Re-reading Zola and worldwide naturalism : miscellanies in honour of Anna Gural-Migdal
Reading cultural difference : the reception of a short story in six European countries
Reading W. G. Sebald : adventure and disobedience
Attitudes to the press : a report
Estonian media survey : Readership of Estonian newspapers and magazines autumn 1993.
Handbook of reading research. Vol. 2
Eyetracking the news : a study of print and online reading
The reading of theoretical texts : a critique of criticism in the social sciences
The bestseller code : anatomy of the blockbuster novel
Reading ability of Latvian students : results from an international study
Bright beginnings for boys : engaging young boys in active literacy
Catullus and his Renaissance readers
LITERATURE AND THE BRAIN goes straight to the human core of literature when it explains the different ways our brains convert stories, poems, plays, and films into pleasure. When we are deep into a film or book, we find ourselves absorbed, unaware of our bodies or our surroundings. We don't doubt the existence of Spider-Man or Harry Potter, and we have real feelings about these purely imaginary beings. Our brains are behaving oddly, because we know we cannot act to change what we are seeing. This is only one of the special ways our brains behave to with literature, ways that LITERATURE AND THE BRAIN reveals.
Who reads literature? : the future of the United States as a nation of readers
School-age reading interests : a methodological approach
Newspaper readership : Finns diligent newspaper readers
Young people's reading at the end of the century : focus on ethnic minority pupils
The braid of literature : children's worlds of reading
English summary: Revolution or evolution? Reading in the age of social media.
Literature and psychoanalysis : the question of reading - otherwise
Readers and reading
The intellectual life of the British working classes
"Reading the unreadable" : narrative gaps in Henry James's The turn of the screw
The ethnography of reading
Studies in reading. 1.
Feminism and the politics of reading
Modern literary theory : a comparative introduction
The experimental study of reading
Literary interpretation and cultural context : an empirical study on women readers from Finland and the United States
New directions in American reception study
Reception study : from literary theory to cultural studies
Cultural analysis of texts
On deconstruction : theory and criticism after structuralism
The production and reception of literature : a seminar report
Teaching and learning about multicultural literature : students reading outside their culture in a middle school classroom
The culture of reading and the teaching of English
The feminist reader : essays in gender and the politics of literary criticism
The child and the book : a psychological and literary exploration
"This compelling book emphasizes the critical role of quality multicultural literature and reader response in today's schools and libraries"--Provided by publisher.
Europeans read newspapers
Brain sensitivity to print emerges when children learn letter-speech sound correspondences
Readers' responses versus reader-response theories : an empirical study
On ideology in children's literature - an analysis of speech representation in children's fiction
Press and public : who reads what, when, where, and why in American newspapers
Reader survey for development purposes : case: Basso Magazine
Biographical dictionary of literary influences : the nineteenth century, 1800-1914
Re-reading/ La relecture : essays in honour of Graham Falconer
Becoming a reader : the experience of fiction from childhood to adulthood
Finnish summary.
Literature and the brain
Reading the romance : women, patriarchy, and popular literature
New policy guidelines for reading : connecting research and practice
Aikakauskirja Kasvatuksen lukijatutkimus = Läsarnas opinion om den pedagogiska tidskriften Kasvatus = The Finnish journal of education: readership study
Finns and Hungarians as readers
Reading women's magazines : an analysis of everyday media use
The reader, the text, the poem : the transactional theory of the literary work
Reading Research at Oulu
Comics and visual culture : research studies from ten countries = La bande dessinée et la culture visuelle : traveaux de recherche réalisés dans dix pays = Comics und visuelle Kultur : Forschungsberichten aus zehn Ländern
Reading and reader development : the pleasure of reading
The reading groups book
Crossing borders : reception theory, poststructuralism, deconstruction
The moomins in the world - learning with text
Multicultural literature and response : affirming diverse voices
Young people's reading at the end of the century : focus on pupils with special educational needs
Reader-response criticism from formalism to post-structuralism
On lexical language change in literal texts : a case study of Jane Eyre and its two Finnish translations
