http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5840 prescriptions
prescriptions
Prescription of psychotropic drugs in outpatient care
Medicines management in children's nursing
Clinical calculations : with applications to general and specialty areas
Clinical drug trials in Finland : quality and characteristics
Proceedings of symposium on dose determination with animal drugs
Compares and contrasts these types of biologics with one another and with small molecule drugs, while incorporating the essential international regulatory documents. This book provides coverage of the process of nonclinical safety assessment and comprehensive reviews of each type of biopharmaceutical.
Nonclinical development of novel biologics, biosimilars, vaccines and specialty biologics
Abstract.
Market research : questionnaire on osteoporosis treatment
A remedy for the problem of medicines' availability
Medical adherence and aging : social and cognitive perspectives
Medicines management for clinical nurses
Oxford handbook of nurse prescribing
"Now established as the indispensable formulary in psychopharmacology, this latest edition of The Prescriber's Guide has been completely revised and updated to reflect the most current practice in the use of psychotropic drugs. Easy to navigate and easy to use, The Prescriber's Guide combines evidence-based information with clinically informed guidance to support clinicians in making the most effective prescribing decisions for the good of their patients. With coverage of twelve brand-new drugs - including antidepressants, antipsychotics, hypnotics, nonstimulants for ADHD, and medical foods - and incorporating information on the newest indications, new formulations, new recommendations, and new safety data, this edition continues to provide the essential practical support required by anyone prescribing in the field of mental health"--Provided by publisher.
Governing the implementation of a complex inter-organizational information system network : the case of Finnish prescription
British national formulary. 58
Elements of pharmaceutical pricing
Health information technology in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
Suomen apteekkien signatuuriaiheita = Signaturmotiv på apoteken i Finland = Symbols used in tag-labels at pharmacies in Finland
Nordic-wide validity of prescriptions
Theoretical social pharmacy : the drug sector from a social science perspective
"This book introduces readers to structured systems analysis and the medications domains. It starts off with top-down decomposition of workflows and data. It applies structured systems analysis methodology and tools to electronic prescription, computerized physician order entry, drug dispensation, medication administration, and clinical decision support. Providing a comprehensive view of the EHR/EMR, the text covers user interface considerations, reporting requirements, and standards and vocabularies for meaningful use. Assuming no previous clinical and/or informatics knowledge, the author uses accessible language and includes over 250 figures and 100 review questions with answers"
Cognitions, metacognitions and unconscious processes in pharmacy communications
The Middle English recipe as a text-type
Finnish summary.
Stahl's essential psychopharmacology : the prescriber's guide
Development and control of medicines and medical devices
Combination products : regulatory challenges and successful product developement
ACSM's guidelines for exercise testing and prescription
Industrial organization studies on pharmaceutical markets
Medicines management : a guide for nurses
Stockley's drug interactions : a source book of interactions, their mechanisms, clinical importance and management
Calculation of drug dosages : a work text
Nursing calculations
Oxford handbook of practical drug therapy
Radcliff and Ogden's calculation of drug dosages
Drug use and polypharmacy in elderly persons
Summary: What patients ask about their medicines in the pharmacy?.
Peer facilitation and multifaceted intervention in guideline implementation : enhancing care of cardiovascular diseases in primary care
Species-specific and indication-based use of antimicrobials in dogs, cats, cattle and horses in Finland : data collected using three different methods
Three receptaria from medieval England : the languages of medicine in the fourteenth century
The purpose of this thesis was to prepare a market research and a thorough analysis on consumer buying behavior. This work introduces some of the famous theories of buying behavior and the aim is to apply these theories into the target segment of the market research. The purpose was also to analyse and clarify the questionnaire done in 2013 about osteoporosis treatment done in 2013. The questionnaire was ordered by an American company Amgen that manufactures, researches and develops biological medicines. The purpose of the questionnaire was to find out the factors that affect on the treatment and medicine choices of the doctors who prescribe osteoporosis medications. Also the potential barriers of prescribing Medicine X were investigated for future purposes. Consumer behaviour is studied by many marketing specialists, and the importance of understanding consumer behaviour has grown to be one of the key concepts of marketing. Consumer behaviour was chosen as the theoretical part for this thesis as the analysis of the questionnaire is founded on these theories. This thesis is focusing on the main factors that affect on consumer buying behavior and the buying decision process. After analyzing the questionnaire it was discovered that a majority of respondents were actually potential future prescribers of Medicine X. The reasons why there was resistance in trying the product were affected by the price, the lack of experience and research and a new dosing method.
Stockley's Drug Interactions Pocket Companion 2012
Commercialisation of advanced therapies : a study of the EU regulation on advanced therapy medical products
Calculations for nursing and healthcare
British National Formulary. 59 : March 2010.
Math for nurses : a pocket guide to dosage calculation and drug preparation
Electronic health record : a systems analysis of the medications domain
Math for nurses
Prescribing antimicrobial agents for dogs and cats via university pharmacies in Finland : patterns and quality of information
Novel processes created by electronic prescribing
Drug calculations / process and problems for clinical practise
Suomen apteekkien signatuuriaiheita = Signaturmotiv på apoteken i Finland = Symbols used in tag-labels at pharmacies in Finland / Bengt Mattila
Psychotropic drug use in community-dwelling older people : pharmacoepidemiological aspects
Delivery of European cross-border healthcare and the relevance and effects of EU regulations and judicial processes : with reference to delivery of drugs and blood donor information material
Anatomy of an epidemic : magic bullets, psychiatric drugs, and the astonishing rise of mental illness in America
The Liber de diversis medicinis in the Thornton Manuscript (ms. Lincoln cathedral A.5.2)
Summary: Assesment and guidance of patient counselling - a development trial at Military Pharmacy.
Problem solving within professional services : a study of physicians ́ prescribing decisions
The pharmacy technician series. Vol. 3, Fundamentals of pharmacy practice
Delivery of European Cross-Border Health Care and the Relevance and Effects of EU Regulations and Judicial Processes with Reference to Delivery of Drugs and Blood Donor Information Material.
Implementing nurse prescribing : an updated review of current practice internationally
Statistics on local drug sales : a tool to identify problem areas and to follow effects of education on drug use
The selection and use of essential medicines
Plague recipes in sixteeth and seventeenth century English medical publications
Health and social service use among older people : the last two years of life
Use of medicines in children : a perspective on drug-related problems
