http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5855 kantele
kantele
The enforcement of EU competition rules by civil law
Revontuli : Northern lights
Inspired by tradition : Kalevala poetry in Finnish music
One hundred years of beauty sleep
The kantele
Kanklės as the remainder of the ethnic and ethnocultural cooperation among the Balts and Baltic Finns : problems of begining
Finnish Music Quarterly 1998:2 : When Old is New
Taidegraafikot 50 = Finnish Graphic Artists 50 : Suomen taidegraafikot ry:n 50-vuotisjuhlanäyttely = The 50th Anniversary Exhibition of the Society of Finnish Graphic Artists : 14.3.-5.4.1981
Voisitko soittaa "Konevitsan kirkonkellot"? : Interpretation of traditional Karelian kantele tunes by using the modern kantele
Memento of Finland : a musical legacy
Music, joy, and five strings : children pluck music from a piece of wood
Best of kantele
Nonlinear modeling and synthesis of the kantele - a traditional Finnish string instrument
Baltic psaltery, a living heritage
Sonaatti kanteleelle = Sonata for kantele
Paul Salminen - developer of the Finnish concert kantele and playing technique
Kanteleesta puheen ollen... = Speaking of the kantele..
Boundless awakenings
In visible vibration : a guidebook for the 11-string kantele
Russian chromatic gusli and Finnish concert kantele : from imperial past to groundbreaking future
Kanklės of the Baltic Sea nations : from a village house to a concert hall : proceedings of the Second International Symposium for Kanklės Researches = [Baltijos tautu kanklės : nuo kaimo gryčios iki koncertu salės]
Karelian kantele improvisation in the light of the 19th century manuscripts
Business opportunities for Koistinen Kantele in Japan : a market survey
Suloisesti laulava puu = The sweetly singing woods
An ancient instrument enters the modern era
The Project-Based Thesis is aimed at writing a Business plan for a Bar and Nightclub called Kannelklubi.  The thesis was written in three parts. First, theoretical framework was gathered from various sources in order to understand how a successful, working Business Plan should be written. The elements of the Business Plan were studied in detail and used in the writing of actual business plan. Second part discussed the process of the business plan as well as the evaluation of the product. The third part is the actual business plan. The main idea to write the thesis was to prepare the writer for starting a business of his own. It was necessary to understand the various steps required to do so. The thesis was seen as a means to test the success of the business. In the beginning, the writer was not much concerned to attract financiers. Later, it was thought that this was a good opportunity to do so if other partners backed off from the project. The Business Plan was written, keeping in mind the real-life figures. The writer did succeed in writing a working Business Plan and realizing it with some modifications. Kannelklubi opened during the final stages of writing the Business Plan and is still in operation. In the thesis, Kannelklubi is evaluated to help new entrepreneurs understand the importance of a well drafted Business Plan.
Origins of Latvian and Estonian playing styles in the Baltic psaltery revival
The kantele, our national heritage : "among the youngsters rising, among the people growing"
The kantele : from the jaw of a pike to electric amplification
The tangible in music : the tactile learning of a musical instrument
The tradition of kantele. Vol. 3, The new era
Hello world
Explorations in Kannelmäki : building design knowledge through practice-based design research
Equivocations : op. 53 : for kantele, violin, viola, cello
Proposal for a protocol engineering language
Kantele : new life for Finland's national instrument
Kantele as a sound producing tool
Abstract: Could you play "The Konevitsa Church Bells"? : Interpretation of traditional Karelian kantele tunes by using the modern kantele.
My favourite thing
Let's play kantele : a tuition book for 5-stringed kanteles
Sonaatti kanteleelle : Sonata for Kantele
[Sonaatit, kantele] = Sonaatti kanteleelle = Sonata for Kantele
Finnish Music Quarterly 2001:2 : Building Instruments
Sounds of kantele
The small or the big kokles? : a shift of preferences in the context of the folklore revival movement
The tradition of kantele. Vol. 2.
Ice flowers melting : music for the kantele
Faces : visions of the kantele
Selected reports in ethnomusicology. Vol. 3, no. 1
Laulu kulttuurisena kommunikaationa = Song as cultural communication = Pesnâ kak sredstvо kul'turnoj kommunikacii : proceedings from the Runosong Academy Jubilee Seminar, 8-10 October 2010
A guide to five-string kantele playing
20 best of Europe
Songs of freedom
Peilikuvia : suomalaisen metalligrafiikan murros 1980-luvulla = Mirror images : the transformation of Finnish printmaking in the 1980s
The small of the big kokles? : a shift of prefences in the context of the folkore revival movement
Select bibliography
Now image for old : the kantele dispels the myth
Comparing beryllium copper strings to steel strings on a carved kannel
Kannel : suomalaisia kantelesävellyksiä = music for kantele by Finnish composer
The mythical origin of Väinämöinen's kantele
Finnish folk music
The Baltic psalteries : bibliographical problems and desiderata revisited
On this planet : aspects of Finnish nature
The art of "touching the kantele" : aspects of the effect of posture and movement in kantele playing
Sato = Harvest
