http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5854 rebuilding (construction)
rebuilding (construction)
One year after
"Appearing on the world stage in 1918, Lithuania suffered numerous invasions, border changes and large scale population displacements.The successive occupations of Stalin in 1940 and Hitler in 1941, mass deportations to the Gulag and the elimination of the Jewish community in the Holocaust gave the horrors of World War II a special ferocity. Moreover, the fighting continued after 1945 with the anti-Soviet insurrection, crushed through mass deportations and forced collectivization in 1948-1951. At no point, however, did the process of national consolidation take a pause, making Lithuania an improbably representative case study of successful nation-building in this troubled region. As postwar reconstruction gained pace, ethnic Lithuanians from the countryside--the only community to remain after the war in significant numbers--were mobilized to work in the cities. They streamed into factory and university alike, creating a modern urban society, with new elites who had a surprising degree of freedom to promote national culture. This book describes how the national cultural elites constructed a Soviet Lithuanian identity against a backdrop of forced modernization in the fifties and sixties, and how they subsequently took it apart by evoking the memory of traumatic displacement in the seventies and eighties, later emerging as prominent leaders of the popular movement against Soviet rule"--
A short history of Reconstruction, 1863-1877
Sierra Leone after the war : reconstruction, aid and corruption
Late Stalinist Russia : society between reconstruction and reinvention
Imperial life in the emerald city : inside Iraq's green zone
Military chaplains as agents of peace : religious leader engagement in conflict and post-conflict environments
Explorations in OEEC history
Model houses for model families : gender,ideology and the modern dwelling : the type-planned houses of the 1940s in Finland
Building and re-building sustainable communities
Arigato : Tokyo designers week
Sierra Leone After the War : Reconstruction, Aid and Corruption
Desk study on the environment in Liberia
EU peacebuilding in Kosovo and Afghanistan : legality and accountability
International governance of war-torn territories : rule and reconstruction
Information on the Marshall Plan for Americans going abroad
Rebels in a rotten state : Understanding atrocity in the Sierra Leone civil war
Human system responses to disaster : an inventory of sociological findings
Corruption : the alpha and omega of a conflict?
Sustainable Peace : Angola's recovery
Governance, the state, regulation and industrial relations
The making and breaking of Soviet Lithuania : memory and modernity in the wake of war
Violence and reconstruction
Losing Iraq : inside the postwar reconstruction fiasco
"Frustrated efforts in both Iraq and Afghanistan give urgency to the question of how to craft effective, humane, and legitimate security institutions in conflict-ridden states - and whether legitimate policing can in fact be developed in the midst of insurgency and terrorism. David H. Bayley and Robert M. Perito confront these questions head on. Against the backdrop of failed US attempts to train police forces in Iraq and Afghanistan, Bayley and Perito explore the role of the local police as an element of successful peace operations and counterinsurgency campaigns. Their analysis ranges from the specifics of training to the larger arena of broad institutional reform. Equally practical and grounded in theory, their work offers crucial guidance on the role and training of local police forces that must grapple daily with the challenges of ongoing conflicts." -- Book description.
Conflict and stability in the German Democratic Republic
NGOs and peacebuilding in Bosnia's ethnically divided cities
State collapse and reconstruction in the periphery : political economy, ethnicity, and development in Yugoslavia, Serbia and Kosovo
West German industry and the challenge of the Nazi past, 1945-1955
The reconstruction and re-equipment of Kuwait : new business opportunities. Vol. 1, no. 2
Disaster recovery project management : bringing order from chaos
The European recovery program
Welcome on board! : the Sea Stallion From Glendalough : a Viking longship recreated
Explores what daily life was like in post-war Germany, with insights about the larger shifts in German culture, art, and society
a History of European Integration since 1914
A new trusteeship? : the international administration of war-torn territories
"The reconstruction of society after conflict is complex and multifaceted. This book investigates this theme as it relates to cultural heritage through a number of case studies relating to European wars since 1864. The case studies show in detail how buildings, landscapes, and monuments become important agents in postconflict reconstruction, as well as how their meanings change and how they become sites of competition over historical narratives and claims. Looking at iconic and lesser-known sites, this book connects broad theoretical discussions of reconstruction and memorialization to specific physical places, and in the process it traces shifts in their meanings over time. This book identifies common threads and investigates their wider implications. It explores the relationship between cultural heritage and international conflict, paying close attention to the long aftermaths of acts of destruction and reconstruction and making important contributions through the use of new empirical evidence and critical theory. Marie Louise Stig Sorensen is a Reader in Archaeology at the University of Cambridge and Professor of Bronze Age Studies at Leiden University. She coordinates the University of Cambridge's postgraduate degree program in archaeological heritage and museums, one of the first degree courses in this field"--Provided by publisher.
Outcomes of post-tsunami housing reconstruction : a case study from Sri Lanka
Addressing state fragility in Africa : a need to challenge the established ‘wisdom’?
Locality, memory, reconstruction : the cultural challenges and possibilities of former single-industry communities
The reconstruction of Western Europe 1945-51
When the war was over : women, war and peace in Europe, 1940-1956
Since 1945 Europe has experienced many periods of turmoil and conflict and as many moments of peace and integration: from the devastation felt in the aftermath of World War II to the recovery in the 1950s and 1960s; to the new challenges in the 1970s and 1980s when neoliberal policies led to fundamental social and economic changes, marked by the effects of the oil shock and widespread unemployment; and then 1989 and after when the existing world order experienced new convulsions. In this brilliant and comprehensive work, the author, one of the best known social historians of Europe, discusses a wide range of subjects, not shying away from controversial topics: family structure, work, consumption, values, migration, inequality, elites, civil society, social movements, media, welfare state, education, and urban policies. He focuses on the fundamental changes European societies underwent in the second half of the twentieth century but also explores what divides Europeans, what unites them, and what sets them apart from the rest of the world.
War and cultural heritage : biographies of place
Africa's recovery from conflict : making peace work for the poor
The reconstruction of Western Europe, 1945-51
Ending Obama's war : responsible military withdrawal from Afghanistan
After the World Trade Center : rethinking New York City
Japan's disaster governance : how was the 3.11 crisis managed?
An African perspective on state-building : institutional capabilities and legitimacy of the state
Industrial buildings : conservation and regeneration
Reconstructing agriculture in Afganistan
Governance out of a box : ICT4State-building - African experiences and opportunities / edited by Suvi Tuominen and Stephen Lyabandi
What we owe Iraq : war and the ethics of nation building
The UN's role in nation-building : from the Congo to Iraq
Planning the "city of tomorrow" : British reconstruction planning, 1939-1952 : an annotated bibliography
Summary (s. xv-xxxvvv).
Building peace after war
Economic crises and restructuring in history : experiences of small countries
European reconstruction brings to the fore the most critical problem facing architecture in our time
The Nebula valley has just emerged from a dark era, when for centuries, monstrous creatures inhabited the mists. It is now time for guilds of brave explorers to travel through the foggy pathways, exploit the resources and build new buildings and towns on the ruins of the devastated cities. Nebula will restore its peace and prosperity, and you are to become the heroes of the valley!
Building resilience : social capital in post-disaster recovery
Planning education in and after emergencies
Transforming for stabilization and reconstruction operations
Perspectives on Cote d'Ivoire : between political breakdown and post-conflict peace
The resilient city : how modern cities recover from disaster
State building in post conflict Rwanda : citizen participation in local conflict mitigation
Max Planck yearbook of United Nations law. Volume 9
The ordeal of peace : demobilization and the urban experience in Britain and Germany, 1917-1921
The big truck that went by : how the world came to save Haiti and left behind a disaster
Savage continent : Europe in the aftermath of World War II
Rebuilding rural livelihoods and social capital : Mozambique's experience
A social history of Europe, 1945-2000 : recovery and transformation after two World Wars
The Marshall plan and its meaning
"My heart is open when I'm home" : returnees rebuilding homes and social networks in Prijedor, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Hommage an Mostar = Hommage Mostaru = Hommage to Mostar
"On March 11, 2011, a devastating earthquake and subsequent tsunami hit northeastern Japan causing catastrophic damage. In their aftermath, Design Association NPO, best known internationally as the host of Tokyo Designers Week, organized the Arigato Project, a multifaceted program to aid rebuilding through the power of art and design. Arigato means thank you. This book serves to express heartfelt gratitude for the support and kindness received from around the world in response to this natural disaster. While doing so, it documents compelling creativity by professional designers, students, and talented amateurs generated through the Arigato Project in disciplines including product design, architecture, fashion design, music, photography, and urban development."--Back cover.
Research on rural credit union financial risk management and precaution. Case study: Mianzhu rural credit union
The First World War and its aftermath : the shaping of the Middle East
Migration
1947 : barwy ruin : Warszawa i Polska w odbudowie na zdjęciach Henry'ego N. Cobba = The colors of ruin : the reconstruction of Warsaw and Poland in the photographs of Henry N. Cobb
Politics of affection : ex-combatants, political engagement and reintegration programs in Liberia
Retrofitting and rehabilitatin of high rise fire damaged concrete building
From conflict to recovery in Africa
The Economic Reconstruction of Europe
Poland in the modern world : beyond martyrdom
Rebuilding Afghanistan's agriculture sector
Reconstructing conflict : integrating war and post-war geographies
S. 143-159: Lapland : yesterday - today - tomorrow.
Developing fish landing centres : experiences and lessons from Sri Lanka
Reshaping the future : education and postconflict reconstruction
A report of the Round Table Conference on Strategies and Direction for the Reconstruction of Liberia
The hollow years : France in the 1930s
War destroys and organizes : architects and crisis
The Norman conquest : a very short introduction
The European reconstruction 1948-1961 : bibliography on the Marshall Plan and the Organisation for European Economic Co-operation (OEEC) = La reconstruction européenne 1948-1961 : bibliographie sur le Plan Marshall et l'Organisation européenne de coopération économique (OECE)
Reintegration as recognition : ex-combatant and veteran politics in Namibia
Rebuild : Kosovo six years later
Education, conflict and reconciliation : international perspectives
Abstract: Investors have stayed away from the African continent for a very long time and rightfully so. The continent is fraught with civil unrest from Somalia to Sudan, from Libya to Democratic Republic of Congo. Most of the countries that are experiencing civil unrests are resource-rich nations. This gives credence to the concept of 'resource curse' for resource-rich nations. Sierra Leone is no exception, having suffered an eleven-year long civil war, from 1991 to 2002, causing major setbacks for the country, from loss of lives to a disrupted economic system. However, with the speed of economic growth around the world, Africa has become an important entity with its vast natural resource deposits. The world needs Africa to fuel its economic growth, which has seen the influence and presence of China, with the fastest growing economy, see significant growth on the continent. Sierra Leone now enjoys some stability and its economy steadily growing. With the recent discovery of two oil wells off the coasts of Freetown is bound to see more FDI coming the country's way. The country also has embarked on reopening some of its mines that were closed because of the civil war. The country is expected to start negotiating for mining and exploration contracts. For the past 50 years, China has been working hard to strategically position itself in Africa and developed important bilateral relationships to maintain a strong foothold on the continent. China has become Africa's leading single donor, on a continent that largely depends on aid; this is a major advantage for the Asian giant. Western and Chinese aid are both aimed at the same goal, the UN's Millennium Development Goals (MDG). However, there are significant differences in their policies and implementations. The difference can be found in their conditions and/or what they are tied to (place or company to spend it with).
Resistance to reforms : settlement and agricultural reforms in post-genocide Rwanda
Fragile peace : state failure, violence and development in crisis regions
Imperial life in the emerald city : inside Baghdad's green zone
Iraq : from war to a new authoritarianism
Civilizing the enemy : German reconstruction and the invention of the West
This study explores the historical development of the Liberian labor market with a particular focus on young men and women. It asks, what constitutes and shapes the Liberian labour market? By looking at labour mobilization and the structure of the (in)formal labour market – both in peace and war – our understanding of the contemporary Liberian labour marketis substantially enhanced. The study finds that there are many recurring patterns of labor migration, labor mobilization and distribution that have existed in the Liberian pre-war, war and post-war settings. Historical structures of informality and patrimonialism continue to dominate Liberia today. In addition to this, the study's focus on youths provides an insight into how this section of society moves through the labour market. It also examines the idea of unemployed youths as particularly prone to violence.
Peacebuilding in the Balkans : the view from the ground floor
African democracy and development : challenges for post-conflict African nations
Making peace work : the challenges of social and economic reconstruction
The impact of World War II on the Soviet Union
Fixing failed states : a framework for rebuilding a fractured world
Reconstruction in Finland
The bitter taste of victory : in the ruins of the Reich
Post-tsunami reconstruction in Indonesia : negotiating normativity through gender mainstreaming initiatives in Aceh
Persistent state weakness in the global age
Road vehicle dynamics : problems and solutions
Post-war reconstruction project business factors : a Finnish perspective to the international project business in the post-war reconstruction of Kuwait after the 1990-1991 Persian Gulf War
The price of war : British policy on German reparations 1941-1949
Youth and labour market in Liberia : on history, state structures and spheres of informalities
Beyond democracy in Cambodia : political reconstruction in a post-conflict society
Domestic dexterity and cultural policy : the idea of cottage industry and historical experience in Finland from the great famine to the reconstruction period
Showa 1944-1953 : a history of Japan
Thirteen moons : a novel
Cultural cabaret : Russian and American essays for Richard Stites
The economic history of Eastern Europe 1919-1975. Vol. 2, Interwar policy, the war and reconstruction
Rebuilding Europe : Western Europe, America, and postwar reconstruction
Ferdinand Salokangas : Salokangas' architecture in Rovaniemi
The King's barn : a renovation project
High-value natural resources and post-conflict peacebuilding
A free city in the Balkans : reconstructing a divided society in Bosnia
Statebuilding : consolidating peace after civil war
The sorrows of Belgium : liberation and political reconstruction, 1944-1947
The Soviet occupation of Germany : hunger, mass violence and the struggle for peace, 1945-1947
Preparedness and response for catastrophic disasters
The United States of Europe
New road, new life, new Russia : international transport corridors at the conjunction of geography and politics in Russia
Corruption and post-conflict peacebuilding : selling the peace?
After mass crime : rebuilding states and communities
Building sustainable livelihoods during post-conflict recovery : a study of skills training in Jendema, Sierra Leone
Security in the 21st century : the United Nations, Afghanistan and Iraq
Tourism and hospitality : issues and developments
Post-conflict development in Bosnia and Herzegovina : the hindrances to local socioeconomic development in Mostar
Ending wars, consolidating peace : economic perspectives
The police in war : fighting insurgency, terrorism, and violent crime
Mies van der Rohe, Barcelona Pavilion
You don't have to live like this : a novel
International state-building after violent conflict : Bosnia ten years after Dayton
Alternative visions of post-war reconstruction : creating the modern townscape
Balkan reconstruction
Reconciliation after violent conflict : a handbook
Post-disaster reconstruction in Qianag ethnic group rural communities of maoxian county, Sichuan province, China
The Afghan economy after the election
Governance out of a box : priorities and sequencing in rebuilding civil administration in post-conflict countries
Winter into summer : Lapland diary 1945-1946
Peacock cries at the Three Gorges
The impletation of the traditional construction method   Adobe/Quincha into modern practice in Peru
Acorna's search
The Aftermath: Europe
The failure of NRA
Post-war reconstruction in Europe : international perspectives, 1945-1949
The time for decision
