http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5865 monks
monks
St. Nadie in winter : Zen encounters with loneliness
The letter collections of Anselm of Canterbury
Shaping stability : the normation and formation of religious life in the Middle Ages
Buddhist monks and monasteries of India : their history and their contribution to Indian culture
A meeting by the river
Cloud path : journey of a wandering monk
Kukai : the universal : scenes from his life
Buddhism beyond the monastery : Tantric practices and their performers in Tibet and the Himalayas : PIATS 2003 : Tibetan Studies: Proceedings of the Tenth Seminar of the International Association for Tibetan Studies, Oxford 2003
Sons of the Buddha : the early lives of three extraordinary Thai masters
Our thoughts determine our lives : the life and teachings of Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica
Legend of the five rings : roleplaying game
Death of a monk
The beautiful mystery
Buddhism and society : a great tradition and its Burmese vicissitudes
Monks and magic : an analysis of religious ceremonies in Central Thailand
The leper of Saint Giles : the fifth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Negotiating clerical identities : priests, monks and masculinity in the Middle Ages
Kingdom of the golden dragon
Scourge and fire : Savoranola and renaissance Florence
Sanctuary : the temples of Angkor
A history of the monks of Syria
Finding sanctuary : monastic steps for everyday life
Mystery of the Abbey
Against the friars : antifraternalism in medieval France and England
The Desert Fathers
Xuanzang's journey to India
Brother-making in late-Antiquity and Byzantium : monks, laymen, and Christian ritual
"The introduction of Christianity affected the organisation of power. A comparable development is seen most powerfully in the career of Wilfrid: the church had produced a new kind of potentate, an ecclesiastical one, with a status and influence transcending the boundaries of a single kingdom"--Provided by publisher.
The way of the lion
Relics, apocalypse, and the deceits of history : Ademar of Chabannes, 989-1034
World without end
Constitutiones quae vocantur ordinis praemonstratensis : e codice Collegii Sanctae Trinitatis Dublinensis 10810
Paradise within reach : monasticism and pilgrimage on Mt Athos
The Thomas Merton encyclopedia
Atonements in the ancient ritual of the Jaina monks
The day of the lie
Monasteries and society in the British Isles in the later Middle Ages
Dalai Lama, my son : a mother's story
The Zen monastic experience : Buddhist practice in contemporary Korea
The wheel of darkness
A star in heavens : the life of Father John of Valamo
Discover your destiny with the monk who sold his Ferrari : the 7 stages of self-awakening
The sound of two hands clapping : the education of a Tibetan Buddhist monk
Legend of the five rings : game master's guide
O monachismos stēn Peloponnēso 4.-15. ai. = Monasticism in the Peloponnese 4th - 15th c.
The first rule of ten
The forest monks of Sri Lanka : an anthropological and historical study
One corpse too many : a medieval novel of suspense
The gemini contenders
Johannes Klenkok : a friar's life, c. 1310-1374
Greek monastery cookery : Healthy cooking of the Eastern Orthodox Monastics or "the magic and wizardry of the cooks"
Monks, nuns and monasteries
The monastic craftsman : an inquiry into the services of monks to art in Britain and in Europe North of the Alps during the middle ages
The hand of time : Saint Bede and the Anglo-Celtic contribution to literary, numerical and manual language
Issues highlighted in the book are the relationship of these charismatic monks to the state and state-controlled monkhood (sangha), the tendency for religious construction to spill over into economic development activities, and the diversity of lowland and highland devotional communities from Thailand and Myanmar
Brother Odd
The life of Stephen of Mar Sabas
Life lessons from the monk who sold his Ferrari
Finding happiness : monastic steps for fulfilling life
The name of the rose
Rule for solitaries
26 bizarre tales of Shaolin vs. Wu-Tang
Amber and ashes
"As the major writer and thinker of the Anglo-Saxon period, the Venerable Bede is a key figure in the study of the literature and thought of this time. This Companion, written by an international team of specialists, is a key introductory guide to Bede, his writings, and his world. The first part of the volume focuses on Bede's cultural and intellectual milieu, covering his life, the secular-political contexts of his day, the foundations of the Latin learning he inherited and sought to perpetuate, the ecclesiastical and monastic setting of early Northumbria, and the foundation of his home institution, Wearmouth-Jarrow. The book then considers Bede's writing in detail, treating his educational, exegetical and historical works. Concluding with a detailed assessment of Bede's influence and reception from the time of his death up to the modern age, the Companion enables the reader to view Bede's writings within a wider cultural context"--Provided by publisher.
"Among medieval Christian societies, Byzantium is unique in preserving the text of a church ritual for 'brother-making' (adelphopoiesis), in which two adult men are pronounced by the prayers of a priest to be 'brothers.' They are expected to remain on friendly terms, and have access to one another's households as quasi-family members. Both the ritual and its application are well attested from the late eighth century to the 15th century and beyond. This phenomenon was at the center of John Boswell's highly controversial and publicized book Same-Sex Unions in Pre-Modern Europe (1994). Although most critics dismissed Boswell's claims that these 'unions' represented church-sanctioned homosexual marriages, his book introduced readers to a poorly-understood Byzantine institution. Claudia Rapp's project will be the first ever book-length study of the ritual brotherhood in medieval Byzantium. Her main objective is to contextualize the tradition in other kinship relationships of Byzantine society and to trace its origins back to early Byzantine monasticism. Rapp will draw on new material on the structure of the ritual and its appearance in the manuscripts to show its proximity to rituals of Christian initiation, such as baptism and entry into the monastic life. She will also consider parallels to male-male relationships in pagan antiquity. Her book will make a timely contribution to an ongoing debate which has lost some of the heat since the aftermath of Boswell's book, but which remains of intrinsic interest to medieval studies, church history and the evolution of social institutions"--Provided by publisher.
Ghost stories
The Cambridge companion to Bede
Monastic life at Cluny 910-1157
Spirituality of the Premonstratensians : the twelfth and thirteenth centuries
Contributions to the anthropology of Nepal : proceedings of a symposium held at The School of Oriental and African Studies University of London June/July 1973
The unknown pilgrim
Follows Hyongak (Paul Muenzen), an American-born Zen monk and student of Korean Zen master Seung Sahn, on a traditional pilgrimage through South Korea. Introduces various aspects of Korean Buddhism, as well parts of Korea's traditional culture, such as pottery and music. Also visits Providence Zen Center, a Korean Zen center in Rhode Island, and provides background information on Hyongak's path to becoming a Buddhist monk.
Prêtrise, pouvoirs et autorité en Himalaya = Priesthood, powers and authority in the Himalayas
Bones of the master : a Buddhist monk's search for the lost heart of China
The inquisitor's diary
Charismatic monks of Lanna buddhism
Jerome and the monastic clergy : a commentary on Letter 52 to Nepotian, with introduction, text, and translation
This sign language was taught to the monks of Ely in the middle ages so that they could communicate at times when the Rule of St Benedict forbade them to speak. The signs indicate the service books they used in church, the various foods they ate and the clothes they wore, the names of their officials and others they might meet, and various actions for everyday life. The manuscript of the instructions for making these gives a rare glimpse into how daily monastic life was lead. It is printed here for the first time in both Latin and English with notes and an introduction on the general history of monastic sign language.
Monk's hood : the third chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Breakfast with Buddha : a novel
The letters of St. Antony : monasticism and the making of a saint
Jōkei and Buddhist devotion in early medieval Japan
Elected silence : the autobiography
Let the great world spin
Signs for silence : the sign language of the monks of Ely in the middle ages
The mendicant houses of medieval London, 1221-1539
The book of Tibetan elders : life stories and wisdom from the great spiritual masters of Tibet
Saint Silouan, the Athonite
World conqueror and world renouncer : a study of Buddhism and polity in Thailand against a historical background
Bones of the master : a journey to secret Mongolia
Buddhist monks and monasteries of India ; their history and their contributions to Indian culture
Road to heaven : encounters with Chinese hermits
Saint Peter's Fair : the fourth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Monks and magicians : religious biographies in Asia
A morbid taste for bones : a mediaeval whodunnit
The living Buddha in the Saint Mountain
