http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5867 psychoanalytic theories
psychoanalytic theories
Pluralism and unity? methods of research in psychoanalysis
The Cambridge companion to Freud
The literary Freud
Enjoy your symptom! : Jacques Lacan in Hollywood and out
Revolution in mind : the creation of psychoanalysis
Questioning identities : configurations of the self and the other in four poems by Sylvia Plath
Movies and methods : an anthology. 2
The unconscious as infinite sets : an essay in bi-logic
Metaphor and the psychodynamic functions of the mind
Television and screen transference
Écrits : a selection
How James Joyce made his name : a reading of the final Lacan
Ecrits : a selection
Beyond Lacan
The four fundamental concepts of psycho-analysis
Personality and learning : educational studies, a second level course. Block 2, Personality theories and dimensions
Therapeutic action : an earnest plea for irony
Freud's paranoid quest : psychoanalysis and modern suspicion
Where do we fall when we fall in love?
Contemporary controversies in psychoanalytic theory, techniques, and their applications
Theories on narcissism : clinical applications : WPA regional symposium, Helsinki, June 1984
An elementary textbook of psychoanalysis
Schools of psychoanalytic thought : an exposition, critique and attempt at integration
Guide to psychoanalytic developmental theories
The works of Jacques Lacan : an introduction
Theories of desire
Ariel - God's lioness. In search of an identity in the poems of Sylvia Plath
A guide to inclusive therapy : 26 methods of respectful resistance-dissolving therapy
Fairbairn : then and now
Understanding mental objects
A decade of progress
Personality structure and human interaction : the developing synthesis of psycho-dynamic theory
Social theory and psychoanalysis in transition : self and society from Freud to Kristeva
Abstract: Psychoanalysis as learning process.
The standing of psychoanalysis
Art and psychoanalysis
Imagine there's no woman : ethics and sublimation
Totem and taboo : resemblances between the psychic lives of savages and neurotics
Validation in the clinical theory of psychoanalysis : a study in the philosophy of psychoanalysis
Separation-Individuation
I'm only bleeding : education as the practice of social violence against children
The Freudian subject
The standard edition of the complete psychological works of Sigmund Freud. Volume XIX (1923-1925) : The ego and the id and other works
Narcissism and the novel
Interpreting dreams
The ethics of psychoanalysis, 1959-1960
Abjection, melancholia, and love : the work of Julia Kristeva
Internal objects revisited
Science of mythology : essays on the myth of the divine child and the mysteries of Eleusis
Erik H. Erikson : explorer of identity and the life cycle
Explorations of the psychoanalytic mystics
Shadow of the other : intersubjectivity and gender in psychoanalysis
Heinz Kohut : the Chicago Institute lectures
The compulsion to create : a psychoanalytic study of women artists
Liberation
Killing Freud : twentieth-century culture and the death of psychoanalysis
Reading Freud : a chronological exploration of Freud's writings
Men, women, passion and power : gender issues in psychotherapy
The interpretation of dreams
The sublime object of ideology
The anatomy of psychotherapy
Beyond the unconscious : essays of Henri F. Ellenberger in the history of psychiatry
Reading Freud : explorations and entertainments
Concepts covered by the terms "ego", "id", and "superego" as applied today in psycho-analytic theory
Jacques Lacan claimed that his theory of feminine sexuality, including the infamous proposition, "the Woman does not exist," constituted a revision of his earlier work on "the ethics of psychoanalysis." In Imagine There's No Woman, Joan Copjec shows how Freud's ragtag, nearly incoherent notion of sublimation was refashioned by Lacan to become the key term in his ethics. To trace the link between feminine being and Lacan's ethics of sublimation, Copjec argues, one must take the negative proposition about the woman's existence not as just another nominalist denunciation of thought's illusions about the existence of universals, but as recognition of the power of thought, which posits and gives birth to the difference of objects from themselves. While the relativist position currently dominant insists on the difference between my views and another's, Lacan insists on this difference within the object I see. The popular position fuels the disaffection with which we regard a world in a state of decomposition, whereas the Lacanian alternative urges our investment in a world that awaits our invention.
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Contemporary psychoanalytic foundations : postmodernism, complexity, and neuroscience
Jung & film. 2, The return : further post-Jungian reflections on the moving image
Bracha Ettinger : resonance/overlay/interweave, The Freud Museum London, 3 June-26 July 2009
Recovery of the lost good object
Kleinian theory : a contemporary perspective
The psychoanalytic theory of neurosis
Feminine psychology
The origins and history of consciousness. Volume II
The Penguin Freud library. 13, The origins of religion : Totem and taboo ; Moses and monotheism, and other works
Freud and his time : the influence of the master psychologist on the emotional problems in our lives
Dreadful pleasures : an anatomy of modern horror
The interpretation of dreams : the illustrated edition
Against Freud : critics talk back
A workbook of group-analytic interventions
Basic Freud : psychoanalytic thought for the twenty first century
Freud scientifically reappraised : testing the theories and therapy
Mothering psychoanalysis : Helene Deutsch, Karen Horney, Anna Freud and Melanie Klein
The analytic Freud : philosophy and psychoanalysis
Developments in psycho-analysis
"Just making pictures" : Hollywood writers, the Frankfurt School, and film theory
Four archetypes : mother, rebirth, spirit, trickster
Psychoanalysis and the philosophy of science : collected papers
Psychoanalytic theory : an introduction
How to read Lacan
Research on the couch : single-case studies, subjectivity and psychoanalytic knowledge
The foundations of psychoanalytic theories : project for a scientific enough psychoanalysis
Personality theories : an introduction
Fashion and the unconscious
The standard edition of the complete psychological works of Sigmund Freud. Vol. 18, 1920-1922 : Beyond the pleasure principle, Group psychology and other works
The Penguin Freud library. 12, Civilization, society and the religion : Group psychology ; Civilization and its discontents ; and other works
Sigmund Freud : examining the essence of his contribution
The foundations of psychoanalysis : a philosophical critique
Art and literature : Jensen's Gradiva, Leonardo da Vinci and other works
Brachan työstä = On Bracha's work : luento, 3.kesäkuuta 2009 = lecture, 3rd of June 2009
Between hermeneutics and science : an essay on the epistemology of psychoanalysis
Often derided as unscientific and self-indulgent, psychoanalysis has been an invaluable resource for artists, art critics and historians throughout the twentieth century. 'Art and Psychoanalysis' investigates these encounters. The dynamics of the dream-work, Freud's 'familiar unfamiliar', fetishism, visual mastery, abjection, repetition, and the death drive are explored through detailed analysis of artists ranging from Max Ernst to Louise Bourgeois, including 1980s postmodernists such as Cindy Sherman, installation artists such as Mike Kelley and post-minimalist sculpture. Innovative and disturbing, 'Art and Psychoanalysis' investigates key psychoanalytic concepts to reveal a dynamic relationship between art and psychoanalysis which goes far beyond interpretation. There is no cure for the artist - but art can reconcile us to the traumatic nature of human experience, converting the sadistic impulses of the ego towards domination and war into a masochistic ethics of responsibility and desire.
The work of culture : symbolic transformation in psychoanalysis and anthropology
This completely revised edition of Men, Women, Passion and Power offers a new critique of conventional notions of masculinity and femininity. Contemporary psychoanalytic debates about sexuality are explored, revealing how the cultural idealisation of men is replicated in theory and clinical practice.
The seminar of Jacques Lacan. Book 2, The ego in Freud's theory and in the technique of psychoanalysis 1954-1955
Art and literature
Psychoanalytic criticism : theory in practice
John Bowlby and attachment theory
Understanding Freud : the man and his ideas
Work and capital
Studies on hysteria
