http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5868 analytical psychology
analytical psychology
Psychological perspectives on literature : freudian dissidents and non-freudians ; a casebook
Observation, hypothesis, introspection
In search of self in India and Japan : toward a cross-cultural psychology
Analytical psychology : its theory and practice : the Tavistock lectures
The neurobiology of the gods : how brain physiology shapes the recurrent imagery of myth and dreams
A life of Jung
Where Id was : challenging normalization in psychoanalysis
Unshadowed thought : representation in thought and language
A new Freudian synthesis : clinical process in the next generation
Analytical psychology and German classical aesthetics : Goethe, Schiller, and Jung. Volume 1
The interpretation of the flesh : Freud and femininity
Truth games : lies, money, and psychoanalysis
Soul and psyche : the Bible in psychological perspective
Totem and taboo : some points of agreement between the mental lives of savages and neurotics
Abstract.
The four fundamental concepts of psycho-analysis
Psychology in perspective
Cinematic projections : the analytical psychology of C.G. Jung and film theory
"Throughout his career, Obeyesekere has combined psychoanalysis and anthropology to illuminate the relationship between personal symbolism and religious experience. In this book, he begins with Buddha's visionary trances wherein, over the course of four hours, he witnesses hundreds of thousands of his past births and eons of world evolution, renewal, and disappearance. He then connects this fracturing of empirical and visionary time to the realm of space, considering the experience of a female Christian penitent, who stares devotedly at a tiny crucifix only to see the space around it expand to mirror Christ's suffering. Obeyesekere follows the unconscious motivations underlying rapture, the fantastical consumption of Christ's body and blood, and body mutilation and levitation, bridging medieval Catholicism and the movements of early modern thought as reflected in William Blake's artistic visions and poetic dreams. He develops the term 'dream-ego' through a discussion of visionary journeys, Carl Jung's and Sigmund Freud's scientific dreaming, and the cosmic and erotic dream-visions of New Age virtuosos, and he defines the parameters of a visionary mode of knowledge that provides a more elastic understanding of truth. A career-culminating work, this volume translates the epistemology of Hindu and Buddhist thinkers for western audiences while revitalizing western philosophical and scientific inquiry."--Jacket.
The living God and our living psyche : what Christians can learn from Carl Jung
Inside lives : psychoanalysis and the growth of the personality
Introductory lectures on psychoanalysis
Integral psychology : yoga, growth, and opening the heart
Jung and his mystics : in the end it all comes to nothing
C. G. Jung and the psychology of symbolic forms
Analytical psychology : Its theory and practice
The psychology of C. G. Jung : an introduction with illustrations
Imagine there's no woman : ethics and sublimation
The essential Jung
Projection, identification, projective identification
An introduction to meaning and purpose in analytical psychology
Holland's guide to psychoanalytic psychology and literature-and-psychology
Brainfluence : 100 ways to persuade and convince consumers with neuromarketing
The undiscovered self
Strategies for resolving individual and family problems
Science of mythology : essays on the myth of the divine child and the mysteries of Eleusis
Aspects of the feminine
Journal of analytical psychology
Psychoanalytic diagnosis : understanding personality structure in the clinical process
Wittgenstein : mind and language
A dangerous method
Killing Freud : twentieth-century culture and the death of psychoanalysis
Structures of subjectivity : explorations in psychoanalytic phenomenology and contextualism
Analytic group psychotherapy with children, adolescents and adults
Rule-following, response-dependence and realism
The difficulty of difference : psychoanalysis, sexual difference & film theory
Brainfluence : 100 ways to persuade and convince customers with neuromarketing
Self psychology and diagnostic assessment : identifying selfobject functions through psychological testing
Analytical psychology : contemporary perspectives in Jungian analysis
Psychoanalysis and cinema : the play of shadows
The collected works of C. G. Jung. 2, 2, Nietzsche's Zarathustra : notes of the seminar given in 1934-1939
"Neuromarketing studies the way the brain responds to various cognitive and sensory marketing stimuli. Analysts use this to measure a consumer's preference, what a customer reacts to, and why consumers make certain decisions. This scientific approach to marketing has helped many brands and companies determine how to best market their products to different demographics and consumer groups. Brainfluence explains how to practically apply neuroscience and behavior research to everyday marketing problems. This book is designed to be a practical guide with quick and easy takeaways offered in 60 short chapters, each containing one key strategy. The chapters are organized into major groups, mainly by application: in-person sales, Web marketing, print advertising, and many others. The book explains several key concepts, including: New insights into what makes people buy, Ways for brands to form emotional bonds with customers, Short, easy to digest ideas that can be accessed in any order, Techniques for all types of businesses, including small businesses and non-profits This book contains practical, easy-to-understand ways to improve marketing, advertising, and sales efforts"--
Jacques Lacan claimed that his theory of feminine sexuality, including the infamous proposition, "the Woman does not exist," constituted a revision of his earlier work on "the ethics of psychoanalysis." In Imagine There's No Woman, Joan Copjec shows how Freud's ragtag, nearly incoherent notion of sublimation was refashioned by Lacan to become the key term in his ethics. To trace the link between feminine being and Lacan's ethics of sublimation, Copjec argues, one must take the negative proposition about the woman's existence not as just another nominalist denunciation of thought's illusions about the existence of universals, but as recognition of the power of thought, which posits and gives birth to the difference of objects from themselves. While the relativist position currently dominant insists on the difference between my views and another's, Lacan insists on this difference within the object I see. The popular position fuels the disaffection with which we regard a world in a state of decomposition, whereas the Lacanian alternative urges our investment in a world that awaits our invention.
Healing arts : the history of art therapy
Analytical psychology in exile : the correspondence of C. G. Jung and Erich Neumann
Recovery of the lost good object
Psychology and the East
Beyond psyche : symbol and transcendence in C. G. Jung
Modern man in search of a soul
Personality functioning and psychotherapy outcome
The origins and history of consciousness. Volume II
Jung on synchronicity and the paranormal
A most dangerous method : the story of Jung, Freud, and Sabina Spielrein
Freud and his time : the influence of the master psychologist on the emotional problems in our lives
Draw me a picture : the meaning of children's drawings and play from the perspective of analytical psychology
Gender, countertransference, and the erotic transference : perspectives from analytical psychology and psychoanalysis
Aggression and destructiveness : psychoanalytic perspectives
The portable Jung
The symbolic quest : basic concepts of analytical psychology
Theories of personality
Dreams
How to read Freud
Attachment and loss. 3, Loss : sadness and depression
Developments in psycho-analysis
The awakened ones : phenomenology of visionary experience
Building on the features which have been successful characteristics of the previous editions, this revision will retain the same underlying focus and conceptual structure, but will be modified to reflect changes in the discipline as well as insights based on feedback from students and faculty using the text. The central concept of "Approaches to Psychology" is reflected in the title: that psychology is a complex discipline based on a variety of approaches to understanding human behaviour. The rationale for this structure has been, and remains, that examining the origins and central concepts of the major approaches is an effective way of presenting an introduction to the field."Approaches to Psychology" offers a compact introductory text which presents the content in a readable, understandable way, based on a structure which is both distinguishable from other texts and already 'field-tested'. The same basic structure will be retained in the new edition. Essentially, this means an initial introductory chapter, chapters devoted to each of the five major approaches, and chapters which provide a comparative analysis of how the approaches can be applied to the same central issues (development, social behaviour, and abnormal behaviour). In addition, there will be a summary chapter, as well as an appendix which examines research methods and statistical analysis.
The analysis of mind
The collected works of C. G. Jung. 2, 1, Nietzsche's Zarathustra : notes of the seminar given in 1934-1939
Personality theories : an introduction
The Cambridge companion to Jung
The political psyche
How does dialogical self theory appear in the light of cognitive analytic therapy? : two approaches to the self
Ring of power : symbols and themes love vs. power in Wagner's Ring circle and in us : a Jungian-feminist perspective
Dictionary of analytical psychology
Freud and American sociology
Movies and the modern psyche
Childhood re-imagined : images and narratives of development in analytical psychology
Mapping psychic reality : triangulation, communication, and insight
Attachment and loss. Vol. 2, Separation : anxiety and anger
Analytical psychology and German classical aesthetics : Goethe, Schiller, and Jung. Volume 2
The origins and history of consciousness
PsychoDarwinism : the new synthesis of Darwin & Freud
Approaches to psychology
On the nature of the psyche
