http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5866 orders of monks
orders of monks
The perfection of solitude : hermits and monks in the Crusader States
Art and observance in Renaissance Venice : the Dominicans and their artists (1391-ca. 1545)
New monks in old habits : the formation of the Caulite monastic order, 1193-1267
The gemini contenders
Bernard of Clairvaux : between cult and history
An illustrated history of the Knights Templar
The Cambridge companion to the Jesuits
Mount Athos : renewal in paradise
Ignatius of Loyola (1491-1556) obtained papal approval in 1540 for a new international religious order called the Society of Jesus. Until the mid-1700s the 'Jesuits' were active in many parts of Europe and far beyond. Gaining both friends and enemies in response to their work as teachers, scholars, writers, preachers, missionaries and spiritual directors, the Jesuits were formally suppressed by Pope Clement XIV in 1773 and restored by Pope Pius VII in 1814. The Society of Jesus then grew until the 1960s; it has more recently experienced declining membership in Europe and North America, but expansion in other parts of the world. This Companion examines the religious and cultural significance of the Jesuits. The first four sections treat the period prior to the Suppression, while section five examines the Suppression and some of the challenges and opportunities of the restored Society of Jesus up to the present.
The military orders. [Volume 1], Fighting for the faith and caring for the sick
Faith's boundaries : laity and clergy in early modern confraternities
The mystique of transmission : on an early Chan history and its contexts
Monastic spaces and their meanings : thirteenth-century English Cistercian monasteries
Revisiting Jarl Gallén's great book and the work of Finnish liturgist
Property rights in the medieval discussion on Franciscan poverty
The mendicant houses of medieval London, 1221-1539
Reform and division in the medieval Franciscan Order : from Saint Francis to the foundation of the Capuchins
Beyond the darkness : a biography of Bede Griffiths
Property rights in the late medieval discussion on Franciscan poverty
Encyclopedia of monasticism
Monasticism in North-Western Europe, 800-1200
Monasteries of Greece
First among abbots : the career of Abbo of Fleury
The spiritual Franciscans : from protest to persecution in the century after Saint Francis
An old Prussian grammar : the phonology and and morphology of the three catechisms
Going forth : visions of Buddhist vinaya : essays presented in honor of Professor Stanley Weinstein
The Cambridge companion to the Cistercian order
This final volume of Heads of Religious Houses: England and Wales takes the lists of monastic superiors from 1377 to the dissolution of the monastic houses ending in 1540 and so concludes a reference work covering six hundred years of monastic history. In addition to surviving monastic archives, record sources have also been provided by episcopal and papal registers, governmental archives, court records, private, family and estate collections. Full references are given for establishing the dates and outline of the career of each abbot or prior, abbess or prioress, when known. The lists are arranged by order: the Benedictine houses (independent; dependencies; and alien priories); the Cluniacs; the Grandmontines; the Cistercians; the Carthusians; the Augustinian canons; the Premonstratensians; the Gilbertine order; the Trinitarian houses; the Bonhommes; and the nuns. An introduction discusses the use and history of the lists and examines critically the sources on which they are based.
This volume presents the composite character of the Cistercian Order in its unity and diversity, detailing the white monks' history from the Middle Ages to the present day. It charts the geographical spread of the Order from Burgundy to the peripheries of medieval Europe, examining key topics such as convents, liturgy, art, agriculture, spiritual life and education, providing an insight into Bernard of Clairvaux's life, work and sense of self, as well as the lives of other key Cistercian figures. This Companion offers an accessible synthesis of contemporary scholarship on the Order's interaction with the extramural world and its participation in, and contribution to, the cultural, economical and political climate of medieval Europe and beyond. The discussion contributes to the history of religious orders, and will be useful to those studying the twelfth-century renaissance, the apostolic movement and the role of religious life in medieval society.
Preaching the crusades : mendicant friars and the cross in the thirteenth century
The Buddhist saints of the forest and the cult of amulets : a study in charisma, hagiography, sectarianism, and millennial Buddhism
The Benedictine tradition
In search of the Knights Templar : a guide to the sites in Britain
The heads of religious houses : England and Wales. 1, 940-1216
Cistercians, heresy and Crusade in Occitania, 1145-1229 : preaching in the Lord's vineyard
The mission of friar William of Rubruck : his journey to the court of the Great Khan Möngke 1253-1255
"Kansallisromantiikasta" Euroopan Unioniin : suomalaista dominikaanihistoriografiaa = From national romanticism to the European Union : trends in Dominican historiography in Finland
The other friars : the Carmelite, Augustinian, Sack and Pied friars in the Middle Ages
Templars, Hospitallers and Teutonic Knights : images of the military orders, 1128-1291
The heads of religious houses : England and Wales. 2, 1216-1377
Prolonged liminality : dilemmas of a young Theravãda monk : a case study of the biography and life situation of monk Ãnanda
A mendicant sermon collection from composition to reception : the Novum opus dominicale of John Waldeby, OESA
The friars : the impact of the early mendicant movement on Western society
Against the friars : antifraternalism in medieval France and England
This volume explores how the relationship between confraternities and the clergy negotiated the boundaries of religious space in the late medieval and early modern periods. Who owns the spaces of religion? Does the question matter, or even make sense? Modern distinctions between sacred and secular spheres tend to assume that clergy dominate the former, and lay people the latter. A man or woman living in the early modern period might not have been so sure. They would have thought more immediately of things of heaven and things of earth, and would have seen each as the concern of clergy and laity alike. Faith's boundaries, while real, were very porous. This collection offers the first sustained comparative examination of lay–clerical relations in confraternities through the late medieval and early modern periods. It shows how laity and clergy debated, accommodated, resolved, or deflected the key issues of gender, race, politics, class, and power. The sixteen essays are organized into six sections that consider different aspects of the function of confraternities as social spaces where laity and clergy met, mediated, and sometimes competed and fought. They cover a period historically when kinship was a dominant metaphor in religious life and when kinship groups like confraternities were dominant models in religious institutions. They deal with Catholic, Jewish, and Islamic confraternities, and range geographically from Europe to the Middle East, Central and South Asia, and Latin America.
Monastic iconography in France from the renaissance to the revolution
Warriors of God : the great religious orders and their founders
The Daoist monastic manual : a translation of the Fengdao keije
The name of the rose
Tales and truth : pilgrimage on Mount Athos : past and present
Abbo of Fleury was a prominent churchman of late tenth-century France - abbot of a major monastery, leader in the revival of learning in France and England, and the subject of a serious work of hagiography. This book presents a picture of this multifaceted man with an emphasis on his political alliances.
The military orders. Volume 2, Welfare and warfare
Liber usuum fratrum monasterii Vadstenensis = The customary of the Vadstena Brothers
Paradise within reach : monasticism and pilgrimage on Mt Athos
"And the rich man also died; and he was buried in hell" : the social ethos in mendicant sermons
Philosophy and theology in the studia of the religious orders and at papal and royalcourts : acts of the XVth International Colloquium of the Société internationale pour l'étude de la philosophie mediévale, University of Notre Dame, 8-10October 2008
The religious orders in England. [1]
The Prātimokṣa-sūtra of the Mahāsāṅghikās
The heads of religious houses : England and Wales. 3, 1377-1540
The Jesuits : a story of power
Encyclopedia of monasticism. 1, A-L
The templars : history & myth
The making of the Monastic Community of Fulda c.744 - c.900
Secrets of the Knights Templar : the hidden history of the world's most powerful order
