http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5861 mental work
mental work
Modernism, Ireland and civil war
Fitting the task to the human : a textbook of occupational ergonomics
Gendered power relations and mental violence in the health care
Mental Stress and Strain during Work and Leisure : a pilot study among marathon school participants
Explaining workplace bullying : a review of enabling, motivating and triggering factors in the work environment
Comprehensive rehabilitation of patients with myocardial infarction : a follow-up study with special reference emotional factors
Personnel security in reception work in Helsinki S-hotels : physical and mental violence
Assert yourself : how to find your voice and make your mark
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Achieving a triple win : human capital management of the employee lifecycle
Efficient, more efficient, exhausted : finding[s] of Finnish quality of work life surveys 1977-1997
Adult bullying : perpetrators and victims
Summary in Finnish.
Unemployment, re-employment and mental well-being : a panel survey of industrial jobseekers in Finland
Mental workload : research on computer-aided design work and on the implementation of office automation
Abstract.
Managing workplace stress
301 ways to have fun at work
The person behind the mask : a guide to performing arts psychology
Mental Well-being at Work : A Sign of a Healthy Organisation and a Necessary Precondition for Organisational Development
Article deals with foreign labour migration influence on both qualitative and quantitative human capital parameters. Three global challenges negatively affecting human capital in a recipient-country were found out: low-skilled migrants; contradictions in the present-day migration processes; non-application of competence-based approach towards foreign labour migrants. Authors elaborated a number of recommendations on migration policy for Russian authorities to overcome these disadvantages..
Employee well-being support : a workplace resource
Preventing mental illness : mental health in primary care
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
Human resources management
Strategic reward : how organizations add value through reward
The effect of the work environment on the health of nurses described by Nigerian nurses
Nepalese child labourers' life-contexts, cognitive skills and well-being
Burnout, bipolar or borreliosis? : a diagnostic dilemma behind prolonged disability
Sense of Coherence : structure, stability and health promoting role in working life
Psychological resources, their social antecedents, and association with well-being and health behaviour in early adulthood
Resource-oriented assessment of work ability in psychiatry
Social factors at work and the health of employees
The relationship of job and work involvement to occupational needs, locus of control and mental well-being
A great day at the office : 10 simple strategies for maximising your energy and getting the best out of yourself and your day
Intangible cultural heritage and intellectual property : communities, cultural diversity and sustainable development
Telework 2001 : report of the 8th European Assembly on New Ways to Work : 12.-14.9.2001 Finlandia Hall, Helsinki, Finland
Executive summary (s. 5-11).
On death and dying : what the dying have to teach doctors, nurses, clergy and their own families
Foreign labor migration and human capital development in Russia
Intellectual property in the information age : the politics of expanding ownership rights
Employees`experiences of mental well-being and work satisfaction in Leevikoti
The new middle classes and the labour process : class criteria revisited
Deep work : rules for focused success in a distracted world
Work, family and well-being : in five North- and East-European capitals
Work-related violence and its associations with psychological health : a study of Finnish police patrol officers and security guards
Tools of the mind : techniques and methods for intellectual work
Work-family interface and psychological well-being : a personality and longitudinal perspective
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Revisiting the buffers of job insecurity : investigating new buffering factors between perceived job insecurity and employee outcomes
Unemployment, subjective well-being and job-search : a comparison of Denmark and Finland
Intellectual teamwork : social and technological foundations of cooperative work
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Children, sprirituality, religion and social work
Working with the enemy : how to survive and thrive with really difficult people
Towards successful seniorityTM group method : participant's workbook
Mobilising human resources for innovation : proceedings from the OECD Workshop on Science and Technology Labour Markets, 17 May 1999
Mental well-being at work : a sign of a healthy organisation and a necessary precondition for organisational development
Surviving the workplace : a guide to emotional well-being
Exit capitalism : literary culture, theory and post-secular modernity
Survive bullying at work : how to stand up for yourself and take control
Economics of education
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Sense of coherence : structure, stability and health promoting role in working life
Summary.
Age-related changes of the work ability construct and its relations to cognitive functioning in the older worker : a 16-year follow-up study
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
Inappropriate treatment : instructions for preventing and dealing with harassment and inappropriate treatment at work
Education, human capital and economic growth : a survey of theories and empirical evidence with special reference to Finland
Sleep, work and mental health
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
General framework for long-term social impact evaluation of an employment strategy
Towards successful seniorityTM : from family leave to work : participant's workbook
'Deep work' is the ability to focus without distraction on a cognitively demanding task. Deep work will make you better at what you do, achieve more in less time and provide the sense of true fulfilment that comes from mastery of a skill. And yet most people have lost the ability to go deep - spending their days instead in a frantic blur of e-mail and social media, not even realising there's a better way. A mix of cultural criticism and actionable advice, Deep Work takes the reader on a journey through memorable stories - from Carl Jung building a stone tower in the woods to focus his mind, to a social media pioneer buying a round-trip to Tokyo to write a book free from distraction in the air - and surprising suggestions, such as the claim that most professionals should quit social media and that everyone should practise being bored. Deep Work will point the way to anyone seeking focused success in a distracted world.
Personality, well-being and job resources : from negative paradigm towards positive psychology
Is there a motherhood wage penalty in the Finnish private sector?
Employee, partner and mother : Woman's three roles and their implications for health
Motivate and reward : performance appraisal and incentive systems for business success
A Finland fit for children : the National Finnish Plan of Action called for the special session on children of the UN General Assembly
Organizational risk factors for job stress
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
The student's writing guide for the arts and social sciences
Ideas and cultural margins in early modern Germany : essays in honor of H. C. Erik Midelfort
Stalking the soul : emotional abuse and the erosion of identity
This thesis is a research on personnel security at reception work in Helsinki S-hotels. The focus is on physical and mental violence. The main aim of the thesis is to collect up-to-date information on the frequency of physical and mental violence incidents in the reception work in Helsinki.  In addition, the aim is to examine how well the management is aware of the reception level experiences and thoughts concerning security issues. The meaning for this thesis is to assist S-hotels in creation of safer work environment by giving information on personnel experiences and thoughts around security issues.  The theoretical part of the thesis is designed to give the reader current information on the issues related to security of personnel in reception work. The empirical part of the thesis is based on a questionnaire given to all receptionists of five S-hotels included in the study: Hotel Helsinki, Hotel Vaakuna, Hotel Klaus Kurki, Hotel Torni and Hotel Pasila. For added perspective, the management representatives of the five hotels filled the same questionnaire based on their belief on how the average receptionist in the hotel would answer. In addition, a small-scale interview was arranged with the hotel managers of the five hotels concerning the security related issues.
Inappropriate treatment at work : guidelines for preventing and dealing with harassment and inappropriate treatment in the workplace
Towards successful seniorityTM group method : trainer's manual
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Managing careers : theory and practice
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
A handbook for the study of mental health : social contexts, theories, and systems
The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between burnout and a number of work related factors among nurses working in a hospital care settings. To enhance the quality of nurses work life through the development of an infrastructure that supports, sustains healthful and productive, social and physical environments. Also to provide an environment that supports and fosters safety, well-being, and productivity of nurses. Data were categorized into themes during the analysis of the questionnaire. These data revealed that staff reported numerous negative effects of work stressors in their environment on clinical practice and their health. Negative effects on nurse`s health included- tiredness, stress, irritability, excessive workload, long term backache, reduced communication with patient and their relatives. This tremendously reduces the quality of care. Results showed that work environments associated with low levels of burnout were those in which workers had good support and feedback, job clarity, autonomy and low levels of complexity in their work, who had managers with a social leadership style and who had realistic expectations about their patients'' potential for healing. Furthermore, it was found that it was the mean work experience of nursing staff that was important in determining burnout. These findings should be of interest and concern to nursing management.
Happiness at work : maximizing your psychological capital for success
Drive : the surprising truth about what motivates us
Health resources, job characteristics and health
Counseling children and adolescents through grief and loss
