http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5870 psychoanalysis
psychoanalysis
Anti-Oedipus : capitalism and schizophrenia
Two short accounts of psycho-analysis : five lectures on psycho-analysis and the question of lay analysis
The Routledge handbook of psychoanalysis in the social sciences and humanities
Identities in transition : the growth and development of a multicultural therapist
Psyche and society : explorations in psychoanalytic sociology
Imagining characters
The collected works of C. G. Jung. Vol. 9, pt. 1, The archetypes and the collective unconscious
Clinical lectures on Klein and Bion
Psychoanalytic theory : an introduction
The ship of thought : essays on psychoanalysis and learning
New foundations for psychoanalysis
The standard edition of the complete psychological works of Sigmund Freud. Volume 18, (1920-1922)
Exploring therapeutic action in psychoanalytic psychotherapy : attachment to therapist and change
Doing psychoanalysis in Tehran
An autobiographical study
The collected works of C. G. Jung. Vol. 7, Two essays on analytical psychology
Couple dynamics : psychoanalytic perspectives in work with the individual, the couple, and the group
Who was Sabina Spielrein? She is probably best known for her notorious affair with Carl Jung, which was dramatized in the film A Dangerous Method, starring Keira Knightley. Yet her life story is much more compelling than just one famous relationship. Spielrein overcame family and psychological abuse to become a profoundly original thinker in her own right. Sex Versus Survival is the first biography to put her life and ideas at the center of the story and examine Spielrein's key role in the development of psychoanalysis. Drawing on fresh research into Spielrein's diaries, papers, and correspondence, John Launer shows how Spielrein's overlooked ideas--rejected by Freud and Jung but substantially vindicated by later developments in psychology and evolutionary biology--may represent the last and most important stage in the rediscovery of an extraordinary life.
The search for the self : selected writings of Heinz Kohut: 1978-1981. Vol. 3
Theory and practice of counselling and therapy
Five lectures on psycho-analysis
The history of psychoanalysis : new expanded edition
Psychoanalysis and the drama
On suicide : with particular reference to suicide among young students
Literature and psychoanalysis
Dream analysis. Part 1 : Notes of the seminar given in 1928-1930 by C. G. Jung
Observing organisations : anxiety, defence and culture in health care
Psychoanalysis in art history
Freud : a biographical introduction
Yesterday, today and tomorrow
The Seminar of Jacques Lacan : edited by Jacques-Alain Miller. Book 11, The four fundamental concepts of psychoanalysis
From the couch to the lab : trends in psychodynamic neuroscience
Sex changes : transformations in society and psychoanalysis
The culture of redemption
Sex versus survival : the life and ideas of Sabina Spielrein
Psychoanalysis, scientific method and philosophy
Wild desires and mistaken identitities : lesbianism and psychoanalysis
Taming wild thoughts
James Jackson Putnam and psychoanalysis : letters between Putnam and Sigmund Freud, Ernest Jones, William James, Sandor Ferenczi, and Morton Prince, 1877-1917
Searchlights on delinquency : new psychoanalytic studies
A thousand plateaus : capitalism & schizophrenia
The interpretation of murder
The good story : exchanges on truth, fiction and psychotherapy
Thoughts and things
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
An outline of psycho-analysis
My teaching
The cultural study of reception
Uncanny encounters : literature, psychoanalysis, and the end of alterity
Moses and monotheism
Theory and practice of group counseling
A framework for the imaginary : clinical explorations in primitive states of being
Learning from our mistakes : beyond dogma in psychoanalysis and psychotherapy
A case of hysteria : (Dora)
Play : psychoanalytic perspectives, survival and human development
Religion and the new psychology : a psycho-analytic study of religion
Interpreting dreams
A dangerous method
Working with difficult patients : from neurosis to psychosis
An outline of psychoanalysis
Ring of power : symbols and themes love vs. power in Wagner's Ring circle and in us : a Jungian-feminist perspective
Psychoanalysis and ethics
Civilization and its discontents
Hysteria from Freud to Lacan : body and language in psychoanalysis
The psychology of women : a psychoanalytic interpretation. Vol. 1
Schizophrenic disorders : theory and treatment from a psychodynamic point of view
Bettelheim : a life and a legacy
A layman's guide to psychiatry and psychoanalysis
Banished knowledge : facing childhood injuries
The Deleuze reader
Formations of fantasy
Basic psychoanalytic concepts on the theory of dreams
Cogitations
Psychoanalytic techniques : a handbook for the practicing psychoanalyst
Visual art and education in an era of designer capitalism : deconstructing the oral eye
Psychoanalysis today
Young man Luther : a study in psychoanalysis and history
The essential Loewald : collected papers and monographs
The collected works of C. G. Jung. Vol. 9, pt. 2, Aion : researches into the phenomenology of the self
Applied psychoanalysis : selected objectives of psychotherapy
Hypothesis and evidence in psychoanalysis
Group psychology and the analysis of the ego
Dream analysis : a practical handbook for psycho-analysts
The future of an illusion
The ability to mourn : disillusionment and the social origins of psychoanalysis
The widening scope of self psychology
Who owns psychoanalysis?
Psychoanalysis and existential philosophy
The analytic Freud : philosophy and psychoanalysis
On kissing, tickling and being bored : psychoanalytic essays on the unexamined life
Taking the group seriously : towards a post-Foulkesian group analytic theory
A general introduction to psycho-analysis
Psychoanalysis and the question of the text
A workbook of group-analytic interventions
Psychoanalysis as an art and a science : a symposium
Deleuze and desire : analysis of The logic of sense
Mastering counselling theory
Imagining otherwise : metapsychology and the analytic a posteriori
The limits of interpretation
Psychoanalysis in a new light
Merleau-Ponty : Entre esthétique et psychanalyse = Between aesthetics and psychoanalysis = Tra estetica e psicoanalisi
Sigmund Freud : the man and his theories
Remaking men : Jung, spirituality and social change ; David J. Tacey
Basic psychoanalytic concepts on metapsychology conflicts anxiety and other subjects
Beyond the pleasure principle
Modern psychoanalysis : new directions and perspectives
The ethics of psychoanalysis : the theory and method of autonomous psychotherapy
The life and work of Wilhelm Reich
The search for the self : selected writings of Heinz Kohut: 1978-1981. Vol. 4
Introducing Jung
Horror film and psychoanalysis : Freud's worst nightmare
Essays on ego psychology : selected problems in psychoanalytic theory
Cornelius Castoriadis : key concepts
Textbook of psychoanalysis
Home is where we start from : essays by a psychoanalyst
On the mysterious leap from the mind to the body : a workshop study on the theory of conversion
Key concepts in psychoanalysis
Introductory lectures on psychoanalysis
An elementary textbook of psychoanalysis
Analysis, repair and indivituation
Polish queer modernism
Sigmund Freud's mission : an analysis of his personality and influence
The Cambridge companion to Jung
The psycho-analytical approach to juvenile delinquency : theory : case-studies : treatment
A most dangerous method : the story of Jung, Freud, and Sabina Spielrein
The Wolf-Man by the Wolf-Man
Gretel and the dark
Introduction to psychoanalysis : Lectures for child analysts and teachers
Oedipus, philosopher
Stuff of sleep and dreams : experiments in literary psychology
Madness on the couch : blaming the victim in the heyday of psychoanalysis
Psychoanalysis, society, and the inner world : embedded meaning in politics and social conflict
Subject relations : unconscious experience and relational psychoanalysis
Zen Buddhism and psychoanalysis
Hidden conversitions : an introduction to communicative psychoanalysis
Écrits : a selection
Marilyn's last sessions : a novel
A new language for psychoanalysis
Self-analysis
Transformations
Writing and psychoanalysis : a reader
The death of psychoanalysis : murder? suicide? or rumor greatly exaggerated?
Working intersubjectively : contextualism in psychoanalytic practice
The four fundamental concepts of psycho-analysis
The dynamics of literary response
Music psychotherapy with refugee survivors of torture : interpretations of three clinical case studies
Psychoanalysis and behavior therapy : toward an integration
The crisis of psychoanalysis
The psychoanalysis of fire
Ego and body ego : contributions to their psychoanalytic psychology
The new psychoanalysis
Man and his symbols
Identities in Transition is a book of the growth and development of a multicultural therapist/analyst. Hailing from all around the world (Argentina, England, Egypt, India, Israel, Iran, Lebanon, New Zealand, Mexico, Nigeria, Puerto Rico, Poland) these therapists share their personal stories of a clinical mind at work. The factors that inform them are varied and diverse, shaped by their histories of immigration and professional training. Insightful and thought provoking, their explorations capture the struggles, the dilemmas and the skillful integration of various parts of themselves, that find.
On metapsychology : the theory of psychoanalysis. Sigmund Freud
The examined life : how we lose and find ourselves
Brief encounters with couples : some analytic perspectives
PSYCHOANALYTIC THEORY OF ART
Psychoanalysis and film
Marxism and psychoanalysis
Oedipus and beyond : a clinical theory
The interpretation of dreams : the illustrated edition
The status of women : violence, identity, and activism
Introduction to personality and intelligence
Psychology in minutes
Psychoanalytic politics : Freud's French revolution
"In this fully revised and updated second edition, Jonathan Lear clearly introduces and assesses all of Freud's thought, focusing on those areas of philosophy on which Freud is acknowledged to have had a lasting impact. These include the philosophy of mind, free will and determinism, rationality, the nature of the self and subjectivity, and ethics and religion. He also considers some of the deeper issues and problems Freud engaged with, brilliantly illustrating their philosophical significance: human sexuality, the unconscious, dreams, and the theory of transference. In this new edition Lear emphasizes the philosophical significance of Freud's fundamental rule - to say whatever comes to mind without censorship or inhibition. This binds psychoanalysis to the philosophical exploration of self-consciousness and truthfulness, as well as opening new paths of inquiry for moral psychology and ethics. One of the most important introductions and contributions to understanding this great thinker to have been published for many years, Freud, second edition will be essential reading for anyone in the humanities, social sciences and beyond with an interest in Freud or philosophy"--
Happiness, death, and the remainder of life
Labyrinths : Emma Jung, her marriage to Carl and the early years of psychoanalysis
A psychoanalyst in the classroom : on the human condition in education
A mind of her own : the life of Karen Horney
The artist's mind : a psychoanalytic perspective on creativity, modern art and modern artists
Sigmund Freud : life and work. Volume two, Years of maturity 1901-1919
Psychoanalysis : the major concepts
The ego and the id
Psychoanalysis and aesthetics
The chains of Eros : the sexual in psychoanalysis
The uncanny
Psycho-politics and cultural desires
On evil
Psychoanalysis and art : the aesthetic conflict
"The oral eye is a metaphor for the dominance of global designer capitalism. It refers to the consumerism of a designer aesthetic by the 'I' of the neoliberalist subject, as well as the aural soundscapes that accompany the hegemony of the capturing attention through screen cultures. An attempt is made to articulate the historical emergence of such a synoptic machinic regime drawing on Badiou, Bellmer, Deleuze, Guattari, Lacan, Rancir̈e, Virilio, Ziarek, and Zizek to explore contemporary art (post-Situationism) and visual cultural education. Jagodzinski develops the concept of an 'avant-garde without authority,' 'self-refleXion' and 'in(design)' to further the questions surrounding the posthuman as advanced by theorists such as Hansen, Stiegler and Ziarek's 'force' of art"--
Psychoanalytic quarterly
Cinema of anxiety : a psychoanalysis of Italian neorealism
Children in genocide : extreme traumatization and affect regulation
Freud and his time : the influence of the master psychologist on the emotional problems in our lives
Over her dead body : death, femininity and the aesthetic
The Wolf Man's magic world ; cryptonymy
Psychoanalytic-ism : uses of psychoanalysis in novels, poems, plays and film
Sybil : the true story of a woman possessed by sixteen separate personalities
Psychoanalysis and religion
Relational work in therapeutic interaction : a comparative conversation analytic study on psychoanalysis, cognitive psychotherapy and resource-centred counselling
Intentionality and the problem of the unconscious
A blue fire : selected writings
Elements of psycho-analysis
The Penguin Freud reader
Did somebody say ideology? : on Slavoj Žižek and consequences
The prisonhouse of psychoanalysis
Phantasy in everyday life : a psychoanalytical approach to understanding
The quest for Wilhelm Reich
Sigmund Freud : life and work. Volume one, The young Freud 1856-1900
Social linguistics and literacies : ideology in discourses
The search for the self : selected writings of Heinz Kohut : 1950-1978. Vol. 2
The private life : why we remain in the dark
Feminism and psychoanalysis
On balance / Adam Phillips
Motherhood in patriarchy : animosity toward mothers in politics and feminist theory - proposals for change
A critical dictionary of psychoanalysis
A child is being killed : on primary narcissism and the death drive
