http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p587 tree line
tree line
Growth limitation of trees and carbon balance of the vegetation in the treeline zone in north eastern Lapland
Research and management of the northern timberline region : proceedings of the Gustaf Sirén Symposium in Wilderness Center Inari, September 4.-5.1997
Abstract: The distribution, ecology, morphology and taxonomy of the three native conifers (Picea abies, Pinus sylvestris, Juniperus communis) are discussed, and the northern tree and forest lines of the spruce and the pine are mapped...
On the forest-tundra and the northern tree-lines: a preliminary synthesis
Landscape mosaic in the treeline ecotone on Mt Rodjanoaivi, Subarctic Finland
Central European Hercynian mountain ranges - Krkono&scaron;e Mts., Hrub&yacute; Jesen&iacute;k Mts. and Vosges, Schwarzwald, Harz - represent the only islands of alpine forest-free area between the Alps and Western Carpathians in the south and the Scandes in the north. Based on data from previously published pollen profiles and on newly taken cores, comparison of the development of the alpine timberline position is presented. The Labsk&yacute; dul profile in the Krkono&scaron;e Mts. spans the whole Holocene, the Keprn&iacute;k profile in the Hrub&yacute; Jesen&iacute;k Mts. brings information from ca 2500 BP to the present. The exceptional position of the Krkono&scaron;e Mts. in terms of permanent presence of alpine forest-free area throughout the Holocene was confirmed. In other mountain ranges, the alpine forest-free areas probably vanished or were restricted only to the exposed peaks during the periods of positive temperature anomalies in the Middle Holocene. Later in the period 4000-500 BP, forest free areas reappeared, although the relative contribution of climatic and anthropogenic causes to their formation remains unclear. Taking into account the supposed extent of temperature oscillations in the Middle and Late Holocene and the existing pollen records the authors assume that the alpine timberline in the Hercynian mid-mountains of Central Europe varied only slightly.
Both the northern (latitudinal) and the upper (altitudinal) timberlines are phytogeographic transitions between the forested boreal vegetation zone and treeless areas. These two timberlines, which intermingle in northern Fennoscandia, are mainly controlled by the cold climate, although other natural and anthropogenic factors are of noticeable importance at least locally. The roles of the various controlling factors are discussed in this article. The timberline and tree line in northern Finland are usually formed by the mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa), which extends further than the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) or the Norway spruce (Picea abies). The northern coniferous timberline in Finland follows approximately an isoline that represents an effective temperature sum of 600 degree days. Hazardous events also regulate the growth and occurrence of trees in addition to average conditions. Trees growing at the timberline have adapted themselves in many ways to the prevailing harsh circumstances. Pollen research and megafossil analyses (such as tree ring studies) show that the timberline has moved and its tree species composition has changed, primarily due to climatic fluctuations. This is one clear indication that the timberline is a dynamic 'combat zone'.
Determinants of Polylepis (Rosaceae) forest distribution and treeline formation in the high Andes
Climate change and human influence in the southern Bol ́šezemelśkaja tundra during the last 3000 years : a study of peat deposits by means of pollen and chemical analyses
An approach to predicting the potential forest composition and disturbance regime for a highly modified landscape : a pilot study of Strathdon in Scottish Highlands
The influence of changes in climate and land-use on regeneration dynamics of Norway spruce at the treeline in the Swiss Alps
Tree-limit landscape evolution at the southern fringe of the Swedish Scandes (Dalarna province) - Holocene and 20th century perspectives
Living at the timberline - the Sámi and the mountain birch forests in northernmost Europe
Environmental factors controlling the position of the actual timberline and treeline on the fells of Finnish Lapland
Change in the timberline ecotone in northern Finnish Lapland during the last thirty years
Spatial and temporal aspects of tree-limit altitudes in the Swedish Scandes
Vascular flora of Inari Lapland : 7. Brassicaceae-Grossulariaceae
The objective of our research was to find out if forest will invade the treeless areas in the present treeline ecotone in northern Finnish Lapland and which factors might impede forest advance. The field studies were carried out on Ailakkavaara near Kilpisjärvi, in the Pallastunturi area, and in northern Utsjoki(Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi-Staloskaidi, Jesnalvaara). In the Kilpisjärvi area and in northern Utsjoki only mountain birch is represented in the treeline ecotone, except for Jesnalvaara, where pine also occurs. In the Pallastunturi area, mountain birch, pine and spruce are represented in the treeline ecotone up to the treeline. In all study areas, a mosaic of widely scattered trees, tree groves and almost treeless subarctic dwarf shrub-lichen heath characterize the treeline ecotone. This mosaic is closely related to the locally varying topography and its influence on site conditions. In all the places, adverse physical and biological factors impede the forest from invading the present treeless areas within the treeline ecotone. Generally, seedlings are rare on top of wind-swept convex topography compared to better wind-protected snow-rich depressions such as little stream sides. Low or missing winter snow cover, ice particle abrasion, sand blast, and reindeer cause damage to seedlings and sparse young growth. Sandy till, typical of the ecotone on Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi and Staloskaidi (northern Utsjoki), is highly susceptible to wind erosion once the protecting plant cover has been destroyed. Thus, on the prevailing convex, wind-exposed topography, frequented by reindeer, the topsoil is eroded leaving the bare mineral soil exposed. Due to the sandy texture and lack of organic matter these sites drain rapidly. Drought and poor nutrient supply are most adverse to seedling establishment. In the other study areas (Ailakkavaara, Pallastunturi and also Jesnalvaara in northern Utsjoki) wind erosion is far less important. Seedlings are more frequent in wind-sheltered, snow-rich and moist shallow valleys and depressions. Altogether, our studies do not support the optimistic forecasts of a rapid advance of the forest to greater elevation. Even with warmer conditions the adverse effects of severe microclimate, drought and reindeer would override in spite of decades of slightly raised temperatures.
The objective of this paper is to differentiate the landscape in the treeline ecotone in Subarctic Finland with an examination of its mosaic structure and functional role in treeline dynamics. Highly varying topography is a key factor controlling drainage conditions, vegetation, local climates and soils. Natural drainage classes, soil data (pH, Corg, Nt, C/N ratio, moisture) and dominant vegetation were used to characterize site conditions and to show the grouping of six representative sites along a synthetic topographical transect (model). The abrupt increase in soil moisture and pH values at the distal end of the lowest zones indicates a relatively sharp and ecologically important limit between well drained sites (ridge tops, upper valley side, interfluves) and valleys with both poorly and very poorly drained sites. Remains of birch wood in wind-scarps, hummocks and peaty layers give evidence of former open birch forest in present treeless sites. Forest decline has enforced the contrasts in site conditions between windswept and snow accumulating topography. The landscape mosaic and resultant site conditions are strongly influencing treeline dynamics and consequently, the landscape mosaic needs to be carefully considered when discussing the possible effects of the changing climate in the treeline ecotone.
Expansion of subalpine forests and upslope shift of tree-lines are expected in temperate and boreal mountain ecosystems due to global climate change. On a local scale, climatic forces are modified by a number of controlling factors. Site history is of central interest because it impacts on the importance of air and soil temperature vs. other factors. In many mountain areas, the grazing record is an important part of the site history. This study compares the tree and ground cover of two localities having different grazing histories in the tree-line ecotone of Western Norway. Data from the sampling of trees, saplings, seedlings and ground cover, tree age determinations, aerial photographs, interviews and literature research are used. The results show differences in the structure of the tree-line ecotone with regard to tree age, height, circumference and the structure of the understory. Ground cover differs in species composition, mainly with regard to light preferences. Together, the differences stress the importance of site history consideration in order to understand changes in the tree-line ecotone, because dissimilar site histories may create differing local responses to future global and regional climatic changes.
Does slope exposure affect frost ring formation in Picea obovata growing at treeline in the Southern Urals?
Quantifying changes of the coniferous forest line in Finnish Lapland during 1983-2009
Tree-limit and climate evolution at the southern extremity of the Swedish Scandes have been reconstructed for the entire Holocene and for the past century. The main objective was to test the reproducibility of a similar study further north in the Swedish Scandes. The long-term history relies mainly on radiocarbondated megafossil tree remains preserved in peat and mineral soil. The more recent perspective was analysed from age distributions in the most marginal, extant tree populations. Pinus sylvestris (pine) immigrated to the study region already during the Late-Glacial, 10,500 14C yr BP, when it grew in the summit areas of fi rst deglaciated mountains. The pine tree-limit peaked ca. 9200 14C yr BP, followed by a 345 m gradual descent (summer cooling + land uplift) until about a century ago. Presence of tree species assemblages without modern analogs at high elevations during the early-Holocene, Pinus sylvestris (dominant), Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa, Picea abies, Larix sibirica, Quercus robur and Corylus avellana, strengthens the view of a warm and dry summer climate, although with a different seasonal distribution of incoming radiant energy than today. The longterm natural trend of tree-limit retreat and summer cooling was anomalously broken about a century ago. During the 20th century, the pine tree-limit has shifted 140 m uphill, in congruence with instrumentally recorded summer warming by ca. 1 &ordm;C. In a perspective of the entire Holocene tree-limit chronology, the modern tree-limit rise (and climate warming) is anomalous for the past 4000-7000 years. Except for tree-limit rise, recent warming has contributed to changes in the alpine plant cover, e.g. vanishing snow-bed communities, expansion of deciduous dwarf-shrubs, graminoids, and invasion of exotic and thermophilic plant species. Overall, this study has reproduced processes and patterns previously reported further north in the Scandes.
Spatial structure of alpine trees in Mountain Baima Xueshan on the southeast Tibetan Plateau
Mountain timberlines : Ecology, patchiness, and dynamics
Grazing history affects the tree-line ecotone: a case study from Hardanger, Western Norway
Northern sciences review 2005 : Northern Dimensions and Environments
English summary: The ancient boundaries of Mustila Village after purchase by Mr. Magnus Musda in 1481 and the Pelkhuo hill fort in Elimäki (For the 70th anniversary of Prof. Emer. Peter M. A. Tigerstedt).
The northern timberline and timberline forests in Fennoscandia
Willow-characterised shrub vegetation in tundra and its relation to abiotic, biotic and anthropogenic factors
Abstracts : prepared for Arctic Council Northern Timberline Forests Workshop
Northern tree line: The location of the tree line and its implications for humans
Critical levels for ozone in Europe: testing and finalizing the concepts : UN-ECE workshop report
Vascular flora of Inari Lapland. 2 : Pinaceae and Cupressaceae
Impacts of climate change on the tree line
Cross-border trade in Karelia from the middle ages to the October revolution 1917
Abstract.
Holocene timberline fluctuations in the mid-mountains of Central Europe
Holocene vegetation dynamics and climate changes in the Torneträsk area, northern Sweden
Mountain timberlines : ecology, patchiness and dynamics
Cone production by upper-slope conifers
Topographic complexity in mountainous ecosystems strongly influences plant growth and as such also wood formation. This wood formation can possibly be used to understand topographic variation of the main climatic drivers, e.g. by modulating frost events. Here we test the influence of different slope exposures on the spatio-temporal distribution of frost rings in Siberian spruce (Picea obovata Ledeb.) in the Southern Urals, Russia. We sampled on two opposite slopes, northeast (NE) and southwest (SW), on three elevation levels from the highest single trees to closed canopy forest and analysed frost ring occurrence and their seasonal timing. Frost ring formation at all exposure-elevation combinations was common and mainly concentrated in the early part of the growing season. The age until trees record frost rings was equally similar (until about 35 years) on both slopes and different elevational levels with the exception of the climatically harshest site, the highest elevation on the NE slope. While we could not deduce a direct, easily identifiable climatic driver for the formation of frost rings, our analysis shows high potential to disentangle the complex interplay between climate, site condition and tree growth in mountainous ecosystems..
Tree-limit landscape evolution at the southern fringe of the Swedish Scandes (Dalarna province) : holocene and 20th century perspectives
Towards a Nordic competition state? Politico-economic transformation of statehood in Finland, 1965-2005
Change and stability in the altitude of the birch tree-limit in the southern Swedish Scandes 1915-1975
Regeneration of trees in the treeline ecotone : northern Finnish Lapland
This study examines the impact of selected environmental variables on the position of the limit of continuous forest (actual timberline) on three fells situated in central Finnish Lapland, namely Aakenustunturi, Yllästunturi and Pyhätunturi. The factors studied are elevation, topography and snow load damage to coniferous trees. The potential for ascending timberlines in the region is discussed. The limit of continuous forest in the study area is hardly ever composed of a single species but rather features alternating occurrences of spruce, pine and mountain birch. The average altitudinal position of the actual timberline is highest on the southern and western slopes (366-428 m a.s.l.), while the lowest altitudes are recorded on the northern and eastern slopes (336-403 m a.s.l.). Prevalence of block fields and slope gradient are the most significant and visible factors controlling the position of the actual timberline. On the studied fells, from 10% to more than 50% of the total length of the actual timberline is controlled by block fields. The lowest occurrence of the limit of continuous forest, at 270 m a.s.l., results from an extremely high proportion of block fields and steep slopes. Snow patches and delayed snow melting also hamper the upward advancement of the forest. Continuous forest reaches its highest altitudes at 440 m a.s.l. on slopes with gentle inclination and land cover other than block fields, and 460 m a.s.l. in sheltered furrows. Average snow load damage to spruce and pine at the actual timberline varies in the ranges 15-58% and 30-76%, respectively. Snow load damages on trees undoubtedly impede the advance of the actual timberline to higher elevation in all exposures. Seedling density (number/ha) on south-facing slopes near the actual timberline is ca. 5 times greater than on the north-facing slopes. Recent regeneration and seedling establishment is almost absent at the treeline near the fell tops. Results suggest that there is potential for actual timberline advance on south-facing slopes with gentle inclination and missing block fields. It is uncertain, however, whether natural regeneration will take place on felltops with few or no trees.
Timberline : mountain and arctic forest frontiers
Seasonality of bacterioplankton in subarctic ponds above and below treeline
Box-nesting birds in timber-line forests at Kilpisjärvi, Finnish Lapland
The northern timberline forests : environmental and socio-economic issues and concerns
Establishment and height development of harvested and naturally regenerated Scots pine near the timberline in North-East Finnish Lapland
The influence of Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Geometridae) on the timber-line in subarctic conditions
Spatial distribution of dead wood and the occurrence of five saproxylic fungi in old-growth timberline spruce forests in northern Finland
Landscape boundaries : consequences for biotic diversity and ecological flows
Northern timberline forests : environmental and socio-economic issues and concerns = Severnaâ granica lesa : voprosy po okružaûšej crede i social'no-èkonomičeskie voprosy
Trees at their upper limit : treelife limitation at the Alpine timberline
Temperature sum as a restricting factor in the development of forest in Subarctic
Effect of vegetation on snow cover at the northern timberline : a case study in Finnish Lapland
Geographical ecology of northernmost Fennoscandia
Research and management of the northern timberline region : proceedings of the Gustav Sirén symposium in Wilderness Center Inari, September 4.-5.1997
Alpine treelines : functional ecology of the global high elevation tree limits
The development of industry and commerce in Russian Karelia from the late seventeenth to twenty-first century
Sustainable development in northern timberline forests
Trees in a changing environment : ecophysiology, adaptation, and future survival
What determines the timberline?
The role of edaphic factors in treeline location and response to climate change in the East European Russian Arctic
Feedback processes between climate, surface and vegetation at the northern climatological tree-line (Finnish Lapland)
Sustainable development in northern timberline forests : proceedings of the Timberline workshop, May 10-11, 1998 in Whitehorse, Canada
The impact of elevation, topography and snow load damage of trees on the position of the actual timberline on the fells in central Finnish Lapland
Abstract: Axe marks and traces of a bark beetle (Tomicus minor, Hart.).
The boreal timber- and tree-line forests grow in harsh environmental conditions in their outermost distribution limit. Here even small environmental changes may cause dramatic changes in the distribution of tree species. We examined changes of the forest lines of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) H. Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) in Finnish Lapland five times during 1983-2009. We monitored the number of stems and the volume of the growing stock in thirteen different locations in forest-line areas. The linear temporal trends and the variations of these response variables were used as indicators of a possible change during the study period. Spruce showed a significant increase both in the volume of the growing stock (up to 40% increase) and in the total stem number (up to 100% increase). A significant increase in the volume of the growing stock was observed in the pine data as well (up to 70% increase), whereas the stem number stagnated or even decreased. The results suggest that spruce needs favourable conditions to have an abundant regeneration, but after the establishment the seedlings seem to be more resistant against biotic and abiotic disturbances than pine seedlings. The increasing stand volume might result in a climate-related northward and upward extension of forests in the future. However, our results show that responses in the boreal forest line are species and location specific and a more favourable climate does not necessarily lead to an advance of the coniferous forest line..
