http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5876 peninsulas
peninsulas
The Balkan cookbook
This work analyzes the processes of nation-building in nineteenth and early-twentieth-century Southeastern Europe. A product of transnational comparative teamwork, this collection represents a coordinated interpretation based on ten varied academic cultures and traditions. The originality of the approach lies in a combination of three factors: seeing nation-building as a process that is to a large extent driven by intellectuals and writers, rather than just a side effect of infrastructural modernization processes; looking at the regional, cross-border ramifications of these processes (rather than in a rigid single-country-by-country perspective); and, looking at the autonomous role of intellectuals in these areas, rather than just seeing Southeastern Europe as an appendix to Europe-at-large, passively undergoing European influences.The essays explore the political instrumentalization of the concepts of folk, people and ethnos in Southeastern Europe in the 'long 19th century' by mapping the discursive and institutional itineraries through which this set of notions became a focal point of cultural and political thought in various national contexts; a process that coincided with the emergence of political modernity.
Balkan : 14 mittelschwere Stücke für Akkordeon M2 = 14 intermediate-level pieces for accordion
Bjarmaland (also Biarmaland, Biarmia, Byarmia, Bjarmia) and its inhabitants (Bjarmar, Beormas, Biarmar) are known to us through c. 30 medieval written sources, most of them written in Norse, a few in Latin and one in Anglo-Saxon. Majority of the texts were written during the 13th century, but the stories they relate may nevertheless be of earlier date. The Kings' Sagas in particular often refer to 10th century events. Oldest of the sources is the so-called Ohthere's account, a 9th century Anglo-Saxon text added to the OE Orosius translation. The rest of the sources are of Norse-Icelandic origin including a number of konungasögur, a few chronicles and íslendingasögur, some texts of geographical nature, a couple of þáttr, and a number of fornaldarsögur as well as six annals. Additionally Haralds saga gráfeldar contains a few skaldic verses.Written sources locate Bjarmaland to the White Sea. The words Terfinna land connect the location with the Kola Peninsula and the environs of the Varzuga River whereas the name Gandvík guides our interest towards the Kantalahti Bay of the White Sea. The name 'Vína' can be connected with either the Northern Dvina River or Viena Karelia. Written sources portray the Bjarmians as permanently settled group of Baltic Fennic speaking people that lived in the north of Europe since the Viking Age (first mentioned in writing in the 9th century) until the early Middle Ages (mid-13th century). Involvement in the international fur trade is implied and continuous contacts with Norwegians with both looting and trade as integral part of interaction are present in the descriptions. The Bjarmians cannot be connected ethnically with any existing group of people but must be considered as a group of their own. The origin of the specific ethnical identity most likely lies in economical interaction (trade with furs and possibly other items) with neighbouring areas. Since 12th-13th centuries new settlers moved to the northern areas and many political and economical changes occurred in Northern Fennoscandia and Russia, all of which would have contributed to a change that left the Bjarmians out of written sources.
Living wisdom of the Far North : tales and legends from Chukotka and Alaska
Homeland of emperors : Roman rulers from the territory of modern Serbia
Aerial pollution in Kola Peninsula : international workshop, April 14-16, 1992, St. Petersburg, Russia : proceedings
The image of Russia in the Balkans
Spatial and temporal patterns of greenness on the Yamal Peninsula, Russia : interactions of ecological and social factors affecting the Arctic normalized difference vegetation index
Ari Rusila's BalkanBlog : Balkans, The Middle East, EU and conflicts
Textiles from the Balkans
In the wake of the Balkan myth : questions of identity and modernity
World music : Balkan
Investigating the impact of Arabic medieval astrological and magical theories on early modern occult philosophy, this book argues that they provided a naturalistic explanation of astral influences and magical efficacy based on Aristotelian notions of causality.
Introduction to Peninsular Arabic
Region, regional identity and regionalism in Southeastern Europe
Balkan memories : media constructions of national and transnational history
We, the people : politics of national peculiarity in Southeastern Europe
Bryophyte flora of the Arabian Peninsula
Balkan ghosts : a journey through history
Language and identity in the Balkans : Serbo-Croatian and its disintegration
Arabia : a jorney through the labyrinth
Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro, Yug. Rep of Macedonia
Macedonia and Greece : the struggle to define a new Balkan nation
Alarms and excursions in Arabia
Writing the Yugoslav wars : literature, postmodernism, and the ethics of representation
The Balkans : from the end of Byzantium to the present day
Face of Arabia : thoughts and images of the Arabian Peninsula
Mineralogy and geochemistry of hydrothermal processes in the carbonatites and phoscorites of the Kovdor Massif, Kola Alkaline Province, NW Russia
The development and potentials of ecotourism on Balkan peninsula
Live is a miracle in Buenos Aires
Pronominal subjects in Peninsular Spanish and European Portuguese : semantics, pragmatics, and formulaic sequences
Jacob Fellman - the botanising priest
Tree flora of Malaya : a manual for foresters. Vol. 1
Environmental and biotic determinants of growth and height of arctic willow shrubs along a latitudinal gradient
The Balkans since the second World War
Heteroptera of Yemen and South Yemen
The highway of the three kings : Arabia - from South to North
Report of the International Commission to Inquire into the Causes and Conduct of the Balkan Wars
Who's who in the Arab world 2001-2002
The Europeanisation of citizenship governance in South-East Europe
Tree flora of Malaya : a manual for foresters. Vol. 3
Essays on the late prehistory of the Arabian Peninsula
Endgame in the Balkans : regime change, European style
Architecture in the Balkans from Diocletian to Süleyman the Magnificent
The Balkans
The melting pot : balkan food and cookery
Founded to bring stability and investment to the war-torn countries of South-East Europe, the Energy Community has developed into Europe's key instrument to secure energy supplies. Recent developments highlight the importance of this organisation and its ever-increasing future relevance.
Comparative syntax of Balkan languages
The Arabian peninsula
In search of Balkania
Reindeer-herders : field-notes from the Kola Peninsula (1994-95)
Vaccinium myrtillus L., Vaccinium uliginosum L. and Vaccinium vitis-idaea L. are perennial, cold-adapted clonal shrubs distributed throughout Europe, northern Asia and North America. Due to their usage in food (berries) and pharmaceutical industry (berries and leaves), their natural populations are exposed to anthropogenic and other impacts that affect their genetic make-up. We analyzed 14 fragmentary distributed and small-sized peripheral populations of these species from the Balkans, which represents the southeastern-European marginal area of their wide European distributions, using RAPD molecular markers. The contemporary genetic patterns in all three species within the Balkans were generally similar, and in comparison to previous reports on populations of these species found in northward Europe, where they have a more continuous distribution, the levels of genetic diversity were more or less halved, genetic differentiation was several times higher, gene flow exceptionally low, and the expected prevalence of clonal individuals was lacking. The population dynamics of all three species within the Balkans was complex and distinct, and was characterized by a past admixture of individuals from discrete populations of the same species and interspecific hybridisation not only between V. myrtillus and V. vitis-idaea but also between V. uliginosum and V. vitis-idaea, the latter not being reported to date. Conservation measures suitable for preservation of presumably genetically distinct portions of the Balkans' gene pools of studied species have been suggested, while the utility of interspecific hybrids in breeding programs and/ or in food/pharmaceutical industry is yet to be assessed..
Odyssey through Kamchatka
Tree flora of Malaya : a manual for foresters. Vol. 2
The Russian North : geographical and ecological studies on the Kola peninsula
Ethnicity, nationalism, geopolitics in the Balkans (1)
Balkan family structure and the European pattern : demographic developments in Ottoman Bulgaria
Archaeological discoveries in South Arabia
Disintegration in frames : aesthetics and ideology in the Yugoslav and post-Yugoslav cinema
Reconciliation?! : training handbook for dealing with the past
Essays on indigenous identity and rights
Migration in, from, and to Southeastern Europe. Part 2, Ways and strategies of migrating
Forty below : traditional life in the Arctic
The Uppsala manuscript of Muḥammed Hevā'ī Üskūfī Bosnevī's Maḳbūl-i ʻārif (1631) from a turcological perspective : transliteration, transcription, and an English translation
International nursing conference in polar twilight : people, environmental conditions and health in the arctic region, 3-5 December 1996, Lapland College of Health Care, Rovaniemi, Finland : proceedings
The Balkans in our time
Clitic doubling in the Balkan languages
The early medieval Balkans : a critical survey from the sixth to the late twelfth century
Images, self-images and the perception of the other : women travellers in the Malay Archipelago
Phylogeography of southern European refugia : evolutionary perspectives on the origins and conservation of European biodiversity
Arabia Felix : across the empty quarter of Arabia
The Murmansk region environmental pollution impact 1990-1995 : scale 1:1000000
The GCC States and the shifting balance of global power
Peace building and prevention of conflicts
Annotated List of the Corticiaceae, sensu lato (Aphyllophorales, Basidiomycotina), for peninsular Spain and Balearic Islands
Balkan home-life
The Balkans : national identities in a historical perspective
Arabia and the Arabs : from the Bronze Age to the coming of islam
Genetic patterns in range-edge populations of Vaccinium species from the central Balkans: implications on conservation prospects and sustainable usage
Handbook of Arabian medicinal plants
Kola arctic : photo album
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
Krasnaâ kniga Murmanskoj oblasti ; Red data book of the Murmansk Region
The Albanian Question : Reshaping the Balkans
Bourgeois culture and civil society in Southeast Europe : a contribution to the debate on modernization
The Balkans : from Constantinople to communism
Sail the seven seas with Sindbad! Become the new Scheherezade and match wits with a mad sultan! Find the fabulous treasures of Aladdin's cave of wonders! Seek love, honor, danger and glory! All await you in the golden age of fable!
A summary of chemical data from the EPORA project
Transitional justice and civil society in the Balkans
The other Balkan wars : a 1913 Carnegie Endowment inquiry in retrospect
The revival of Islam in the Balkans : from identity to religiosity
Blue eyed black boy
Tales of the Arabian nights
Iberia in prehistory
Illustrated manuscripts at St. Catherine's monastery on Mount Sinai
The Balkans since 1453
Audiovisual media and identity issues in Southeastern Europe
Aspects of the Balkans : continuity and change : contributions to the International Balkan Conference, held at UCLA, October 23-28, 1969
Petroglify Kanozera = Rock carvings of Kanozero
Ecoregional climate change and biodiversity decline. Issue 3, Kola ecoregion
Balcania : scientific articles in English
Hunting the tiger : the fast life and violent death of the Balkans' most dangerous man. Christopher S. Stewart
The Chukchee
Democracy by decree : prospects and limits of imposed consociational democracy in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Balkans 1804-1999 : nationalism, war and the great powers
Earthquake monitoring and seismic hazard mitigation in Balkan countries : [proceedings of the NATO Advanced Research Workshop on Earthquake Monitoring and Seismic Hazard Mitigation in Balkan Countries, Borovetz, Bulgaria, 11-18 September 2005]
The late medieval Balkans : a critical survey from the late twelfth century to the Ottoman conquest
Modeling dynamics of tundra plant communities on the Yamal Peninsula, Russia, in response to climate change and grazing pressure : focus on dynamics of Arctic and Sub-Arctic vegetation
Kol'skoe Zapolâr'e : [fotoal'bom] = Kola Arctic : photo album
Passionate pilgrims : English travelers to the world of the desert Arabs
Flora of the Aleutian Islands and westernmost Alaska Peninsula with notes on the flora of Commander Islands
Papers in Slavic, Baltic and Balkan studies
The Arabic influences on early modern occult philosophy
The green economy in the Gulf
The Energy Community : a new energy governance system
Culture and environments
Phylogeographic relationships between the mosses Exsertotheca intermedia from Macaronesian islands and Neckera baetica from southern glacial refugia of the Iberian Peninsula
Philips' map of Egypt and the Soudan, including the Valley of the Nile, the Red Sea, Abyssinia, Arabia, etc
List of publications in soil science agrochemistry and agriculture from Kola Peninsula, Russia
Balkan economic history, 1550-1950 : from imperial borderlands to developing nations
Integration vs. autonomy : civil-military relations on the Kola peninsula
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
Russia and the Balkans 1870-1880
Turkish cooking
Problems of Balkan security : Southeastern Europe in the 1990s
The nomads of the Balkans : an account of life and customs among the Vlachs of Northern Pindus
A history of the Balkans, 1804-1945
Floristic observations in western Kola Peninsula, NW Russia
Literacy and identity in pre-Islamic Arabia
Regional trade integration in South East Europe : benefits and challenges : proceedings of international conference
Cultural Problems That Expatriates From Balkan are Facing in Finland
Species richness and structure variations of Scots pine forest communities during the period from 5 to 210 years after fire
Stephanos archaeologicos : in honorem Professoris Ludmili Getov
Tough love : the European Union's relations with the Western Balkans
Balkan cultural legacies : historical, literary and fine arts perceptions
The new republic
The simple guide to customs and etiquette in Arabia and the Gulf States
The Balkans : a religious backyard of Europe
The tiger's wife : a novel
Amateur botanist Jacob Fellman (1793-1875), priest of northernmost Finland at Utsjoki in 1820-1831, was the first Finn to study the flora of northernmost East Fennoscandia. He did several long expeditions to Lapponia inarensis (Finland), to East Finnmark (Norway) and to the western Kola Peninsula region (Northwest Russia). His main publications include lists of the species of those areas, as well as their localities and frequencies (J. Fellman 1831, 1835). His memoirs (J. Fellman 1906a) also contain a great deal of plant information. Fellman was also interested in economic plants and phenological observations....
Tree flora of Malaya : a manual for foresters. Vol. 4
Reimagining museums : practice in the Arabian peninsula
Environment and living conditions on the Kola Peninsula
Great powers and the Balkans during the Second World War (1941-1944)
The contribution of Federal and non-Federal habitat to persistence of the northern spotted owl on the Olympic Peninsula, Washington : report of the reanalysis team
Balkan Encounters : old and new identities in South-Eastern Europe
Good food from the Balkans
Crisis management as a civilisatory project : NATO's experience in the Balkans
Ethnic cleansing in the Balkans : nationalism and the destruction of tradition
Mother Linda's Bulgarian rhapsody : the best of Balkan cuisine
Postfire recovery of forest litter in Scots pine forests in two different regions of boreal zone
The Balkan prism : a retrospective by policy-makers and analysts
Southeast European (post)modernities. Part 1, Changing practices and patterns of social life
Energy security and environment in the Western Balkans
Data report of the 2007 and 2008 Yamal expeditions : Nadym, Laborovaya, Vaskiny, Dachi, and Kharasavey
The Palgrave concise historical atlas of the Balkans
The Balkan Wars, 1912-1913 : prelude to the First World War
