http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5888 sick persons
sick persons
The older adult psychotherapy treatment planner
Deviance and mental illness
Child development and social policy : the life and work of Jack Tizard
WHO resource book on mental health, human rights and legislation : stop exclusion, dare to care
Recovering bodies : illness, disability, and life writing
Developmental psychopathology. Volume 1, Theory and methods
Homicide crime scene : behaviors in a Finnish sample of mentally ill offenders
Moonglow : a novel
The burden of sympathy : how families cope with mental illness
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
The Faber book of madness
The discovery of the art of the insane
Mental health law in context : doctors' orders?
A sociology of the mentally disordered offender
Law and psychiatry : rethinking and relationship
Stray toasters
The Homesman
Collaboration in care : design of a mobile health platform to support care management of cystic fibrosis
The great universe of Kota : stress, change and mental disorder in an Indian village
Managing mental health care in the community : chaos and containment
Psychological skill training : the structured learning technique
Development of a tool for patients to describe the phenomenon of suffering
Discharge procedures for mentally ill people : the perspective of former psychiatric patients on their social network, quality of life and future life expectations
Court-ordered insanity : interpretive practice and involuntary commitment
Quality of life in child and adolescent illness : concepts, methods and findings
Counselling carers : supporting relatives of confused elderly people living at home
Music for mentally handicapped people
Prediction of working disability in schizophrenia : a 5-year prospective study of a representative cohort of first-admissions
Lay perspectives : "lay" and "expert" health knowledge : from hierarchy to equality
Out of shadows : confronting America's mental illness crisis
Manic by midnight
Recovery from illness
Building a Church for strangers
Summary (s. 3-9).
Avoid meeting Typhoid Mary!
Family work for schizophrenia : a practical guide
The moment she left
Madness, in our culture, is defined by visibility. From the popular press to TV soaps and films, the depiction of madness always borders on the extreme: violent outbursts, fits, hallucinations. But what if madness is not exactly what we think it to be? What if it is the rule rather than the exception? And what if its defining features are not visible and dramatic but, on the contrary, highly discreet, shared by average citizens who will never come to psychiatric attention? What if, in other words, there is a difference between being mad and going mad? Beginning and ending with the case of Harold Shipman - a mass-murderer so apparently 'normal' that some of his patients said they would still be treated by him even after his conviction - psychoanalyst Darian Leader explores the idea of discreet madness, and argues that it is only through revising our concept of what madness is that we will have the tools to help those who have gone mad to rebuild their lives.
Restructuring personality disorders : a short-term dynamic approach
Devotion
HIV/AIDS epidemic, human rights and global justice
Summary (s. 2-12).
Readings in law and psychiatry
The madness of kings : personal trauma and the fate of nations
Final record of the Diplomatic Conference of Geneva of 1949.
Crime and insanity in England. 1, The historical perspective
Homebound teaching : a handbook for educators
Mental illness and psychology
Quality of life among disability pensioners with musculoskeletal disorders : studies in a geographically defined population in Sweden
Clinical characterization of patients with prodromal Alzheimer's disease at memory clinic and in clinical trials
Getting into the system
Offenders, deviants or patients?
An unquiet mind : a memoir of moods and madness
Assessing the violence risk of psychiatric patients
Key principles for good practice in mental health care
Summary. - Résumé. - Resumen.
Occupational therapy with borderline patients
The experience of living with sick building syndrome
Leprosy and charity in medieval Rouen
Medical art therapy with children
Supporting college and university students with invisible disabilities : a guide for faculty and staff working with students with autism, AD/HD, language processing disorders, anxiety, and mental illness
Autonomy and social policy : rights, mental handicap and community care
Between the twelfth and fifteenth centuries, Rouen was one of the greatest cities in western Europe. The effective capital of the "Angevin Empire" between 1154 and 1204 and thereafter a leading city in the realm of the Capetian kings of France, it experienced substantial growth, the emergence of communal government, and the ravages of plague and the Hundred Years' War. This book examines the impact of leprosy upon Rouen during this period, and the key role played by charity in the society and religious culture of the city and its hinterland. Based upon extensive archival research, it offers a new understanding of responses to disease and disability in medieval Europe. It charts how attitudes towards lepers, and perceptions of their disease, changed over time, explores the relationship between leprosy, charity and practices of piety, and considers how leprosy featured in growing concerns about public health. It also sheds important new light on medical practice and practitioners in medieval France.
The mad among us : a history of the care of America's mentally ill
In the name of Jesus! : healing in the age of HIV
The invention of hysteria : Charcot and the photographic iconography of the Salpêtrière
Cura vitae : illness and the healing of life in pastoral care and counselling : a guide for caregivers
Mental health policy, plans and programmes : (updated version)
Nursing as therapy
Slow dancing with a stranger : lost and found in the age of Alzheimer's
The price of greatness : resolving the creativity and madness controversy
Innovative care for chronic conditions : building blocks for action
Psychiatric disability in the community : surveying the social landscape in the post-deinstitutional era
Managing life with a memory disorder:the mutual processes of those with memory disorders and their family caregivers following a diagnosis
The exceptional child in the regular classroom : an educator's guide
The race
The myth of mental illness : foundations of a theory of personal conduct
Principles and practice of psychiatric nursing
Person-centered care for mental illness : the evolution of adherence and self-determination
Fountain House : portraits of lives reclaimed from mental illness
A piece of the world : A Novel
Good days, bad days : the self in chronic illness and time
Sick building syndrome : in public buildings and workplace
Being mortal : illness, medicine and what matters in the end
The service of the anointing of the sick
The homesman
Managing the contradictions : recovery from severe mental disorders
What is madness?
Measuring cost and quality of life in radiotherapy treatments
Women take care : gender, race and the culture of AIDS
Violent offenders : appraising and managing risk
History of madness
Social research yields knowledge which powerfully affects our daily lives. The 'facts' it generates shape not just how we see ourselves and others, but also whether or not we see the existing status quo as normal, just and legitimate. This book examines and questions the methods used by social researchers to produce such knowledge. It focuses chiefly on research into human sexuality and madness. It introduces and critically assesses everything from survey methods to participant observation. It opens up broader philosophical debates about the nature of knowledge, and highlights issues surrounding the ethics and politics of research.
Media and mental distress
Person centred planning and care management with people with learning disabilities
The wasp factory
Dangerous and severe personality disorder : response and role of the psychiatric team
In an age of global threats to human health - including, most devastatingly, HIV and AIDS - it is time for Christians to ask: What is the role of faith in healing? This volume, forged in Africans' experience with HIV, searches for a new and positive Christian perspective on healing, rooted in biblical traditions, yet informed by contemporary medicine and pastoral care. Tensions created by faith healing practices, the spread of anti-retroviral therapy, the healing traditions of African indigenous religions, the advent of a new generation facing HIV, and the variety of Christian approaches to sickness and health - all come into consideration as theologians, pastors, historians of religion, and others address the most existentially pressing issue for the church in Africa. An invaluable guide to the situation and possibilities in African Christians' battle against HIV, In the Name of Jesus! is also a profound encounter with the wellsprings of Christian relevance to the human future.
Mental health law : major issues
Amy and Matthew
Methods, sex and madness
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
Exceptional persons in society
Being mortal : medicine and what matters in the end
Patient encounters : the experience of disease
Aspects of illness
Jack and the flumflum tree
Mental health of immigrants in Sweden : a comparison of immigrant and native mental health care recipients in Sweden and in one country of origin, Finland
Girl, interrupted
Self/less
Law and mental health : international perspectives. Vol. 2
When I forgot
Cruel compassion : psychiatric control of society's unwanted
International nursing students' professional skills relating to assessing and supporting seriously ill clients in their emotional transitions
Functional limitations and quality of life in schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders
Stories of sickness
Madness and social representations
Automatism, insanity, and the psychology of criminal responsibility : a philosophical inquiry
This timely book provides a reflective analysis of person centred planning for people with learning disabilities, complementing policy initiatives that focus on individualised planning and service user involvement. Drawing on practical experience and research findings, the contributors explore policy and practice issues, including: advocacy and empowerment; risk management and adult protection; inter-agency and inter-professional working; ethnicity and culture; de-institutionalisation. Vivid case studies illustrate best practice in person centred planning, and the authors offer a rich variety.
Mind-forg'd manacles : a history of madness in England from the Restoration to the Regency
Drama for mentally handicapped children
Meeting the English
Developmental psychopathology. Volume 2, Risk, disorder and adaptation
Before Freud : neurasthenia and the American medical community, 1870-1910
Emotions, Somatization and Psychiatric Symptoms among the Akan
Special education : a sociological study of California programs
Exploring early years education and care
Suicide and agency : anthropological perspectives on self-destruction, personhood and power
The Pool Activity Level (PAL) Instrument for Occupational Profiling : A Practical Resource for Carers of People with Cognitive Impairment
Mental health in your school : a guide for teachers and others working in schools
Families of the mentally ill : coping and adaptation
The caregiver's tale : loss and renewal in memoirs of family life
Living with mental illness : a book for relatives and friends
The body silent
In sickness and in power : illness in heads of government during the last 100 years
Law and psychiatry in the Canadian context : cases, notes and materials
Forbidden narratives : critical autobiography as social science
Characteristics, course and outcome in first-episode psychosis : a cross-cultural comparison of Finnish and Spanish patient groups
Kesterly-on-Sea is full of secrets. Some are darker than others; many are shameful. One is even deadly. Andee is an ex-detective whose marriage is breaking up. So when a young female student disappears without trace, she throws herself into the search. Meanwhile, the town's beloved Rowzee Cayne has just discovered that she is terminally ill, and doesn't want to burden her family and friends with the news. Andee and Rowzee don't know it yet, but their journeys are going to help them uncover a secret. One that is going to affect them more than they could ever imagine.
Grace Williams says it loud
Media madness : public images of mental illness
Psychiatric rehabilitation
Insanity on trial
The divided self : an existential study in sanity and madness
A critical review of selected time use surveys
Howling at the moon
Prozac nation : young & depressed in America : a memoir
Today I'm Alice : nine personalities, one tortured mind
Mental illness : prejudice, discrimination and the law
Handbook of the sociology of mental health
