http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5884 game husbandry (preservation of game)
game husbandry (preservation of game)
Karhun kannoilla = In the footsteps of the bear
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Demographic and life history consequences of harvest in a Swedish moose population
Adaptive management of renewable resources
Strategy for the sustainable use of renewable natural resources in Finland
Wildlife conservation in managed woodlands and forests
Studies on Fennoscandian populations of bean goose (Anser fabalis), greylag goose (Anser anser) and lesser white-fronted goose (Anser erythropus)
Evolution of the population level with special reference to game animals and practical game management
Management of some terrestrial mammals in the Northwest Territories for sustained yields
Guidelines for wildlife management in northern regions : priority project of the Northern Forum establishment of guidelines for wildlife management
XI Nordic Congress on Game Research, 5-9 September 1988, Espoo, Finland : abstracts
Diagnosing Wild Species Harvest bridges gaps of knowledge fragmented among scientific disciplines as it addresses this multifaceted phenomenon that is simultaneously global and local. The authors emphasize the interwoven nature of issues specific to the ecological, economic, and socio-cultural realms of wild species harvest. The book presents the diagnosing wild species harvest procedure as a universal approach that integrates seven thematic perspectives to harvest systems: resource dynamics, costs and benefits, management, governance, knowledge, spatiality, and legacies. When analyzed, these themes help to build a holistic understanding of this globally important phenomenon. Scholars, professionals and students in various fields related to natural resources will find the book a valuable resource. Wild species form important resources for people worldwide, and their harvest is a major driver of ecosystem change. Tropical forests regions, including Amazonia, are among those parts of the world where wild species are particularly important for people's livelihoods and larger economies. This book draws on tangible experiences from Amazonia, presented in lively narratives intermingling scientific information with stories of the people engaged in harvest and management of wild species.
Wildlife ecology, conservation, and management
Gamebird releasing
Wildlife ecology and management
Summary.
Diagnosing wild species harvest : resource use and conservation
Management of wildlife richness in Finnish forests : interplay between game-related actors and actions
Game research in Finland
Recreational hunting, conservation, and rural livelihoods : science and practice / edited by Barney Dickson, Jon Hutton, and William M. Adams
The wolves of Mount McKinley
English summaries.
Anatidae 2000 : an international conference on the conservation, habitat management and wise use of ducks, geese and swans = Anatidae 2000 : une conférence internationale sur la conservation, la gestion des habitats et l'utilisation rationelle des canards, des oies et des cygnes. Tome 2
Research and management techniques for wildlife and habitats
Moose hunting in Finland - management of a heavily harvested population
International evaluation of the Finnish Game and Fisheries Research Institute : report of the evaluation group
Factors affecting the moose population in Sweden during the 20th century with special attention to silviculture
Meždunarodna naučna konferenciǎ, Sofiâ, 1-5 oktomvri 2003 g. : 75 godini Institut za gorata pri BAN : sbornik naučni dokladi = International scientific conference, Sofia, 1-5 October 2003 : 75 years of the Forest Research Institute of Bulgarian Academy of Sciences : proceedings
The fifth International symposium on society and resource management : creating research, education, and management partnerships among natural resource professionals June 7-10, 1994 Charles A. Lory Student Center Colorado State University Fort Collins, CO : book of abstracts
Mule deer response to low-volume partial cutting on winter ranges in central interior British Columbia
Monitoring wildlife richness : Finnish applications based on wildlife triangle censuses
Guidelines for landscape ecological planning
Moose hunting in Finland : management of a heavily harvested population
Techniques for wildlife habitat management of wetlands
Migrations and management of the Jackson elk herd
Agriculture and forestry in Sweden since 1900 : a cartographic description
Are forests the answer? : proceedings of the 1990 Society of American Foresters National Convention Washington, DC July 29-August 1.
Gamebird rearing
Finnish forestry practice and management
Ecology and management of gamebirds
Finnish game research
Ecology and management of European hare populations
Ecology and management of the North American moose
An ecological framework for monitoring sustainable management of wildlife : a New Mexico furbearer example
How many deer? : a field guide to estimating deer population size
The role of game management on wildlife populations : uncertainty analysis of expert knowledge
Management of bear, wolf, wolverine and lynx in Finland : report of the Working Group for Large Terrestrial Carnivores
Game harvest management : a proceedings of the Third International Symposium of the Caesar Kleberg Wildlife Research Institute, College of Agriculture, Texas A&I University, Kingsville Texas, October 3-6, 1983
The 19th IUGB congress : transactions
Probability of recent bark stripping damage by red deer (Cervus elaphus) on Norway spruce (Picea abies) in a low mountain range in Germany : a preliminary analysis
Agriculture and forestry in Sweden since 1900 : geographical and historical studies
Emphasizes the interwoven nature of issues specific to the ecological, economic, and socio-cultural realms of wild species harvest. This book presents the diagnosing wild species harvest procedure as a universal approach that integrates seven thematic perspectives to harvest systems: resource dynamics, costs and benefits, and management.
Migratory shore and upland game bird management in North America
The wildlife techniques manual
Evaluating the sustainable use of wildlife in thePacaya-Samiria National Reserve, Peru
Mountain goat/forest management relationships : a review
European ungulates and their management in the 21st century
Grazing and conservation management
The benefits of managing forests for grouse habitats: a contingent valuation experiment
Finnish game and hunting
Grazing animals enjoy an ambiguous reputation in the field of nature conservation. Livestock are often treated as a scourge, yet native large herbivores form the prime attraction of many a reserve. This book gives the first comprehensive overview of the use of grazing as a tool in conservation management. Considering in turn the ecological and historical background, the impact of grazing on community structure, management applications and future prospects, this book examines issues such as the role of herbivores as keystone species, the assessment of habitat quality and the function of scientific models in advancing grazing management. Large herbivores are shown to be potentially powerful allies in the management of nature reserves, particularly in the maintenance, enhancement or restoration of biodiversity. Grazing and Conservation Management will appeal to conservation biologists and rangeland managers, providing them with a clearer understanding of grazing and conservation management.
Voles and their trophic interactions in a changing landscape
Abstract (s. 5).
Game on the farm : a digest of game management
Wildlife management in Europe outside the Soviet Union
Inuit, polar bears, and sustainable use : local, national and international perspectives
Journal of wildlife management
The use of renewable natural resources in Finland
Converting cut-away peatlands for game management purposes
Lagomorph biology : evolution, ecology, and conservation
Europe's natural and cultural heritage : the european estate
National atlas of Sweden. Agriculture and forestry in Sweden since 1900 : a cartographic description
Environmental guidelines to practical forest management
