http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5886 hematologic diseases
hematologic diseases
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Dementia-related Structural Brain Changes on MRI: : A 30-year follow-up study
Type A behavior pattern revisited long-term follow-up from the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease study
Clinical haematology
Hematology in clinical practice : a guide to diagnosis and management
Problem solving in haematology
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Type A behavior pattern revisited : long-term follow-up from the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease study
Markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in metabolic syndrome and erectile dysfunction : arterial elasticity, oxidized LDL, fibrinogen and resting heart rate
Abstract.
Gene therapy and atherosclerosis : experimental studies with secreted macrophage scavenge receptor and platelet activating factor acetylhydrolase
Veterinary comparative hematopathology
Palliative care and end of life care
Handbook of transfusion medicine
Allogeneic bone marrow transplantation in Chédiak-Higashi syndrome : short communication
The morphology of human blood cells : in wright stained smears of peripheral blood and bone marrow
Fine particles in urban air : exposure and cardiovascular health effects
Cardiovascular risk factors and adrenal function in 12-year-old children born small for gestational age or after a preeclamptic pregnancy
Hippocampal lesions in aged populations : neuropathological and epidemiological studies
The microRNAs in the blood vessel endothelial cells
Essentials in hematology and clinical pathology
Liver insulin resistance and hyperglycemia : genetic determinants and association with cardiovascular risk factors
The antichlamydial effects of drugs used in cardiovascular diseases
Early life stress and later health : ‡b cardiovascular disease and general health among former war evacuees
Lecture notes on haematology
Relationship of physical activity, unacylated ghrelin and gene variation with changes in cardiovascular risk factors during military service
Physical activity, cardiovascular risk factors and mortality
Severe sepsis in neutropenic haematological patients
Genetic background of HDL-cholesterol and atherosclerosis:linkage and case-control studies in the Northern Finnish population
Sleep disorders and associated factors in 56-73 year-old urban adults in Northern Finland
Clinical hematology : theory and procedures
Cerebrospinal fluid and plasma biomarkers in the differential diagnosis of neurodegenerative diseases
Pediatric hematology/oncology secrets
Ankle-brachial index, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and endothelial function in a cardiovascular risk population
Microscopic haematology : a practical guide for the laboratory
Preterm birth and risk factors for chronic disease : Helsinki study of very low birth weight adults
Wintrobe's clinical hematology
Haematology : an illustrated colour text
Haematology : picture tests
Exercise testing in the prediction of cardiovascular diseases and mortality : a prospective population study in men
Alopecia : its prevalence and association with cardiovascular diseases, risk factors and quality of life : cross-sectional population-based studies
Cooley's anemia : eighth symposium
Haemophilia : a study of its laboratory clinical, genetic and social aspects based on known haemophiliacs in Finland
Allogeneic bone marrow transplantation in children : single institution experience from 1974 to 1992.
Practical microscopic hematology : a manual for the clinical laboratory and clinical practice
Harrison's hematology and oncology
Williams manual of hematology
Atlas of tumor pathology. 8, Tumors of the hematopoietic system
Acute mountain sickness : prediction and treatment during climbing expeditions
Clinical laboratory hematology
Left atrial appendage volume in acute stroke
Heart and blood circulatory problems
Quality of life and its determinants among allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation patients and the Finnish population
Hematology in clinical practice
Hematology for the medical student
Changes in atherosclerosis risk factors induced by hormone replacement therapy or ethanol consumption
Statin adherence and its effect on cost-effectiveness in the prevention of cardiovascular events
Reemphasis on leukocyte transfusions : induction of myeloid marrow recovery in critically ill neutropenic children with cancer
Laboratory urinalysis and hematology for the small animal practitioner
Circulating N-terminal fragments of A- and B-type natriuretic peptides : molecular heterogeneity, measurement and clinical application
Cartilage-hair hypoplasia
Clinical hematology : principles, procedures, correlations
Determinants and predictive value of markers of glycemia and dyslipidemia for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease
Anderson's atlas of hematology
Effects of heavy alcohol intake on lipoproteins, adiponectin and cardiovascular risk
The big fat surprise : why meat, butter, and cheese belong in a healthy diet
Changes in the flat bones of the skull in blood disorders, especially anemia, of childhood
Complement factor H dysfunction in atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome
Atlas of mouse hematopathology : T. N. Fredrickson, A. W. Harris
Hematology : clinical principles and applications
Effects of ellagitannin rich berries on blood lipid profiles, gut microbiota and metabolism of phenolic compounds in metabolic syndrome
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome and changes in body composition, physical fitness and cardiovascular risk factors during military service
Exercise stress test in stroke risk prediction
Molecular abnormalities of chromosome 7 in myeloid disorders
Neurohumoral response and pathophysiologic changes during progression of mitral regurgitation in the Cavalier King Charles spaniel
Atlas of hematology
Safety of VEGF gene therapy in cardiovascular diseases
The tie receptor tyrosine kinase is expressed by human hematopoietic progenitor cells and by a subset of megakaryocytic cells
Late mortality and cardiovascular morbidity after cancer at a young age in Finland
Veterinary hematology and clinical chemistry
Cardiovascular disease among professional drivers and subway staff in Stockholm
Genetic and life course determinants of cardiovascular risk factors:structural equation modelling of complex relations
Cardiovascular health and fitness after childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia
Vascular endothelial growth factor D : biology and function in transgenic and knockdown mice
Manual of pediatric hematology and oncology
Sedentary time and the associations with 10-year cardiovascular disease risk and type 2 diabetes in midlife : FIN-D2D study
Supporting families of children with sickle cell disease
Lineage-specific chromosome analysis of hematopoietic cells
Laboratory hematology practice
Causes and consequences of blood parasite infections in birds
Tracking of cardiovascular risk factors from childhood to adulthood and their predictive value for adult outcome
Clinical hematology and fundamentals of hemostasis
Hematology : basic principles and practice
Molecular basis of coagulation factor XIII deficiency
Hematology : a combined theoretical and technical approach
Adverse events among older people associated with use of drugs with anticholinergic properties
Hematology and Coagulation : a comprehensive review for board preparation, certification and clinical practice
Nursing care plans : nursing diagnosis and intervention
Cardiological studies in mice : special emphasis on gene therapy, imaging and ECG findings
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Atlas of clinical hematology
Hemophilia A : molecular studies in Finnish families
Williams Hematology
Childhood determinants of later health
The blood system is multi-scale, from the organism to the organs to cells to intracellular signaling pathways to macromolecule interactions. Blood consists of circulating cells, cellular fragments (platelets and microparticles), and plasma macromolecules. Blood cells and their fragments result from a highly-ordered process, hematopoiesis. Definitive hematopoiesis occurs in the bone marrow, where pluripotential stem cells give rise to multiple lineages of highly specialized cells. Highly-productive and continuously regenerative, hematopoiesis requires a microenvironment of mesenchymal cells and blood vessels. A Systems Biology Approach to Blood is divided into three main sections: basic components, physiological processes, and clinical applications. Using blood as a window, one can study health and disease through this unique tool box with reactive biological fluids that mirrors the prevailing hemodynamics of the vessel walls and the various blood cell types. Many blood diseases, rare and common can and have been exploited using systems biology approaches with successful results and therefore ideal models for systems medicine. More importantly, hematopoiesis offers one of the best studied systems with insight into stem cell biology, cellular interaction, development; linage programing and reprograming that are every day influenced by the most mature and understood regulatory networks.
Clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors, liver enzymes and PNPLA3 polymorphism with special reference to children
Practical strategies in pediatric diagnosis and therapy
Analyzing change in medication use : statistical approaches
Magnesium and cardiovascular disease
Oxford handbook of clinical haematology
Clinical hematology atlas
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
Summary.
Abstract. - Sammanfattning.
Immunohematology : principles and practice
Preterm birth and cardiometabolic risk factors in adolescence and early adulthood
Infectious blood diseases of man and animals : diseases caused by protista. Vol 1, Special topics and general characteristics
Megakaryocyte progenitors in myeloproliferative disorders and myelodysplastic syndromes
Homocysteine, folate and cardiovascular diseases
PREVENTION AS A MODEL OF HEALTH PROMOTION OF KIDNEY FAILURE IN COLLABORATION WITH THE NEPHROLOGY DEPARTMENTS AT HELSINKI UNIVERSITY CENTRAL HOSPITAL, KOLMIO SAIRAALA WARD 6B
Wintrobe's clinical hematology. Vol. 1-2
Wintrobe's clinical hematology. Vol.2
Defective in-vitro colony formation of haematopoietic progenitors in patients with cartilage-hair hypoplasia and history of anaemia
Manual of canine and feline haematology and transfusion medicine
Bethesda handbook of clinical hematology
Androgen secretion and cardiovascular risk factors in women with and without PCOS:studies on age-related changes and medical intervention
The effect of blood glucose on the vasculature in young patients with type 1 diabetes
Manual of clinical hematology
Plerixafor in autologous stem cell transplantation
Fungal colonization and invasive fungal infections in patients with a hematological malignancy
Healthy lifestyle in the prevention of heart disease and diabetes : A literature review
Cardiovascular risk factors in mild obstructive sleep apnea? : the outcome of lifestyle intervention with weight reduction
Effects of proatherogenic and probiotic bacteria on mast cells and inflammation
Blood and its disorders
This handbook continues to provide the core knowledge needed in clinical practice for the diagnosis and management of patients with disorders of the blood. Major advances in the specialty have been reflected in this thoroughly revised new edition. Differential diagnoses, relevant investigations and management guidelines are covered.
Haem arginate in myelodysplastic syndromes and hereditary sideroblastic anaemias
Haematology at a glance
"With the 13th edition of "Wintrobe's Clinical Hematology", Dr. Greer brings forth another text that bridges the gap between the clinical practice of hematology and the basic foundations of science. Revised to include a greater emphasis placed on biology and pathophysiology, this book offers the reader a clear understanding of the relationship between basic molecular biology and every aspect of the clinical practice of hematology. Coupled with this comprehensive overview, Dr. Greer presents a clear focus on clinical diagnosis and treatment of disease. Dr. Greer has added 7 entirely new chapters that are concisely reduced and dived in order to present more focused material. Additionally, the text provides a special section dedicated to transplantation, international editors, and over 1,400 full-color illustrations. This latest edition is an excellent resource for anyone studying Hemotology, Oncology, Internal Medicine, or Pathology. Features: 30% of the chapters have additional or new contributors, greater emphasis on molecular genetics and pathophysiology, increased number of hematopathology illustrations, diagrams, figures, standard and electron micrographs, algorithms, schemas, and protocols--all in color, 4-color halftones and 2-color computer generated illustrations spread throughout the book to reinforce understanding and application of method. The last three new chapters are entirely dedicated to Transplantation"--Provided by publisher.
Abstract: Nurses's professional skills : what kind of professional skills are required from nurses on children's hematology and cancer ward in Kuopio University hospital?.
The blood doctor
Genetic homogeneity of cartilage-hair hypoplasia
The role of low birth weight and resistin in metabolic syndrome
Infectious blood diseases of man and animals : diseases caused by protista. Vol 2, The pathogens, the infections and the consequences
Blood and bone marrow pathology
A Systems biology approach to blood
Fusion and atherogenic properties of enzymatically modified low density lipoprotein particles
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
The effects of transgenic melanocortin overexpression in athlerosclerotic mice
Physical exercise in clinically healthy men and in patients with angiographically documented coronary artery disease with special reference to cardiac autonomic control and warm-up phenomenon
Studies of the genetic epidemiology of cardiovascular disease : focus on inflammatory candidate genes
Cardiovascular health from childhood to adulthood : with special reference to early vascular changes : The Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study
Hematology case review
The function of vascular endothelial growth factor-B in the heart
Endocrine and skeletal effects of treatment of hematological malignancies
Wintrobe's clinical hematology. Vol. 2
Williams hematology
Early prenatal diagnosis of cartilage-hair hypoplasia (CHH) with polymorphic DNA markers
Wintrobe's clinical hematology. Vol. 1
Blood : physiology and pathophysiology
Integrated management of childhood illness : Bulletin of the World Health Organization, Vol 75,1/1997, Supplement 1.
