http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p588 timber line
timber line
Feedback processes between climate, surface and vegetation at the northern climatological tree-line (Finnish Lapland)
Impacts of climate change on the tree line
Restrictions on forest management close to the timberline in North America
Restrictions of forest management close to the timberline in Norway
Thinning response and growth trends of seeded Scots pine stands at the arctic timberline
Living at the timberline - the Sámi and the mountain birch forests in northernmost Europe
Past pollen production reconstructed from needle production in Pinus sylvestris at the northern timberline : a tool for evaluating palaeoclimate reconstructions
Isolated occurences of spruce, Picea abies, in northernmost Fennoscandia in relation to the enigma of continental mountain birch forests
Environmental factors controlling the position of the actual timberline and treeline on the fells of Finnish Lapland
Mapping the spatial distribution of geomorphological processes in the Okstindan area of northern Norway, using Geomorphic Process Units as derived from remote sensing and ground survey
The northern timberline and timberline forests in Fennoscandia
Postglacial trends in palynological richness in the northern Fennoscandian tree-line area and their ecological interpretation
Surface sediment Chironomidae (Insecta: Diptera) distributions along an ecotonal transect in subarctic Fennoscandia: developing a tool for palaeotemperature reconstructions
Timberline patterns in northernmost Fennoscandia : relative importance of climate and grazing
Tree-limit landscape evolution at the southern fringe of the Swedish Scandes (Dalarna province) - Holocene and 20th century perspectives
The objective of our research was to find out if forest will invade the treeless areas in the present treeline ecotone in northern Finnish Lapland and which factors might impede forest advance. The field studies were carried out on Ailakkavaara near Kilpisjärvi, in the Pallastunturi area, and in northern Utsjoki(Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi-Staloskaidi, Jesnalvaara). In the Kilpisjärvi area and in northern Utsjoki only mountain birch is represented in the treeline ecotone, except for Jesnalvaara, where pine also occurs. In the Pallastunturi area, mountain birch, pine and spruce are represented in the treeline ecotone up to the treeline. In all study areas, a mosaic of widely scattered trees, tree groves and almost treeless subarctic dwarf shrub-lichen heath characterize the treeline ecotone. This mosaic is closely related to the locally varying topography and its influence on site conditions. In all the places, adverse physical and biological factors impede the forest from invading the present treeless areas within the treeline ecotone. Generally, seedlings are rare on top of wind-swept convex topography compared to better wind-protected snow-rich depressions such as little stream sides. Low or missing winter snow cover, ice particle abrasion, sand blast, and reindeer cause damage to seedlings and sparse young growth. Sandy till, typical of the ecotone on Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi and Staloskaidi (northern Utsjoki), is highly susceptible to wind erosion once the protecting plant cover has been destroyed. Thus, on the prevailing convex, wind-exposed topography, frequented by reindeer, the topsoil is eroded leaving the bare mineral soil exposed. Due to the sandy texture and lack of organic matter these sites drain rapidly. Drought and poor nutrient supply are most adverse to seedling establishment. In the other study areas (Ailakkavaara, Pallastunturi and also Jesnalvaara in northern Utsjoki) wind erosion is far less important. Seedlings are more frequent in wind-sheltered, snow-rich and moist shallow valleys and depressions. Altogether, our studies do not support the optimistic forecasts of a rapid advance of the forest to greater elevation. Even with warmer conditions the adverse effects of severe microclimate, drought and reindeer would override in spite of decades of slightly raised temperatures.
The influence of Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Geometridae) on the timber-line in subarctic conditions
The northern timberline forests : environmental and socio-economic issues and concerns
Tree-ring and megafossil evidence on climatic fluctuations in Northern Fennoscandia
Mountain timberlines : ecology, patchiness and dynamics
Reforestation experiments at the pine timberline in northernmost Finland
Temperature sum as a restricting factor in the development of forest in Subarctic
Transborder governance of forests, rivers, and seas
Northern tree line: The location of the tree line and its implications for humans
Determinants of Polylepis (Rosaceae) forest distribution and treeline formation in the high Andes
Russian forest industry and its threats to timberline forests
On the forest-tundra and the northern tree-lines: a preliminary synthesis
Applications of remote sensing and geographic information systems in vegetation science
Abstract: The distribution, ecology, morphology and taxonomy of the three native conifers (Picea abies, Pinus sylvestris, Juniperus communis) are discussed, and the northern tree and forest lines of the spruce and the pine are mapped...
Introduction : the timberline - a changing battlefront
This study examines the impact of selected environmental variables on the position of the limit of continuous forest (actual timberline) on three fells situated in central Finnish Lapland, namely Aakenustunturi, Yllästunturi and Pyhätunturi. The factors studied are elevation, topography and snow load damage to coniferous trees. The potential for ascending timberlines in the region is discussed. The limit of continuous forest in the study area is hardly ever composed of a single species but rather features alternating occurrences of spruce, pine and mountain birch. The average altitudinal position of the actual timberline is highest on the southern and western slopes (366-428 m a.s.l.), while the lowest altitudes are recorded on the northern and eastern slopes (336-403 m a.s.l.). Prevalence of block fields and slope gradient are the most significant and visible factors controlling the position of the actual timberline. On the studied fells, from 10% to more than 50% of the total length of the actual timberline is controlled by block fields. The lowest occurrence of the limit of continuous forest, at 270 m a.s.l., results from an extremely high proportion of block fields and steep slopes. Snow patches and delayed snow melting also hamper the upward advancement of the forest. Continuous forest reaches its highest altitudes at 440 m a.s.l. on slopes with gentle inclination and land cover other than block fields, and 460 m a.s.l. in sheltered furrows. Average snow load damage to spruce and pine at the actual timberline varies in the ranges 15-58% and 30-76%, respectively. Snow load damages on trees undoubtedly impede the advance of the actual timberline to higher elevation in all exposures. Seedling density (number/ha) on south-facing slopes near the actual timberline is ca. 5 times greater than on the north-facing slopes. Recent regeneration and seedling establishment is almost absent at the treeline near the fell tops. Results suggest that there is potential for actual timberline advance on south-facing slopes with gentle inclination and missing block fields. It is uncertain, however, whether natural regeneration will take place on felltops with few or no trees.
Global warming and regional tree-ring growth response in the Kola peninsula, north-west Russia
Sustainable development in northern timberline forests
Northern timberline forests : environmental and socio-economic issues and concerns = Severnaâ granica lesa : voprosy po okružaûšej crede i social'no-èkonomičeskie voprosy
Enchanted by nature : getting acquainted with the border area nature
Sustainable development in northern timberline forests : proceedings of the Timberline workshop, May 10-11, 1998 in Whitehorse, Canada
Seed production of Scots pine close to timberline in Finland
Restrictions on forest management close to timber line in Finland
The resilience of understorey vegetation and soil to increasing nitrogen and disturbances in boreal forests and the subarctic ecosystem
Landscape boundaries : consequences for biotic diversity and ecological flows
A 2,305 year tree-ring reconstruction of mean June-July temperature deviations in the Yamal Peninsula
Northern natures : a study of the forest question emerging within the timber-line conflict in Finland
Experiences of forest genetics under timberline conditions
Marking of the forest reserve boundaries in the East Usambara mountains
The spatial structure of the timberline landscape and its relation to climate and permafrost in the Usa basin, nw Russia
Problems of land use at the northern climatic border of forest
Catchment forest management in the East Usambara mountains
Monitoring timberline dynamics at the Kevo subarctic research institute in northern Finland
Aeolian landforms and processes in the timberline region of northern Finnish Lapland
Structure and dynamics of natural conifer forests near the upper forest limit
Climate change and its warming effects on vegetation and soils are a widely recognized phenomenon. In addition to warming, the understorey vegetation in northern environments has been subjected to several environmental changes, such as increasing nitrogen (N) and other disturbances. This thesis examines the effects of N-fertilization and disturbances on the vegetation biomass and abundance, plant community composition and plant, soil and microbial N and C pools. Seedling establishment of the most common dwarf shrubs (deciduous Vaccinium myrtillus, evergreens V. vitis-idaea and Empetrum nigrum ssp. hermaphroditum) was investigated after artificial disturbance treatments (vegetation and soil removal). These studies were conducted in the boreal and subarctic ecosystems and in the forest-tundra ecotone in northern Finland. N-fertilization and disturbances enhanced the amount of graminoids in plant communities, and the recovery ability of graminoids was enhanced after N-fertilization, which homogenized the vegetation and resulted in a new stable state in the plant community. The recovery ability of evergreen dwarf shrubs was low after disturbances. Disturbances created habitats for seed germination, but the seedling establishment of dwarf shrubs studied was still limited by seed availability. N-fertilization had no effect on microbial biomass. Instead, microbial biomass decreased with disturbance treatment in the boreal forest. However, the concentration of N increased in above-ground vegetation, both after N-fertilization and disturbance without any indication of N immobilization, suggesting that plant species captured the available N effectively for their recovery. The study shows that the likely outcome of N enrichment, when combined with disturbances, is the enhanced growth of graminoids. The seedling establishment does not compensate for the reduction of the vegetativerecovery of evergreen dwarf shrubs, which makes evergreen dwarf shrubs sensitive to environmental changes. As the understorey is more resilient to perturbations in the boreal forest than in the subarctic ecosystem, these results emphasize the sensitivity of the vegetation to simultaneous environmental changes in the northernmost ecosystems. Moreover, microbial properties are more resilient to environmental changes than is above-ground vegetation.
Environment and human life in Nordic countries : proceedings of a symposium of the IGU Study Group on Development in Highlands and High-latitude Zones held in Oulu and Lapland, 1-6 June, 1987
Holocene timberline fluctuations in the mid-mountains of Central Europe
Human impact on the timberline in the far north of Europe
Vegetation map of northernmost Finland with special reference to subarctic forest limits and natural hazards
Cone production by upper-slope conifers
Regeneration of trees in the treeline ecotone : northern Finnish Lapland
The boreal timber- and tree-line forests grow in harsh environmental conditions in their outermost distribution limit. Here even small environmental changes may cause dramatic changes in the distribution of tree species. We examined changes of the forest lines of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) H. Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) in Finnish Lapland five times during 1983-2009. We monitored the number of stems and the volume of the growing stock in thirteen different locations in forest-line areas. The linear temporal trends and the variations of these response variables were used as indicators of a possible change during the study period. Spruce showed a significant increase both in the volume of the growing stock (up to 40% increase) and in the total stem number (up to 100% increase). A significant increase in the volume of the growing stock was observed in the pine data as well (up to 70% increase), whereas the stem number stagnated or even decreased. The results suggest that spruce needs favourable conditions to have an abundant regeneration, but after the establishment the seedlings seem to be more resistant against biotic and abiotic disturbances than pine seedlings. The increasing stand volume might result in a climate-related northward and upward extension of forests in the future. However, our results show that responses in the boreal forest line are species and location specific and a more favourable climate does not necessarily lead to an advance of the coniferous forest line..
Environmental aspects of the timberline in Finland and in the Polish Carpathians
The icon curtain : the Cold War's quiet border
Spatial variation of climate and the impact of disturbances on local climate and forest recovery in northern Finland
Tree-limit and climate evolution at the southern extremity of the Swedish Scandes have been reconstructed for the entire Holocene and for the past century. The main objective was to test the reproducibility of a similar study further north in the Swedish Scandes. The long-term history relies mainly on radiocarbondated megafossil tree remains preserved in peat and mineral soil. The more recent perspective was analysed from age distributions in the most marginal, extant tree populations. Pinus sylvestris (pine) immigrated to the study region already during the Late-Glacial, 10,500 14C yr BP, when it grew in the summit areas of fi rst deglaciated mountains. The pine tree-limit peaked ca. 9200 14C yr BP, followed by a 345 m gradual descent (summer cooling + land uplift) until about a century ago. Presence of tree species assemblages without modern analogs at high elevations during the early-Holocene, Pinus sylvestris (dominant), Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa, Picea abies, Larix sibirica, Quercus robur and Corylus avellana, strengthens the view of a warm and dry summer climate, although with a different seasonal distribution of incoming radiant energy than today. The longterm natural trend of tree-limit retreat and summer cooling was anomalously broken about a century ago. During the 20th century, the pine tree-limit has shifted 140 m uphill, in congruence with instrumentally recorded summer warming by ca. 1 &ordm;C. In a perspective of the entire Holocene tree-limit chronology, the modern tree-limit rise (and climate warming) is anomalous for the past 4000-7000 years. Except for tree-limit rise, recent warming has contributed to changes in the alpine plant cover, e.g. vanishing snow-bed communities, expansion of deciduous dwarf-shrubs, graminoids, and invasion of exotic and thermophilic plant species. Overall, this study has reproduced processes and patterns previously reported further north in the Scandes.
Introduction: the timberline - a changing battlefront
Trees at their upper limit : treelife limitation at the Alpine timberline
Spatial distribution of dead wood and the occurrence of five saproxylic fungi in old-growth timberline spruce forests in northern Finland
The northern forest border in Canada and Alaska : biotic communities and ecological relationships
Recommendations on environmental and socioeconomic issues and concerns in Northern timberline forests
Dendroclimatological study of Larix gmelinii at the forest border in the lower Kolyma river region, northeastern Siberia
Central European Hercynian mountain ranges - Krkono&scaron;e Mts., Hrub&yacute; Jesen&iacute;k Mts. and Vosges, Schwarzwald, Harz - represent the only islands of alpine forest-free area between the Alps and Western Carpathians in the south and the Scandes in the north. Based on data from previously published pollen profiles and on newly taken cores, comparison of the development of the alpine timberline position is presented. The Labsk&yacute; dul profile in the Krkono&scaron;e Mts. spans the whole Holocene, the Keprn&iacute;k profile in the Hrub&yacute; Jesen&iacute;k Mts. brings information from ca 2500 BP to the present. The exceptional position of the Krkono&scaron;e Mts. in terms of permanent presence of alpine forest-free area throughout the Holocene was confirmed. In other mountain ranges, the alpine forest-free areas probably vanished or were restricted only to the exposed peaks during the periods of positive temperature anomalies in the Middle Holocene. Later in the period 4000-500 BP, forest free areas reappeared, although the relative contribution of climatic and anthropogenic causes to their formation remains unclear. Taking into account the supposed extent of temperature oscillations in the Middle and Late Holocene and the existing pollen records the authors assume that the alpine timberline in the Hercynian mid-mountains of Central Europe varied only slightly.
Holocene changes in treelines and climate from Ural Mountains to Finnish Lapland
Reconstruction of climate and the upper timberline dynamics since AD 745 by tree-ring data in the Polar Ural Mountains
Northern silviculture and management : [IUFRO Working Party S1.05-12 Northern Forest Silviculture and Management, Symposium in Lapland, Finland, August 16-22, 1987]
The impact of elevation, topography and snow load damage of trees on the position of the actual timberline on the fells in central Finnish Lapland
Reconstructions of past climate from ring-width measurements of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) at the northern forest limit in Fennoscandia
Cross-border structures and co-operation on the Finnish-Russian and German-Czech borders : a comparative perspective
Sustainable development of the lesotundra zone in Russia: Problems and opportunities
Spatial structure of alpine trees in Mountain Baima Xueshan on the southeast Tibetan Plateau
Research and management of the northern timberline region : proceedings of the Gustav Sirén symposium in Wilderness Center Inari, September 4.-5.1997
Pollen accumulation in lake sediments
Northern natures : a study of forest question emerging within the timber-line conflict in Finland
Mountain timberlines : Ecology, patchiness, and dynamics
Treeline in relation to climate, with special reference to oceanic areas
Research and management of the northern timberline region : proceedings of the Gustaf Sirén Symposium in Wilderness Center Inari, September 4.-5.1997
The Holocene history of birch in northeastern Fennoscandia : an interpretation based on fossil birch pollen measurements
Vascular flora of Inari Lapland. 2 : Pinaceae and Cupressaceae
Natural regeneration of Scots pine and Norway spruce close to the timberline in northern Finland
Borders matter : transboundary regions in contemporary Europe
Forest research in areas close to the timberline in Sweden
[Abstract].
The forests and forest research in Finnish Lapland
Establishment and height development of harvested and naturally regenerated Scots pine near the timberline in North-East Finnish Lapland
Ecology of the northern continental forest border
Quantifying changes of the coniferous forest line in Finnish Lapland during 1983-2009
Introduction to micrometeorology
Timberline : mountain and arctic forest frontiers
Nature and dynamics of forest-savanna boundaries
Biodiversity in golf courses and its contribution to the diversity of open green spaces in an urban setting
Fennoscandian tree-line conference: introduction
Impact of prehistoric and medieval man on the vegetation: man at the forest limit : report of the meeting held in Ravello, December 9. and 10.1989, PACT network, Palaeoecology
The influence of changes in climate and land-use on regeneration dynamics of Norway spruce at the treeline in the Swiss Alps
