http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5899 sexual instinct
sexual instinct sex drive
Not even a hint
Boys be : second season. Vol. 14
Boys be : second season. Vol. 11
In an original and stimulating analysis of gender and AIDS, Tamsin Wilton assesses safer sex health promotion and health education discourse and considers their unintended consequences for the cultural construction of gender and sexuality. Taking a queer/feminist constructionist position, she links issues of power, gender, sexuality, and nationalism in an attempt to offer a sound theoretical foundation for an effective and radical HIV/AIDS health promotion strategy. EnGendering AIDS draws on safer sex materials from the USA, UK, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and Scandinavia and sets current practice against the historical context of VD/STD education, dissecting the role played by STDs in the cultural construction of gender. Wilton debates the meanings that erotic minorities read into bodies and desires, and how these have been transformed by AIDS, and suggests a new model of pornography that disengages the sexually explicit and/or erotically arousing from gendered power relations. EnGendering AIDS suggests a radically innovative approach to the development of effective safer sex promotional strategies based on new thinking in health promotion and on the insights of both radical feminism and queer theory. This book will be of interest to professionals in health promotion and health education, and also to students and academics in women's studies, gender studies, lesbian and gay studies, sexuality, cultural studies, media studies, social policy, and medical sociology.
Boys be : second season. Vol. 6
The sex diaries : why women go off sex and other bedroom battles
Boys be : second season. Vol. 12
Role of neonatal pituitary-testicular function in sexual maturation of male rats
Human sperm competition : copulation, masturbation and infidelity
Boys be : second season. Vol. 7
Boys be : second season. Vol. 16
EnGendering AIDS : deconstructing sex, text and epidemic
Boys be : second season. Vol. 10
Boys be : second season. Vol. 3
Boys be : second season. Vol. 15
Between sexual desire and reality : the evolution of sex in Finland
Boys be : second season. Vol. 13
Human sexuality
Boys be : second season. Vol. 5
The impact on aging on human sexual activity and sexual desire
Nymphomania : a history
How sexual desire works : the enigmatic urge
"Nymphomania - organic disease, psychological disorder, legal construct, and locker-room joke. Throughout history, it's been all these and more. Today images of sexually available women permeate our culture, and curiosity about nymphomania appears to be as insatiable as the stereo-typical nymphomaniac herself." "Carol Groneman follows the idea of nymphomania over the last two hundred years, unraveling questions about how much is too much sex for women - and who decides."--Jacket
Boys be : second season. Vol. 1
Boys be : second season. Vol. 2
The book of aphrodisiacs
Sexuality at stake : the essentialist and constructionist approaches to sexuality in anthropology
Sperm competition in birds : evolutionary causes and consequences
Boys be : second season. Vol. 9
The differentiation of sexual behavior and partner preference of the male rat
Boys be : second season. Vol. 4
Boys be : second season. Vol. 8
Sexual appetite, desire and motivation : energetics of the sexual system
