http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5898 love affair
love affair
Officer down
ADVENTURE / THRILLER. The last time criminal psychology expert Dr Charlotte 'Charlie' Stone helped capture a serial killer, it was nearly the last thing she ever did. Now she's determined to stick to research - and leave risk-taking to the law. But when dangerous duty calls, she can't refuse. And there's no greater danger than the 'Cinderella Killer', a charming predator who lures beautiful, single women to their deaths. FBI agent Lena Kaminsky fears her missing sister has fallen prey to the seductive psychopath, and desperately needs Charlie's unique skills before it's too late. Joined by Special Agents Tony Bartoli, Buzz Crane - and her ghostly bad-boy lover, Michael Garland - Charlie heads to Vegas to track down Lena's sister before the Cinderella Killer seals her fate. But it's Charlie who ends up gambling with her life, when the lethal lothario decides she's just his type ...
Daisy's back in town
The ethical slut : a practical guide to polyamory, open relationships & other adventures
Aftershock
Wilful disregard : a novel about love
A certain smile
Seven types of ambiguity
The ballroom
Silver linings : a Rose Harbor novel
Wabi sabi love : the ancient art of finding perfect love in imperfect relationships
40 days of dating
Starcrossed
The promise
The 39-year-old virgin
Afternoon tea at the Sunflower Cafe
Keeper of the bride
The week I ruined my life
"Single mom Sidonie Lindstrom has her hands full with a troubled foster son, an abrupt adjustment to country living, and an unforeseen lack of funds.  When her taciturn neighbor, MacKenzie Knightley, repeatedly offers practical help, Sid reminds herself she's not interested--despite his kindness, pragmatism, and quiet charm.  MacKenzie sees the vulnerability beneath her pride, and he's determined to change her mind."-- back cover.
Considered one of the most influential authors of twentieth century Russian Literature, Ivan Bunin's "Dark Avenues" is the culmination of a life's work which unrelentingly questioned of the political doxa whilst taking his poetic mastery of language to dark new heights. Written between 1938 and 1944 and set in the context of a disintegrating Russian culture, this collection of short fiction centres around dark, erotic liaisons told with a rich, elegaic poetics which probes the artistic limits of depicting desire.A prolific writer and fierce political activist, Bunin became the first Russian to win the Nobel prize for Literature in 1933 and was highly influential on his contemporary Russian emigres, Checkov and Nabokov. The "Dark Avenues" is the zenith of his work and one of the most important Russian texts to come out of the twentieth century. – WorldCat.
Love and summer
Fallout : a novel
The great Gatsby
Welcome to the sensual world of This Man...Young interior designer Ava O'Shea has no idea what awaits her at the Manor. A run-of-the-mill consultation with a stodgy country gent seems likely, but what Ava finds instead is Jesse Ward - a devastatingly handsome, utterly confident, pleasure-seeking playboy who knows no boundaries. Ava doesn't want to be attracted to this man, and yet she can't control the overwhelming desire he stirs in her. She knows that her heart will never survive him and her instinct is telling her to run, but Jesse is not willing to let her go. He wants her and is determined to have her. Includes a brand-new bonus scene from Jesse's perspective.
This is a love story of two halves. People say it takes half the time you've been in a relationship with someone to get over them. Rebecca and Ben thought they'd never have to test that theory - they were happy, in love, solid. They are perfectly matched: Ben is thoughtful, kind, and does all the cooking; Rebecca is fun and spontaneous, and often thinks about doing the cleaning but never actually does. Neither of them predicted an encounter with the past that would tear their relationship apart. 546 days of heartache, laughter, first dates and several twists of fate await...
Red riding hood
Exegesis : [sex, lies and cyberlove in the year 2000]
Catherine the Great & Potemkin : the imperial love affair
The virgin and the gipsy and other stories
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Please enjoy your happiness
My husband's affair became the best thing that ever happened to me
Mareun kkot = Weathered blossom
Love songs and lies
Letters from Skye : a novel
This man
Esther's inheritance
Breaking (up) point
How to learn to enjoy sexuality : the resources of human sexuality
Highlander most wanted
Bone meal for roses
The last time I saw her : a novel
A certain age
The marriage of opposites : a novel based on the life of Rachel Pizzarro
Her last whisper
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
The secrets of enduring love
Clumsy : a novel
No baggage : a tale of love & wandering
Productive love promotion via affective technology : an approach based on social psychology and philosophy
Part of a small demon lair in North Las Vegas, tattooist Harper Wallis lives a pretty simple life. That changes overnight when she discovers that her psychic mate, or ‘anchor’, is a guy who’s rumored to be the most powerful demon in existence. Compelling, full of secrets and armed with raw sexuality, Knox Thorne is determined to claim her as his anchor, creating a psychic bond that will prevent their inner demons from ever turning rogue. The billionaire also wants Harper in his bed. She’s not so sure she wants either of those things. No one seems to know what breed of demon Knox is, only that he’s more dangerous than anything she’s ever before encountered. But he refuses to walk away. And when an unknown danger starts closing in on Harper, it seems that Knox is the only one who can keep her safe.  As Prime of his Las Vegas lair and a successful businessman, Knox Thorne is used to being in control. He’s also used to people fearing and obeying him. Harper does neither, which unexpectedly amuses him. Unpredictable, elusive, and complex, she draws Knox and his inner demon like nothing ever has. Knox is used to getting what he wants, and he wants Harper. He’ll have her, and he’ll keep her safe from the threat that looms over her. Because Knox protects what’s his. He won’t allow anyone to take her from him. Even if it will mean letting the demon inside him rise and wreak the havoc it was created to make.
Young women in Japan : transitions to adulthood
The night stages
Midnight in Paris
Eight white nights
The spy who loved me
The 5 love languages : the secret to love that lasts
The war bride
London belongs to us
After Nicole Perkins opens her store, The Christmas Attic, in Fool's Gold, California, business is booming. When recuperating army doctor Gabriel Boylan offers to help out during the holiday rush, she discovers his memories of Christmas past contain more sour grapes than sugarplums. Are the red-hot mistletoe kisses they can't stop sharing just a distraction for him-- or is true love just waiting to be unwrapped?
Falling fast
Menolly, an acrobat-turned-vampire and operative for the Otherworld Intelligence Agency, must finally confront her sire, Dredge, who, in partnership with the demon Shadow Wing, is turning humans into newborn vampires.
The girl in the gatehouse
Serious men
The limit
The last time I saw her
Hardpressed
Big girl panties : a novel
Too hot to handle
Reconnecting : a self-coaching solution to revive your love life
Dark carousel
Seduction of a highland lass
Parental love : irreplaceable for children's well-being
The privilege of the sword
Defeat the enemy. Win the boy. Live happily ever after. But life "ever after" isn't as easy as it used to be. Harper's gone from being a member of a small demon lair to co-Prime of one of the most powerful lairs in the US with a mate who, though hot as hell, is just a mite overprotective - I mean, you get kidnapped by dark practitioners just once...  Then one of Knox's demons goes rogue, and in his madness decides Knox Thorne must die. Harper's worried. Knox isn't - at least until he discovers his mate's willingness to get between him and danger.  Now, Knox has a new priority: Keep Harper safe ...no matter what it takes. But Harper begins to suspect there's more danger than one rogue demon. It seems the combined strength of Harper and Knox has upset the balance of power in the demon world and there are those who are determined to right that wrong. Because when you move up the food chain, sometimes the other predators just want to take a bigger bite.
Breathe
A man of genius
The course of love : a novel
Counting the stars
Turn your mate into your soulmate : a practical guide to happily ever after
An erotic collection. Volume 2
Torn
The 5 love languages : singles edition
The beast
Poppy was six years old when she was rescued from her abusive mother and taken to her grandparents' farm to recover. There, under a wide South African sky, Poppy succumbs to the magic of their garden. Slowly, her memories fade and her wounds begin to heal. But as Poppy grows up into a strange, fierce and beautiful young woman, her childhood memories start to surface. And then a love affair with a married carpenter across the valley explodes her world. This is a lush, lyrical novel about a young girl's struggle to come to terms with her past.
Sweet tomorrows : a Rose Harbor novel
Crazy on you
"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Dovekeepers and The Museum of Extraordinary Things: a forbidden love story set on the tropical island of St. Thomas about the extraordinary woman who gave birth to painter Camille Pissarro the Father of Impressionism"-- Provided by publisher
Heroes are my weakness : a novel
"In the social whirl of Regency England, Elizabeth Chudderley is at the top of every guest list, the life of every party, and the belle of every ball. But her friends and admirers would be stunned to know the truth: that the merriest widow in London is also the loneliest. Behind the gaiety and smiles lies a secret longing--for something, or someone, to whisk her away....  Raised in scandal, Lord Michael de Grey is convinced that love is a losing gamble--and seduction the only game worth playing. But when duty threatens to trump everything he desires, the only way out is marriage to a woman of his brother's choosing. Elizabeth Chudderley is delightful, delicious--and distressingly attractive. With such a captivating opponent, Michael isn't quite sure who is winning the game. How can such passionate players negotiate a marriage of necessity--when their hearts have needs of their own?"
Kiss me hello
The woman in the fifth
The newcomer
An erotic collection. Volume 1
Love by numbers : the hidden facts behind everyone's relationships
Every day
The fall of the kings
Tantra : how our relationships can become a path for spiritual growth
Nine uses for an ex-boyfriend
The doctor and the diva
Wicked deeds on a winter's night
Best of my love
You
Deception
The dandelion years
The acclaimed comedian teams up with a New York University sociologist to explore the nature of modern relationships, evaluating how technology is shaping contemporary relationships and considering the differences between courtships of the past and present.
A heartbroken baker and a charming but womanizing tour guide embark on an experiment to prove their respective gender's quality and trustworthiness while regaining self-respect, only to become the subject of gossip in their small hometown.
Getting back out there : secrets to successful dating and finding true love after the big breakup
Midnight in Manhattan
Precocious
The night that changed everything
Love begets madness.  Viscount Locksley watched it happen to his father after his cherished wife's death.  But when his sire arranges to marry flame-haired fortune hunter Portia Gadstone,  Locke is compelled to take drastic measures to stop the stunning beauty from taking advantage of the marquess.  A marriage of mutual pleasure could be convenient, indeed, as long as inconvenient feelings don't interfere.  Desperation forced Portia to agree to marry a madman.  The arrangement will offer the protection she needs.  Or so she believes until the marquess's distractingly handsome son peruses the fine print, and takes his father's place!  Now the sedate, and more importantly, secure union Portia planned has been tossed in favor of one simmering with wicked temptation and potential heartbreak.  Because as she begins to fall for her devilishly seductive husband, her dark secrets surface and threaten to ruin them both, unless Locke is willing to risk all and open his heart to love.
Dear John
The fountainhead
The dark heroine : dinner with a vampire
An introductory guide to the sacred sexuality practices of modern schools of Tantra, and how you can use them to find meaning and healing in physical relationships.
Ask the dust
When Mary Smith's corrupt, debt-ridden brother drags her to a seedy pub to sell her virtue to the highest bidder, Alasdair Thornham leaps to the rescue. Of course the marquess is far from perfect husband material. Although he is exceedingly handsome, with a perfect, strong body, chiseled jaw, and piercing green eyes, Alasdair is also too fond of opium, preferring delirium to reality. Still, he has come to Mary's aid, and now she intends to return the favor. She will show him that he is not evil, just troubled
Bad things happen
Censoring an Iranian love story : a novel
The Manor, the very place where their passionate love affair began, fills with guests on what should be the happiest day of Ava and Jesse's lives. She has accepted that she'll never tame the fierceness in Jesse -- and she doesn't want to. Their love is profound, their connection powerful, but just when she thinks that she's finally gotten beneath his guarded exterior, more questions arise, leading Ava to believe that Jesse Ward may not be the man she thinks he is. He knows too well how to take her to a place beyond ecstasy. But will he also drive her to the brink of despair? It's time for this man to confess.
In sunlight and in shadow
The distance between us
Hardwired
Flirting with disaster
Time and chance : an autobiography
Did I mention I need you?
As a man grows older
Selfish Mr. Mermaid. 1
Swordspoint : a melodrama of manners
The price of salt
I'll be right there : a novel
Me before you
A vintage wedding
The jeweller's wife
Christmas on 4th Street
Pavane for a dead princess : a novel
Genevieve McInnis is locked behind the fortified walls of McHugh Keep, captive of a cruel laird who takes great pleasure in ruining her for any other man. Yet when Bowen Montgomery storms the gates on a mission of clan warfare, Genevieve finds that her spirit is bent but not broken. Unable to bear the shame of returning to a family that believes her dead or to abandon others at the keep to an imposing new laird, Genevieve opts for the peaceful life of an abbess. But Bowen's rugged sensuality stirs something deep inside her that longs to be awakened by his patient, gentle caress--something warm, wicked, and tempting.
That scandalous summer
The viscount and the vixen
Forever yours
The lavender house
Hero of my heart
"To not die alone" : kinship, love and life cycle in contemporary Havana, Cuba
Purity : a novel
Sparrows in love : the display and pairing of birds in Sanskrit literature
Sweeter with you
After we collided
Madness of a seduced  woman
Du gyeobui norae = Twofold song
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
Get the guy : learn secrets of the male mind to find the man you want and the love you deserve
"The much-anticipated conclusion to Debbie Macomber's beloved Rose Harbor series, set in the picturesque town of Cedar Cove, Sweet Tomorrows is a vibrant and poignant novel of letting go of fear, following your heart, and embracing the future--come what may.  Nine months ago, Mark Taylor abruptly left Cedar Cove on a perilous mission to right a wrong from his past. Though Mark finally confessed his love for her, innkeeper Jo Marie Rose is unsure if he's ever coming back. The Rose Harbor Inn barely seems the same without Mark, but Jo Marie can't bear to lose herself in grief once more. Determined to move forward, she begins dating again, and finds companionship when she takes on a boarder who is starting a new chapter herself.  Recovering from a twice-broken heart, Emily Gaffney, a young teacher, is staying at the inn while she looks for a home of her own. Having given up on marriage, Emily dreams of adopting children someday. She has her eye on one house in particular--with room for kids. Although Emily's inquiries about the house are rudely rebuffed, her rocky start with the owner eventually blossoms into a friendship. But when the relationship verges on something more, Emily will have to rethink what she truly wants and the chances she's willing to take.  The inn seems to be working its magic again--Emily opening herself up to love, Jo Marie moving on--until Jo Marie receives shocking news.  With Debbie Macomber's trademark charm and wisdom, Sweet Tomorrows brings to a close the journeys of cherished characters who feel like old friends. Macomber has created an enchanting place in the Rose Harbor Inn that readers will never forget"--
When you love someone, how does it feel? And when you desire someone, how is it different? In Mating in Captivity, Esther Perel looks at the story of sex in committed couples. Modern romance promises it all - a lifetime of togetherness, intimacy and erotic desire. In reality, it's hard to want what you already have. Our quest for secure love conflicts with our pursuit of passion. And often, the very thing that got us to into our relationships - lust - is the one thing that goes missing from them. Determined to reconcile the erotic and the domestic, Perel explains why democracy is a passion killer in the bedroom. Arguesfor playfulness, distance, and uncertainty. And shows what it takes to bring lust home. Smart, sexy and explosively original,Mating in Captivity is the monogamist's essential bedside read.
Better love next time : how the relationship that didn't last can lead you to the one that will
Aunt Julia and the scriptwriter
The wolfman
What happened in Vegas
Invisible ink : my mother's love affair with a famous cartoonist : a graphic memoir
Mating in captivity : sex, lies and domestic bliss
All the words are yours : haiku on love
The art of loving
The happiness hypothesis : finding modern truth in ancient wisdom
Modern romance
The last kiss goodbye
Hemingway in love : his own story
In bed with a highlander
The lover's dictionary
Unrequited : women and romantic obsession
"Set in Cedar Cove's charming Rose Harbor Inn, Debbie Macomber's captivating new novel follows innkeeper Jo Marie and two new guests as they seek healing and comfort, revealing that every cloud has a silver lining, even when it seems difficult to find.  Since opening the Rose Harbor Inn, Jo Marie Rose has grown close to her handyman, Mark Taylor. Jo Marie and Mark are good friends--and are becoming something more--yet he still won't reveal anything about his past. When Mark tells her that he's moving out of town, Jo Marie is baffled. Just when she is starting to open herself up again to love, she feels once more that she is losing the man she cares about. And as she discovers the secret behind Mark's decision to leave, she welcomes two visitors also seeking their own answers.  Best friends Kellie Crenshaw and Katie Gilroy have returned to Cedar Cove for their ten-year high school reunion, looking to face down old hurts and find a sense of closure. Kellie, known as Coco, wants to finally confront the boy who callously broke her heart. Katie, however, wishes to reconnect with her old boyfriend, James--the man she still loves and the one who got away. As Katie hopes for a second chance, Coco discovers that people can change--and both look to the exciting possibilities ahead.  Heartwarming and uplifting, Silver Linings is a beautiful novel of letting go of the past and embracing the unexpected"--
In love and war
If he's wicked
When love drives you off the trails : narratives of morbid love
The birthday present
This man confessed
Ascension : a Tangled Axon novel
The homecoming
The scandal of the season
A suitable boy : a novel
