http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5895 sexual identity
sexual identity
A dangerous knowing : sexuality, pedagogy and popular culture
"Sexual Identities and the Media encourages students to examine media as a site of negotiation for how people make sense of their own and others' sexual identities. Taking a critical/cultural approach, Wendy Hilton-Morrow and Kathleen Battles weave together theory, synthesis of existing research, and original analysis of contemporary media examples in order to explore key areas of debate, including: - an historical context for contemporary GLBTQ representations; - the advantages and limitations of media visibility, including a discussion of the strengths and limitations of stereotype research and the quest for "positive" representations; - the role of consumer culture in constructing GLBTQ identities; - strategies of mainstream media resistance by GLBTQ community members, including oppositional/queer reading strategies and the production of media products by and for the GLBTQ community; - the complexities of comedy as a popular narrative device in GLBTQ portrayals; - the closet as a structuring metaphor in both GLBTQ identities and engagement with media; - media representations of GLBTQ bodies as sites of non-normative desires and gender identities. Featuring an enormous range of discussion questions and case studies--from celebrity coming-out narratives, transgender models, and slash fiction writers to Glee and Modern Family--this textbook offers a timely, informative, and demystifying introduction to this vital intersection in contemporary culture"--$cProvided by publisher
Testimonies : lesbian coming-out stories
In the garden of desire : understanding the intimate world of women's sexual fantasies
The pink paper : Britain's only national newspaper for lesbians & gay men
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Powers of desire : the politics of sexuality
The flowers of evil. Volume 3
This book aims to productively engage the pioneering work of Queer theorists and point toe way towards a new sociological Queer studies. First book to bring the works of theorists and researchers in the social sciences to Queer theory which is distinctively dominated by the Humanities. Uses classic sociological essays that shaped lesbian, gay and bisexual studies and recent original works and applies these to the discursive approach of Queer Theory to create a productive dialogue between the disciplines.
QW : Queer World
Border patrols : policing the boundaries of heterosexuality
Disorienting sexuality : psychoanalytic reappraisals of sexual identities
A history of bisexuality
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Profit and pleasure : sexual identities in late capitalism
Handbook of Gender and Sexuality in Psychological Assessment brings together two interrelated realms: psychological assessment with gender and sexuality. This handbook aids in expanding the psychological assessors' knowledge and skill when considering how gender and sexuality shapes the client's and the assessor's experiences. Throughout the six sections, gender and sexuality are discussed in their relation to different psychological methods of assessment; various psychological disorders; special considerations for children, adolescents, and older adults; important training and ethical considerations; as well as several in-depth case discussions.
The invisible orientation : an introduction to asexuality
Sexuality
Freakboy
Why is bisexuality the object of such skepticism? Why do sexologists steer clear of it in their research? Why has bisexuality, in stark contrast to homosexuality, only recently emerged as a nascent political and cultural identity? Bisexuality has been rendered as mostly irrelevant to the history, theory, and politics of sexuality. With A History of Bisexuality, Steven Angelides explores the reasons why, and invites us to rethink our preconceptions about sexual identity. Retracing the evolution of sexology, and revisiting modern epistemological categories of sexuality in psychoanalysis, gay liberation, social constructionism, queer theory, biology, and human genetics, Angelides argues that bisexuality has historically functioned as the structural other to sexual identity itself, undermining assumptions about heterosexuality and homosexuality. In a book that will become the center of debate about the nature of sexuality for years to come, A History of Bisexuality compels us to rethink contemporary discourses of sexual theory and politics.
In The Invisible Orientation, Julie Sondra Decker outlines what asexuality is, counters misconceptions, provides resources, and puts asexual people's experiences in context as they move through a sexualized world. It includes information for asexual people to help understand their orientation and what it means for their relationships, as well as tips and facts for those who want to understand their asexual friends and loved ones.
Culture, society and sexuality : a reader
Closet space : geographies of metaphor from the body to the globe
Sex-role attitudes and their changes in Finland during 1966-70
Dykes-loving-dykes : dyke separatist politics for lesbians only
Body and self : an exploration of early female development
Positively gay : new approaches to gay and lesbian life
Sex on the couch : what Freud still has to teach us about sex and gender
This is a book for parents of gay kids : a question & answer guide to everyday life
Tales from the clit : a female experience of pornography
Deciphering culture : ordinary curiosities and subjective narratives
Is the closet just a metaphor? Closet Space provides a highly original account of the spatial metaphor of "the closet", and is the first geography text to focus on this important issue. Using a variety of research techniques and materials, the book explores the closet through texts including: the oral histories of gay men in the UK and US -- the sexualised landscape of a New Zealand city -- the national census of Britain and the US -- international travel guides and travelogues. and refers to the work of Butler, Lefebvre and Foucault.
The flowers of evil. Volume 4
Human sexuality
Feminism meets queer theory
Daring to dissent : lesbian culture from margin to mainstream
Poststructuralist theory and classroom practice
TransForming gender : transgender practices of identity, intimacy and care
Admission accomplished : the Lesbian nation years (1970-75)
Sexuality : a reader
Handbook of gender and sexuality in psychological assessment
The flowers of evil. Volume 10
Gender in early childhood
The Sage handbook of identities
How to be gay
True selves : understanding transsexualism - for families, friends, coworkers, and helping professionals
Bisexual and homosexual identities : critical clinical issues
Bending the landscape : science fiction
New perspectives on language and sexual identity
In this groundbreaking and provocative book, originally published as In the Garden of Desire, renowned sex therapist Wendy Maltz and journalist Suzie Boss guide you through the fascinating world of women's sexual fantasies, showing how they often hold the key to increased sexual pleasure. Private Thoughts describes the most common fantasy roles for women, illuminates fantasy's diverse functions, explores where fantasies come from, explains how to change unwanted or troublesome fantasies, and offers readers straightforward advice for talking about fantasies with a lover. The authors draw on insights gained from years of clinical experience, professional research, and intimate interviews with women of all ages and lifestyles who revealed deliciously original, sensuous, and erotic stories. Entertaining as well as informative, Private Thoughts takes readers on a unique journey of passion, pleasure, and self-discovery.
The flowers of evil. Volume 11
It's a queer world
The flowers of evil. Volume 8
Drawing on an international range of examples, from Che Guevarra to "The Crying Game," Profit and Pleasure leads the discussion of sexuality to a consideration of material reality and the substance of men and women's everyday lives
Bisexuality and transgenderism : interSEXions of the others
The invention of heterosexuality
Gender is not a synonym for women
How do teens know if they are LGBT? -- What issues do LGBT teens have with coming out? -- What challenges do LGBT teens face? -- How can teens get help with LGBT issues?
Bisexual politics : theories, queries, and visions
Against nature : : essays on history, sexuality, and identity
Sexual appetite, desire and motivation : energetics of the sexual system
Queer theory/sociology
The flowers of evil. Volume 6
Sexualities in health and social care : a textbook
Gay News
“Heterosexuality,” assumed to denote a universal sexual and cultural norm, has been largely exempt from critical scrutiny. In this boldly original work, Jonathan Ned Katz challenges the common notion that the distinction between heterosexuality and homosexuality has been a timeless one. Building on the history of medical terminology, he reveals that as late as 1923, the term “heterosexuality” referred to a "morbid sexual passion," and that its current usage emerged to legitimate men and women having sex for pleasure. Drawing on the works of Sigmund Freud, James Baldwin, Betty Friedan, and Michel Foucault, The Invention of Heterosexuality considers the effects of heterosexuality's recently forged primacy on both scientific literature and popular culture.
Commitment hour
Moninaisuus Mielessä! A Guide about Meeting Diversity of Sexual Orientation and Gender in the Field of Social Work : Report of Making a Product
Forming identity in silence: personal narratives from Japan's LGB people
Julian Corkle is a filthy liar
Teens and LGBT issues
What a lesbian looks like : writings by lesbians on their lives and lifestyles from the archives of the National Lesbian and Gay Survey
Sexuality and masquerade : the Dedalus book of sexual ambiguity
Bisexual spaces : a geography of sexuality and gender
Introducing teddy : a story about being yourself
Reinventing the sexes : feminism and biomedical construction of feminity and masculinity 1959-1985
The flowers of evil. Volume 9
S & M : studies in dominance & submission
The transgender debate : the crisis surrounding gender identity
A collection of essays which considers how "the personal is political". The intertwining of gender with class and ethinicity is examined along with a technological theory of gender and parenting. Emphasis is placed upon the gendered perspective in political theory in this text.
Between a man and a woman? : why conservatives oppose same-sex marriage
Uncontrollable bodies : testimonies of identity and culture
Male homosexuality : a contemporary psychoanalytic perspective
Asexuality and sexual normativity : an anthology
Sexy
This book is gay
The shell house
Sexual identities and the media
The last decade has seen the emergence of an increasingly high profile and politically active asexual community, united around a common identity as 'people who do not experience sexual attraction'. This unique volume collects a diverse range of interdisciplinary empirical and theoretical work which addresses this emergence, raising important and timely questions about asexuality and its broader implications for sexual culture. One of the most pressing and contentious issues within academic and public debates about asexuality is what relationship, if any, it has to sexual dysfunction. As well as collecting cutting edge scholarship in the emerging field of asexuality studies, rendering it indispensable to any sexualities course across the range of disciplines, this anthology also addresses this urgent debate, offering a variety of perspectives on how and why some have pathologised asexuality. This includes a range of chapters addressing the broader issues of sexual normativity within which these contemporary debates about asexuality are taking place.
Understanding asexuality
The cleft
Psychoanalytic therapy and the gay men
When feminism meets queer theory, no introductions seem necessary. The two share common political interests - a concern for women's and gay and lesbian rights - and many of the same academic and intellectual roots. And yet, they can also seem like strangers, needing mediation, translation, clarification. This volume focuses on the encounters of feminist and queer theories, on the ways in which basic terms such as "male" and "female," "man" and "woman," "black," "white," "sex," "gender," and "sexuality" change meaning as they move from one body of theory to another. Along with essays by Judith Butler, Evelynn Hammonds, Biddy Martin, Kim Michasiw, Carole-Anne Tyler, and Elizabeth Weed, there are interviews: Judith Butler engages Rosi Braidotti and Gayle Rubin in separate revealing discussions. And there are critical exchanges: Rosi Braidotti and Trevor Hope exchange comments on his reading of her work; and Teresa de Lauretis responds to Elizabeth Grosz's review of her recent book.
Moninaisuus mielessä!  a guide about meeting diversity of sexual orientation and gender in the field of social work : report of making a product
Circling Marilyn : text body performance
Queer theory in education
Queer : the ultimate LGBT guide for teens
Out of hiding
Rethinking gender in early childhood education
The flowers of evil. Volume 2
After saving Okinawa from invasion, Sarasa and Shuri must go their separate ways. The revelation of Sarasa's true gender does not lose her any friends, but it brings a horrifying message from Tatara's envoys / WorldCat.
Bisexualities : the ideology and practice of sexual contact with both men and women
A sociology of sex and sexuality
Sexuality and gender
Outrage : a magazine for lesbians and gay men
Gay Times
The flowers of evil. Volume 7
Women, feminist identity and society in the 1980's : selected papers
The flowers of evil. Volume 5
Lesbian Connection : A Nationwide forum of news & ideas by, for & about lesbians
