http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5897 sex life
sex life
The Penguin atlas of human sexual behavior
The origin of the world
Human sexual relations : a reader in human sexuality
The sexual revolution in Russia : from the age of the czars to today
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
Gender, education and employment : an international comparison of school-to-work transitions
Bondage for beginners : tie-me-up tricks and knots
Cultures of abortion in Weimar Germany
Anne Hooper's ultimate sexual touch : a lover's guide to sex through sensuality
Sexual and gender minorities at work
A qualitative study of male and female perceptions in differences in the working and domestic sphere : a comparison of the French and Finnish cultures
The death of Mr Love
The sex lives of saints : an erotics of ancient hagiography
The art of Kamasutra
The new sex bible for women : the complete guide to sexual self-awareness and intimacy
Dont put that in there! : and 69 other sex myths debunked
Occupational well-being : the role of areas of worklife and achievement and social strategies
Fifty shades of grey
Kama-sutra of Vatsyayana : the Hindu art of love
The history of sexuality. Vol. 2, The use of pleasure
Explosive sex! : step-by-step techniques for the hottest sex ever
Sexpertise : real answers to real questions about sex
Kama sutra : including the seven spiritual laws of love
Sexology in culture : labelling bodies and desires
The caveman mystique : pop-Darwinism and the debates over sex, violence, and science
Sexuality in Greek and Roman culture
Adventures in the orgasmatron : Wilhelm Reich and the invention of sex
On sexuality : three essays on the theory of sexuality and other works
Sexual intelligence : what we really want from sex and how to get it
Women and bisexuality
Intimate relations : exploring Indian sexuality
Culture and human sexuality : a reader
Gender and everyday life
The ten minute sexual solution : a busy couple's guide to having more fun, intimacy, and sex
Tantra : rites of love
Symptoms of depression in elderly : a comparative study on people aged 65 years and above living in an old age home and in their own home in Nepal
Understanding and preventing HIV risk behavior : safer sex and drug use
Bodies, sex and desire from the Renaissance to the present
Sexual blackmail : a modern history
Gangster speak : a dictionary of criminal and sexual slang
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
Queer : the ultimate LGBT guide for teens
"This introductory textbook is an overview of the nature and the ethics of the many aspects of sex and love"--Provided by publisher.
The fourth hand
The illustrated Kama-Sutra ; Ananga-Ranga ; Perfumed garden : the classical Eastern love texts
How a bad girl fell in love
Why are we so insistent that women and men are different? This introduction to gender provides a fascinating and genuinely readable exploration of how society divides people into feminine women and masculine men. It explores gender as a way of seeing women and men as not just biological organisms, but as people shaped by their everyday social world. Examining how gender has been understood and lived in the past; how it is understood and done differently by different cultures and groups within cultures; Mary Holmes considers the strengths and limitations of different ways of thinking and learning to 'do' gender.Key sociological and feminist ideas about gender are covered from Christine Pisan to Mary Wollstonecraft: from symbolic interactionism to second wave feminism through to the work of Judith Butler. The book illustrates gender with a range of familiar and contemporary examples: everything from nineteenth century fashions in China and Britain, to discussions of what Barbie can tell us about gender in America, to the lives of working women in Japan. This book will be of great use and interest to students to gender studies, sociology and feminist theory.
The sex diaries : why women go off sex and other bedroom battles
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
On living through Soviet Russia
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
The sex book
The perfumed garden
The international encyclopedia of sexuality. Vol. 2, India to South Africa
The philosophy of sex and love : an introduction
Love in the time of colic  : the new parents' guide to getting in on again
Bonk : the curious coupling of sex and science
An attempt to reveal, recover and reconsider the roles, positions, and actions of Ottoman women, this volume reconsiders the negotiations, alliances, and agency of women in asserting themselves in the public domain in late- and post-Ottoman cities. Drawing on diverse theoretical backgrounds and a variety of source materials, from court records to memoirs to interviews, the contributors to the volume reconstruct the lives of these women within the urban sphere. With a fairly wide geographical span, from Aleppo to Sofia, from Jeddah to Istanbul, the chapters offer a wide panorama of the Ottoman urban geography, with a specific concern for gender roles.
Friendly fetish : a beginner's guide to kink
Human sexuality
Sex on the couch : what Freud still has to teach us about sex and gender
The silent misery - why marriages fail
Women and the city, women in the city : a gendered perspective to Ottoman urban history
The social context of premarital sexual permissiveness
Sexuality, state, and civil society in Germany, 1700-1815
Sexual morality : a natural law approach to intimate relationships
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of Finnish university physics
Childbearing and Work-Family Balance among Contemporary Russian Women
Finnish sex : the tables of all the questions of the 1992 survey and the comparable questions of the 1971 survey
Better sex in no time : an illustrated guide for busy couples
Sexicon : a sexual dictionary
Human sexuality in a world of diversity
The International encyclopedia of sexuality. Vol. 4, Including new countries
Mating in captivity : reconciling the erotic and the domestic
No ordinary love story
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Why women have sex : understanding sexual motivation from adventure to revenge (and everything in between)
Sex & punishment : four thousand years of judging desire
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of finnish university physics
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
Tantra : the path to blissful sex
Sex and destiny : the politics of human fertility
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
It's perfectly normal : chancing bodies, growing up, sex & sexual health
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
What do women want? : adventures in the science of female desire
Sexual intelligence : what we really want from sex - and how to get it
Human sexuality : contemporary controversies
This first major study of a curiously neglected term in the history of sexuality will intrigue students, scholars and enthusiasts alike. The authors take us through a journey across four centuries, showing how notions of sexual coldness and frigidity have been thought about by legal, medical, psychiatric, psychoanalytic and literary writers.
Frigidity : an intellectual history
Sex-life : a critical commentary on the history of sexuality
Dynamics of romantic love : attachment, caregiving, and sex
Quality of life after stroke : clinical, functional, psychosocial and cognitive correlates
The prehistory of sex : four million years of human sexual culture
Breaking the barriers to desire : polyamory, polyfidelity and non-monogamy : new approaches to multiple relationships
The girlfriends' guide to getting your life back after children : loving your family without losing your mind
Sexuality
The credibility gap : how to understand the men in your business life and win by your own rules
Gender roles and power
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Birth & Sex : The power and the passion
Office ladies and salaried men : power, gender, and work in Japanese companies
Sexually transmitted infections : nursing care and management
The joy of mindful sex ; be in the moment & enrich your lovemaking
The durable fig leaf : a historical, cultural, medical, social, literary, and isonographic account of man's relations with his penis
Dynamique des interactions et influence des différences = Dynamics of interactions and influences of differences
Masturbation in a generational perspective
The sexual revolution : toward a self-regulating character structure
The whole woman
Slap and tickle
This is the first no-holds-barred analysis of men and women differ in the workplace, and how you can use these differences to move to the top of the creer tree.
Intimate matters : a history of sexuality in America
Shadow and light. Volume one
Sex and disability
The first time : true tales of virginity lost & found (including my own)
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
Kama Sutra : a position a day 365 days a year
Love in the later years : the emotional, physical, sexual and social potential of the elderly
The sex manual
Sexology uncensored : the documents of sexual science
From formal employment to street vending : women's room to maneuver and labor market decisions under conditions of export-orientation - the case Penang, Malaysia
The joy of sex
There are contrasting views on how gender equality affects fertility in contemporary European societies. This article discusses the Russian situation by asking how tensions in the contemporary gender system relate to reproductive decision-making and identity. How do gendered practices and identities influence womens intentions to have children? In depth interview data gathered during the last decade is used to analyze how the two main gender contracts of the professional women and the working mother relate to family planning, child birth, pregnancies, and mothering. Results indicate that while Russian women experience increasing pressure of the double burden and few signs of increasing gender equality in domestic life, the stable identity of Russian mothering contributes to the birth of at least one child. Childbearing does not depend directly on gender roles and division of labor in households. The decision to have a child and care for small children continues to be womens responsibility even as fertility patterns have modernized and gender equality in couple relations is slightly increasing. However, the type of gender contract influences the process of negotiation concerning reproductive matters and the timing of childbirth. .
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Shaping sexual knowledge : a cultural history of sex education in twentieth century Europe
Intercourse : the twentienth anniversary edition
365 sex moves : positions for having sex a new way every day
The autonomy of pleasure : libertines, license, and sexual revolution
Human sexuality : contemporary perspectives
Sexual liberation : the scandal of Christendom
The history of sexuality. Vol. 3, The care of the self
Marriage, sex, and civic culture in late medieval London
Human sexuality : an encyclopedia
About the self and the time : on the autobiographical texts by É. Gerštejn, T. Petkevič, E. Bonnèr, M. Pliseckaja and M. Arbatova
Sexuality and Deafness
The history of sexuality. Vol. 1, An introduction
The passion paradox : what to do when one person loves more than the other
Associations between sexual desire, activity, dissatisfaction and relationship satisfaction
Gender and the European labour market
Sex By Numbers : What Statistics Can Tell Us About Sexual Behaviour
The myth of sex addiction
The sex myth : why everything we're told is wrong
Understanding orgasmic frequence : a case of Finland
The act of marriage : the beauty of sexual love
Sex, puberty and all that stuff : a guide to qrowing up
Sex in cyberspace : men who pay for sex
Presents the history and questionable science underlying the ill-defined disease of sexual addiction, suggesting that men take responsibility for sexual choices rather than labeling male sexual desire as a "demonic force" that must be resisted, feared, treated and exorcised.
When you love someone, how does it feel? And when you desire someone, how is it different? In Mating in Captivity, Esther Perel looks at the story of sex in committed couples. Modern romance promises it all - a lifetime of togetherness, intimacy and erotic desire. In reality, it's hard to want what you already have. Our quest for secure love conflicts with our pursuit of passion. And often, the very thing that got us to into our relationships - lust - is the one thing that goes missing from them. Determined to reconcile the erotic and the domestic, Perel explains why democracy is a passion killer in the bedroom. Arguesfor playfulness, distance, and uncertainty. And shows what it takes to bring lust home. Smart, sexy and explosively original,Mating in Captivity is the monogamist's essential bedside read.
The virgin suicides
Promoting healthy behaviour : practical guide for nursing and healthcare
Mating in captivity : sex, lies and domestic bliss
Diaries of an Internet lover
Sexual life in Sweden
Fifty shades of bondage & submission : a beginner's guide to BDSM
ABC of sexual health
Gender and psychology
Sex and the single girl
Intimate life styles : marriage and its alternatives
Drop dead healthy : one man's humble quest for bodily perfection
Lust : Kinky online personal ads
Part confessional, part drunken-rant-on-the-bus, Girl on the Net guides us through the lessons a thirty-something sex blogger has learned about sex and love. This book takes us on a journey that begins with a happy ending and goes swiftly downhill from there, dismantling some of our myths about romance along the way as she weaves her own relationship issues and surprises through candid personal stories and weird facts gathered from three years of sex blogging.
Sex and society in Græco-Roman Egypt
The sex diaries project
Philosophical perspectives on sex and love
Mystery of mothers on the labour market : comparison of the differences in labour market participation of married mothers with small children in Germany and Finland during the 1990's
Sisters unlimited : the guide to life, love, bodies and being you
Sex over 40
Consent and coercion to sex and marriage in ancient and medieval societies
Maharshi Vatsyayana's Kama Sutra : a famous ancient Indian classic
Learning to love
Zits, glitz & body bits : every girl's guide to growing up from bodies and beauty to boys
The changing face of sex
Leisure-time physical activity, body mass index, and waist circumreference : a longitudinal twin study from adolescence to adulthood
Becoming valuable selves : self-promotion, gender and individuality in late capitalism
