http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5893 interfaith dialogue
interfaith dialogue
Confronting Confucian understandings of the Christian doctrine of salvation : a systematic theological analysis of the basic problems in the Confucian-Christian dialogue
The Abraham connection : a Jew, Christian, and Muslim in dialogue : an encounter between Dr. David Gordis, Dr. George Grose and Dr. Muzammil Siddiqi
Public theology for a global society : essays in honor of Max L. Stackhouse
Bible and Qurʼān : essays in scriptural intertextuality
Essays on Orthodox Christian-Jewish relations
Buddhism and Christianity : rivals and allies
Schismatics, sectarians, dissidents, deviants : the first one hundred years of Jewish-Christian relations
Common roots, new horizons : learning about faith from dialogue with Jews
Contemporary Muslim and Christian responses to religious plurality : Wolfhart Pannenberg in dialogue with Abdulaziz Sachedina
An introduction to the theology of religions : biblical, historical, and contemporary perspectives
Through western eyes : Eastern Orthodoxy : a reformed perspective
Non-Muslims in Muslim majority societies : with focus on the Middle East and Pakistan
Celebrating a century of ecumenism : exploring the achievements of international dialogue : in commemoration of the centenary of the 1910 Edinburgh World Missionary Conference
Talking to the other : Jewish interfaith dialogue with Christians and Muslims
Inter-religious models and criteria
Confronting Confucian understandings of the Christian Doctrine of Salvation : a systematic theological analysis of the basic problems in the Confucian-Christian dialogue
The Church of England and the Church of Finland : a summary of the proceedings at the Conferences held at Lambeth Palace, London, on October 5th and 6th, 1933, and at Brändö, Helsingfors, on July 17th and 18th, 1934.
Islam and inter-faith relations : the Gerald Weisfeld lectures 2006
The dialogical encounter between Christians and Muslims
Raimon Panikkar's Cosmotheandrism - theologizing at the meeting point of Hinduism and Christianity
Buddhist perceptions of Jesus : papers of the Third Conference of the European Network of buddhist-Christian Studies (St. Ottilien 1999)
This volume's focus is threefold, thus corresponding to its tri-partite topical division: to analyze Eastern monasticism's unique place in the life transforming journey to theosis; Eastern monasticism's hospitality and mutual encounters with culture; and Eastern and Western monasticism's hospitality to Christian and non-Christian religions, including Buddhism, Hinduism and Islam (even though Islam does not have any monastic institution, its adherents have been historically in dialogue with Christian monastics and have the potential to achieve a spiritual affinity with monks of other religious traditions). The three parts of the volume share one unifying argument: monasticism's special call to spiritually symbiotic relationship or impact on the very socio-politic-historic structures of reality. The topics are explored from historical, theological, and literary standpoints. The volume's overall intention is to help make monastic ecumenical engagement or its potential for inter-faith dialogue better known, appreciated, and relevant within inter-religious dialogue.
To Christ through the Vedanta. Volume 1
Hinduism and buddhism : an historical sketch : in three volumes. Volume III
Voices from Jerusalem : Jews and Christians reflect on the Holy Land
Do we worship the same God? : Jews, Christians, and Muslims in dialogue
Women and interreligious dialogue
While it is not well known among Christians, Jesus has an important role in the Quaranic literature, and this book examines this provocative topic, focusing on Jesus's role in the eschatology of Islam, especially on the afterlife.
Syriac churches encountering Islam : past experiences and future perspectives
Meeting in faith : twenty years of Christian-Muslim conversations sponsored by the World Council of Churches
In the world, yet not of the world : social and global initiatives of Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew
Faces of the other : a contribution by the group Thinking Together : interreligious relations and dialogue
Christian approaches to other faiths : a reader
Orthodox Perspectives on Mission is both a humble tribute to some great Orthodox theologians, who in the past have provided substantial contribution to contemporary missiological and ecumenical discussions, and an Orthodox input to the upcoming 2013 Busan WCC General Assembly. There is a long history of similar contributions by the Orthodox before all the major ecumenical events. The collected volume is divided into two parts: Part I under the subtitle The Orthodox Heritage consists of a limited number of representative Orthodox missiological contributions of the past, whereas Part II includes all the papers presented in the Plenary of the recent Edinburgh 2010 conference, as well as the short studies and contributions prepared during the Edinburgh 2010 ongoing study process.
Inter-religious dialogue : a short introduction
Courage for dialogue : ecumenical issues in inter-religious relationships
Grenzüberschreitungen - an introduction to the missiology of Horst Bürkle
"Though women have been objects more often than subjects of interreligious dialogue, they have nevertheless contributed in significant ways to the dialogue, just as the dialogue has also contributed to their own self-understanding. This volume, the fifth in the Interreligious Dialogue Series, brings together historical, critical, and constructive approaches to the role of women in the dialogue between religions. These approaches deal with concrete examples of women's involvement in dialogue, critical reflections on the representation of women in dialogue, and the important question of what women might bring to the dialogue. Together, they open up new avenues for reflection on the nature and purpose of interreligious dialogue."--Page 4 of cover.
Wesley, Aquinas, and christian perfection : an ecumenical dialogue
The Emptying God : a Buddhist-Jewish-Christian conversation
Theology after Vedānta : an experiment in comparative theology
Islam and Christianity : theological themes in comparative perspective
Yoga and the Jesus prayer tradition : an experiment in Faith
More stepping-stones to Jewish-Christian relations : an unabridged collection of Christian documents 1975-1983
Visions of the other : Jewish and Christian theologians assess the dialogue
Many religions, one covenant : Israel, the Church and the world
Dialogue and conflict on religion : studies of classroom interaction in European countries
The divine matrix : creativity as link between East and West
Divinity & diversity : a Christian affirmation of religious pluralism
'Word of God' in the thought of Ahmed Deedat
"Religion, Language and Power" shows that the language of 'religion' is far from neutral, and that the packaging and naming of what English speakers call 'religious' groups or identities is imbued with the play of power. Religious Studies has all too often served to amplify voices from other centers of power, whether scripturalist or otherwise normative and dominant.This book's de-centering of English classifications goes beyond the remit of most postcolonial studies in that it explores the classifications used in a range of languages - including Arabic, Sanskrit, Chinese, Greek and English - to achieve a comparative survey of the roles of language and power in the making of 'religion' . In contextualizing these uses of language, the ten contributors explore how labels are either imposed or emerge interactively through discursive struggles between dominant and marginal groups. In dealing with the interplay of religion, language and power, there is no other book with the breadth of this volume.
What we can learn from Islam?
Stepping stones to other religions : a Christian theology of inter-religious dialogue
Christian theology in a pluralistic context : a methodological and constructive inquiry in the doctrine of creation
Mending a torn world : women in interreligious dialogue
A dictionary of the Jewish-Christian dialogue
Not without my neighbour : issues in interfaith relations
Orthodox perspectives on mission
The ecumenical legacy of Johannes cardinal Willebrands (1909-2006)
Korea's great Buddhist-Confucian debate : the treatises of Chŏng Tojŏn (Sambong) and Hamhŏ Tŭkt'ong (Kihwa)
Faith matters : case studies from the Faiths in Action Fund
Re-visioning India's religious traditions : essays in honour of Eric Lott
The notion of Interreligious Studies signals a new academic perspective on the study of religion, characterized by a relational approach. Interreligious Studies defines the essential features of interreligious studies compared with alternative conceptions of religious studies and theology. The book discusses pressing and salient challenges in interreligious relations, including interreligious dialogue in practice and theory, interfaith dialogue and secularity, confrontational identity politics, faith-based diplomacy, the question of interfaith learning in school, and interreligious responses to extremism. Interreligious Studies is a cutting-edge study from one of the most important voices in Europe in the field, Oddbj rn Leirvik, and includes case study material from his native Norway including interreligious responses to the bomb attack in Norway on 22nd July 2011, as well as examples from a number of other national and global contexts Expanding discussions on interreligious dialogue and the relationship between religions in new and interesting ways, this book is a much-needed addition to the growing literature on interreligious studies.
The three sons of Abraham : interfaith encounters between judaism, christianity and islam
Encounter in the spirit : Muslim-Christian meetings in Birmingham
Examining the relations between Buddhism and Christianity in the context of our emerging world civilization, this book illuminates the way Theravada Buddhism does not fit relevant theories about religion and does not match Christian (or Muslim or Jewish or Hindu) belief in God. As the assumptions of the two faiths are so different, how then can they be conceived as relating? The discussion draws upon Chinese and other Far Eastern developments and on views about religion and modernity. Other books by the author include "Doctrine and Argument in Indian Philosophy", "The Religious Experience" and "Worldviews".
Interreligious studies : a relational approach to religious activism and the study of religion
Changing churches : an Orthodox, Catholic, and Lutheran theological conversation
An ancient Syriac translation of the Kur'an exhibiting new verses and variants
Unveiling Islam : an insider's look at Muslim life and beliefs
Christ the eternal Tao
Afirmations and admonitions : Lutheran decisions and dialogue with Reformed, Episcopal, and Roman Catholic churches
The diversity of religions : a Christian perspective
This book reflects on one of the most pressing challenges of our time: the current and historical relationships that exist between the faith-traditions of Judaism, Christianity and Islam. It begins with discussion on the state of Jewish-Christian relations, examining antisemitism and the Holocaust, the impact of Israel and theological controversies such as covenant and mission. Kessler also traces different biblical stories and figures, from the Hebrew Bible and the New Testament, demonstrating Jewish-Christian contact and controversy. Jews and Christians share a sacred text, but more surprisingly, a common exegetical tradition. They also need to deal with some of the more problematic and violent biblical texts. Jews, Christians and Muslims includes reflection on the encounter with Islam, including topics associated with a divergent history and memory as well contemporary relations between the three Abrahamic faiths. Kessler's writings shed light on common purpose as well as how to manage difference, both vital in forming a positive identity and sustaining a flourishing community.
Toward a Christian theology of religious pluralism
Jewish-Christian relations in today's world
Abraham in the three monotheistic faiths
Stanley J. Samartha's contribution to the interfaith dialogue
Is there a new balance in Jewish-Christian relations? : an analysis of the theoretical presuppositions and theological implications of the Jewish-Christian dialogue in the light of the World Council of Churches' and the Roman Catholic Church's conceptions of inter-religious dialogue
Beyond the impasse : toward a pneumatological theology of religions
The unknown Christ of Hinduism : towards an ecumenical Christophany
Conferences between representatives appointed by the Archbishop of Canterbury on behalf of the Church of England and representatives of the Evangelical Lutheran Churches of Latvia and Estonia
An emerging cosmotheandric religion? : Raimon Panikkar's pluralistic theology of religions
After pluralism : towards an interreligious ethic
Becoming Wise : An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living
A history of Christian-Muslim relations
Religious politics in Latin America, Pentecostal vs. Catholic
Comparative religious ethics : a narrative approach to global ethics
Faith and culture : the construction of a christian identity in interaction with other world religions in education
Publisher description: People of the modern West have to a great extent become jaded by Christian terminology and doctrinal constructions, yet many of them are drawn to the Person of Christ Himself. Christ the Eternal Tao seeks to develop not only a new way of seeing Christ, but also a new language by which to express His message, drawing from the enigmatic style and poetic language of Lao Tzu.
Religious truth and the relation between religions
Deepest differences : a Christian-Atheist dialogue
The cosmotheandric experience : emerging religious consciousness
Plural voices : intradisciplinary perspectives on interreligious issues
Transforming Christianity and the world : a way beyond absolutism and relativism
Christian and muslim dialogues : the religious uses of a literary form in the early islamic Middle East
Asian Christian theologians in dialogue with Buddhism
Jesus in the world's faiths : leading thinkers from five religions reflect on his meaning
Jews, Christians and Muslims all trace their history and spiritual raison d'etre to their common tribal ancestor, Abraham. Their religious identities are interrelated and even dependent on each other. Jesus lived as a Jew and Christianity was born in the heart of Judaism. Early Christianity was inherently Jewish, referring to the same scriptures-the Tanach, later called the "Old Testament"-and holding to the same messianic promises. Mohammed, the prophet of Islam, knew both Christianity and Judaism. The Qur'an contains material indebted to the Old Testament and Jewish tradition, as well as stories and teachings from the New Testament; and Mohammed himself met Jews and Christians alike during his lifetime. Furthermore, the three religions share many fundamental ideas and beliefs. They testify to the same memory of Abraham; value the same divine law; urge the same ideal of righteousness; and proclaim the same hope of peace for the earth and salvation for humankind. Despite this shared heritage, the three Abrahamic faiths have sometimes been more closely identified not for what they offer to save the world but for what they bring to destabilise it. It is one of the depressing paradoxes of religion- supposedly a force for good-that it is all too frequently the occasion for conflict instead of peace, generosity and better treatment of one's neighbor. The contributors to this volume start from the premise that there is a price to be paid by the "sons of Abraham": whether Jews, Muslims or Christians. And that is the cost of learning how to be brothers through mutual and attentive engagement. Mature interfaith discussion offers respect for a shared heritage while also recognising points of distinctiveness. This book explores what articulating such regardful difference, as well as commonality, might mean for the future of faith relations. Including provocative reflections by Elie Wiesel, Irving Greenberg, Hans Küng and others, the book makes a vital contribution to dialogue. In its searching analysis of issues of peace, justice, hope and forgiveness, it will engage all students and scholars of interfaith studies.
The Dao of Lao Zi and Christian God : Yuan Zhiming's theology on the encounter between Christianity and Chinese culture
Learning from other faiths
"The new edition of this popular textbook has been thoroughly revised and updated to reflect recent global developments. The book retains the unique and compelling narrative-style approach which has proved so successful with students; reflecting the ways in which ancient stories from diverse religions, such as the Bhagavad Gita and the lives of Jesus and Buddha, have been used to project an ethical framework and provide ethical orientation in the modern world. New to this edition are discussions of globalization and its influence on cross-cultural and comparative ethics, economic dimensions to ethics, Gandhian traditions, and global ethics in an age of terrorism. The book also considers Chinese influences on Thich Nhat Hanh's Zen Buddhism, and Augustine's Confessions. Greater in-depth discussions are included on Asian religions, quest narratives, and the religious and philosophical approach to ethics in the West. Exploring a broad range of important and complex moral issues in a clear and absorbing style, this is a truly reader-friendly and comparative introduction to religious ethics"--Provided by publisher.
The object of this work is the interdisciplinary dialogue between natural sciences and Christian theology. The objective is to study the theological, epistemological and semantic conditions that make possible an articulation between scientific worldviews and theological discourses. In this study “to articulate” means that scientific theories and theological discourses do not share the same semantic horizon. At the same time, the verb “to articulate” implies that there is a possible mediation between scientific worldviews and systematic theology. The main thesis of this study is that an articulation between scientific worldviews and systematic theology is possible through the mediation of philosophy. Natural sciences and philosophy refer to the order of manifestation where real things appear as phenomena. Christian theology refers to the order of revelation where God communicates Himself to the human person. The relationship between these two orders can be expressed with the maxim: neither confusion nor separation. Furthermore, there is a positive formulation of that relation: revelation assumes and transfigures what is manifested. This model of relation is the fundamental theological condition that makes possible an articulation between natural sciences and theology. In addition, there is an epistemological condition: the homologous rational structure of each rational field (sciences, philosophy and theology). Based on these theological and epistemological conditions, this research work proposes a theological method that articulates scientific worldviews into systematic theology through the mediation of philosophy. The method seeks two objectives: (a) that theology remains in its epistemological boundaries and (b) to respect symmetrically the autonomy of natural sciences' procedures. Finally, the proposed method is applied to three examples: the elaboration of theological discourses, in dialogue with natural sciences, about (i) creation, (ii) human action and (iii) a spiritual contemplation of God's presence in the world. This research follows the contributions of two major scholars of the twentieth century: Jean Ladrière and Xavier Zubiri. Our considerations are based on the scholars' analyses of the plurality of epistemologies and their analyses of the intellectual act.
Toward the future : essays on Catholic-Jewish relations in memory of Rabbi León Klenicki
Christian approaches to other faiths
Witness in a multi-religious context : report of the Seminar on Christian Witness in a Multi-Religious Context, Chiangmai, Thailand, 27-31 Oct., 1986
The gift of responsibility : the promise of dialogue among Christians, Jews, and Muslims
Dialogue and syncretism : an interdisciplinary approach
Christianity and Buddhism : a multicultural history of their dialogue
No other Gospel! : Christianity among the world's religions
A moment of truth : a word of faith, hope, and love from the heart of Palestinian suffering : Kairos Palestine 2009
Lutherans and Pentecostals in dialogue
African and Asian contributions to contemporary theology : report of consultation held at the World Council of Churches Ecumenical Institute Bossey, 8-14 June 1976
The articulation between natural sciences and systematic theology : a philosophical mediation based on the contributions of Jean Ladrière and Xavier Zubiri
Violence In God's name : Christian and Muslim relations in Nigeria
Christian-Muslim dialogue : theological and practical issues
Guidelines for a dialogue between Muslims and Christians
Jews, christians and muslims in encounter
Sailing through troubled waters : Christianity in the Middle East
Global gods : exploring the role of religions in modern societies
Prophetic humour in Buddhism and Christianity : doing inter-religious studies in the reverential mode
Hellenic religion and Christianization, c. 370-529
A debate on Jewish emancipation and Christian theology in old Berlin
"This popular textbook has been thoroughly revised and updated to reflect recent global developments, whilst retaining its unique and compelling narrative-style approach. Using ancient stories from diverse religions, it explores a broad range of important and complex moral issues, resulting in a truly reader-friendly and comparative introduction to religious ethics. A thoroughly revised and expanded new edition of this popular textbook, yet retains the unique narrative-style approach which has proved so successful with students Considers the ways in which ancient stories from diverse religions, such as the Bhagavad Gita and the lives of Jesus and Buddha, have provided ethical orientation in the modern world Updated to reflect recent discussions on globalization and its influence on cross-cultural and comparative ethics, economic dimensions to ethics, Gandhian traditions, and global ethics in an age of terrorism Expands coverage of Asian religions, quest narratives, the religious and philosophical approach to ethics in the West, and considers Chinese influences on Thich Nhat Hanh's Zen Buddhism, and Augustine's Confessions Accompanied by an instructor's manual which shows how to use the book in conjunction with contemporary films"--Provided by publisher.
Neo-Muslim intellectuals in the West and their contributions to Islamic thought and the formation of Western Islam : an exploratory investigation of the religious and literary activities of Western Neo-Muslim intellectuals
In search of meaning and identity : conversion to Christianity in Pakistani Muslim culture
Dialogue between men of living faiths : papers presented at a consultation held at ajaltoun, Lebanon, March 1970
Spirituality in interfaith dialogue
Catholicism in dialogue : conversations across traditions
Mitzvoth ethics and the Jewish Bible : the end of Old Testament theology
Being religious interreligiously : Asian perspectives on interfaith dialogue
Interreligious learning
Orthodox Christians and Islam in the postmodern age
Buddhist and Christian? : an exploration of dual belonging
Faces of the other : a contribution by the group Thinking Together
The presence of Muslims in Europe and the theological training of pastoral workers : Birmingham, 9-14 September 1991, final report
Eastern Christianity, Judaism and Islam between the death of Muhammad and Tamerlane (632-1405) : proceedings of the Humboldt-Kolleg, June 25-28, 2008, Dolná Krupá, Slovakia
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
Love meets wisdom : a Christian experience of Buddhism
"This is a detailed exploration of Buddhist Christian dual belonging, engaging - from both Buddhist and Christian perspectives - the questions that arise, and drawing on extensive interviews with well-known individuals in the vanguard of this important and growing phenomenon. The issue is pressing insofar the last century has witnessed a gradual but profound transformation of the West's religious landscape. In today's context of diversity, people are often influenced by more than one religion. Multireligious identities are consequently on the rise. At one end of the spectrum are those who identify themselves as fully belonging to more than one tradition. One of the most prevalent combinations is Christianity and Buddhism This book addresses central and fundamental questions. How is it possible to be authentically Buddhist and authentically Christian when, for example, God is central to Christianity yet absent from Buddhism; when Christians have faith in Jesus Christ while Buddhists take refuge in the Buddha; when Christians hope for heaven and Buddhists hope for nirvana; and when Buddhists and Christians engage in different practices? Are those who identify themselves as belonging to both traditions profoundly irrational, religiously schizophrenic, or perhaps just spiritually superficial? Or is it possible somehow to reconcile the thought and practice of Buddhism and Christianity in such a way that one can be deeply committed to both? And if it is possible, will the influence of Buddhist Christians on each of these traditions be something to be regretted or celebrated?"--
A global guide to interfaith : reflections from around the world
When faiths collide
Motherland lost : the Egyptian and Coptic quest for modernity
Christians, Jews, and other worlds : patterns of conflict and accommodation : the Avery lectures in history
The sound of liberating truth : Buddhist-Christian dialogues in honor of Frederick J. Streng
The cross and the lotus : Christianity and Buddhism in dialogue
Roman Catholics and Evangelicals : agreements and differences
A Buddhist spectrum : contributions to Buddhist-Christian dialogue
Orthodox constructions of the West
Christianity and other faiths in Europa : documentation from the meeting "Christianity and other faiths in Europa today", 25-29 August 1994, Järvenpää, Finland
The broken staff : Judaism through Christian eyes
Universality of modern Hinduism : a study of Brahma Samaj and its contribution to Indian Christian theology
"The last century witnessed a gradual but profound transformation of the West's religious landscape. In today's context of diversity, people are often influenced by more than one religion. Buddhism and Christianity is a particularly prevalent and fascinating combination. This book presents a detailed exploration of Buddhist Christian dual belonging, engaging - from both Buddhist and Christian perspectives - the questions that arise, and drawing on extensive interviews with well-known individuals in the vanguard of this important and growing phenomenon. The book looks at how it is possible to be authentically Buddhist and authentically Christian despite the differences in religion beliefs and practices. It discusses whether those who identify themselves as belonging to both traditions are profoundly irrational, religiously schizophrenic or perhaps just spiritually superficial, or if it is possible to reconcile the thought and practice of Buddhism and Christianity in such a way that one can be deeply committed to both. Finally, the book looks at whether the influence of Buddhist Christians on each of these traditions is something to be regretted or celebrated. It is an interesting contribution to studies on Asian Religion and Theology"--
Participatory learning : religious education in a globalizing society
The measure of God : our century-long struggle to reconcile science & religion
Judaism and other religions : models of understanding
"How do Christians reconcile their belief in one God with the concept of three divine 'persons'? This Companion provides an overview of how the Christian doctrine of the Trinity has been understood and articulated in the last two thousand years. The Trinitarian theologies of key theologians, from the New Testament to the twentieth century, are carefully examined and the doctrine of the Trinity is brought into dialogue with non-Christian religions as well as with other Christian beliefs. Authors from a range of denominational backgrounds explore the importance of Trinitarian thought, locating the Trinity within the wider context of systematic theology. Contemporary theology has seen a widespread revival of the doctrine of the Trinity and this book incorporates the most recent developments in the scholarship"--
Dialogue : in search of Jewish-Christian understanding
Jewish philosophical polemics against Christianity in the Middle Ages
Thomas Aquinas and Karl Barth : an unofficial Catholic-Protestant dialogue
Unified in hope : Arabs and Jews talk about peace : interviews
Religion, language and power
Thinking the divine in interreligious encounter
Ritual participation and interreligious dialogue : boundaries, transgressions, and innovations
The cosmic breath : spirit and nature in the Christianity-Buddhism-science trialogue
Out of Islam
Making all things new : dialogue, pluralism and evangelization in Asia
Islam in Asia : perspective for Christian-Muslim encounter : report of a consultation sponsored by the Lutheran World Federation and the World Alliance of Reformed Churches, Bangkok, June 11-15, 1991
Interreligious dialogue directory
Muslim perceptions of other religions : a historical survey
Monastic tradition in eastern christianity and the outside world : a call for dialogue
Hindu-Christian dialogue : perspectives and encounters
From Espoo to Paphos : the dialogue of the Orthodox Churches with the Lutheran World Federation (1981 - 2008)
Issues in contemporary Judaism
Auschwitz : contemporary Jewish and Christian encounters
The cross and the crescent : the dramatic story of the earliest encounters between Christians and Muslims
Covenant and hope : Christian and Jewish reflections : essays in constructive theology from the Institute for Theological Inquiry
Christian-Muslim dialogue : perspectives of four Lebanese thinkers
People of God, peoples of God : a Jewish-Christian conversation in Asia
Flourishing : why we need religion in a globalized world
Religious education as encounter : a tribute to John M. Hull
The Cambridge companion to the Trinity
Catholicism and interreligious dialogue
Mission in Christ's way : an Orthodox understanding of mission
Introducing theologies of religions
A wider vision : a history of the World Congress of Faiths 1936-1996
"Multi-faith worship"? : questions and suggestions from the inter-faith consultative group
Beyond dialogue : toward a mutual transformation of Christianity and Buddhism
Ministerial formation in a multifaith milieu : implications of interfaith dialogue for theological education
Jonathan Edwards confronts the gods : Christian theology, Enlightenment religion, and non-Christian faiths
Two traditions, one space : Orthodox Christians and Muslims in dialogue
The Bible and people of other faiths
Grounds for understanding : ecumenical resources for responses to religious pluralism
