http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p589 telemarketing
telemarketing
Barriers to the use of mobile sales force automation systems : a salesperson's perspective
""Anyone interested in the evolution of consumer behavior and the adoption of new technologies will appreciate the clarity of Martin's prose and the breadth of his vision."--Publishers Weekly"Marketing is ever-changing and The Third Screen mirrors the future of marketing. If you are new to mobile, this book makes sure you get it right!"--Jeffrey Hayzlett, best-selling author of The Mirror Test"Chuck Martin has more than all the facts. He has the soul of the idea. The Third Screen is thoughtful and valuable."--Chris Brogan, president, Human Business Works, co-author of Trust AgentsIn this fully updated new edition, Chuck Martin updates his essential marketing handbook for a rapidly evolving mobile marketplace. With more than one in every five people owning a smart phone or tablet worldwide, companies that fail to market to their ecommerce customers will be left behind. The book covers mobile video, SMS (text) messaging, location-based marketing, advertising and media, and inbound marketing and offers insightful case studies of top companies who are using these new platforms successfully.Chuck Martin is director of the Center for Media Research at MediaPost Communications, a research firm that analyzes the intentions of media buyers and planners. He is also CEO of Mobile Future Institute, a US-based think tank focused on marketing tactics for a world gone mobile. Martin is the author of eight business books, including the New York Times business bestseller The Digital Estate. He has appeared on CNN, CNBC, Fox, and ABC-TV News Now. "--
The rise and future of East Asia's economic progress and mobile phone vendor success : a linked phenomenon?
Communicating with customers
Direct marketing : a step-by-step guide to effective planning and targeting
Increasing sales in Tapiola's call centre
Knock your socks off prospecting : how to cold call, get qualified leads, and make more money
Art Sobczak's proven, never-experience-rejection-again system. Now in an updated 2nd Edition , it offers even smarter tips and techniques for prospecting new business while minimizing fear and rejection. While other books on cold calling dispense long-perpetuated myths such "prospecting is a numbers game," and salespeople need to "love rejection," this book will empower readers to take action, call prospects, and get a yes every time. Updated information reflects changes and advances in the information gathering that comprises the "smart" part of the calling Further enhances the value and credibility of the book by including more actual examples and success stories from readers and users of the first version Author Art Sobczak's monthly Prospecting and Selling Report newsletter (the longest-running publication of its type) reaches 15,000 readers, and Smart Calling continues to rank in the Top 20 in the Sales books category on amazon.com and has sold over 20,000 copies Conquer your fears and master the art of the cold calling through the genius of Smart Calling, 2nd Edition .
A quick start guide to mobile marketing : how to create a dynamic campaign and improve your competitive advantage
The SPIN selling fieldbook : practical tools, methods, exercises, and resources
Smart calling : eliminate the fear, failure, and rejection from cold calling
Abstract..
Selling by telephone : tested techniques to make every call count
Sales and operations planning at Nokia : product and solution modes
Cold calling techniques : (that really work!)
Management coaching : research on coaching Telesales
Telemarketing campaigns that work!
Red-hot cold call selling : prospecting techniques that really pay off
The third screen : the ultimate guide to mobile marketing
The direct marketing cookbook : a recipe for getting and keeping customers
Contemporary research in e-marketing. Volume 1
It's for you : telemarketing for arts organisations
Smart selling on the phone and online : inside sales that gets results
Selling : building partnerships
Telesales coaching : the ultimate guide to helping your inside sales team sell smarter, sell better and sell more
Analyzing the telesales strategies and identifying possibilities for improvement : the case of Sanoma Magazines Finland Oy
Hospitality sales and marketing
Study of customization elements and related processes in mobile devices
