http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5908 social theories
social theories societal theories
The open society and its enemies. Vol. 2, Hegel and Marx
From an examination of recent social and cultura theory and selected work on place and space by scholars of religion I draw together resources for the development of a spatial methodology for the study of religion. In order to identify the key elements of this methodology, I discuss relations between the body and space, the dimensions, properties and aspects of space, the "sacred" and sacralization. Consideration is given briefly to the application of a spatial approach, its strenths and weaknesses.
The social contract
Lesbian origins
Postcolonial thought and social theory
Between the norm and the exception : the Frankfurt School and the rule of law
More's Utopia and a dialogue of comfort
The portable Hannah Arendt
Abstract: The modern nation and missing genders.
Seven theories of human society
Equality, moral incentives, and the market : an essay in utopian politico-economic theory
The established and the outsiders
'This is a robust text - challenging and provocative and one which students will benefit from reading. Layder guides the reader through a large body of relevant literature. He draws attention to the strengths and weaknesses of particular approaches as he sees them and he is not afraid to offer his own judgements on the issues and problems he addresses' - Professor John Eldridge, University of Glasgow. This is a revised, updated and enlarged version of the accessible, authoritative first edition - a jargon-free textbook that provides an introduction to the core issues in social theory.
Information systems development as social action : frameworks and critical implications
The laws of social development
Environments, natures and social theory : towards a critical hybridity
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
The rise of social theory
Classes and the state
Rights
Weber and the Weberians
The eye of spirit : an integral vision for a world gone slightly mad
Systematics as normative holism
Postmodernism and social inquiry
Studies in revolution
The Sage handbook of governance
Axel Honneth : a critical theory of the social
Time and social theory
Social theory in popular culture
Sociological lives and ideas : an introduction to the classical theorists
Selected works of Deng Xiaoping : (1975-1982)
Did somebody say ideology? : on Slavoj Žižek and consequences
Psychoanalysis and social theory
Social theory
Capitalism, socialism and democracy
Reframing the social : emergentist systemism and social theory
Routledge international handbook of contemporary social and political theory
Fin de siècle social theory : relativism, reduction, and the problem of reason
Mutual aid : a factor of evolution
Transactions of the seventh World Congress of Sociology = Actes du septième Congrès Mondial de Sociologie : Varna, September 14-19, 1970. Volume 5, Leninism and theoretical problems of modern social development ; List of papers ; List of participants
Globalism, nationalism, tribalism : bringing theory back in
John Rawls : an introduction
Early modern concepts for a late modern world : Althusius on community and federalism
Feminist thought : desire, power, and academic discourse
Rhetoric as philosophy : the humanist tradition
A theory of political obligation : membership, commitment, and the bonds of society
The imaginary institution of society
The open society and its enemies. Vol. 1, The spell of Plato
Social theory : the multicultural and classic readings
Leviathan : or the matter, forme and power of a commonwealth ecclasiasticall and civil
Guns, germs, and steel : the fates of human societies
The restructuring of social and political theory
New insights on the role of ecology and life-history in social evolution
Pragmatism and social theory
The evolutionary theory of rules and the spontaneuos order
Introductory sociology
Concerning the city of God against pagans
On politics : [a history of political thought from Herodotus to the present]
Sex, ecology, spirituality : the spirit of evolution
The content of social explanation
Anthropology and social theory : culture, power, and the acting subject
Hannah Arendt : practice, thought and judgement
Leviathan
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Feminism and citizenship
Analytical and dialectical Marxism
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Social theory of modern societies : Anthony Giddens and his critics
Social science as civic discourse : essays on the invention, legitimation, and uses of social theory
Work, sex and power : the forces that shaped our history
Continuity and change in Russian and Soviet thought
Readings from Karl Marx
Gender, society and theory : the University of the Free State
Selected works of Liu Shaoqi. Vol. 1.
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Until recently, feminist theory and citizenship theory have seemed two distinct areas, with writers in both camps seldom discussing the other's work. Feminism and Citizenship challenges this silence, arguing for the need to collect the debates around citizenship and feminism. The author provides an original reflection on the key issues in political theory and advocates a unique feminist intervention into the sub-themes of citizenship including liberty, rights, social equality, political identity, political representation, and political judgment. Rian Voet moves to develop a feminist notion of citizenship by critically discussing citizenship theories and sub-themes, and identifying rudimentary feminist theories of citizenship. However, unlike most feminist texts that insist political theory takes feminism and gender more seriously, Voet emphasizes that feminist theory should reflect more seriously on citizenship.
The new world of Henri Saint-Simon
Contemporary social theory : an introduction
Back to sociological theory : the construction of social orders
Marxism and social theory
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
Planning theory and philosophy
For Robert Cooper : collected work
Risk : a sociological theory
The managerial revolution : what is happening in the world?
Pragmatism and European social theory
Social theory : a historical introduction
Minima Moralia : reflections from damaged life
Essential concepts in sociology
This explains everything : deep, beautiful and elegant theories of how the world works
On human conduct
"ACSM's Health/Fitness Facility Standards and Guidelines" presents the current standards and guidelines that help health and fitness establishments provide high-quality service and programme offerings in a safe environment. This fourth edition includes new standards and guidelines for pre-activity screening, orientation, education and supervision. A key benefit to the new edition is that it will assist health and fitness facility managers, owners and staff in keeping to a standard of operation, client care and service that will assist members and users in caring for their health through safe and appropriate exercise experiences.
Social geography : a reader
Political thinking, political theory, and civil society
The postmodern and political agency
The media and the academic globalization debate : theoretical analysis and critique
The social contract and discourses
The porcelain workshop : for a new grammar of politics
Ideology after poststructuralism
Social theory today
Handbook of the life course. Volume II
Social theory : its situation and its task : a critical introduction to Politics, a work in constructive social theory
Bourdieusian prospects
The marriage of sense and soul : integrating science and religion
Perspectives on Habermas
Logological investigations. Vol. 1, Reflexivity and the crisis of Western reason
The open society and its enemies. Volume I : The spell of Plato
A guide to modern politics
Explanation and social theory
Social geography : an introduction to contemporary issues
Social theory and the urban question
Social theory and modern sociology
Understanding Foucault
Culture and agency : the place of culture in social theory
The ecstasy of communication
Complete A-Z sociology handbook
Reconstructing development theory : international inequality, institutional reform and social emancipation
Nationalism, social theory and Durkheim
Roots of realism
Social dialetics. Vol. 1, Civilisations and social theory
Revolution and counter-revolution
Building on the success of the 2003 Handbook of the Life Course, this second volume identifies future directions for life course research and policy. The introductory essay and the chapters that make up the five sections of this book, show consensus on strategic "next steps" in life course studies. These next steps are explored in detail in each section: Section I, on life course theory, provides fresh perspectives on well-established topics, including cohorts, life stages, and legal and regulatory contexts. It challenges life course scholars to move beyond common individualistic paradigms. Section II highlights changes in major institutional and organizational contexts of the life course. It draws on conceptual advances and recent empirical findings to identify promising avenues for research that illuminate the interplay between structure and agency. It examines trends in family, school, and workplace, as well as contexts that deserve heightened attention, including the military, the criminal justice system, and natural and man-made disaster. The remaining three sections consider advances and suggest strategic opportunities in the study of health and development throughout the life course. They explore methodological innovations, including qualitative and three-generational longitudinal research designs, causal analysis, growth curves, and the study of place. Finally, they show ways to build bridges between life course research and public policy.
Modern theories of exploitation
The political institution of private property
Normative theories of society and government in five medieval thinkers : St. Augustine, John of Salisbury, Giles of Rome, St. Thomas Aquinas, and Marsilius of Padua
Lewis Mumford : public intellectual
Modern social theory
The triangular relationship between the social, the political and the cultural has opened up social and political theory to new challenges. The social can no longer be reduced to the category of society, and the political extends beyond the traditional concerns of the nature of the state and political authority. This Handbook will address a range of issues that have recently emerged from the disciplines of social and political theory, focusing on key themes as opposed to schools of thought or major theorists. It is divided into three sections which address: the most influential theoretical traditions that have emerged from the legacy of the twentieth century the most important new and emerging frameworks of analysis today the major theoretical problems in recent social and political theory. The Routledge International Handbook of Contemporary Social and Political Theory encompasses the most up-to-date developments in contemporary social and political theory, and as such is an essential research tool for both undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers, working in the fields of political theory, social and political philosophy, contemporary social theory, and cultural theory.
From the soil : the foundations of Chinese society : a translation of Fei Xiaotong's Xiangtu Zhongguo
Hole in the middle? : the problem of the enterpreneurial middle class in Anthony Giddens's theory of class structuration
The Giddens reader
Human behavior and the social environment : social systems theory
Frameworks of power
Ape to Apollo : aesthetics and the idea of race in the 18th century
The logics of social sctructure
Agency and organization : towards an organizational theory of society
The human nature debate : social theory, social policy and the caring professions
Analyses of historical and future problems of sustainable development : research articles in spatial sustainability analysis, planning and evaluation
Identity and authority : explorations in the theory of society
Introducing social theory
Culture and materialism : selected essays
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Lesbian feminism has often been scorned as a marginal political dogma. Susan Cavin, a lesbian feminist sociologist, advances a new theory of women's oppression and women's liberation, based on cross-cultural data. She holds that original human societies were woman-centered, with females greatly outnumbering males; men occupied a marginal position. When armed men overthrew women's societies they integrated themselves into society, breaking women's power. "Female sexuality is the material content, the womb of social forms, and female sexuality is what turns society on," writes Cavin. "Men cannot make social forms without a female population base; but women can make social forms without a male base."
André Gorz : a critical introduction
Aesop's anthropology : a multispecies approach
Developments in marxist sociological theory : modern social problems and theory
Political philosophies
Theorizing empire
How do we understand violence? The majority of explanations available are often reductive because violence combines different aspects, from gratuitous violence to extreme cruelty. This work outlines a more complex view, which does not omit to describe any features of violence and presents a paradigm for understanding this phenomenon.
The Gift and its paradoxes : beyond Mauss
Libertarian communism
Social theory and psychoanalysis in transition : self and society from Freud to Kristeva
Public relations and social theory : key figures and concepts
The social lens : an invitation to social and sociological theory
Political ideas and concepts : an introduction
Reflections on empire
Market, state and community : theoretical foundations of market socialism
Spatial theory and method for the study of religion
The contemporary Bauman
Language of power : towards a semiological theory in social sciences
Evolution and society : a study in Victorian social theory
Political philosophy : the essential texts
The open society and its enemies
Social class and stratification
Social theory : the multicultural, global, and classic readings
A natural science of society
Readings in social theory : the classic tradition to post-modernism
The theory toolbox : critical concepts for the humanities, arts, and social sciences
Politics, sociology and social theory : encounters with classical and contemporary social thought
Community and association
This book is a review of some of the main variations of feminist theorizing since 1970. It charts the ways in which feminist thought has reconfigured the relationship between desire, power and academic discourse. It shows how feminist theorists have profoundly challenged the assumptions of social science, freely crossing disciplinary boundaries and giving shape to a new social criticism concerned not only with sexual difference, but also with the differences of race, class, ethnicity, nationality and sexuality.
History and social theory
The Polity reader in social theory
Hegel : three studies
Violence : a new approach
Sleep. Volume I, Sleep and social theory
Social theories of risk
Social theory and political practice : Wolfson College lectures 1981
Les Icariens : the utopian dream in Europe and America
Educational leadership and Michel Foucault
The problem of order : what unites and divides society
Chinese Marxism in flux 1978-84 : essays on epistemology, ideology and political economy
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Contemporary social and sociological theory : visualizing social worlds
On Deng Xiaoping thought
Simulation and social theory
Bringing social theory and philosophy to bear on popular movies, novels, myths, and fairy tales, The Gift and its Paradoxes explores the ambiguity of the gift: it is at once both a relation and a thing, alienable and inalienable, present and poison. Challenging the nature of giving as reciprocal, the book engages critically with the work of Mauss and develops a new theory of the gift according to which the gift cannot be reduced to a model of exchange, but must instead entail a loss or sacrifice. Ultimately, the gift is examined in the book as the impossible occurrence of gratuitous giving. In addition to exploring the conditions of possibility and impossibility of the gift, the book draws on the thought of figures such as Derrida, Serres, Simmel, Cixous, Irigaray and Heidegger to argue for the relevance of the phenomenon of the gift to broader issues in contemporary social sciences. It takes up questions concerning the constitution of community and the processes by which people are included in or excluded from it, gender relations, materiality, the economy, and the possibility that death itself could be a gift, in the form of euthanasia or self-sacrifice.A rigorous yet accessible examination of the phenomenon of the gift in relation to a range of contemporary concerns, The Gift and its Paradoxes will appeal to scholars and students within sociology, philosophy, anthropology, political theory and film and literature studies.
Sociological theory
GIS in the classroom : using geographic information systems in social studies and environmental science
Feminist thought : a more comprehensive introduction
The limits of state action
Connected sociologies
Mandeville and Hume : anatomists of civil society
Bereft of Reason : On the Decline of Social Thought and Prospects for Its Renewal
Realism : restatements and renewal
Understanding social theory
