http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p590 direct marketing
direct marketing
"This book educates readers on how to meet online advertising and Internet marketing challenges for both present and future tactics"--
Direct and database marketing
When it comes to the way business is carried out online, the earth beneath our feet is shifting right now - and shifting quickly. The one-size-fits-all approach is fast becoming obsolete. More and more businesses are learning that the more they tailor-make the messages they put on their sites, as well as how they interact with every single user, the more satisfied customers get - and the more they earn.
Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : Case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future.
The marketing book
Guerrilla marketing and joint ventures : million dollar partnering strategies for growing any business in any economy
Directory of international direct and e-marketing : a country-by-country sourcebook of providers, legislation and data
Entrepreneur magazine : guide to integrated marketing
Tourism and hospitality marketing
Successful direct marketing methods
The hard sell : an ethnographic study of the direct selling industry
"A real-world guide to mobile marketing from the head of digital initiatives at Saatchi & Saatchi worldwideThe future of marketing is mobile, with seventy-five percent of the world's population having access to a mobile phone and the average American spending 82 minutes per day using her phone for activities other than talking. To traditional marketers unfamiliar with the special challenges of mobile marketing, this territory feels complicated and even frightening. Mobile Magic provides a bird's-eye view of the process of creating great mobile marketing from one of the world's most experienced and successful practitioners"--
Abstract.
Optimizing the new business process : case: Adjouri: Brand consultants GmbH Finland department
Cold calling techniques : (that really work!)
Direct selling : from door to door network marketing
The engaged customer : the new rules of Internet direct marketing
Customer relationship management process : case: Raxco Finland Oy = Asiakkuudenhallintaprosessit
Elements of direct marketing
Marketing for dummies
Online advertising and promotion : modern technologies for marketing
Marketing for tourism
Ask : the counterintuitive online formula to discover exactly what your customers want to buy ... create a mass of raving fans ... and take any business to the next level
Direct and interactive marketing
Beyond 2000 : the future of direct marketing
Mobile magic : the Saatchi and Saatchi guide to mobile marketing
Response : the complete guide to profitable direct marketing
Building and maintaining a European direct marketing database
Marketing and Facebook : how fashion companies promote themselves on Facebook
Persuasive direct marketing : here's what you say and how you write it!
Annual editions : marketing 06/07
Convergence marketing : combining brand and direct marketing for unprecedented profits
Customer satisfaction research : case: DT Dealer's
Strategies for implementing integrated marketing communications
Profitable direct marketing
The man who sold America : the amazing (but true!) story of Albert D. Lasker and the creation of the advertising century
The role of direct marketing methods in the self-storage business : Case: Pelican Self Storage Finland
Econometric models in marketing
NetMarketing : how your business can profit from the online revolution
Strategic integrated marketing communication : theory and practice
Successful e-mail marketing strategies : from hunting to farming
Business marketing : connecting strategy, relationships and learning
Database marketing : the ultimate marketing tool
Promotional tools of Internet : a starting point for energizing Finnish golfers to create traffic
Marketing automation : practical steps to more effective direct marketing
Startup guide to guerrilla marketing : a simple battle plan for first-time marketers
Role of mobile marketing in integrated marketing communications
Data driven marketing for dummies
Design for response : creative direct marketing that works
Business-to-business marketing : a strategic approach
Implementation of a mobile marketing campaign : a case study
Advertising and promotion : an integrated marketing communications perspective
Strategic database marketing : the masterplan for starting and managing a profitable, custom-based marketing program
Marketing : real people, real choices
Marketing : an introductory text
Marketing on the Internet : marketing, selling, business resources on the Internet
Gravitational marketing : the science of attracting customers
Buzz : real-life lessons in word-of-mouth marketing
Guerrilla marketing on the Internet : the complete guide to making money on-line
Online Marketing Handbook for Emerging Jewelry Importer: Case Divina Katalina
Mobile marketing communications in consumer markets
Digital direct marketing in the context of politics
Internet direct mail : the complete guide to successful e-mail marketing campaigns
Foundation marketing
Marketing communications : an European perspective
It's for you : telemarketing for arts organisations
The Dartnell Sales Promotion Handbook
Viral marketing : get your audience to do your marketing for you
Commonsense direct marketing
Telesales coaching : the ultimate guide to helping your inside sales team sell smarter, sell better and sell more
Designing a brochure for Promora Ltd
The New Direct Marketing : how to implement a profit-driven database marketing strategy
Abstract: Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : Case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future. The purpose of this thesis was to examine a Finnish/Spanish real estate agency Valkea Marina's marketing communications. The research was designed to identify the type of marketing communications Valkea Marina utilises, to discover whether those marketing communications strategies have been profitable, and to analyse ways Valkea Marina can improve its marketing communications in order to increase profits. The research was conducted in two dimensions: secondary research and primary research. The former included research of a large variety of marketing communications literature concerning theories about buyer behaviour, marketing communications planning, and different marketing communications tools such as personal selling, public relations and direct marketing. The latter included designing a survey for Valkea Marina's clients and interviewing the owner of the company in order to compare the results together and to find out areas of improvement. This study revealed that Valkea Marina has been using mostly personal selling, direct marketing and public relations as its marketing communications and it has been able to reach clients. However, this study found out that Valkea Marina's marketing communications lacked consistency and their website did not offer enough information for their customers. The company was advised to create a marketing communications plan, which would enhance their marketing communications by providing thorough and uniform guidelines for the personnel.
The next step in database marketing : Consumer Guided Marketing : privacy for your customers, record profits for you
Combining e-mail marketing with telemarketing in B2B direct marketing : case study: EcoTelematics and NaviFleet
Online marketing handbook : how to sell, advertise, publisize, and promote your products and services on the Internet and commercial online systems
Integrated marketing communications : a primer
Online marketing of a recording artist
Abstract: Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs. The main objective of this dissertation was to analyze general attitudes consumers have towards mobile direct marketing, when it is executed by some company whose loyalty program they are involved in. The study was then investigating the level of interest towards such advertising. The research was based on a mix of qualitative and quantitative research, and an online survey of 94 individuals from different age groups and professions was conducted for data collection purposes. The research aimed at giving generalized view of the consumers' reaction to the topic and suggestions on how this information could be used by any company planning on incorporating mobile direct marketing to their loyalty programs. A critical review of relevant secondary data was carried out to get insight on consumer behavior, when it comes to loyalty programs and mobile direct marketing. The literature review discusses in general terms of the topic related concepts of marketing and consumer behavior, and finishes with introducing the different uses and types of mobile direct marketing. This information gave the basis for primary research. Results of the research placed some of the theory of secondary data under consideration, and further recommendation for research would therefore be focusing on viral activity related to loyalty program messages as well as realization of paid-for ordering service. Limitations of research include the absence of a commissioner, which affects the reliability of the primary research results.
Direct and digital marketing in practice
Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future
Direct mail communications : a special issue of direct mail developing better communications
The mobile marketing handbook : a step-by-step guide to creating dynamic mobile marketing campaigns
Principles of advertising : a global perspective
Making waves
The new integrated direct marketing
The fundamentals and practice of marketing
Principles of direct, database & digital marketing
Telemarketing campaigns that work!
Media network consumer survey : case: Come&Stay Finland Oy
Mobile magic : the Saatchi & Saatchi guide to mobile marketing
Introduction to Internet marketing
Marketing : principles and practice
"A real-world guide to mobile marketing from the head of digital initiatives at Saatchi & Saatchi worldwide. The future of marketing is mobile, with seventy-five percent of the world's population having access to a mobile phone and the average American spending 82 minutes per day using her phone for activities other than talking. To traditional marketers unfamiliar with the special challenges of mobile marketing, this territory feels complicated and even frightening. Mobile magic provides a bird's-eye view of the process of creating great mobile marketing from one of the world's most experienced and successful practitioners"--
The complete idiot's guide to direct marketing
Direct selling methods : comparing reward systems and products
The objective of this thesis is to find pros and cons for combining e-mail marketing with telemarketing in business-to-business direct marketing. This topic is current because more and more businesses want to properly use this combination but have no skills of doing it successfully. One of the example company is EcoTelematics Group, for whom this thesis has been written for. However, due to the general level of the content other businesses struggling with the same issues can find help from it as well. The research started with understanding fully the concepts behind e-mail marketing and telemarketing. It was important to study them in separate in order to formulate an accurate research framework. Additionally, it was also noticed that not many studies about this specific combination have been conducted in the past. This leads to the fact that, whatever the outcome of this thesis will be, it will provide something new to the area of direct marketing. The actual research was done by conducting qualitative in-depth interviews. There were 10 of them in total and the interviewees were divided into 2 separate groups. First, the company side or the sender side (like called in this thesis) was interviewed in order to understand why they use the combination of e-mail marketing and telemarketing. Nevertheless, this was not enough because the opinions of the customers or receivers (like called in this thesis) were crucial for the success of the combination. Due to this reason, both of the sides were interviewed for comprehending the process of sending and receiving e-mails and telemarketing calls. The outcomes of this thesis were interesting. The company side and the customer side (or senders and receivers) agreed on many things, like the shortness of the e-mail messages and telemarketing calls and the effectiveness of the combination, but there were many found differences as well. The order of the process was most likely to be the biggest, because companies preferred to start with e-mail and then continue with telemarketing, whereas customers liked being contacted first by phone and then receive e-mail.
The handbook of international direct marketing : an essential country-by-country guide and directory
Marketing communications : interactivity, communities and content
The complete guide to direct marketing
Marketing communications in B2B companies : The roles of marketing communication tools in the digital age
Pros and Cons when Combining E-mail Marketing with Telemarketing in Business-to-Business Direct Marketing
Different marketing channels used for marketing Finland as a tourism destination in Germany
The eng@ged customer : the new rules of Internet direct marketing
Marketing management : an Asian perspective
Successful, low-cost direct marketing methods : [a handbook of highly effective marketing and direct marketing methods]
Introduction to mobile advertising : how to setup, create and manage ads for mobile telephones
Guerrilla marketing for consultants : breakthrough tactics for winning profitable clients
Alan Tapp’s successful text has long been a leading authority on direct marketing, and for this fifth edition he is joined by Ian Whitten and Matthew Housden for the most up-to-date book yet. The authors all bring great expertise across direct, database and digital marketing to provide comprehensive, compelling coverage of the key theory and debates of the fields.
Direct marketing
Marketing communications management : concepts and theories, cases and practices
The ultimate marketing plan : find your hook, communicate your message, mark your mark
Integrated direct marketing : [the cutting-edge strategy for synchronizing advertising, direct mail, telemarketing and field sales]
Web marketing : all-in-one for dummies
Principles of marketing
Marketing : made simple
Multilevel marketing as a distribution option : an exploration of the nature and the possibilities
Personalization process in mobile marketing : a case study
The service dominant logic of marketing : literature review and similarities with business-to-business marketing
Advertising creative : strategy, copy + design
Understanding marketing : expert solutions to everyday challenges
The new rules of marketing : how to use one-to-one relationship marketing to be the leader in your industry
How to market books : the essential guide to maximizing profit and exploiting all channels to market
Guerrilla marketing on the Internet : the definitive guide from the father of guerrilla marketing
Direct marketing : an integrated approach
Analysis of attitudes towards mobile direct marketing directed to consumers involved in loyalty programs
Direct marketing study : an analysis of face to face selling
Principles of direct and database marketing
Ultimate guide to direct marketing : how to deliver the right message to the right target for the best result
Guerrilla marketing for dummies
Direct response graphics : the best print and electronic direct mail marketings
Promotion in connection to forestry publications
Pierce the fog of mobile service and advertising adoption
The direct marketing cookbook : a recipe for getting and keeping customers
Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs.
Guerrilla marketing for job-hunters : 400 unconventional tips, tricks and tactics for landing your dream job
Actors in the e-mail direct marketing business in Finland
International direct marketing : principles, best practices, marketing facts
