http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5916 duration
duration
The household decision making process in replacement of durable goods
Partial unemployment insurance benefits and the transition rate to regular work
Fatigue damage accumulation of a high performance thermoplastic reinforced with carbon fibers
Summer schedule of some subarctic passerine birds with reference to postnuptial moult
Disparity in occupational training and career planning between contingent and permanent employees
Design-relevant characteristics of ageing users : backgrounds and guidelines for product innovation
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
Post-unemployment wages and economic incentives to exit from unemployment
Objects of desire : design and society 1750-1980
Prosthetic joint infections of the hip and knee : treatment and predictors of treatment outcomes
20 vuotta kestopuuta = 20 år av träimpregnering = 20 years of impregnated wood = 20 Jahre imprägniertes Holtz
Engineering thermoplastics : polycarbonates, polyacetals, polyesters, cellulose esters
The effect of receiving supplementary UI benefits on unemployment duration
Short-term leaders should make long-term appointments
Cumulative inertia or cumulative stress? Migration behaviour of Finnish graduates
Job tenure in Finnish industry
Summary.
Durable goods and household saving ratios in the euro area
The effect of unemployment benefits on re-employment rates : evidence from the Finnish UI-benefit reform
Household fuel and garbage combustion, street vending activities and adverse pregnancy outcomes:evidence from urban Ghana
New Technology and Optimization of Mobile Phone Battery
Gasification of waste preserved wood impregnated with toxic inorganic an/or organic chemicals : gasification tests with impregnated waste wood at the 5 MW Jalasjärvi gasification plant
Client characteristics and therapist style : a combined analysis of impact on retention and  effectiveness in outpatient substance abuse treatment
Newborns' discrimination of durational changes in phonemes and tones : an event-related brain potential study
A history of industrial design
Market survey for environmental technology : case: Ekomuovi Oy
Jaakko Saviranta - talousmaantieteen monitaituri = Jaakko Saviranta - an economic geographer with many interests
Segmental length in Finnish : studies within a constraint-based approach
Abstract (s. 7).
Sick leave prescribing practices in Finland
The measurement of durable goods prices
Polymer reaction engineering
Programming of statistic system for swimming pools
Practical software project estimation : a toolkit for estimating software development effort & duration
Composite solutions : thermosets and thermoplastics
Word form frequency and phone durations in Finnish informal dialogue
Duration of untreated psychosis : association with clinical and social outcomes and brain morphology in schizophrenia
A comparative survey of structural characteristics of Finnish university departments
Self-employment duration in urban and rural locations
Kuvan jälkeen : [kokoelmat : Nykytaiteen museo Kiasma, 11.1.2008- 11.1.2009] = Image and after : [collection : Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma, Helsinki, 11.1.2008- 11.1.2009] / [toimittaja = editor: Eija Aarnio ; toimituskunta = editorial staff: Leevi Haapala, Inkamaija Iitiä, Alina Mänttäri, Marja Sakari]
Segmental durations of speech
Perception and learning of Finnish quantity : study in children with reading disabilities and familial risk for dyslexia and Russian second-language learners
Abstract: A teacher as an improver of overall well-being in school : how teacher in upper secondary education regulate their dialogue and authenticity.
College student retention : formula for student success
Patient suitability for short-term and long-term psychotherapy
Categorial perception of quantity
Properties of PP/PP-g-MA blends, PP/mica and PP/PVB/mica composites
The effects of marriage partners' socio-economic positions on the risk of divorce in Finland
Studies on unemployment duration and on the gender wage gap
Plastic coating of plywood using extrusion technique
Engineering plastics handbook
Handbook of polyethylene : structures, properties, and applications
Longer careers? : the Veto Programme indicators
Injection moulded thermoplastic elastomer : metal hybrids
The Realisation of Prominence in Three Varieties of Standard Spoken Finnish
Perennial weeds are an increasing challenge in organic farming in the Nordic countries. The aim of this study was to compare different tillage methods in the control of Elymus repens by using two intensified bare fallow strategies. Two field experiments consisted of three ploughing methods and seven fallow methods. The experiments were carried out in organic soils in Central Finland. The methods applied in the brief fallow before cereal sowing (exp. 1) were not effective enough against E. repens. Due to wet weather conditions in the spring the fallow period was limited to two weeks in both years, which did not seem to be enough time. In the late summer fallow after ley (exp. 2), the Kvick-Finn weed-cultivator destroyed E. repens very effectively; on average 5% of E. repens remained alive in the barley crop in the autumn of the following year. After use of ordinary cultivators 10% of E. repens remained alive, after use of the spade harrow 25% and after frequent mowing over 50% remained alive, respectively. As a result of effective E. repens control, barley yield was about 1000 kg ha-1 higher than without any fallow. In conclusion, effective control of E. repens is achieved with proper machinery and repeated treatments at the optimal time.
Students and studying in higher education in Finland
Retention and student success in higher education
Parental influences and mothers' experiences on infant and young child feeding
Unemployment Duration and Business Cycles in Finland
Re-employment of Finnish unemployed workers
Ageing of composites
Extraction of additives from polystyrene and subsequent analysis
How value and trust influence loyalty in wireless telecommunications industry
Determinants of unemployment duration over the business cycle in Finland
Role of pre-production in shortening time-to-volume of new products
Modelling strike duration distribution : a controlled Wiener process approach
Objects in time : studies of persistence in B-time
Abstract (1 s.).
Journey time and occupancy characteristics of the Helsinki metropolitan public transport system
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Restorative treatment practices and dentist-related factors
Energy efficiency is a powerful measure for promoting sustainability in technological evolution and ensuring feasible battery life of end-user devices in mobile computing. Peer-to-peer technology provides decentralized and self-organizing architecture for distributing content between devices in networks that scale up almost infinitely. However, peer-to-peer networking may require lots of resources from peer nodes, which in turn may lead to increased energy consumption on mobile devices. For this reason, peer-to-peer networking has so far been considered unfeasible for mobile environment. This thesis makes several contributions towards enabling energy-aware peer-to-peer networking in mobile environments. First, an empirical study is conducted to understand the energy consumption characteristics of radio interfaces and typical composition of traffic in structured peer-to-peer networks. This is done in order to identify the most essential obstacles for utilizing peer-to-peer technology in mobile environments. Second, the e-Aware model for estimating the energy consumption of a mobile device is developed and empirically verified to achieve 3-21% error in comparison to real-life measurements. Third, the e-Mon model for the energy-aware load monitoring of peer nodes is developed and demonstrated to improve the battery life of mobile peer nodes up to 470%. Fourth, the ADHT concept of mobile agent based virtual peers is proposed for sharing the peer responsibilities between peer nodes in a subnet so that they can participate in a peer-to-peer overlay without compromising their battery life.The results give valuable insight into implementing energy-efficient peer-to-peer systems in mobile environments. The e-Aware energy consumption model accelerates the development of energy-efficient networking solutions by reducing the need for time-consuming iterations between system development and evaluations with real-life networks and devices. The e-Mon load monitoring model facilitates the participation of battery-powered devices in peer-to-peer and other distributed networks by enabling energy-aware load balancing where energy-critical mobile nodes carry less load than other nodes. The ADHT facilitates the participation of constrained-capacity wireless devices, such as machine-to-machine nodes, in a peer-to-peer network by allowing them to sleep for most of their time.
Thermoplastic foam extrusion : an introduction
Duration of untreated psychosis:association with clinical and social outcomes and brain morphology in schizophrenia
Development[s] in short-term care : breaks and opportunities
Assessing the bias of the cross section measure of unemployment duration : an empirical example
An Ab initio study for thermal degradation of polycarbonate
Contingent work : American employment relations in transition
Methods in empirical prosody research
Essays on unemployment duration and programme evalution
Should unemployment benefits decrease as the unemployment spell lengthens?
The expansion of higher education and time-consistent taxation
Intensifying bare fallow strategies to control Elymus repens in organic soils
Thermoplastic foam processing : principles and applications
Controlled replication of patterned polymer and nanocomposite surfaces for micro-optical applications
Term length and the quality of appointments
Microeconometric studies on unemployment and business cycles
Equilibrium unemployment duration in an urn-ball model of the labour market
Energy-efficient peer-to-peer networking for constrained-capacity mobile environments
Essays on wages, job tenure and unemployment duration in the Finnish labour market
Attention and time
Cortical representations for phonological quantity
Thermoplastic elastomers : a comprehensive review
Transferability of human capital and job switches
Auditory duration discrimination in children with reading disorder, attention deficit or both
Duration of farrowing is longer in sows housed in crates than in pens
Abstract: The time and duration of the postnuptial moult in 11 passerine species in Finnish Lapland in 1970 is reported. The relationship between breeding, moulting, and migration is discussed. Partial overlap between breeding and the moult was observed, but not between the moult and migration.
Intrinsic timing and quantity in Finnish
Unemployment benefit system and unemployment duration in Finland
Essays on labor market dynamics
Careers of managers, comparison between ICT and paper business sectors
