http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5919 Wild West
Wild West
Trace takes a hand
The American west : an illustrated history
The American West : visions and revisions
Arfive
The Bluefeet are coming
The illustrated directory of the Old West
Whole cowboy catalog : An entertaining guide to everything western
Deadlands : reloaded player's guide
The Grand Duke
The case of the deadly desperados
Late for Gettysburg
The tall men
Roughing it
Dive into historic photographs of the American Wild West, colorized to show what that world might have really looked like in living color!The lure of the American West has been a driving force in the American experience. Originally the stuff of dreams, dime novels, and Wild West shows, the fascination continued in motion pictures such as The Great Train Robbery, High Noon, The Magnificent Seven, the so-called spaghetti westerns of Clint Eastwood, and hundreds more. Whether through the appeal of wide-open spaces, the control of our own destiny, or just the desire for a better life, the American West still strikes a chord that resonates within.Following the Civil War and Reconstruction, the country expanded westward ready to grow--and grow it did.The evocative landscapes of these unexplored lands were recorded by a number of excellent photographers: John C. H. Grabill; Edward S. Curtis; John K. Hillers; and Timothy O'Sullivan, the famed Civil War photographer. Many of their striking images survive and continue to inspire us today.These iconic and incredibly evocative photographs from another era capture the reality and immediacy of that time and only require the careful addition of color to make them far more accessible, believable, and meaningful to present-day readers. The American West in Color includes over 200 of the best black-and-white photographs from that time, fully colorized to bring this lost world back to life! It offers a new glimpse into a period of the American experience that has inspired countless books, motion pictures, and stories--a time that continues to resonate and inspire us to the present day.
The solitary woman of Shakespeare
The west is growing day by day, and you’re looking to stake your claim. To win, you have to gamble your relationships with the most powerful bosses in town to win influence. This influence comes in many forms: law, money and force. If you’re clever enough, you’ll be able to take claim over the buildings in the ever growing boomtowns and gain powerful abilities. At the end of the day, the boss who has the best combination of wit and bluff will become the most powerful tycoon in the Wild wild west.
The rogue
Silent hill : Past life
The sheriff of Silver Bow
Victorian lady on the Texas frontier : the journal of Ann Raney Coleman
Doomtown : reloaded
Deadlands : reloaded Marshal's handbook
The Western
Calamity Jane : her life and her legend
Sagas of the Smoky-Water : true stories reflecting historical aspects of the Missouri-Yellowstone Confluence Region : 1805-1910
The gunfighters
The real west
Carnival games : Wild West 3D : Nintendo 3DS
Creek Mary's blood
Clair Huffaker's profiles of the American West
Indians of the Northwest
Last go round
A history of Calamity Jane : our country's first liberated woman
Indian & scenes of the southwest
The californios
Pictorial history of the Wild West : a true account of the bad men, desperadoes, rustlers and outlaws of the old west - and the men who fought them to establish law and order
Apache : the first death
"It's your misfortune and none of my own" : a new history of the American West
Yellowhorse
Contemporary western design : high-style furniture & interiors
The first cowboy and those who followed
Hoofbeats of destiny : the story of the Pony Express' critical role in holding the West "for the Union" during the intrigues of "Secesh" and teh Confederacy's campaign to steal all of the United States of America west of the Mississippi River
It came from the late, late, late show. 2, The exploitation sequel : Demonna's revenge
Cowboy
Rails on the prairie
The gunfighters : the authentic wild West
The bluefeet are coming!
Tying the knot
The cowboy : representations of labor in an American work culture
Wondrous times on the frontier
The weird, weird West
From where the sun now stands
Streets of Laredo
The cowboys
The bounty hunter
The glorious West
The wild west
American legends of the Wild West
Men to match my mountains : the opening of the Far West, 1840-1900
Deadlands reloaded : the weird west
The American heritage book of the pioneer spirit
THE REAL WEST
Gus & his gang
Cowboys : of the Americas
Darrow's gamble
The saga of the buffalo
They came to Cordura
Main-travelled roads
Dead irons
Call of Juarez : bound in blood : PC DVD-ROM
The good, the bad, and the Munchkin
The Hollywood Western : 90 years of cowboys and indians, train robbers, sheriffs and gunslingers..
The Pimlico encyclopedia of western gunfighters
Journey into jeopardy
Tiny epic western
The day of the cowboy
Cowboy style
The last of the mountain men
The wild west in color : a photographic account of our nation's westward expansion
The Daily Star
The phantom strikes
