http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5918 problem-based learning
problem-based learning
Bringing problem-based learning to higher education : theory and practice
Chronic Wound Care: A Problem-Based Learning Approach
Handbook of enquiry and problem-based learning : Irish case studies and international perspectives
Students experiences on problem-based learning
Entrepreneurship is increasingly being included as a component in higher education and training curriculum internationally. This paper introduces a multidisciplinary studio model, called LAB studio model, for higher education established at the Oulu University of Applied Sciences (OUAS) in Finland. This LAB studio model is theoretically grounded in a constructivist view of learning with problem-based education at its core and draws from traditional studio models for training (Schön, 1987). Furthermore, the model merges work-life experience with studio training in a multidisciplinary and multi-professional environment. Using the categories outlined by Bull et al. (2013), this paper compares existing studio training models with the LAB studio model. This comparison suggests that the LAB studio model is more closely aligned with industry needs and work place reality, in contrast to existing studio models, because it focuses on instruction in a competitive structure; integrates experienced professionals and coaches from the industry; includes problems or ideas from industry; and builds multidisciplinary project teams. Overall, it is suggested that the LAB studio model holds promise to more fully integrate entrepreneurial competences in contrast to existing training models. Further research is currently being conducted to explore this hypothesis.
Learning with cases
Portraits of PBL : a cross-faculty comparison of students' experiences of problem-based learning
What is the problem? : the meaning of problem in problem-based learning context : towards problem-aware students
Teaching design and technology
"Eu não sou um professor, sou um Educador" : Finnish education meets Brazilian creativity
Team challenges : 170+ group activities to build cooperation, communication, and creativity
Project-based learning in the degree programme in international business at the Jyväskylä Polytecnic : providing a framework for exploiting individual, group and organizational learning opportunities
Pedagogical manuscript for landscape ecology course
Interactionistic perspective on student teacher development during problem-based teaching practice
Designing and implementing a PBL course on educational digital video production : lessons learned from a design-based research
Who regulates student-regulated learning? : Architectural design studio as learning environment
Small group teaching : tutorials, seminars and beyond
Wicked world : the spirit of wicked problems in the field of higher education
Thinking toward solutions : problem-based learning activities for general biology : student's manual
Using PBL-tutorials in university mathematics
Problem solving as a teaching method in mathematics education
Design and technology in primary school classrooms : developing tearchers' perspectives and practices
Utilizing science projects that are problem based : problem-based learning
The complete facilitator's handbook
Tracing the roles of the PBL tutor : A journey of learning
Learning and knowing at work : professional growth as a tutor
Negotiating interdiscursivity in a problem-based learning tutorial site
Computer-supported problem-based learning in the research methodology domain
Holistic and inquiry-based education for sustainable development in chemistry
Developing context-based assessment within the framework of problem-based learning
Web-based English language simulation : a case study
Problem-based curricula : theory, development and design
Problem-based learning : educational innovation across disciplines : a collection of selected papers
A practical guide to problem-based learning online
This book is a complete introduction for all educators who want to understand the techniques, theories and methods of teaching today. It explores the issues that underpin teaching, offering fresh insights with a broad multidisciplinary perspective. It will help teachers at all levels to understand the techniques that they can call upon at different times and situations, and will help to develop more effective teaching practice. This fully updated second edition contains new material on e-moderating and its implications for teaching theory, issues surrounding discipline, and the ethical dimensions of teaching. "The Theory and Practice of Teaching" will be of interest to anyone wanting to develop a deep understanding of the key themes and latest developments in teaching, and is an ideal companion volume to "The Theory and Practice of Learning."
Problem-based learning has become a significant part of nursing education during the last few years.  The changing society demands more skills and independence from future nurses. The purpose of this study was to find out how third-year nursing students experience problem-based learning (PBL) as a learning method.     The research method used in the study was qualitative. Two third-year students of Pirkanmaa University of Applied Sciences were interviewed in individual theme interviews. The results were analyzed using qualitative content analysis. The data gathered was divided into themes based on the content.    The results indicate that PBL was considered a very challenging but rewarding learning method for students. It was experienced as a modern and sophisticated learning method in theory, but in practice it did not fulfil the expectations of students. Too much independence was considered negative, but, on the other hand, an increase in confidence could be detected considering future working life.    As a conclusion, it may be stated that PBL still needs further development in order to ensure successful learning outcomes for students, and to increase motivation in their studies. Further studies on students` experiences of PBL could give more insight into developing the PBL curriculum.  Key words: PBL, student, motivation, study group, independence  .
Problem solution processes of musicians and engineers : what do their approaches look like?
One-day, one-problem : an approach to problem-based learning
Promoting meaningful learning through video production-supported PBL
Designing and producing digital videos as problem-based learning cycle to support meaningful learning
Storytelling as an instructional method : research perspectives
Resources, tools, and techniques for problem based learning in computing : report of the ITiCSE'98 Working Group on Problem Based Learning
Change process from individual's point of view
Oulu calling Salford : problem based learning over the internet
Problem-based learning in the information age
Struggles over corporate social responsibility meanings in teaching practices : the case of hybrid problem-based learning
Understanding advanced chemistry through problem solving : the learner's approach. Volume 2
The outcomes and effects of using problem centred and learner centred approach in mathematics education at the lower secondary level
Problem-based learning : how to gain the most from PBL
Developing new environments for learning and knowing in problem-based education
Inquiry and innovation in the classroom : using 20 % time, genius hour, and PBL to drive student success
Competence- and Problem-Based Learning at Lapland University of Applied Sciences : Student Handbook
The Internet and problem-based learning : developing solutions through the web
Project-based learning : differentiating instruction for the 21st century
Social work : making a difference
The challenge of problem-based learning
Problem-based learning : case studies, experience and practice
Jump start authentic problem-based learning
Creativity-supporting learning environments : two case studies on teaching programming
Inquiry-guided learning : new directions for teaching and learning
Contextualizing inquiry : negotiations of tasks, tools and actions in an upper secondary classroom
Learning languages for professions : a development project in tertiary-level language instruction in Finland, 2005-2006 = Valodu mācīšanās profesijai : attīstības projekts valodu apguvei augstskolas studijas Somijā, 2005-2006
Sustainable feedback in higher education : relation between and changeability of self-efficacy, goal orientation, and learning behavior
Management of change : Implementation of problem-based and project-based learning in engineering
Problem-based learning in social studies : problem-based learning (PBL) is an approach that challenges students to learn through engagement in real-life problems
From passive to active learning : an application of hybrid-PBL to business education
Making a difference : a report on Learning by Developing : innovation in higher education at Laurea University of Applied Sciences
Collaborative branding
Mentoring tutor's professional growth
Thinking through project-based learning : guiding deeper inquiry
Learning, teaching and assessing in higher education : developing reflective practice
Educational innovation in economics and business. 7, Educating knowledge workers for corporate leadership : learning into future
Problems as possibilities : problem-based learning for K-12 education
Collaborative screen capture video based learning in information systems science
Competence and problem based learning : experience, learning and future : International Conference on Problem Based Learning, 12-13 April 2012, Rovaniemi, Finland : programme and abstracts
Pedagogical Manuscript for Landscape Ecology Course
Competence and problem based learning : experience, learning and future
This essential case study shows how PBL can be reinvented across disciplines, explaining an adaptation of the technique, pioneered at the Republic Polytechnic of Singapore, where students attain learning outcomes through solving curriculum-related problems.
The power of problem based learning : experience, empowerment, evidence
Teaching with cases
Collaborative knowledge construction in the context of problem-based learning : exploring learning from conflicting ideas and knowledge
The Lab Studio Model : Enhancing Entrepreneurship Skills in Higher Education
Learning physiotherapy : the impact of formal education and professional experience
Problem-based learning in nursing : a new model for a new context?
Problem-based learning experiences and research in nursing education
Collaborative learning in international teams on Technologies to Reduce the Access Barrier in  Human Computer Interaction (TrabHCI)  : Erasmus Intensive Programme
Project-based learning has emerged as one of today's most effective instructional practices. In PBL, students confront real-world issues and problems, collaborate to create solutions, and present their results. This exciting new book describes how PBL fosters 21st century skills and innovative thinking.
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
Problem-based learning as an educational strategy
Problem-based learning in a health sciences curriculum
Problem-based learning and e-learning methods in clinical practice
The challenge of problem based learning
Understanding advanced chemistry through problem solving : the learner's approach. Volume 1
Children are continually developing ideas and explanations about their natural world. ... Some of these ideas are consistent with the science children are taught; others differ significantly from scientific explanations. Many of these ideas will follow students into adulthood if they remain hidden from the teacher and unresolved. The challenge for teachers is to find ways to elicit these ideas and then use appropriate strategies to move students learning forward. Page Keeley, author of the bestselling NSTA Press series Uncovering Student Ideas in Science You don t have to become a mind reader to understand the ideas young students bring to science class. This collection will help you draw out and then recognize what students know or think they know about the natural world. What Are They Thinking? is a compendium of 30 Formative Assessment Probes columns from NSTA s elementary journal Science and Children. Each chapter provides: A sample formative assessment probe: a set of interesting questions that root out commonly held, often-mistaken ideas. Geared to elementary students, probe topics range from why you can see the Moon in the daytime to where water goes when it evaporates to what is or isn t a rock. Your students answers to each probe will help you take a step back and figure out how to guide them from where they are conceptually to where they need to be. Accompanying teacher notes: easy-to-grasp explanations and advice that tell you how to encourage evidence-based discussion and then monitor students understanding. A bonus feature: a set of study group questions written especially for this compendium by award-winning author Page Keeley. So forget about acquiring psychic powers. Instead, turn to What Are They Thinking? to transform both your teaching and your students learning about science.
Problem-based learning : an inquiry approach
New curriculum for new times : A guide to student-centered, problem-based learning
Teaching in higher education for active and lifelong learning : multidiscipline problem solving in workpale settings
Problem-based learning : an approach to medical education
What are they thinking? : promoting elementary learning through formative assessment PB348X
Diabetes in adolescence : a new approach to patient education : the problem-based learning method
The power of problem-based learning : a practical "how to" for teaching undergraduate courses in any discipline
Developments in design education
Energizing teacher education and professional development with problem-based learning
Written for students taking either the University of Cambridge Advanced Level examinations or the International Baccalaureate examinations, this guidebook covers essential topics and concepts under both stipulated chemistry syllabi.
Writing cases
Problem-based learning and collaborative information literacy in an educational digital video course
Knowledge, knowing and problem-based learning : some epistemological and ontological remarks
The theory and practice of teaching
Children's and young people's nursing in practice : a problem-based learning approach
Research on PBL practice in engineering education
Foundations of problem-based learning
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
PBL is learning through becoming conscious of practical and abstract problems and finding ways how to solve them. It can be a pattern which doesn,t follow traditional divisions of disciplines. In this article the material was collected from two, in the first sight, very different groups. One was music students (N = 62) who had to learn to solve various practical and theoretical problems in preparing a program for a series of concerts as collective and individual action. The method used was the 7-step method which divides learning into seven phases proceeding from creating the social frame of reference and mental models (steps 1–4) through actual work (steps 5–6) to the evaluation of the outcomes (step 7). Another group consisted of international, multicultural business leaders in engineering (N = 6). In using earlier the 7-step method, the approaches resembled those of the music students: deepening their professional competences. To engage their ability to use imagination and connect reality with brainstorming and mental flexibility, the creative PBL method 635 was used. Three practical problems were solved so that the solutions included new viewpoints which would be applied to meet the real needs in the near future. The results show that not only were the learning targets of both groups reached but, with reflection included, the processes widened the professional competences of the participants.
PBL in context : bridging work and education
Problem-based learning in clinical education : the next generation
Another way of thinking about research
