http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p592 field cropping
field cropping
Pastures and cattle under coconuts
Agroforestry for soil conservation
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1998-2005 = Results of official variety trials 1998-2005
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Ecologically Sound Fertilization Strategies for Field Vegetable Production : Malmö, Sweden September 22-25, 2008
Agroforestry today
Introduction to crop husbandry including grassland
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Vegetational diversity as a strategy for reducing pest oviposition in field vegetables
An introduction to agroforestry
Growing together : agroforestry and ICRAF
Annual report of the International Council for Research in Agroforestry. 1986.
Forestry in Malå, northern Sweden, coexists with other land uses. Reindeer husbandry is in the area for centuries and requires large areas of grazing land. Competing land uses may threaten the Malå Sami village. The aim of the study was to evaluate increased consideration in forest management towards 1) reindeer husbandry, 2) nature and 3) a combination of the two. These scenarios were compared with forest management as it was in 2009. Results indicate that all three scenarios lead to a decrease in annual harvesting volumes of 0.2 to 0.4 million m3. Forest industry dominated the economic viability in the area. Forest management adapted to the needs of reindeer husbandry resulted in less potential for yearly harvest, employment and profits from forest industry. On the other hand, it led to an increase in growing stock and consequently the potential for carbon sequestration over time. Indeed the increased sequestration would compensate for all fossil emissions of carbon from the Forest Wood Chain (FWC). The nature scenario had minor effects on economic result and on the emissions of fossil carbon. The combined scenario gave a reduced economic performance for the FWC. A scenario based on forest management accommodating the needs of reindeer husbandry gave the best economic result for the reindeer chain, due to high survival rate of the reindeer. However the economic importance of reindeer husbandry in the region was small compared to the FWC. Results from scenario analysis could serve as a platform for mutual understanding between stakeholders.
Advancing Agroforestry on the Policy Agenda : a guide for decision-makers
Whole-farm risk management in arable farming : portfolio methods for farm-specific business analysis and planning
Agroforestry research in the semi-arid tropics : a report on the Working Group Meeting held at ICRISAT Center, India, 5-6 August 1985.
Agroforestry literature : a selected bibliography
Agroforestry education and training : present and future : proceedings of the international workshop on Professional Education and Training in Agroforestry, held at the University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida, USA on 5-8 December 1988
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
Environmentally benign Fe chelates in plant nutrition
The relative advantage of agroforestry system over arable crop farming : empirical evidence from cocoa based agroforestry and arable crop farming systems in Oyo State, Nigeria
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Arsenic and heavy metal concentrations in agricultural soils in South Savo province
Selective weed and ground cover management in a coffee plantation with shade trees in Nicaragua
Ecological basis of agroforestry
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Agroforestry systems in the tropics
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Cold hardiness research on agricultural and horticultural crops in Finland
The aim of organic agriculture is to produce food of high nutritional quality in sufficient quantity. Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of organic and conventional growing systems on (i) total amounts and supply of N taken up or applied to plants during a five year crop cycle period and (ii) crops total dry matter (DM) yield obtained during same period. The total DM yields from the organic treatments were 25-33% smaller than from the conventional treatments. The ratio of N output/N input was significantly the smallest in the organic treatment with cattle manure, where only 37% of all supplied N was used by plants during the crop cycle period. The organic fertiliser with faster mineralisation rate and splitting the application of organic N during crop cycle period would be more appropriate to supply sufficient quantities of N during rapid plant growth and to obtain higher crop yields in organic farming systems.
Temporal and spatial variation in weed community composition of spring cereal fields
Biodiversity in tropical agroforestry systems : on-farm case studies in the East Usambaras, Tanzania
Proceedings of the International Conference on Environmental Problems Associated with Nitrogen Fertilisation of Field Grown Vegetable Crops : Potsdam, Germany, 30 August - 1 September, 1999
Physiology of crop plants
Paulownia in China : cultivation and utilization
Agroforestry in Tanzania Olmotony region
Reforestation in arid lands
Phosphorus status of diverse soils in Finland as influenced by long-term P fertilisation. 1, Native and previously applied P at 24 experimental sites
Bark surface temperature measurements on the boles of wild cherry (Prunus avium) grown within an agroforestry system
Growing Prunus avium L. within an agroforestry system (AFS) may result in sun damage to cambial tissues on sun-exposed bole faces. There are two periods of risk of damage caused by insolation to exposed tree boles, the summer, when cambial temperatures become too high, or during winter, when the frozen dormant cambium tissue thaws and then rapidly re-freezes, a phenomenon commonly referred to as sunscald or southwest disease. Damage on the south western bole face was observed on a number of P. avium within an AFS. Five trees were sampled to assess the period in time that damage occurred. To retrospectively investigate such damage, bark surface temperature data were collected over a two year period for a further five P. avium and analysed. It was shown that bark surface temperature on the south western bole face reached nearly 50 °C during summer and experienced a maximum range of 38 °C within a 24 hour period in spring. A specially formulated white paint was applied to two trees, thus, testing a method to reduce the risk of sun damage. Two models were constructed to predict maximum and minimum daily bark surface temperature using maximum, minimum and mean daily air temperature, daily sum of sunshine hours, cloud cover, wind speed, relative humidity, maximum solar elevation and height on the tree bole as predictor variables. The damage occurred during winter 2009/2010. The models were used to identify maximum and minimum bark surface temperatures during that winter enabling the identification of possible damage events..
Adoption of agroforestry : a decision making problem of the Tanzanian peasants
Agro-forestry in the African humid tropics : proceedings of a workshop held in Ibadan, Nigeria, 27 April-1 May 1981
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Growth disturbances in Scots pines growing in afforested fields : disorders in amino acid and protein pools
Australian field crops. Vol. 2, Tropical cereals, oilseeds, grain legumes and other crops
Grazing and fodder production : a minor field study report for the Forest, Trees and People Project (FTP), Vietnam
Agriculture in African rural communities : crops and soils
Phosphorus in surface runoff and drainage water affected by cultivation practices
Agroforestry in agricultural education : with a focus on the practical implementation
Field crop ecosystems
InfoXT - User-centric mobile information management in automated plant production : recommendations and guidelines for a novel, intelligent, integrated information and decision support framework for planning and control of mobile working units
Crop ecology : productivity and management in agricultural systems
At the gates of Loyang
Agroforestry combined with water harvesting in the central zone of Chile : Soil properties and biomass production
Field biomass as global energy source
Ecology in agriculture
Climate change and prolongation of growing season : changes in regional for field crop production in Finland
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
Spices and herbs for home and market
Position Dependent Control (PDC) of plant production
Principles of field crop production
Biochar application to temperate soils : effects on nutrient uptake and crop yield under field conditions
Monitoring of Finnish arable land : changes in soil quality between 1987 and 1998.
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
Swidden-Fallow agroforestry in the peruvian Amazon
Agroforestry : realities, possibilities and potentials
Tropical dryland agroforestry on clay soils : analysis of systems based on Acacia senegal in the Blue Nile region, Sudan
Managing Sonchus arvensis using mechanical and cultural methods
Control of pests and weeds by natural enemies : an introduction to biological control
Potential bioavailability of particulate phosphorus in runoff from arable clayey soils
The impact of host mycotrophy on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal (AMF) markers was studied in a temperate agricultural soil cropped with mycorrhizal barley, flax, reed canary-grass, timothy, caraway and quinoa and non-mycorrhizal buckwheat, dyer's woad, nettle and false flax. The percentage of AMF root colonization, the numbers of infective propagules by the Most Probable Number (MPN) method, and the amounts of signature Phospholipid Fatty Acid (PLFA) 16:1ω5 and Neutral Lipid Fatty Acid (NLFA) 16:1ω5 were measured as AMF markers.  Crop had a significant impact on MPN levels of AMF, on NLFA 16:1ω5 levels in bulk and rhizosphere soil and on PLFA 16:1ω5 levels in rhizosphere soil. Reed canary-grass induced the highest levels of AMF markers. Mycorrhizal markers were at low levels in all non-mycorrhizal crops. NLFA 16:1ω5 and the ratio of NLFA to PLFA 16:1ω5 from bulk soil are adequate methods as indicators of AMF biomass in soil.
Introduction to crop husbandry
Agroforestry : a decade of development
Social, economic, and institutional aspects of agro-forestry
Management of the runoff waters from arable land : final report of the EU/LIFE Project (LIFE 97 ENV/FIN/335)
Feldstudien : zur neuen Ästhetik urbaner Landwirtschaft = Field studies : the new aesthetics of urban agriculture
Crop yields and supply of nitrogen compared in conventional and organic farming systems
Soil conservation for all! : an anthropological and technical study of the soil conservation and agroforestry programme in Eastern Province, Zambia : a minor field study
Farmer experimentation and innovation : a case study of knowledge generation processes in agroforestry systems in Rwanda
Professional education in agroforestry : proceedings of an international workshop
Proceedings of the ISHS Workshop towards an Ecologically Sound Fertilisation in Field Vegetable Production : 11 - 14 September [2000], Wageningen, The Netherlands
Taungya : forest plantations with agriculture in Southeast Asia : interplanting crops can reduca land use conflicts and increase sustainability of forest in less developed countries
Plant communities of field boundaries in Finnish farmland
The silvicultural basis for agroforestry systems
Seasonal occurrence of Lygus bugs on field crops in Finland
Evaluation of research on field crop production at the Agricultural Research Centre of Finland = Maatalouden tutkimuskeskuksen peltokasvituotantotutkimuksen arviointi
The lure of origins : an inquiry into human-environmental relations, focused on the "Neolithization" of Sweden
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
World soil resources and food security
Ecological Infrastructures : ideabook on functional biodiversity at the farm level ; temperate zoones of Europa = Ökologische Infrastrukturen ; Ideenbuch zur funktionalen Biodiversität auf Betriebsebene ; gemässigte Zonen Europas
Collected leaflets on insect pests of farm & garden crops
Gliricidia sepium (Jacq.) Walp. : management and improvement : proceedings of a workshop held in Turrialba, Costa Rica, June 21-27, 1987
Agroforestry : classification and management
The indigenous agroforestry systems of the south-eastern Rift Valley escarpment, Ethiopia : their biodiversity, carbon stocks, and litterfall
Neutral lipid fatty acid analysis is a sensitive marker for quantitative estimation of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in agricultural soil with crops of different mycotrophy
A systems approach to the management of arbuscular mycorrhiza : bioassay and study of the impact of phosphorus supply
Improvement of traditional Acacia senegal agroforestry : ecophysiological characteristics as indicators for tree-crop interaction on sandy soil in western Sudan
Productive coexistence and gain in agroforestry systems
Keepers of the forest : land management alternatives in Southeast Asia
Agroforestry species and technologies : a compilation of the highlights and factsheets published by NFTA and FACT Net 1985-1999
Agroforestry in South Asia : problems and applied research perspectives
The benefits of biochar (BC) application to fertile, non-acidic soils in temperate climate regions might not always be as evident as for highly weathered tropical soils. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of BC on soil characteristics, nutrient uptake and crop yield in field experiments on two temperate soils (Cambisol and Chernozem) in Austria. Maize and wheat (Cambisol), and barley and sunflower (Chernozem) were grown in successive vegetation periods following different BC application rates (0, 24 and 72 t ha-1 at the start of the experiment), supplemented with identical mineral N supply in 33 m² plots. BC treatments showed varying impacts on nutrient uptake of the investigated crops. The first growing season in the Chernozem region was affected by a prolonged drought period, which resulted in positive effects of BC on soil water-holding capacity (WHC) and barley crop yield (+ 10%) for the 72 t ha-1 BC + N treatment compared to a control with identical nutrient supply but without BC. However, maize and wheat grain yield decreased by 46 and 70%, respectively, after the highest BC application rate (72 t ha-1) in an additional treatment without supplementary N-fertilisation. Still, even with high BC application rates we did not observe any adverse effects on crop yield and nutrient uptake, as long as the soil was supplied with sufficient N according to local agricultural practice.
Cultural management of lingonberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.) and storage of lingonberry fruit
Comparison of co-existing forestry and reindeer husbandry value chains in northern Sweden
Plant communities of field margins : the effects of management and environmental factors on species composition and diversity
