http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5921 tissue transplantation
tissue transplantation
Magnetic resonance imaging of double-bundle anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction
Bioethics in Europe
Abstract.
Bone is a highly vascularized tissue which enables a close interaction between blood vessels and osteoid complexes, including osteoblasts and osteoclasts. Iatrogenic bone loss, caused by a surgical intervention or trauma, disrupts circulation in the bone and leads to hypoxia and even necrosis of the adjacent bone. The mechanisms of the bone tissue healing process by regeneration are highly specific.The most common and predictable way to manage a large-sized skull bone defect has traditionally been using the patient's own bone tissue graft. The problem with the method is damage and pain of the donor site caused by the operation and healing problems. In paediatric patients, there is a limited availability of adequate autologous bone grafts. For this reason, efforts have been made to develop substitute materials in order to avoid the need for large bone grafts. Autologous stem cells have proven to be promising targets for the development of bone substitutes for cranio-maxillofacial bone defects.The main objective of this study was to examine, by using an experimental animal model, differences in the healing of critical-sized calvarial bone defects, similar to cranioplasty, induced with different types of autogenous bone grafts and with adipose tissue- or bone marrow-derived stem cells grown in two commonly used biomaterials, tricalcium phosphate and bioglass. We also investigated the effect of tissue adhesive, fibrin glue, on the healing process of bone defects. The effect of the stimulating growth factor proteins BMP-2, BMP-7 and VEGF on tissue transplants and ossification was also studied. The results of this study support the previously reported findings of accelerated bone graft resorption associated with autologous bone graft use. In particular, the use of fibrin tissue glue in combination with autologous particulated bone grafts reduced the formation of new bone incalvarial lesions.During the initial healing of calvarial bone defects, tricalcium phosphate granules proved to be more effective than solid bioactive glass scaffolds. Furthermore, in combination with adipose-derived stem cells, tricalcium phosphate showed better bone regeneration than the same cells in combination with a bioactive glass scaffold. Combining bone marrow-derived stem cells with biomaterial did not increase bone formation in calvarial critical-sized defects. In this study, there was no evidence of the positive effect of growth factors on cranial bone healing.
Healing of cranial critical sized defects with grafts, stem cells, growth factors and bio-materials
Extraoral bone harvesting sites : for oral and maxillofacial surgery
Safety and morbidity of intra-oral zygomatic bone graft harvesting : development of a novel bone harvesting technique
Bioartificial organs III : tissue sourcing, immunoisolation, and clinical trials
Reconstruction of orbital wall fracture : an experimental and clinical study
The use of recombinant human type II collagen for articular cartilage tissue engineering
Risk assessment of HTVL-I/II transmission by tissue/cell transplantation. Part 1, Epidemiological review
Xenotransplantation : scientific frontiers and public policy
Postoperative soft tissue defects in the ankle area : the etiology and methods of reconstruction
Principles of tissue engineering
Culture of cells for tissue engineering
Guide to safety and quality assurance for organs, tissues and cells
Medicine, patients and the law
Free flap monitoring : using tissue oxygen measurement and positron emission tomography
Bioethics and the law
Regenerative biology of the spine and spinal cord
The future of human reproduction : ethics, choice and regulation
Tissue engineering in urological and gynaecological applications
Convention for the protection of Human Rights and dignity of the human being with regard to the application of biology and medicine : Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine (ETS no. 164) : explanatory report
Principles of medical law
Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Dignity of the Human Being with regard to the Application of Biology and Medicine : Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine = Convention pour la protection des droits de l'homme et de la dignité de l'être humain à l'égard des applications de la biologie et de la médecine : Convention sur les droits de l'homme et la biomédecine
The body as property
Humanized mice
Epidermal cells : methods and protocols
Free muscle and musculocutaneous flaps : measured with US, colour Doppler US, CT, MRI and IR thermography
Summary.
Speaking for the dead : cadavers in biology and medicine
VEGF-A and VEGF-C in experimental obliterative bronchiolitis
Animal-to-human transplants : the ethics of xenotransplantation
Monitoring small bowel rejection : a study in porcine intestinal allografts
Adjuvant arteriovenous fistula for infrapopliteal bypass patency
Organ and tissue transplantation in the European Union : management of difficulties and health risks linked to donors
Guide to the quality and safety of tissues and cells for human application
Stem cell transplantation
Law and bioethics : an introduction
Risk assessment of HTVL-I/II transmission by tissue/cell transplantation. Part 2, Risks by tissue type, impact of processing and effectiveness of prevention measures
Alzheimer's disease : amyloid precursor proteins, signal transduction, and neuronal transplantation
Regenerative biology and medicine
