http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5938 overeducation
overeducation
The academy in crisis : the political economy of higher education
Upper secondary general school education
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Confluencing for Academic Knowledge - Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
Management education in a historical perspective : the business school question and its solution in Finland
Knowledge and power : the parliamentary representation of universities in Britain and the empire
The collegial tradition in the age of mass higher education
The goals and missions of law schools
The idea of a university
Use of information and communication technologies in higher education in Kenya
Being a university
OECD thematic review of tertiary educationn : country background report for Finland
Quality in continuing education : proceedings of the 7th EUCEN European Conference
European University Continuing Education : the managers' handbook
Freedom, equality, university
The expansion of higher education and time-consistent taxation
"Despite both positive and negative perceptions of the current state of higher education, the contemporary debate over what it is to be a university is limited. Most of all, it is limited imaginatively. The range of imagined options is narrow. The imagination has not been given anything even approaching a wide scope. As a result, our sense as to what a university could be and could become in the modern age is itself impoverished. If we are seriously to develop a wide range of ideas of the university that is adequate to the challenges of the modern world, the imagination itself needs to be freed. Imagining the University seeks to address each of these sets of issues and will do so by first, identifying a very wide range of ideas of the university as it is now unfolding and could become; secondly, by evaluating those conceptions of the university with a classification of ideas of the university; and thirdly, by reflecting on the imagination itself, its current impoverishment and its possibilities. Whether studying, researching or deciding policy, this book is vital reading to all those involved in the planning and delivery of higher education"--
An introduction to instructional services in academic libraries
Management education in a historical perspective:the business school question and its solution in Finland
Centres of excellence in Finnish university education 2010-2012
External quality assurance in Finnish higher education institutions : two cases - the Universities of Tampere and Turku in a new-institutional perspective
"International Association of Universities' worldwide database of higher education institutions, systems and credentials."--Kotisivu.
Key factors in transforming university internationalization into commercial activity in Finland : case of University of Turku
USSR education
The role of higher education in initial teacher training
Centralized administration of the higher education system in Turkey
Historic factors influencing Korean higher education
Quality assurance in higher education : proceedings of an International Conference Hong Kong, 1991
University research performance : influence of funding competition, policy steering and micro-level factors
The ritualization of progress : the schooled imagination
OECD thematic review of tertiary education : country background report for Finland
"Across the developed world, most of us who work now earn our living in the service sector. However, the issue of what kind of service economy is sustainable and desirable, both in economic and social terms, is rarely debated. This book argues that this needs to change. National governments have emphasized the role of skills in achieving international competitiveness, higher living standards, and social inclusion. However, even prior to the 2008 financial crisis, problems of over-qualification, skills wastage, and poor job quality were becoming difficult to ignore. This raises important questions about what kind of service sector jobs will be on offer to meet the aspirations of an increasingly qualified workforce and what role can governments play in raising the skills required in jobs and the quality of jobs and services? Work organization and job design are key factors shaping the skill content of work and the opportunities workers have to deploy their skills and capabilities. Through cross-national comparative research, this book examines whether and why service sector jobs vary across countries. Drawing upon detailed empirical research, the jobs of vocational teacher, fitness instructor, and cafe worker in the UK, Norway, and France are compared, allowing an exploration of the role of national institutions, sectors, and organisations in shaping work organization and job quality. The findings contribute to the comparative study of work organization, the relationship between skills and performance, the role and purpose of education and the prospects for better jobs in 'the age of over-qualification'."--Book jacket.
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 8. vuositapaaminen Helsingissä 26.-27.8.2014 = 8th Annual FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) Meeting at the University of Helsinki, August 26-27, 2014.
Higher education in Mozambique : a case study
The American university : how it runs, where it is going
Pre-service foreign language teachers' expectations of their studies and teacher profession
The new higher education : issues and directions for the post-dearing university
Transformation of higher education in innovation systems in China and Finland
Rethinking engineering education : the CDIO approach
Company language teaching and the language teacher
eReflections : ten years of educational technology studies at the University of Oulu : essays contributed by the network builders
Geographies of knowledge, geometries of power : framing the future of higher education
Studies on human capital flows and spatial labour markets
Abstract: Follow-up and evaluation of the teacher education development programme 2005.
Rankings and accountability in higher education : uses and misuses
Re-becoming universities? : higher education institutions in networked knowledge societies
Overeducation in Europe : current issues in theory and policy
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Tertiary education in Portugal
Makerere University in transition 1993-2000 : opportunities & challenges
Imagining the university
Sokoine University of Agriculture, Facultry of Veterinary Medicine
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Responding to student expectations
Journal of the European Higher Education Area : policy, practice and institutional engagement
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
Towards excellence in teaching : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes in the University of Helsinki
Evaluation of Bachelor's level education at the Aalto Mikkeli Campus : alumni survey in cooperation with SEFE
Climate-smart agriculture : possible roles of agricultural universities in a strengthened Norwegian climate change engagement in Africa
Brazilian educational market : exporting Finnish educational concepts to an exotic country
Internationalisation and its management at higher-education institutions : applying conceptual, content and discourse analysis
The effect of polytechnic reform on migration
University of Turku adult education policy
Fellmannia – a meeting place for learners
Higher education in Tanzania : a case study
African higher education : an international reference handbook
Quality on the move : discursive construction of higher education policy from the perspective of quality
Comparison of Russian and Finnish educational systems at university level.  : Education in the field of HVAC.
Innovation, universities, and the competitiveness of regions
Summary (s. 9-13).
Lifelong learning for the new decade
Skills in the age of over-qualification : comparing service sector work in Europe
Education and jobs : exploring the gaps
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Universities and corporate universities : the higher learning industry in global society
Higher education policy in Finland
The JULIET programme in the University of Jyväskylä : a view from the inside
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
WHED : world higher education database
Toward a more perfect university
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Group dynamics in flipped learning situations in higher education
Quality handbook of higher education in Finland and Russia
New challenges for European human resource management
University education
Constructing reputation in a university merger
Evaluation of media and communication studies in higher education in Finland
There is no single idea of the university. Ever since its medieval origin, the concept of the university has continued to change. The metaphysical university gave way successively to the scientific university, and then to the corporate and the entrepreneurial university. But what might lie ahead? Being a University charts and critiques this conceptual development and examines the future possibilities for the idea of the university. Ronald Barnett pursues this quest through an exploration of pairs of contending concepts that speak to the idea of the university - such as space and time; being and becoming; and culture and anarchy. On this foundation is developed an imaginative exposition of possible ideas of the university, including the liquid university and the authentic university.
The managers' handbook for European university lifelong learning
The meanings of mass higher education
Developing the knowledge intensive service offering in the higher education network cooperation context : Case Helsinki Education and Research Area (HERA)
Connecting research and client : Finnish experience of quality enhancement in university lifelong learning
