http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5939 beard
beard
Bluebeard
Sharp practice : the real man's guide to shaving
The Guinness book of beards and moustaches
Principles of pitch organization in Bartók's Duke Bluebeard's castle
On the importance of being an individual in Renaissance Italy : men, their professions, and their beards
On finding the balance between earth and sky : Jeanette Winterson, Charlotte Brontë, and the "Bluebeard" Tale
Bluebeard's legacy : death and secrets from Bartók to Hitchcock
Secrets beyond the door : the story of Bluebeard and his wives
Successful anti-bullying programme affects the whole school
On the morphology and ecology of Chara strigosa A. Braun (Charophyceae) in Scandinavia, with notes on its total distribution
Hair : styling, culture and fashion
Dark star : the satanic rites of Gilles de Rais
Seasonal changes in biomass, elongation growth and primary production rate of Chara tomentosa in the NE Baltic Sea
Fizzlebert stump and the bearded boy
Four new species of the genus Ophidion (Pisces: Ophidiidae) from the western Atlantic Ocean
Of beards and men : the revealing history of facial hair
Now it's the women's turn : Kurt Vonnegutin teos Bluebeard Siniparta-tarinana
The gentleman's guide to beard and moustache management
A review of Characeae (Charophyta) in Murmansk Region (Russia) with notes on a new record of Chara virgata
The decline of charophyte : occurrence dynamics of Chara tomentosa L. at the southern coast of Finland
Why fairy tales stick : the evolution and relevance of a genre
Ranging behaviour of a juvenile Bearded Vulture (Gypaetus barbatus meridionalis) in South Africa revealed by GPS satellite telemetry
One thousand beards : a cultural history of facial hair
Principles of pitch organization in Béla Bartók's "Duke Bluebeard's Castle"
Men's hairdressing / Traditional and modern barbering
Five species of Characeae are known in Murmansk Region from five biogeographic provinces (Lps, Lt, Lim, Ks, Lv). One of them, Chara strigosa A.Braun, is included in the Red Data Book of the Russian Federation. A new site for C. virgata Kütz. is described from a rich fen in the province of Lim. This is the second record of the species in the Region. The new site is situated about 100 km NW of the previous one in a lake near the White Sea coast. The status of this species in the Regional Red Data Book should be 'Vulnerable'..
The bizarre beauty of bearded women : Viggo Wallensköld
Pirates : the secrets of Blackbeard's world
Gendering German studies : new perspectives on German literature and culture
African razors : a preliminary study
