http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5934 paperboard industry
paperboard industry
Coat weight and drying power control
Compass : UPM global in-house magazine
A novel profit potential calculation method applied to web manufacturing
Forestry statistics today for tomorrow 1961-1991 ... 2010 : trees for life = Forets statistiques aujourd'hui pour demain 1961-1991 ... 2010 : l'arbre, source de vie = Montes estadisticas ahora para mañana 1961-1991 ... 2010 : el arbol, fuente de vida
Raina : energy-efficient paper production : interim report 1988-1990
Forest products annual market review 2006-2007
Stora Enso's corrugated board business is growing in Russia : new mill scheduled for start-up in 2008.
The package got scratched
The Prüfbau laboratory printing machine's ability to predict the printability of folding box board
Paper and paperboard packaging technology
And the sun also rises. The Finnish forest industry is not a sunset industry after all - to the irritation of doomsayers. Finnish wood is till a source of high-quality products and product development
Concentration - price rigidity relationship in the Western European paper industry from 1980s through 2001
Papermaking science and technology. Book 13, Printing
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
Papermaking science and technology. 16, Paper physics
Papermaking science and technology. Book 15, Materials, corrosion prevention, and maintenance
Research and development of maintenance functions : the finishing line  in the board factory
Forest products annual market review 2007-2008
World paper markets 2020.
The effect of board coating and precalendering on coating coverage and surface structure
Papermaking science and technology. Book 19, Environmental control
Finnish forest industry production and exports in 2003 : signs of global economic recovery but markets still difficult
Forest products : the direction of trade 1985-1989. Vol 2, Woodpulp, paper and paperboard
Unfolded : paper in design, art, architecture and industry
The improvers of paper and board pulp. (English summary)
Contaminant aerobic sporeforming bacteria in the manufacturing processes of food packaging board and food
An old mill as a world heritage site
Raina : energy-efficient paper production : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
Teaming up for a common goal : The Finnish Woodpulp Union 1893-1942 : The Finnish Board Mills Association - Finnboard 1943-1996
Sustainable paper : energy in paper and board production : master plan for an energy technology research programme 1993-1998
Cost competitiveness model as a tool for strategic planning in cartonboard industry
Approaches to the analysis of paper demand and supply in Western Europe
Effect of environmental issues on German carton industry
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF MAINTENANCE FUNCTIONS : The finishing line in the board factory
Forestry statistics today for tomorrow 1961-1989 ... 2010 : wood and wood products = Forets statistiques aujourd'hui pour demain 1961-1989 ... 2010 : bois et produits du bois = Montes estadisticas ahora para mañana 1961-1989 ... 2010 : madera y productos de madera
Print quality is a subjective term. It can be described in different ways and there are multiple factors affecting print quality and also various methods to predict it. In this work the printability of folding box board was studied with the Prüfbau multipurpose printability tester and the results were compared with the results of the sheet fed printing machine at Imatra test print. The main aim was to get an idea if there is some correlation between these two results and if Prüfbau could be used in the future for print quality control instead of the full scale printing machine. The examined substrate was Tambrite folding box board. Tambrite was tested regularly at Imatra test print service for two years time. There were three different basic weights to study and 25 samples from a total of 150 samples were chosen to the tests. These included samples with good, average and poor printing properties according to the print quality results of Imatra test print. In the literature part of this work is discussed about offset printing, print quality and factors affecting it and tested Tambrite board. In the experimental part the methods used and the results of tests and correlation with the Imatra test print is explained. The studied printability tests were back-trap mottling, printed gloss, set-off, rub-off and wet pick. These tests were based on the existing methods and the methods were adjusted to the studied substrate Tambrite folding box board. The comparison of the results was done so that the Prüfbau results were put in order of superiority and then compared with the order of Imatra's results. The correlation between the results of Prüfbau and Imatra was found using a scatter diagram and a coefficient of correlation. It was found that the printed gloss results of Prüfbau had a strong correlation with Imatra's results. In both mottling and set-off results Prüfbau had a clear correlation with Imatra's results. The only Prüfbau method which did not exhibit sufficient correlation with Imatra test print results was rub-off. The interpretation of the correlation's significance was made after a number of observations. Some faults in the Imatra results were found which distorted the correlation with Prufbau. Wet pick tests indicated a good wet surface strength and quite good ink transfer to a wet surface. According to the results, Prüfbau could be used in the print quality control of Tambrite board in all the tests with the exception of rub-off tests. However rub-off tests could be studied further by using the same printing ink used at Imatra, when the drying properties of the ink would be the same. Also mottling could be studied further after adjusting the total thickness of the carrier track and the sample constant. This would eliminate the possibility of different print pressure on different samples.
From distress to a cartonboard star
Abstract: Russian audio markets : case company Stora Enso: Possibilities of the DiscBox Slider in Russia.
Papermaking science and technology. Book 6, Chemical pulping
Papermaking science and technology. Book 8, Papermaking : part 1: Stock preparation and wet end
Finnish board mills association 1943-1967
E-business solutions as a part of a customer service portfolio
Indian paper and board industry expanding
Asia's population giants are growing again : opportunities for the paper industry emerging
The opportunities of replacing a part of folding boxboard packages with micro flute packages in Finland
Production and converting of corrugated board
New Zealand forestry statistics 1991.
Paper machine white water treatment in channel flow : integration of passive deaeration and selective flotation
Russian audio markets : case company Stora Enso: Possibilities of the DiscBox Slider in Russia
Finnish forest industry production and exports in 2006.
Papermaking science and technology. Book 4, Papermaking chemistry
Enhancement of water removal in the press section
Paper giants are learning how to be flexible
Recent technological advances in papermaking
Stora Enso global : a magazine for Stora Enso Group personnel
Papermaking science and technology. Book 14, Process control
Laboratory study on carboxymethylcellulose as a wet-end additive in paperboard making
Adhesion, presence and antifouling of Deinococcus geothermalis in paper machine environment
Testing methods and instruments for corrugated board
China, the largest P&B market
Papermaking science and technology. Book 16, Paper physics
New stock fractionation concept in recycled fiber based multi-ply board making
China continues to grow very fast : non-wood still the main virgin fibre
M-real magazine : the quarterly publication from M-real
Dryad technology : implementing spraying technology in paper and board manufacturing
Papermaking science and technology. 1, Economics of the pulp and paper industry
Papermaking science and technology. Book 18, Paper and board grades
Condebelt press drying and sustainable paper cycle
Heinolan Flutingtehdas 50 vuotta = Heinola Fluting Mill's 50th anniversary
Summary of the critique on Porter's diamond model : Porter's diamond model modified to suit the Finnish paper and board machine industry
Advanced process control in paper and board making
Papermaking science and technology. Book 17, Pulp and paper testing
Kuvia leivän isästä : Kemiyhtiön taipaleelta 1893-1993 = The breadwinner : a pictorial history of the Kemi company 1893-1993
Detmaster - data communications and getting the maximum benefit of its information
Microbial life and deposits in paper machine circuits
Opening the black box of environmental innovation : governmental policy and learning in the Dutch paper and board industry
Suzano - planning a major expansion at Mucuri
Papermaking science and technology. : Book 10. Papermaking : part 3, finishing
Determination of volatile suphur compounds in board paper and latex products
Handbook of paper and board
Industry at a crossroads: hardware or intelligence
Learning to understand the retailers : the new approach of a paperboard manufacturer
Papermaking science and technology. Book 12, Paper and paperboard converting
The modular forming press for paperboard packages
The influence of wet pressing and precalendering on the structure and properties of double-coated woodfree board
Papermaking science and technology. Book 9, Papermaking : part 2, Drying
Bacteria colonizing paper machines
Papermaking science and technology. Book 10, Papermaking : part 3, finishing
Mexico - a new growing paper and paperboard market
Trainee programme for young professionals
Sustainable paper : energy in paper and board production research programme 1993-1998 : final report
Papermaking science and technology. Book 3, Forest products chemistry
Papermaking science and technology. Book 2, Forest resources and sustainable management
European market for lining papers
Hello Finland, this is Äänekoski (English summary)
At the crest of foam forming (English summary)
Papermaking science and technology. Book 5, Mechanical pulping
