http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p594 grain cultivation
grain cultivation
Effect of annually repeated undersowing on cereal grain yields
Essays on socially optimal phosphorus policies in crop production
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2004-2011 = Results of official variety trials 2004-2011
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Fungus diseases of tropical crops
The content of dietary fiber, amino acids, dihydroxyphenols and some macro- and micronutrients in grain of conventionally and organically grown common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet
Women, mothers and maize production in Tanzania
The effect of different tillage-fertilization practices on the mycoflora of wheat grains
Noun phrases in the linguistic field of cereal growing before and after mechanization
Barley : production, cultivation and uses
Cereal research communications
Encyclopedia of grain science. Vol. 3, [Q-Z]
Cereals and cereal products : chemistry and technology
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
Technical guideline for sorghum and millet seed production
Cattle, women, and wells : managing household survival in the Sahel
Cereal policies review
Weeds in spring cereal fields in Finland - a third survey
Impact of ozone on field grown spring wheat, Triticum aestivum L.
The production of field crops : a textbook of agronomy
The weed flora in conventionally and organically grown spring cereals was investigated in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009. The survey was conducted in 16 regions, 283 farms and 595 fields (72 organically cropped and 523 conventionally cropped fields, of which 503 were treated with herbicides). The occurrence of weeds was assessed in late July-early August. Altogether 148 weed species were identified, of which 128 were broad-leaved and 20 grass species. In organically cropped fields, the average species number per field was 21 and the most frequent species were Chenopodium album 96%, Stellaria media 94%, Viola arvensis 94% and Elymus repens 89%. In conventionally cropped fields, the average species number was 12 and the most frequent weed species were Viola arvensis 83%, Stellaria media 65%, Galeopsis spp. 59% and Galium spurium 59%. The average density of weeds was 160 m-2 (median = 112) in sprayed conventional fields and 519 m-2 (468) in organic fields. The average air-dry biomass of weeds was 167 kg ha-1 (median = 82) and 775 kg ha-1 (563), respectively. Elymus repens, the most frequent and abundant grass species, produced the highest proportion (about 30%) of the total weed biomass in both cropping systems. The frequency of Galium spurium in conventional cropping and Fumaria officinalis in organic cropping had increased substantially since the previous survey in 1997-1999. The average size of the weed seedbank in the 5 cm surface layer was about 1 700 seeds m-2, the most predominant seeds being of C. album. Although the weed flora in Finnish spring cereal fields consists of numerous species, only a fraction of them severely threaten crop production in terms of their frequency and abundance. Weeds in conventional cropping were effectively controlled with available herbicides whereas weed management in organic cropping calls for urgent measures such as direct mechanical weed control in crop stands, which was not practised at all in survey fields.
Use of DNA markers for genetic linkage mapping and analysis of biotic and abiotic stresses in lentil (Lens sp.)
Resource management in challenged environments
Agronomic challenges for organic crop husbandry
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Nitrogen dynamics of organic farming in a crop rotation based on red clover (Trifolium pratense) leys
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
The ecology of temperate cereal fields
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Cereal quality III : [proceedings of the third AAB conference on cereal quality held at] Churchill College, Cambridge from 13-15th December 1993.
"Contemporary agriculture confronts the challenge of increasing demand in terms of quantitative and qualitative production targets. These targets have to be achieved against the background of soil and water scarcity, world-wide and regional shifts in the patterns of land use driven by both climate change and the need to develop crop-based sources of energy, and the environmental and social aspects of agricultural sustainability. Hence, this book compiles a multi-authored perspective on the ways in which crop physiology could be integrated with other disciplines. With a focus on genetic improvement and agronomy, this book addresses the challenges of environmentally sound production of bulk and quality food, fodder, fiber and energy which will be faced over the next decade".
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
Temporal and spatial variation in weed community composition of spring cereal fields
Plants in the service of man
Genetic mapping of traits important in barley breeding
Encyclopedia of grain science. Vol. 1, [A-F]
Weed flora in organically grown spring cereals in Finland
Handbook of food products : grain and its products
Grain tithes and manorial yields in early modern Sweden : trends and patterns of production and productivity c. 1540-1680
Contents of trichothecenes in oats during official variety, organic cultivation and nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
Spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) ideotype responses to elevated CO2 and temperature levels : a cereal yield modeling study using satellite information
Crop bulletin
Finnish Grain Quality in 2011.
A two-factor field experiment was carried out at the Lithuanian Institute of Agriculture during the period 2005-2008. The influence of different tillage and fertilization practices on wheat grain fungal contamination was evaluated. Grain surface contamination and internal grain infection with fungi were quantified using agar tests. Purified colonies were identified using different manuals. A total of 16 fungal genera were identified in spring and winter wheat grains. Alternaria infected 46.3% - 99.9%, Cladosporium 26.9% - 77.8%, Fusarium 0.9% - 37.1%, Penicillium 1.3% - 2.5% of grains tested. Winter wheat grain surface contamination by fungi ranged from 7.2 × 103 to 24.8 × 103 of colony forming units per g of grain (cfu g-1), spring wheat from 14.8 × 103 to 80.3 × 103 cfu g-1. No-tillage increased winter wheat grain infection by Alternaria, Aspergillus and Cladosporium species and total count of cfu g-1 on spring wheat grain surface. High fertilizer rates resulted in an increase in spring wheat grain infection by Fusarium and Penicillium species and total count of cfu g-1 on both spring and winter wheat grain surface.
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Climate change and crop potential in Finland : regional assessment of spring wheat
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Wheat : botany, cultivation, and utilization
Wheat production potential in Africa
Soil nitrate N as influenced by annually undersown cover crops in spring cereals
Northern challenges for profitable production of quality naked oat
Enhancing agricultural productivity through on-farm water-use efficiency : an empirical case study of wheat product[i]on in Iraq
Shrinking fields : cropland loss in a world of eight billion
Encyclopedia of grain science. Vol. 2, [G-P]
Crops I
International oat conference, Lund, Sweden, July 4-8 1988 : proceedings
The corn supply of ancient Rome
Limitations of climate model simulations to support climate change adaptation
Composition of weed flora in spring cereals in Finland : a fourth survey
Biochar application to temperate soils : effects on nutrient uptake and crop yield under field conditions
Viking Age cereal cultivation in SW Finland - a study of charred grain from Pahamäki in Pahka, Lieto
Referat (s. 4).
Farming practices and crop production : an exploratory study of farming strategies vs. maizeproduction in Makanya village, Tanzania
Compendium of wheat diseases
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Seed biology and the yield of grain crops
Climate change and crop production
Finnish Grain Quality in 2013.
Profitability of chemical weed control in spring cereals
Cereal husbandry
Explore On-farm : on-farm trials for adapting and adopting good agricultural practices
Progress in irrigated rice research : selected papers and abstracts from the International rice research conference, 21-25 September 1987, Hangzhou, China
Outgrowing the earth : the food security challenge in an age of falling water tables and rising temperatures
Plants consumed by man
Viljalajikkeiden taudinalttius virallisissa lajikekokeissa 1996-2003 = Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials 1996-2003
Efficient multifunctional landscape management in the Hovran catchment, Dalarna, Sweden
Climatic conditions for the cultivation of rye with reference to the history of settlement in Finland
Plant growth regulators to manipulate cereal growth in northern growing conditions
Cereal crops for industrial use in Europe
Indonesian journal of crop science
Varietal and environmental effects on wheat milling quality
Undersowing in a northern climate : effects on spring cereal yield and risk of nitrate leaching
Review of basic food policies
Crop plants in Häme castle in the 16th and 17th century
Intensity, productivity and efficiency in agriculture in Finland and implications for N and P fertiliser management
The Nordic cereal industry in an integrating Europe : proceedings from the 25th Nordic cereal congress, June 6-9, 1993, Helsinki, Finland
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Brave new seeds : the threat of GM crops to farmers
Production of field crops : a textbook of agronomy
Microbiological tests and measurements in the assessment of harmful substances and pollution
Organic cereal and pulse production : a complete guide
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Crop physiology : applications for genetic improvement and agronomy
Crop production : cereals and legumes
The effects of conventional and organic farming system on some quality parameters of grains were studied in winter and spring common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet. Under organic farming conditions, spelt wheat was characterized by the most favorable grain chemical composition (essential amino acids index [EAAI] 85.3, o-dihydroxyphenol 2.00 g kg-1, nitrogen [N] 23.5 g kg-1, magnesium [Mg] 705, zinc [Zn] 32.9 mg kg-1), followed by millet (total dietary fiber [TDF] 185.3 g kg-1, Mg 904, copper [Cu] 6.27, iron [Fe] 57.0 mg kg-1). The above-mentioned cereals also showed a satisfactory yield level under the organic system (spelt wheat 2.69, proso millet 1.42 t ha-1). Both in winter and spring common wheat organic farming led a significant reduction in productivity, but the content of chemical components in grain (dihydroxyphenols—spring wheat 1.68 g kg-1, winter wheat 1.74 g kg-1; selenium [Se]—spring wheat 53.4 mg kg-1, winter wheat 40.5 mg kg-1; some amino acids—spring wheat valine [Val] 5.11, methionine [Met] 2.09, tryptophan [Trp] 0.40 g kg-1, winter wheat glutamate [Glu] 41.9, proline [Pro] 15.3, glysine [Gly] 5.24, arginine [Arg] 5.04, [Trp] 0.97 g kg-1) was more favorable compared to the conventional system. The present study showed that the organic farming system does not result in reduced productivity neither in spelt wheat or proso millet, but contributes to an improvement in their grain quality parameters. On the other hand, common wheat performed better under the conventional system..
Crop and soil specific mineral efficiency and productivity in Finland
What will organic farming deliver? : COR 2006
Against the grain : the genetic transformation of global agriculture
Resistance of winter cereals to various winter stress factors : inter- and intraspecific variation and the role of cold acclimation
Andean crops and infant nourishment
The benefits of biochar (BC) application to fertile, non-acidic soils in temperate climate regions might not always be as evident as for highly weathered tropical soils. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of BC on soil characteristics, nutrient uptake and crop yield in field experiments on two temperate soils (Cambisol and Chernozem) in Austria. Maize and wheat (Cambisol), and barley and sunflower (Chernozem) were grown in successive vegetation periods following different BC application rates (0, 24 and 72 t ha-1 at the start of the experiment), supplemented with identical mineral N supply in 33 m² plots. BC treatments showed varying impacts on nutrient uptake of the investigated crops. The first growing season in the Chernozem region was affected by a prolonged drought period, which resulted in positive effects of BC on soil water-holding capacity (WHC) and barley crop yield (+ 10%) for the 72 t ha-1 BC + N treatment compared to a control with identical nutrient supply but without BC. However, maize and wheat grain yield decreased by 46 and 70%, respectively, after the highest BC application rate (72 t ha-1) in an additional treatment without supplementary N-fertilisation. Still, even with high BC application rates we did not observe any adverse effects on crop yield and nutrient uptake, as long as the soil was supplied with sufficient N according to local agricultural practice.
Combinable crops and the EC : a guide to European Community price support mechanisms and legislation affecting the marketing of cereals, and other combinable crops
Survey of weeds in maize crops in Europe
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
The exported winter rye form evolved in co-cultivation with spring-sown seasonal crops in Finland where the slash-and-burn and riihi traditions selected against the rachis brittleness of the weedy rye
