http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5956 orders of knighthood
orders of knighthood
The military orders. Volume 2, Welfare and warfare
"'Warrior monks'--the misnomer for the Iberian military orders that emerged on the frontiers of Europe in the twelfth century-have long fascinated general readers and professional historians alike. Proposing 'ecclesiastical knights' as a more accurate name and conceptual model-warriors animated by ideals and spiritual currents endorsed by the church hierarchy, author Sam Zeno Conedera presents a groundbreaking study of how these orders brought the seemingly incongruous combination of monastic devotion and the practice of warfare into a single way of life. Providing a detailed study of the military-religious vocation as it was lived out in the Orders of Santiago, Calatrava, and Alcantara in Leon-Castile during the first century, Ecclesiastical Knights provides a valuable window into medieval Iberia.Filling a gap in the historiography of the medieval military orders, Conedera defines, categorizes, and explains these orders, from their foundations until their spiritual decline in the early fourteenth century, arguing that that the best way to understand their spirituality is as a particular kind of consecrated knighthood. Because these Iberian military orders were belligerents in the Reconquest, Ecclesiastical Knights informs important discussions about the relations between Western Christianity and Islam in the Middle Ages. Conedera examines how the military orders fit into the religious landscape of medieval Europe through the prism of knighthood, and how their unique conceptual character informed the orders and spiritual self-perception. The religious observances of all three orders were remarkably alike, except that the Cistercian-affiliated orders were more demanding and their members could not marry.Santiago, Calatrava, and Alcantara shared the same essential mission and purpose: the defense and expansion of Christendom understood as an act of charity, expressed primarily through fighting and secondarily through the care of the sick and the ransoming of captives. Their prayers were simple and their penances were aimed at knightly vices and the preservation of military discipline. Above all, the orders valued obedience. They never drank from the deep wellsprings of monasticism, nor were they ever meant to. Offering an entirely fresh perspective on two difficult and closely related problems concerning the military orders--namely, definition and spirituality--author Sam Zeno Conedera illuminates the religious life of the orders, previously eclipsed by their military activities"--
The Order of St. John in Finland : Johanniter ridderskapet i Finland
The seven deadly sins. 1
Lost city of the templars
Malta 1565 : last battle of the Crusades
Eesti teenetemärgid ; Teenedemärkide seadus = Orders of Estonia ; Law on decorations
Lion at the crossroads : orders of Luxembourg
Knights of Malta : a legend towards the future
The Habsburgs as predecessors of Europeism : the case of the Order of the Golden Fleece
Ordo Sancti Constantini Magni 1953-1993 : history of 40 years of the order
Die Ritterorden in Umbruchs- und Krisenzeiten = The military orders in times of change and crisis
Finnish chivalric orders in modern times
The rule of the Templars : the French text of the Rule of the order of the knights Templar
Requiem : the fall of the Templars
The cross on the sword : supplement to Orders of knighthood, awards and the Holy See
The Livonian crusade
The Scorpion. Volume 6 : the angel's shadow
The military orders. [Volume 1], Fighting for the faith and caring for the sick
The Templars : history & myth
The religion
The seven deadly sins. 3
The Sacred Military Order of St. Stephen Pope and Martyr
The seven deadly sins. 9
Orders of knighthood, awards and the Holy See
The Templars
The military orders. Volume 4, On land and by sea
The rise and fall of the Knights Templar : the Order of the Temple 1118-1314 : a true history of faith, glory, betrayal and tragedy
The orders, decorations and medals of Finland
Hospitallers : the history of the Order of St. John
World orders of knighthood & merit
The templar throne
A game of thrones
The Templar conspiracy
Red templar
Templar
The seven deadly sins. 2
The templars : knights of God
Templars, Hospitallers and Teutonic Knights : images of the military orders, 1128-1291
The Theatre of Honour and Knighthood, Orders of Knighthood, Power, Virtue and Honour : the Ideas of the State Honours System in England and France, c. 1660-1700
Constitutional charter and code of the Sovereign Military Hospitaller Order of St. John of Jerusalem of Rhodes and of Malta : promulgated 27 June 1961, revised by the Extraordinary Chapter General 28-30 April 1997.
Women in the military orders of the crusades
The town and its lord : Reval and the Teutonic Order (in the Fifteenth century)
The Book of Knights
Hospitaller Malta, 1530-1798 : studies on early modern Malta and the Order of St John of Jerusalem
The Order of St Michael and St George
Medieval civilization in Germany 800-1273
The Orders of Saint John : the history, structure, membership and modern role of the Five Hospitaller Orders of Saint John of Jerusalem
The Scorpion. Volume 8 : in the name of the son
Knights of fantasy : an overview, history, and critique of the self-styled 'orders' called 'of Saint John' or 'of Malta', in Denmark and other nordic countries
Ecclesiastical knights : the military orders in Castile, 1150-1330
Knights : facts, things to make, activities
Secret of the templars
From a master of contemporary fantasy comes the first novel of a landmark series unlike any you've ever read before. With A Game of Thrones, George R. R. Martin has launched a genuine masterpiece, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill the pages of this magnificent saga, the first volume in an epic series sure to delight fantasy fans everywhere.
Ot treh koron k dvuglavomu orlu = From the three crowns to the double-headed eagle
Sworn sword
Knights and castles
Knights of Orange : orders of the Netherlands
Military orders and crusades
The sword of the templars
The most noble Order of the Garter 650 years
The seven deadly sins. 7
The medieval knight at war
Knight hospitaller medicine in Malta : 1530-1798
A dance with dragons
The knights of Malta
The new knighthood : a history of the Order of the Temple
The knights of Malta : 900 years of care
Chivalry and chivalric traditions in the Republic of San Marino today
The Holy Infirmary of the Knights of St. John : "la Sacra Infermeria"
Fortresses of the knights
Archaeology and architecture of the military orders : new studies
An illustrated history of the Knights Templar
The history of the Finnish Johanniter
Assassin's creed IV : black flag ; Assassin's creed : rogue : PlayStation 3
The templars : history & myth
Italy's knights of St. George : the Constantinian Order
Valley of the templars
"Ecclesiastical Knights is a spirituality study of the three military orders of Santiago, Calatrava, and Alcantara in Leon-Castile from the twelfth to the early fourteenth centuries. It explores the fundamental problem of the military orders: how the traditions of knighthood and monasticism were combined into a single way of life"--
Love, war and the Grail
Royal service. 2
The seven deadly sins. 4
The knights of the round table
Sources concerning the Hospitallers of St John in the Netherlands, 14th-18th centuries
The monks of war : the military religious orders
The knights of St John in Malta
Knights of Malta : a gallery of portraits
The Knights Hospitaller in the Levant, c.1070-1309
The Order of the Holy Sepulchre in Finland
Shame and honor : a vulgar history of the Order of the Garter
Castle and church
Royal insignia : British and foreign orders of chivalry from the Royal Collection
Secrets of the Knights Templar : the hidden history of the world's most powerful order
The Russian imperial award system during the reign of Nicholas II, 1894-1917 / Ulla Tillander-Godenhielm ; toimittaja = redaktör = editor Torsten Edgren
The splintered kingdom
Assassin's creed : rogue : PlayStation 3
The White Cross as a symbol of knighthood in the modern world
Royal orders : the honours and the honoured
Chivalric orders in yesterday's and tomorrow's Europe
The Scorpion. Volume 7 : the mask of truth
Register of orders of chivalry : report of the International Commission for Orders of Chivalry = Registre des orders de chevalerie : rapport de la Commission Internationale d'Études des Ordres de Chevalerie
Studies on the Hospitallers after 1306 : Rhodes and the West
Pirates and the lost templar fleet : the secret naval war between the Knights Templar & the Vatican
The seven deadly sins. 5
A short history of the Knights Hospitaller of St. John, of Jerusalem, of Rhodes, and of Malta : illustrated
The spirit of the lion orders of Belgium
The Sovereign and Military Order of St. John of Jerusalem, styled of Malta : its history, aims and problems
The presence of the Order of the Holy Sepulchure in Finland
Assassin's creed : rogue : Xbox 360
The Baltic Crusade
The templar legion
The seven deadly sins. 8
The Knights Hospitaller of the English langue, 1460-1565
Papacy, religious orders, and international politics in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries
Clash of empires : the great siege
A new Norse knighthood? : the impact of the Templars in late twelfth-century Norway
The Order of the British Empire
The Order of the Garter, 1348-1461 : chivalry and politics in late Medieval England
Yesterday and today's knights orders of Romania
Knights of the hawk
Tuitio Europae : chivalric orders on the spiritual paths of Europe : proceedings of the Conference "The Spiritual Paths of Europe. Crusades, Pilgrimages and Chivalric Orders", Turku 28.-29.11.1997
Crusade and jihad : origins, history, aftermath /cMalcolm
The military orders. Volume 3, History and heritage
Humanitarian diplomacy: the sovereignity of the Order of Malta as a means of help to the poor and sick
The Order's early legacy in Malta : the Sovereign Military Hospitaller Order of St. John of Jerusalem of Rhodes and of Malta
The Teutonic Knights : a military history
The International Commission for Orders of Chivalry
Knights of the cloister : Templars and Hospitallers in central-southern Occitania, c.1100-c.1300
Conceptions of traditional chivalric Orders in the North
The image of triumph and the Knights of Malta
For prince and country: : awards and medals of Liechtenstein
