http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5954 nobility
nobility
Chasing Lady Amelia
No good duke goes unpunished
Rogue in my arms
The Cain saga. 2 : The sound of a boy hatching
Not quite a wife
The Duke's disaster
The conquest of Lady Cassandra
Will Dorning, as an earl's spare, has accepted the thankless duty of managing his rambunctious younger siblings, though Will's only true companions are the dogs he's treasured since boyhood. When aristocratic London is plagued with a series of dognappings, Will's brothers are convinced that he's the only person who can save the stolen canines from an awful fate. Shy, bookish Lady Susannah Haddonfield has no patience with loud, smelly beasts of any species, but must appear to like dogs so as not to offend her sister's only marital prospect. Susannah turns to Will, an acquaintance from her most awkward adolescent years, to teach her how to impersonate a dog fancier.
Desperately seeking a duke
The Cain saga. 4 : The seal of the red ram, part 2
The boy who wept blood
Humphrey Wescott, Earl of Riverdale, has died, leaving behind a fortune and a scandalous secret that will forever alter the lives of his family-sending one daughter on a journey of self-discovery...  With her parents' marriage declared bigamous, Camille Westcott is now illegitimate and without a title. Looking to eschew the trappings of her old life, she leaves London to teach at the Bath orphanage where her newly discovered half-sister lived. But even as she settles in, she must sit for a portrait commissioned by her grandmother and endure an artist who riles her every nerve.  An art teacher at the orphanage that was once his home, Joel Cunningham has been hired to paint the portrait of the haughty new teacher. But as Camille poses for Joel, their mutual contempt soon turns to desire. And it is only the bond between them that will allow them to weather the rough storm that lies ahead...
"The fall and restoration of Elin Tönnesdotter" : land, noble property strategies and the law in early seventeenth-century Sweden
Mr and Mrs Disraeli : a strange romance
Henry VIII's last love : the extraordinary life of Katherine Willoughby, lady-in-waiting to the Tudors
The winner's curse
Daughter of Venice
The favorite
Will's true wish
My irresistible earl
The duke and his duchess ; the courtship : two novellas of the Windham family
The moon and the sun
Confessions of a scoundrel
Eros the Slayer : two Estonian tales
The art of sinning
The earl takes all
Nine rules to break when romancing a rake
Lady Windermere's lover
The importance of being wicked
Once upon a tower
Forever your Earl
The rogue you know
Someone to hold
The Count of Monte Cristo
The duke's disaster
Humphrey Westcott, Earl of Riverdale, has died, leaving behind a fortune that will forever alter the lives of everyone in his family - including the daughter no one knew he had. Anna Snow grew up in an orphanage in Bath knowing nothing of the family she came from. Now she discovers that the late Earl of Riverdale was her father and that she has inherited his fortune. She is also overjoyed to learn she has siblings. However, they want nothing to do with her or her attempts to share her new wealth. But the new earl's guardian is interested in Anna. Avery Archer, Duke of Netherby, keeps others at a distance. Yet something prompts him to aid Anna in her transition from orphan to lady. As London society and her newfound relatives threaten to overwhelm Anna, Avery steps in to rescue her and finds himself vulnerable to feelings and desires he has hidden so well and for so long.
The silvered heart
A right honorable gentleman
The rogue not taken
Black butler. XVI
A season for scandal
Only beloved
The mammoth book of Regency romance
The Cain saga. 1 : Forgotten Juliet
A scot in the dark
The surrender of miss Fairbourne
The lion's lady
As the daughter of a famed author, Isolde Ophelia Goodnight grew up on tales of brave knights and fair maidens. She never doubted romance would be in her future, too. The storybooks offered endless possibilities. And as she grew older, Izzy crossed them off. One by one by one. Now Izzy's given up yearning for romance. She'll settle for a roof over her head. What fairy tales are left over for an impoverished twenty-six year-old woman who's never even been kissed?
The Bachelor
What the duke doesn't know
In ashes lie
Only enchanting
After six unsuccessful Seasons, Miss Minerva Dodger chooses spinsterhood over fortune-hungry suitors. But thanks to the Nightingale Club, she can at least enjoy one night of pleasure. At that notorious establishment, ladies don masks before choosing a lover. The sinfully handsome Duke of Ashebury is more than willing to satisfy the secretive lady's desires - and draws Minerva into an exquisite, increasingly intimate affair.
Highland chieftain
The scandalous duchess
How to woo a reluctant lady
"Gideon Harrow has spent his life in London's dark underworld--and he wants out. A thief and a con, he plans one last heist to finally win his freedom. But when everything goes wrong, he finds himself at the tender mercies of one of Society's most untouchable women--Lady Susanna Derring..... Susanna has spent her life in London's glittering ton, under the thumb of a domineering mother--and she wants out. When a wickedly charming rogue lands at her feet, she jumps at the chance to experience life before it's too late. But as she descends into London's underworld, she finds that nothing--not even Gideon--is as it seems. As excitement turns to danger, Susanna must decide what price she's willing to pay...for the love of a reformed thief"--provided by publisher.
In love with a wicked man
One good earl deserves a lover
The book of scandal
Scandal takes the stage
Black butler. XVIII
A Scot in the dark
Deeds of men : An Onyx Court Novella
"In the second novel of Maya Rodale enchanting Keeping Up with the Cavendishes series, an American heiress finds her reputation--and heart--in danger when she travels to London and meets a wickedly tempting rake ... Lady Amelia is fed up with being a proper lady and wishes to explore London, so one night she escapes & nd finds herself in the company of one Alistair Finlay-Jones. He been ordered by his uncle to wed one of the American girls. How lucky then, that one of them stumbles right into his arms! Alistair and Amelia have one perfect day to explore London, from Astley Amphitheater to Vauxhall Gardens. Inevitably they end up falling in love and making love. If anyone finds out, she will be ruined, but he will win everything he ever wanted. When Amelia finds out Alistair has been ordered to marry her, he must woo her and win back the angry American girl. But with the threat of scandals, plural, looming ... will he ever catch up to the woman he loves?"--Page 4 of cover.
In 1814 London, Gretchen must put aside annoyance at the constant buzzing caused by being a Whisperer, concern about her twin brother, her growing feelings for a member of the Order of Iron Nail, and the boredom of being a debutante when a new menace threatens Mayfair.
Heir to the duke
The dread wyrm
Lord of wicked intentions
A scoundrel by moonlight
The Earl's mistress
Too dangerous for a lady
In the thirty years since Elizabeth I ascended her throne, fae and mortal politics have become inextricably entwined, in secret alliances and ruthless betrayals whose existence is suspected only by a few. Two courtiers, both struggling for royal favor, are about to uncover the secrets that lie behind these two thrones. And a faerie lady's courage and loyalty are about to be tested.
Reasons for marriage
The hound of the Baskervilles
When beauty tamed the beast
No longer a gentleman
In bed with a highlander
A fatal winter : a Max Tudor novel
The Borgias : the hidden history
What woman in her right mind would say no to marrying the dashing Duke of Sedgemoor? Miss Penelope Thorne, that's who. She's known Camden Rothermere since they were children-and she also knows she'd bring nothing but scandal to his name. Cam can hardly believe Penelope turned down his proposal. But if she wants to run off to the Continent and set the rumor mill ablaze, he can't stop her. Then her brother's dying request sends him to bring home the one woman he thought he'd finally gotten over. The only way they'll both get back to London without their reputations in tatters is to pretend they're married during the journey. That means kissing like they mean it and even sharing a bed-until it becomes hard to tell where the game ends and true desire begins . . .
The decline of the Venetian nobility as a ruling class
Why lords lose their hearts
The Cavendon women
The Cain saga. 4 : The seal of the red ram, part 1
The engagement of Lady Kestrel to Valoria's crown prince is the event of a lifetime, but to Kestrel it means living in a cage of her own making, so as she aches to tell the truth about her engagement, she becomes a skilled practitioner of deceit and as a spy passes information and gets close to uncovering a shocking secret / Library of Congress.
Unfinished piece for the player piano = Neokontšennaja pjesa dlja mehanitšeskogo pianino
Cold-hearted rake
Playwright Maggie Delamere shuts down aristocratic males with a mere flick of her razor-sharp quill. If only they were so easy to dispatch offstage--especially Cameron, Viscount Marwood. The impossibly charismatic man seems made to test her resistance. But when writer's block and an enemy from Maggie's past simultaneously strike, Cam makes an all-too-tempting proposal . . .Cam has never offered a lady his bed without being in it . . . but Maggie needs a writer's retreat, and his manor is just the place. It's the least Cam can do for the brilliant woman who pens his favorite plays. Still, there's something more than social justice behind the relish which she skewers her gentleman characters. And as Maggie's pen and inhibitions loosen, Cam intends to unlock her secrets - one delicious revelation at a time.
When Rosalind Sharpe gains the attention of the deliciously wicked Duke of Avendale, she's torn between her distracting attraction to the notorious rogue and the knowledge that he, rich as Croesus is the perfect target for a deception that will put her swindling days behind her. However, Avendale is no fool. After he discovers the tantalizing lady packing up to leave London with his coins in tow, he confronts her with a scandalous proposition: she can have all the money she requires ... for a week in his bed. Desperate for the funds, Rose agrees, but on one condition: he must never question her motives. Avendale quickly sees beneath her mask and discovers she is more than passion and pleasure - she is everything he has ever desired. But claiming her requires he unveil her secrets and lose her forever. Unless he can put his own dark past aside and risk everything for a chance at love.
Say yes to the marquess
Adrian Ferrers, Earl of Rivenham, has been tasked by the king to uncover a traitor, but instead he finds a conspiracy. Lady Leonora knows that Rivenham is the devil in disguise and that the tension between them is as irresistible and unpredictable as their situation. When war breaks out she knows she has no choice but to put her trust in the man holding her hostage and hope that love does not become a weapon that will destroy both of them.
Romancing the duke
The duke and the lady in red
The duke diaries
The Cain saga. 3 : Kafka
Once more, my darling rogue
The winner's crime
A bride for the season
When the duke was wicked
Whisper the dead
The King's sister
The reluctant countess
Whose body?
Falling into bed with a duke
Eleanor Hawke loves a good scandal. And readers of her successful gossip rag live for the exploits of her favorite subject: Daniel Balfour, the notorious Earl of Ashford. So when the earl himself marches into her office and invites her to experience his illicit pursuits firsthand, Eleanor is stunned. Gambling hells, phaeton races, masquerades. What more could a scandal writer want than a secret look into the life of this devilishly handsome rake? Daniel has secrets, and if 'The Hawk's Eye' gets wind of them, a man's life could be at stake. And what better way to distract a gossip than by feeding her the scandal she desperately craves? But Daniel never expected the sharp mind and biting wit of the beautiful writer, and their desire for each other threatens even his best-laid plans.
First season ; Bride to be
The surrender of Miss Fairbourne
A gentleman in Moscow
Highland scandal
Trials of the King of Hampshire : madness, secrecy and betrayal in Georgian England
A secret affair
The custom of the army : an outlander novella
Little Lord Fauntleroy
A bloody field by Shrewsbury
Jojo's bizarre adventure. Part 1, Phantom blood. 03
One touch of scandal
An aristocratic girl who is a member of a warmongering and enslaving empire purchases a slave, an act that sets in motion a rebellion that might overthrow her world as well as her heart  / Library of Congress.
Claire Cavendish is in search of a duke, but not for the usual reasons.  The man she seeks is a mathematician; the man she unwittingly finds is Lord Fox: dynamic, athletic, and as bored by the equations Claire adores as she is by the social whirl upon which he thrives.
How to capture a countess
A plague of swords
Highland guard
Good earl hunting
Seven years to sin
An heiress at heart
A rogue by any other name
Responsible for protecting her younger siblings from their abusive father, Bethoc Matheson is in no position to rescue another soul in Scotland. Yet when she sees a bleeding man on the verge of drowning, that's exactly what she does, securing him safely in a cave where she can return day after day to tend to his wounds. Sir Callum MacMillan can scarcely believe such a slight lass as Bethoc could save him from the grasp of death. But he knows the telltale marks of an angry fist on her skin, and he knows she has the soul of a fighter within her feminine frame. Raised to be a protector of the weak by his Murray clansman, Callum would prefer to be the one saving her and save her, he will. If he can first survive the treacherous attack that led him into her irresistible arms . . .
Lady Bridget's diary
Lonesome Lily turned Scandalous Siren Miss Lillian Harwood has lived much of her life alone in a gilded cage, longing for love and companionship. When an artist offers her pretty promises and begs her to pose for a scandalous portrait, Lily doesn't hesitate ...until the lying libertine leaves her in disgrace. With the painting now public, Lily has no choice but to turn to the one man who might save her from ruin. Highland Devil turned Halfhearted Duke The Duke of Warnick loathes all things English, none more so than the aristocracy. It does not matter that the imposing Scotsman has inherited one of the most venerable dukedoms in Britain - he wants nothing to do with it, especially when he discovers that the unwanted title comes with a troublesome ward, one who is far too old and far too beautiful to be his problem. Tartan Comes to Town Warnick arrives in London with a single goal: get the chit married and see her become someone else's problem, then return to a normal, quiet life in Scotland. It's the perfect plan, until Lily declares she'll only marry for love ...and the Scot finds that there is one thing in England he likes far too much ...
Never judge a lady by her cover
The duke is mine
Midnight never come
The secrets of Sir Richard Kenworthy
Jeeves and the yule-tide spirit and other stories
At your pleasure
Lady Claire is all that
The trouble with honour
The crisis of the Danish nobility 1580-1660
A courtesan's scandal
Undercover with the earl
Some like it Scot
When tempting a rogue
The accidental duchess
The widow's auction : a novella
What to do with a duke
The devil takes a bride
The earl claims his wife
The pelican at Blandings
Seven nights in a rogue's bed
I love the Earl
Black butler. XVII
London, 1666. In the house of a sleeping baker, a spark leaps free of the oven -- and ignites a blaze that will burn London to the ground. While the humans struggle to halt the conflagration that is devouring the city street by street, the fae pit themselves against a less tangible foe: the spirit of the fire itself, powerful enough to annihilate everything in its path. Mortal and fae will have to lay aside the differences that divide them, and fight together for the survival of London itself.
Humphrey Wescott, Earl of Riverdale, has died, leaving behind a fortune and a scandalous secret that will forever alter the lives of everyone in his family--including the daughter no one knew he had.... Anna Snow grew up in an orphanage in Bath, knowing nothing of the family she came from. Now she discovers that the late Earl of Riverdale was her father and that she has inherited his fortune. She is also overjoyed to learn she has siblings. However, they want nothing to do with her or her attempts to share her new wealth. But the new earl's guardian is interested in Anna....Avery Archer, Duke of Netherby, keeps others at a distance. Yet something prompts him to aid Anna in her transition from orphan to lady. As London society and Anna's newfound relatives threaten to overwhelm her, Avery steps in to rescue her and finds himself vulnerable to feelings and desires he has hidden so well for so long.
