http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5951 evidences
evidences proofs
Testimony
14th deadly sin
Religion, spirituality and the near-death experience
Child-marriages, divorces, and ratifications, & c. in the diocese of Chester, A.D. 1561-6 : depositions in trials in the Bishop's court, Chester conserning 1. Child-marriages, divorces and ratifications. 2. Trothpligts. 3. Adulteries. 4. Affiliations. 5. Libels. 6. Wills. 7. Miscellaneous matters. 8. Clandestine marriages : also entries from the Mayors' books, Chester, A.D. 1558-1600
Forensic applications of mass spectrometry
Criminal investigation : motivation, emotion and cognition in the processing of evidence
Accidents : causes, investigation and prevention
God and other spirits : intimations of transcendence in Christian experience
Written evidence and discovery in international arbitration : new issues and tendencies
Evidence and the adversarial process : the modern law
Forensic speaker recognition : law enforcement and counter-terrorism
The drop
Expertise and decision making among clinicians in investigations of alleged child sexual abuse
Easter bunny loose!
The nuts and bolts of proofs : an introduction to mathematical proofs
Naming Jack the Ripper : new crime scene evidence, a stunning forensic breakthrough, the killer revealed
How to teach argumentation? : "Bildungsstandards" in the foreign language classroom
Forensics : the anatomy of crime
Irrefutable evidence : adventures in the history of forensic science
The burdens of proof : discriminatory power, weight of evidence, and tenacity of belief
The associate
The origins of reasonable doubt : theological roots of the criminal trial
Legal evidence and proof : statistics, stories, logic
Evolution : process and product
A case for the divinity of Jesus : examining the earliest evidence
Evidence-based public management : practices, issues, and prospects
Legal photography : a complete reference for documenting scenes, situations, and evidence for civil cases
Interrogating to detect deception and truth : effects of strategic use of evidence
What counts as evidence in linguistics : the case of innateness
All I did was shoot my man
The girl who kicked the hornets' nest
A natural history of ghosts : 500 years of hunting for proof
Digital evidence and computer crime : forensic science, computers and the internet
International electronic evidence
Mass grave and mass grave related site investigations : the use of material gathered during the investigations as evidence in the international criminal tribunals of Yugoslavia and Rwanda
Forensics : crime scene investigations from murder to global terrorism
Proof, evidentiary assessment and credibility in asylum procedures
Forensic science : a beginner's guide
"In this book, an array of legal, biomedical, psychosocial, and social science scholars and practitioners offer the first comparative account of the increasing dependence on expertise in the asylum and refugee status determination process. This volume presents a comprehensive study of the relevance of experts, as mediators of culture, who are called upon to corroborate, substantiate credibility, and serve as translators in the face of confusing legal standards that require proof of new forms and reasons for persecution around the globe. The authors draw upon their interactions with expertise and the immigration process to provide insights into the evidentiary burdens on asylum seekers and the expanding role of expertise in the forms of country-conditions reports, biomedical and psychiatric evaluations, and the emerging field of forensic linguistic analysis in response to emerging forms of persecution, such as gender-based or sexuality-based persecution. This book is essential reading for both scholars interested in the production of knowledge and clinicians considering the role of experts as mediators of asylum claims"--
Beyond : on life after death
Serpent : a novel from the NUMA files
Evidentialism : essays in epistemology
Through their work at the Near Death Experience Research Foundation, radiation oncologist Jeffrey Long and his wife, Jody, have gathered thousands of accounts of near-death experiences (NDEs) from all over the world. "Largest NDE study ever conducted reveals proof of life after death" -- Dust jacket.
Novel problems relating to criminal evidence have emerged in connection with the recent developments of technology and society. In this paper, some of these legal and practical problems are identified and examined, with a distinction made between mostly cybercrime-specific problems and problems related to electronic evidence. This paper provides an overview of the topic and brings to light the need for continuing research in the field..
Linguistic theory and empirical evidence
Is there life after death? : an examination of the empirical evidence
A sexual sadist, he took pleasure in torture and murder. His first victims were a teenage couple, stalked and shot dead in a lovers' lane. After another slaying, he sent his first mocking note to authorities, promising he would kill more. The official tally of his victims was six. He claimed thirty-seven dead. The real toll may have reached fifty.  Robert Graysmith was on staff at the The San Francisco Chronicle in 1968 when Zodiac first struck, triggering in the resolute reporter an unrelenting obsession with seeing the hooded killer brought to justice. In this gripping account of Zodiac's eleven-month reign of terror, Graysmith reveals hundreds of facts previously unreleased, including the complete text of the killer's letters.
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
Contested Will : who wrote Shakespeare?
The girl who kicked the hornet's nest
Murphy on evidence
The drop : a novel
Forensic Speaker Recognition: Law Enforcement and Counter-Terrorism is an anthology of the research findings of 35 speaker recognition experts from around the world. The volume provides a multidimensional view of the complex science involved in determining whether a suspects voice truly matches forensic speech samples, collected by law enforcement and counter-terrorism agencies, that are associated with the commission of a terrorist act or other crimes. While addressing such topics as the challenges of forensic case work, handling speech signal degradation, analyzing features of speaker recognition to optimize voice verification system performance, and designing voice applications that meet the practical needs of law enforcement and counter-terrorism agencies, this material all sounds a common theme: how the rigors of forensic utility are demanding new levels of excellence in all aspects of speaker recognition. The contributors are among the most eminent scientists in speech engineering and signal processing; and their work represents such diverse countries as Switzerland, Sweden, Italy, France, Japan, India and the United States.Forensic Speaker Recognition is a useful book for forensic speech scientists, speech signal processing experts, speech system developers, criminal prosecutors and counter-terrorism intelligence officers and agents.
Letters to Doubting Thomas : a case for the existence of God
The proof is in the pudding : the changing nature of mathematical proof
Evidence of the afterlife : the science of near-death experiences
Evidence, inference and enquiry
Child sexual abuse : interpreting medical statement conclusions and biological evidence detection in the criminal legal process
How did Christianity begin? : a believer and non-believer examine the evidence
Hard facts, dangerous half-truths, and total nonsense : profiting from evidence-based management
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Camera clues : a handbook for photographic investigation
The principles of criminal evidence
UFOs, ETs, and alien abductions : a scientist looks at the evidence
Evidence in European asylum procedures
Criminal evidence in the network society: new problems, new solutions?
Embedding evidence-based practice in speech and language therapy : international examples
New clothes for old souls : worldwide evidence for reincarnation
Evolution : what the fossils say and why it matters
Adjudicating refugee and asylum status : the role of witness, expertise, and testimony
Legal questions and scientific answers : ontological differences and epistemic gaps in the assessment of causal relations
