http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5958 soil extraction
soil extraction
Nitrogen in a sustainable ecosystem from the cell to the plant
Selenium fertilization : plant uptake and residuals in soil
Nutrient acquisition by plants : an ecological perspective
Cadmium, a challenge for organisms : agricultural perspectives
Aineen Kuvataidesäätiön taidekokoelma : Aineen taidemuseo = Aines Bildkonststiftelses samling : Aines konstmuseum = Collection of the Aine Pictorial Art Foundation : The Aine Art Museum / [toimittaja: Katriina Pietilä-Juntura]
Sculptor 90 [Suomen kuvanveistäjäliiton 80-vuotisnäyttely] = [The 80th anniversary exhibition of the Association of Finnish Sculptors] : [10.3.-1.4.1990 Helsingin taidehalli, 21.4.-3.6.1990 Aineen tai
Microbiological control for foods and agricultural products
Landfill waste pollution and control
Aineen kuvataidesäätiön taidekokoelma : Aineen taidemuseo = Aines Bildkonststiftelses samling : Aines konstmuseum = Collection of the Aine Pictorial Art Foundation : The Aine Art Museum / [toimittaja: Katriina Pietilä-Juntura]
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Variation in the amount of organic carbon in soil within a forest stand: effect of trees and implications for sampling
Human and animal health in relation to circulation processes of selenium and cadmium
Mineral nutrition of higher plants
The sampling of hill soils and herbage, with particular reference to the determination of the trace elements
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Soil microbiology, ecology, and biochemistry
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
Marine sediment extraction in the Baltic Sea : status report
