http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5959 historism
historism
Negotiating the past : the historical understanding of medieval literature
Global literary theory : an anthology
Cultures of international exhibitions, 1840-1940 : great exhibitions in the margins
The Oulu school of architecture = Arkkitehtuurin Oulun koulu
Biedermeier to Bauhaus : authentic German decor
The rise of historicism in Russia
Heidegger, Dilthey, and the crisis of historicism
"In Read My Desire, Joan Copjec stages a confrontation between the theories of Jacques Lacan and Michel Foucault, protagonists of two powerful modern discourses--psychoanalysis and historicism. Ordinarily, these discourses only cross paths long enough for historicists to charge psychoanalysis with an indifference to history, but here psychoanalysis, via Lacan, goes on the offensive. Refusing to cede historicity to the historicists, Copjec makes a case for the superiority of Lacan's explanation of historical processes and generative principles. Her goal is to inspire a new kind of cultural critique, one that is 'literate in desire', and capable of interpreting what is unsaid in the manifold operations of culture"--Page 4 of cover.
Shakespeare minus "theory"
Paradigms found : feminist, gay, and new historicist readings of Shakespeare
Toward a new historicism
New historical literary study : essays on reproducing texts, representing history
Greek tragedy and the historian
Revival styles in the 19th century : an exhibition from the collections of the Budapest Museum of Applied Arts : kiállitás az Iparmüvészeti Múzeum Gyüjteményéböl = Historizmus és eklektika. Catalogue = Katalógus 2, Illustration = Képkötet
Karl Popper's philosophy of science : rationality without foundations
The laws of history
The open society and its enemies
Historicism, psychoanalysis, and early modern culture
Cultural materialism : theory and practice
Making and remaking Italy : the cultivation of national identity around the Risorgimento
Historicizing as a feminist practice : the places of history in Judith Butler's constructivist theories
Hermeneutics in the philosophy of Giambattista Vico : Vico's paradox, revolutionary humanistic vision for the new age
The German enlightenment and the rise of historicism
New historicism and cultural materialism : a reader
Philosophy between the lines : the lost history of esoteric writing
The culture of violence : tragedy and history
Neutral ground : new traditionalism and the American romance controversy
Historicism
Religion and the rise of historicism : W. M. L. D Wette, Jacob Burkhardt and the theological origins of nineteenth-century historical consciousness
The architect Jac. Ahrenberg and studies on Turku castle at the turn of the 20th century / Anna Ripatti
History and totality : radical historicism from Hegel to Foucault
Critical theory today : a user-friendly guide
Classicism and history : anachronistic architectural thinking in Finland at the turn of the century : Jac. Ahrenberg and Gustav Nyström
History as the story of liberty
Learning to curse : essays in early modern culture
Tropes for the past : Hayden White and the history/literature debate
Beginning theory : an introduction to literary and cultural theory
Read my desire : Lacan against the historicists
Images, icons, and the Irish nationalist imagination
Selected medieval and religious themes in the works of C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien
This is the first history in English of German historicism, the intellectual tradition which holds that history is the key to understanding all human values, beliefs and actions. Beiser surveys the key thinkers from the mid-18th to the early 20th century and illuminates the sources and reasons for this revolution in modern thought.
Fire alarm : reading Walter Benjamin's "On the concept of history"
The German conception of history : the national tradition of historical thought from Herder to the present
Modern literary theory : a reader
England in 1819 : the politics of literary culture and the case of romantic historicism
Maurice Mandelbaum and American critical realism
The poverty of historicism
Historicizing Milton : spectacle, power, and poetry in restoration England
Revival styles in the 19th century : an exhibition from the collections of the Budapest Museum of Applied Arts. Catalogue 1, Text
Contextualist dilemmas : methodology of the history of political theory in two stages
The open society. Vol. 2, The high tide of prophecy: Hegel, Marx, and the aftermath
Classicism and history : anachronistic architectural thinking in Finland at the turn of the century J. A. C. Ahrenberg and Gustaf Nyström
New historicism reader
The discovery of historicity in German idealism and historism
The German historicist tradition
Shakespeare and contemporary theory : new historicism and cultural materialism
Faces of history : historical inquiry from Herodotus to Herder
German Idealism develops its philosophy of history as the theory of becoming absolute and as absolute knowledge. Historism also originates from Hegel's and Schelling's discovery of absolute historicity as it turns against Idealism's philosophy of history by emphasizing the singular and unique in the process of history. German Idealism and Historism can be considered as the central German contribution to the history of ideas. Since Idealism became most influential for modern philosophy and Historism for modern historiography, they are analyzed in this volume in a collaboration of philosophers and historians. German Idealism is presented in Schelling and its critics Schlegel, Baader, and Nietzsche, Historism in Ranke, Droysen, Burckhardt, and Treitschke. The volume further presents the impact of Idealism and Historism on present German approaches to the philosophy of history and outlines the debates on the possibility of a philosophy of history and on the methodology of the historical sciences.
The new historicism : and other old-fashioned topics
Signs of change : premodern, modern, postmodern
Untimely matter in the time of Shakespeare
Figural realism : studies in the mimesis effect
Local transcendence : essays on postmodern historicism and the database
Wilhelm Dilthey's philosophy pf history
Politics and history in William Golding : the world turned upside down
Silencing the past : power and the production of history
Readers in history : nineteenth-century American literature and the contexts of response
The open society and its enemies. Vol. 2, Hegel and Marx
New historicism and cultural materialism
An introduction to the philosophy of history
Fifty key thinkers on history
Practicing new historicism
New literary histories : new historicism and contemporary criticism
The open society and its enemies. Vol. 1, The spell of Plato
Debating the state of philosophy
The new historicism
English studies and history
Shakespeare and historical formalism
Rethinking historicism : critical readings in romantic history
Hegel's ontology and the theory of historicity
Expanding realism : the historical dimension of world politics
Classicism and history : anachronistic architectural thinking in Finland at the turn of the century : Jac. Ahrenberg and Gustaf Nyström
Xenophon's prince : republic and empire in the Cyropaedia
Conjectures and refutations : the growth of scientific knowledge
Recapturing anthropology : working in the present
From pilgrimage to history : the Renaissance and global historicism
