http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5968 incurring of debts
incurring of debts
The lost continent : the BBC's Europe editor on Europe's darkest hour since World War Two
Insolvency and debt recovery procedures in economic development : an overview of African law
Gus Dur and the Indonesian economy
Bailout : an inside account of how Washington abandoned Main Street white rescuing Wall Street
Why the poor pay more : how to stop predatory lending
HIPC debt relief : myths and reality
"Se menee, mikä tulee..." : ylivelkaantumisesta selviytyminen alle 25-vuotiaana vekaantuneiden näkökulmasta = "Money comes in, money goes out..." : coping over-indeptness : the point of view of the people, who got into debt under 25th birthday
The dynamics of capital structure in transition economies
Confessions of a shopaholic
Lost decades : the making of America's debt crisis and the long recovery
The secret dreamworld of a shopaholic
UNCTAD handbook of statistics 2001.
The housing boom and bust
Dr Graham Lawler's Back to the black : how to get out of debt and stay out of debt
Consolidation measures strengthen public finances
Debt relief for low-income countries : arbitration as the alternative to present, unsuccesful debt strategies
Collective action and bilateral interaction in Ghanaian entrepreneurial networks
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
The bonds of debt : borrowing against the common good
Household debt - how much is too much?
Dept relief and the HIPC initiative in African countries : case study of five African countries
The progress of nations 2000.
Russia's treasury bill market has taken off in recent years.The volume of outstanding stock has grown manyfold, so that the volume of trading on the secondary market is now enough to ensure liquidity.The yields of treasury bills, which once fluctuated wildly in response to trends in inflation and political uncertainty, have now settled to low enough levels where they may actually help stabilize Russian financial markets.If this, happens, we may soon expect to see increasing investments in production capacity. The T-bill market is mainly regulated by the Central Bank of Russia, which uses treasury bills as an instrument of monetary policy.Meanwhile, the government of the Federation of Russia has increasingly sought to use the T-bill market as a source of revenue.As the Central Bank of Russia will no longer extend direct credit to the government, inflation has naturally fallen.However, if there are to be further cuts in the yields of treasury bills, the government would probably have to curtail its borrowing.For this to happen the government must cut expenditures even further or improve its tax collection systems. .
Regional divergence is a strong feature of the Finnish housing market and household debt. House prices are higher in growth centres than in the rest of the country, and households in growth centres also have more housing debt both in absolute terms and relative to their income. In the long term, the mutually reinforcing cycles and vulnerabilities in housing and credit markets could turn out to be detrimental to financial stability and the macroeconomy..
Aggregate investment and corporate indebtedness : some empirical evidence from Finland
Does the HIPC initiative achive its goal of debt sustainability?
The sustainability of Russian fiscal policy
People and the debt crisis - challenge for NGOs : final report of a Conference organised by the Special NGO Committee on Development (Geneva) 27-29 November 1989.
Boomerang : travels in the new third world
Rich bitch : a simple 12-step plan for getting your financial life together...finally
Spent : memoirs of a shopping addict
On (Sub) Optimal Monetary Policy rules under Untied Fiscal Hands
The Asia-Pacific restructuring and insolvency guide 2003/2004
Private indebtedness and the banking crisis in Finland
The fragile middle class : Americans in debt
13th labour of Hercules : inside the Greek crisis
Debt relief and the HIPC initiative in African countries : case study of five African countries
A proposal for "COoperative Relief of Debt in Africa" (CORDA)
The making of the indebted man : an essay on the neoliberal condition
Little Dorrit
The last vote : the threats to Western democracy
Recent developments in transit-border insolvency
Pace of debt growth disquieting
UNCTAD handbook of statistics
With good reputation size does not matter : issue frequency and determinants of debt maturity
Paper promises : debt, money, and the new world order
The Cooler
Debts and debtors
The effect of leverage on firm growth
Money from nothing : indebtedness and aspiration in South Africa
Aid, debt burden and government fiscal behaviour : a new model applied to Côte d'Ivoire
The uncertainty of debt service payments and economic growth of HIPCs : is there a case for debt relief?
Macroprudential supervision racing to keep pace with market developments
External debt statistics : resource flows, debt stocks and debt service
Handbook of international economic statistics
High housing debt increases risks to financial stability
The trends of the early post-millennium years - a larger average loan size and longer loan repayment periods - have permanently increased household vulnerability to debt-related risks in Finland. Household indebtedness embraces another four features that amplify the risks to the economy: the debt level is high relative to GDP, risks are unevenly distributed, loans are tied to variable interest rates and, in part, loans are large relative to the collateral provided. The stabilisation of debt developments in the 2010s has been positive for financial stability..
Vanished
Abstract: Debt counselling and the problems in debt counselling work.
Waiving and drowning? : debt and Millennium declaration development goals
Finland's financial system is, by structure, vulnerable to risks associated with lending for house purchase. Housing loan volumes are large relative to other lending by banks and requirements on banks' own funds. The fact that household debt levels have increased and that housing wealth constitutes a large proportion of household assets also increases the vulnerabilities. In addition, covered bonds secured by housing loans play a significant role in bank funding and investment. However, the increase in vulnerabilities has largely levelled off in the 2010s..
African central government debt : statistical yearbook
Trade and sustainable finance for development
A brief assessment of Russia's treasury bill market
Payday lending : global growth of the high-cost credit market
AIDS, economic growth and the HIPC initiative in Honduras
Hiccups for HIPCs?
Financing choices of firms in EU accession countries
Debt for sale : a social history of the credit trap
Debt issues in Africa : thinking beyond the HIPC initiative to solving structural problems
The HIPC-Inititive and poverty alleviation : Uganda a case study
About the liabilities and duties of the directors of an insolvent company in the Finnish law
Credit risk management and bad debt controlling : case: ANZ Vietnam
From the local to the global : key issues in development studies
Of the various factors of uncertainty surrounding the international economic outlook at the present time, a substantial proportion relates to policy choices. Much expectation focuses on US economic policy in the immediate years ahead, but so far no details are known. Meanwhile, the United Kingdom's new arrangements in respect of its international economic relations remain undecided, while the UK Government's detailed objectives are not entirely clear. Politically motivated uncertainties regarding the economic outlook are also to be found elsewhere in Europe and beyond..
The tax consequences of restrucuring of indebtedness (debt work-outs)
Debt, financial fragility, and systemic risk
Improving financial literacy : analysis of issues and policies
Proceedings of the Second Inter-regional Debt Management Conference : Geneva, 3-5 April 2000
Debt and PRSP conditionality : the Kenya case
Monetary policy will continue to support price stability and growth
The Asia-Pacific restructuring and insolvency guide 2006
Debt relief under the HIPC initiative : context and outlook for debt sustainability and resource flows
Developing country debt crisis : the pure theory of country risk
The prolonged recession in the Finnish economy has been directly reflected in the public finances, which have posted a deficit for 6 years already. In 2017, the public debt will rise to over 68% of GDP, which is more than double the level recorded in 2008. Given that the longer-term outlook for Finnish economic growth is poor due to the prolonged recession, a dwindling working-age population and industrial restructuring, the upward trend in public debt is disquieting..
Your money or your life! : the tyranny of global finance
Debt relief and growth : a study of Zambia and Tanzania
The effect of risk-based factors on the value premium : the Finnish evidence
The grip of death : a study of modern money, debt, slavery and destructive economics
Proceedings of the third Inter-regional Debt Management Conference, Geneva, 3-6 December  2001
The effects of the Government's economic policy programme are assessed separately in this alternative scenario, as the programme is not included in the baseline forecast. The consolidation measures, if carried through, will markedly strengthen the public finances. On account of the measures, growth in the general government debt to GDP ratio will come to a halt in 2019. The effects on economic growth essentially depend on whether cost-competitiveness can also be improved. Despite the consolidation measures, the general government debt ratio resumes growth over the longer term..
External debt and growth in developing countries : a sensitivity and causal analysis
Free markets and food riots : the politics of global adjustment
Indebtedness : rates of indebtedness
Any room for aesthetics : shopping practices of heavily indebted consumers
World debt tables
In a prolonged environment of exceptionally low interest rates, the authorities are responsible for ensuring the adequate monitoring of potential vulnerabilities due to low interest rates. Before measures to manage risks can be implemented, the risks must first be identified. Owing to continuous market developments, there is a strong need to update the analysis conducted by the authorities..
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
Summary (s. iii).
The HIPC debt relief initiative : Uganda's experience
This paper briefly examines the sustainability of the Russian fiscal policy.Russia has run quite large general government deficits during the transition years.Some simple simulations show that the present policies are not sustainable in the medium-term, unless economic growth accelerates significantly and real interest rate declines.If these positive developments do not materialize, Russia must tighten her fiscal policy.  Keywords: Fiscal policy, public debt, Russia .
Debt reduction for poverty eradication in the least developed countries : analysis and recommendations on LDC debt
Explains how we got into the current economic disaster that developed out of the economics and politics of the housing boom and bust. The "creative" financing of home mortgages and "creative" marketing of financial securities based on these mortgages to countries around the world, are part of the story of how a financial house of cards was built up--and then collapsed.
Household over-indebtedness in the EU : the role of informal debts
Empirical assessment of sustainability and feasibility of government debt : the Philippines case
A fate worse than debt
Confessions of a shopaholic : previously published as The secret dreamworld of a shopaholic
Helsinki Process papers on global economic agenda
Debt relief and growth
Debt relief and health care in Kenya
"Separate Islands" : challenges of financial and debt counselors' work
Impacts of Africa's growing debt on its growth
The devil in the Marshalsea
Debt relief for poor countries
The indebtedness of agriculture in Finland
The HIPC initiative and poverty reduction in Ghana : an assessment
A world safe for capitalism : dollar diplomacy and America's rise to global power
The progress of nations 1999.
Can HIPC reduce poverty inTanzania?
Unsustainable debt burden and poverty in pakistan : a case for enchanced HIPC initiative
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
Banking for people : social banking and new poverty, consumer debts and unemployment in Europe - national reports
Joint BIS-IMF-OECD-World Bank statistics on external debt
Still waiting for the jubilee : pragmatic solutions to the Third World debt crisis
Proceedings of the fourth  Inter-regional Debt Management Conference and WADMO Conference, Geneva, 10-12 November 2003
Contemporary issues in consumer bankruptcy
The impact of the 2008 financial crises on Finnish and American households
Debt relief and HIPC iniative in African countries : case study of five African countries
One country, many housing markets
Handle with care
Consumer bankruptcy in global perspective
Deuda pública externa de los países de América Latina = External public debt of the Latin American countries
Global finance : new thinking on regulating speculative capital markets
African economic outlook
Debt and delusion : central bank follies that threaten economic disaster
HIPC debt relief and policy reform incentives
