http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5963 music videos
music videos
Live at the Astoria London
Videography : the singles collection on video
Brothers in arms : the Videosingles
The cinesthetic montage of music-video : hearing the image and seeing the sound
Showreel.01 : 53 projects on audiovisual design
Basking in the Shadows
Sultans of swing : the very best of
Mediating music through humour : the birth of Pensselisetä
Desired sadness awaits / [esitt.] Sole Convert
Creating experiences in the experience economy
I want my MTV : the uncensored story of the music video revolution
Seen The Lights : A Visual History
Project management in the Finnish music industry
Drive home
Willie and the Poor Boys : a classic rock 'n' roll movie
Analysing musical multimedia
Thieves of the Night
The last concert : 25th anniversary edition
Music videos in the periphery?
Understanding popular music
Monsters of metal : the ultimate metal compilation double DVD. Vol. 2
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Presents the first decade of the MTV network, developing from a radical programming concept to a defining network for a generation and a force in the worlds of music, television, sports, fashion, and politics.
Video Greatest Hits : History
Don't give me names
7 television commercials
So you wanna be a pop star : number one hits
This article discusses Christian rock videos. Videos from a collection entitled Wow Hits 2002: the year's top Christian music videos are used as examples. The title of the collection declares that the videos are "Christian", and the question asked in the article is how this quality may be seen in the videos. How may the videos be seen as visual representations of Christianity? Using a semiotic framework, two possible types of such representations of Christianity in the videos are discussed. These are references to traditional christian imagery; and the style and appearance of the artists. .
Storytelling giant
Totally diva
Welcome to the videos
The very best of
Rocking through the years : 26 video hits
You stand there : making music video
Baby snakes : a movie about people who do stuff that is not normal
The Smashing Pumpkins 1991-2000 : Greatest Hits Video Collection
Greatest Video Hits
Live in concert : A selection of the very best of the band of the seventies
Queer nostalgia in cinema and pop culture
Meeting people is easy : a film
Moving picture book
Live from Axis Mundi
Divine Madness : sight and sound
The Beach Boys : Endless harmony - The Beach Boys story
The greatest video hits. Chapter one
Ghosts
Simply the best : the video collection
George on tap plus!
The Fab films of The Beatles
Visual representations of Christianity in Christian music videos
Greatest Hits : Volumen 1993-2003
Making music videos : everything you need to know from the best in the business
Greatest hits and videos
Coast to coast
Strange Weather : Live in Dublin
Zoo TV : live from Sydney
End of Innocence
YouTube channels for dummies
Ballad & pop hits : the complete video collection
Live at the Max
The illustrated collector's guide to Alice Cooper
Thirty frames per second : the visionary art of the music video
Live Innocence 1986 - The Power & The Glory : The Video anthology 1983-1988
The work of director Spike Jonze : a collection of music videos, short films, documentaries, and rarities
The John Lennon video collection
Live from Las Vegas
Chaos in motion 2007-2008
Years of refusal
The Traveling Wilburys collection
Go : the very best of Moby
Power & The Glory : The video anthology
The video collection
“I was a soldier in Kosovo”: Discourses of war in James Blunt's early musical career
Thriller : the musical life of Michael Jackson
Natural history : 1982 - 1988.
The Best of 1990-2000
Ultimate collection
The Video Show
Greatest hits : my prerogative
Rusted pieces
For a few pussies more : Blood on the cats. III
Rock s'cool. III : A spanking good clip collection
The work of director Michel Gondry : a collection of music videos, short films, documentaries and stories
Who cares a lot? : the greatest videos
The Video collection
Once more with feeling : videos 1996-2004
The Best of
The language that everybody here can easily understand
Every breath you take : The videos
Ultra beatdown
All videos ever made & more! : The complete collection 1987-2001
Animals should not try to act like people
Greatest : the videos
Video greatest hits : history
Corner
D&AD09 : the best advertising and design in the world
The EMI Singles Collection
Some Great Videos 81-85
The invaluable darkness
Return to Waterloo ; Come dancing with The Kinks
Ready to die : the remaster CD and DVD
The Greatest. Eighties : 18 classic hit videos digitally remastered for DVD
The Definitive Concert
Time capsule : Motown the 60's
Unbreakable :. the greatest hits vol. 1
Day-in Day-out
The Thrill of it all
Greatest hits
Here with me
Phil Collins
The Videos 86>98
Justified : The videos
The Collection : Classic Videos & 21th Birthday Documentary
California screamin'. 2.
Taking chances
Taking it to the bridge : music as performance
Choice cuts : the complete video collection
A decade in the grave
Not too late
Greatest video hits. 2
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
The videos 1994-2001
Rhythm nation 1814
The psychology of music in multimedia
I'm going to tell you a secret
Back to Front
Beneath the scars of glory and progression
The Greatest eighties : 18 classic hit videos digitally remastered for DVD
The Musician's video handbook
The Ricky Martin Video Collection
The visions of Diana Ross
The effect of musical tempo on video game performance
PopArt : The Videos
Insonium : Mortal shoe
Frat Party At the Pankake Festival
TV a-go-go : rock on TV from American Bandstand to American Idol
Out of Ireland : From a whisper to a scream
Pause :59 minutes of motion graphics : broadcast design, music video, animation, and experimental praphics from around the world
Whiskey on Sunday
Culture clash : dread meets punk rockers
Now is the time : live at Willow Creek
Produce & promote your music video
Scenes from the big chair
Life Promise Pride Love
Sorted for films & vids
Sound City
The Video Collection 1977-1982
The history of music videos
Full moon fever
Heartland
Late Night Call
All access DVD
The Crush Tour
