http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5964 debt adjustment
debt adjustment
Corporate governance
"Separate Islands" : challenges of financial and debt counselors' work
International perspectives on consumers' access to justice
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics
Collective or individual? Constructions of debtors and creditors in consumer bankruptcy
The conversion of Paris Club debt : procedures and potential
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 1995.
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics
The contemporary global social movements : emergent proposals, connectivity and development implications
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok 2004 = Yearbook of justice statistics 2004.
Asian insolvency systems : closing the implementation gap
Project finance, subordinated debt and state loans
Consumer debt in Europe : the Birmingham declaration
Debt relief for poor countries
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics
Recent developments in transit-border insolvency
Bankruptcy costs and the bankruptcy code : a case study of the Finnish code
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 1999
Financial slack and bidding firms ́ takeover announcement stock returns : an event study
Debt recovery in Europe
English summary
Consumer bankruptcy in global perspective
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics
International insolvency law : themes and perspectives
Summary: In close consultation: Advising the consumer on domestic financing and debt restructuring.
Corporate rescue : an overview of recent developments from selected countries in Europe
Title finance, derivatives, securitisations, set-off and netting
International monetary and financial issues for the 1990s : research papers for the Group of Twenty-Four. Vol. 9
Renegotiation approach to restructuring of developing country debt
Banking for people : social banking and new poverty, consumer debts and unemployment in Europe - national reports
International monetary and financial issues for the 1990s : research papers for the Group of Twenty-Four. Vol. 11
Summary (s. 7-13).
Introduction
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 1996.
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok 2005 = Yearbook of justice statistics 2005.
Principles of international insolvency
The property owing democracy
International monetary and financial issues for the 1990s : research papers for the Group of Twenty-Four. Vol. 10
Comparative law of security and guarantees
A comparison between the U.S. consumer bankruptcy and the Finnish debt adjustment
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 2000
Debt counselling networks in Finland : practices and new challenges
Debt relief under the HIPC initiative : context and outlook for debt sustainability and resource flows
Abstract: Debt counselling and the problems in debt counselling work.
The EC regulation on insolvency proceedings : a commentary and annotated guide
On reducing sovereign international debt
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 1998
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 2002.
International monetary and financial issues for the 1990s : research papers for the Group of Twenty-Four. Vol. 7
International monetary and financial issues for the 1990s : research papers for the Group of Twenty-Four. Vol. 8
Insolvency systems in Asia : an efficiency perspective
Guide to insolvency in Europe
