http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5962 visual recordings
visual recordings
Malcolm Morley : The outsider
Guitar shop : setup & maintenance
Opera as soundtrack
This training course combines interactive video and a printed reference to teach students the fundamentals of Adobe After Effects CS6. Experienced instructors present 10 hours of high quality HD video, complete with lesson files, assessment quizzes and review materials. The video is wrapped in a unique interface that allows the student to jump to any topic and also bookmark individual sections for later review. The unique Watch-and-Work mode shrinks the video into a small window to allow the student to work alongside in After Effects. Project files used in the lessons are included on the disc so students can practice what they've learned, and interactive review questions help reinforce freshly gained knowledge.
Red Hot + Blue : a benefit for aids reserch and relief
Trainspotting
Journalistic image access : description, categorization and searching
Visual journey to the music of Jean Sibelius
Image restoration : fundamentals and advances
Cataloging nonprint and Internet resources : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Producing video podcasts : a guide for media professionals
Shoot to sell : make money producing special interest videos
Adobe After Effects CS5 : digital classroom
The Doors
The story of fashion. Vol. 3, The age of dissent
A Song for Ireland
Ballet class for beginners
Cinesonica : sounding film and video
Uncle Meat : the mothers of invention movie
Helps you learn how to successfully create and market videos for carefully researched niche markets, for long-term residual income. This title covers the necessary fundamentals of market research and planning that are required to maximize the chance of success for anyone who has an idea or expertise that they want to showcase in video.
Totally Diva
Don Quixote : Rudolf Nurejevin filmiversio
The world of the painter Paolo Veronese between art and inquisition
How to do everything with online video
The fundamental Gilbert and George
An interactive videodisk and its future with compact disks : case study in the construction industry at the Technical Research Centre of Finland
Getting StartED with Windows Live Movie Maker
Performing live with virtual musicians
John Stott on the Bible & the Christian life : six sessions on the authority, interpretation, and use of scripture
Lucio Fontana : reaching out into space
Auditioning and acting for the camera : proven techiques for auditioning and performing in film, episodic TV, sitcoms, soap operas, commercials, and industrials
Timecode : a user's guide
Bibliotecas de arte, arquitectura y diseño : perspectivas actuales : Barcelona, 18-21 de agosto de 1993 : actas del Congreso organizado por la Sección de Bibliotecas de Arte de la IFLA, el Grup de Bibliotecaris d'Art de Catalunya y el Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya = Art, architecture and design libraries : current trends : proceedings of the IFLA Art Libraries Satellite Meeting organized by IFLA Section of Art Libraries, the Grup de Bib[l]iotecaris d'Art de Catalunya and the Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya
The Laser Video Disc Companion : a guide to the high-end delivery system for home video
W. Eugene Smith : photography made difficult
David Hockney : pleasures of the eye
Auditioning and acting for the camera : proven techniques for auditioning and performing in film, episodic TV, sitcoms, soap operas, commercials, and industrials
Creating special effects for TV and video
Structures of image collections : from Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc to Flickr
Bauhaus : the face of the 20th century
My Pinterest
Greatest hits
Discovering Ireland
Computational abstraction of films : for quantitative analysis of cinematography
Adobe Premiere Pro CS6 : learn by video : core training in video communication
Digital video and DSP : instant access
Final Cut Pro 7
BKSTS dictionary of image technology
A multimedia system for filing and printing video pictures
Exploring co-creation of educational videos in an international collaborative context
Star wars : return of the Jedi
Star wars : the empire strkikes back
Anthony Caro
Producer to producer : insider tips for entertainment media
Marcel Duchamp : a game of chess
Video violence and children
Video production with a DSLR camera : A Guide to Video Production for Smaller Companies
Triumph of the will
Video greatest hits : history
Star wars : a new hope
Cruising into English. A video-based course for the automotive trade
Writing, directing, and producing documentary films and videos
Strange Weather : Live in Dublin
The amazing book is not on fire : the world of Dan and Phil
Grayscale visual cryptography
A guide to Latin American, Caribbean, and U.S. Latino-made film and video
We are Dan and Phil and we invite you on a journey inside our minds! From the stories of our actual births, to exploring Phil's teenage diary and all the reasons why Dan's a fail. Learn how to draw the perfect cat whiskers, get advice on what to do in an awkward situation and discover which of our dining chairs represents you emotionally.
The following paper introduces an innovative international collaboration in teacher education held in 2014. This event, described as an educational video challenge, was organized as a 72 hour, hackathon-style educational experience in which university-level students worked together in teams to co-create educational videos. The objective of the challenge event was to encourage teacher students to explore the design and use of educational videos for use in their teaching practice. The challenge was simultaneously held at three universities in Finland, Austria and Germany and culminated in the screening of completed student-generated videos. The majority of videos produced during the event were trigger videos, while findings from a preliminary assessment conducted with participants suggest that an educational video challenge format shows promise as an effective method for enhancing skills associated with teaching through video and engaging participants in dialogue connected to practice.
"Addressing a variety of applications, this book covers a wide range of topics pertaining to image restoration. Topics covered include image denoising, document image analysis, remote sensing applications, and image formation modeling. Content also addresses blind image restoration, iterative optimization techniques, learning-based image restoration, and non-local approach, as well as super-resolution, multi-spectral restoration, and video inpainting. Contributors from various countries help readers understand the essentials, the state of the art, and the research directions. The text features background material, mathematical content, a survey of the methods, examples, comparisons, and a bibliography".
From still to motion : a photographer ́s guide to creating video with your DSLR
Nordic optical disk directory
Content-based search and browsing in semantic multimedia retrieval
Digital video distribution in broadband, television, mobile and converged networks : trend, challenges and solutions
Motion 5 : how it works : a new type of manual, the visual approach
Millions of free images to be legally available : HIIT's AudioImager Project
Art of waste
Balthus the painter
Aalto : technology and nature
High-quality visual experience : creation, processing and interactivity of high-resolution and high-dimensional video signals
The story of fashion. Vol. 1, Remembrance of things past
Videos on art : a resource guide to films and videos available worldwide from the Roland Collection
Journal of electronic imaging
Robert Rauschenberg : man at work
The story of fashion. Vol. 2, The art and sport of fashion
Getting started with Final Cut Server
"This critically acclaimed training course from Adobe Press and video2brain combines interactive video and a printed reference to teach the fundamentals of Premiere Pro CS6 as well as the basic principles of video editing. Structured around the objectives of the Adobe Certified Associate exam 'Video Communication Using Adobe Premiere Pro CS6', the product combines 15 hours of video, complete with lesson files. Experienced instructor Maxim Jago introduces core non-linear editing techniques as a first step to using advanced edits, with special effects, complex timelines, titles, clean audio and music. By the end of this course, the student will be able to work with multiple media types, create sequences and output to multiple formats using Premiere Pro CS6. Maxim walks the student through the complete editing process using Premiere Pro CS6, including importing media, using clips and markers, adding transitions, correcting color, and compositing. New features get special treatment, like stabilizing footage without visiting After Effects, applying effects via adjustment layers, and streamlined trimming using JKL dynamic trimming, which allows you to play your edits and adjust the timing of your cuts in a single step."--Resource description page.
Knebworth : the event. 3, Volume
A vulgar art : a new approach to stand-up comedy
Jackson Pollock
Paul Delvaux : the sleepwalker of saint-idesbald
International standard. 21449, Content delivery and rights management : functional requirements for identifiers and descriptors for use in the music, film, video, sound recording and publishing industries = Mise à dispositon de contenus et gestion de droits : spécifications fonctionelles des identificateurs et descripteurs à l'usage des industries musicales, cinématographiques, vidégraphiques, phonographiques et de l'édition
Podcasting bible
English summary.
Adobe After Effects CS6 : learn by video
The Tank, The Swan, And The Balloon
Jasper Johns : ideas in paint
