http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5960 eclectism
eclectism
The late eclecticism and rationalism of the 1920s (Independent Finland)
"In the early twentieth century, Chinese traditional architecture and the French-derived methods of the Ecole des Beaux-Arts converged in the United States when Chinese students were given scholarships to train as architects at American universities whose design curricula were dominated by Beaux-Arts methods. Upon their return home in the 1920s and 1930s, these graduates began to practice architecture and create China's first architectural schools, often transferring a version of what they had learned in the U.S. to Chinese situations. The resulting complex series of design-related transplantations had major implications for China between 1911 and 1949, as it simultaneously underwent cataclysmic social, economic, and political changes. After 1949 and the founding of the People's Republic, China experienced a radically different wave of influence from the Beaux-Arts through advisors from the Soviet Union who, first under Stalin and later Khrushchev, brought Beaux-Arts ideals in the guise of socialist progress. In the early twenty-first century, China is still feeling the effects of these events. Chinese Architecture and the Beaux-Arts examines the coalescing of the two major architectural systems, placing significant shifts in architectural theory and practice in China within relevant, contemporary, cultural, and educational contexts. Fifteen major scholars from around the world analyze and synthesize these crucial events to shed light on the dramatic architectural and urban changes occurring in China today--many of which have global ramifications.This stimulating and generously illustrated work is divided into three sections, framed by an introduction and a postscript. The first focuses on the convergence of Chinese architecture and the Ecole des Beaux-Arts, outlining the salient aspects of each and suggesting how and why the two "met" in the U.S. The second section centers on the question of how Chinese architects were influenced by the Beaux-Arts and how Chinese architecture was changed as a result. The third takes an even closer look at the Beaux-Arts influence, addressing how innovative practices, new schools of architecture, and buildings whose designs were linked to Beaux-Arts assumptions led to distinctive new paradigms that were rooted in a changing China. By virtue of its scope, scale, and scholarship, this volume promises to become a classic in the fields of Chinese and Western architectural history." --Book Jacket.
Potamo of Alexandria and the emergence of eclecticism in late Hellenistic philosophy
Baroque baroque : the culture of excess
Classicism and history : anachronistic architectural thinking in Finland at the turn of the century J. A. C. Ahrenberg and Gustaf Nyström
"Eclecticism is a concept widely used in the history of ancient philosophy to describe the intellectual stance of diverse thinkers such as Plutarch, Cicero and Seneca. In this book the historical and interpretative problems associated with eclecticism are for the first time approached from the point of view of the only self-described eclectic philosopher from antiquity, Potamo of Alexandria. The evidence is examined in detail with reference to the philosophical and wider intellectual background of the period. Potamo's views are placed in the context of key debates at the forefront of late Hellenistic philosophical activity to which he contributed, such as the criterion of truth, the first principles in physics, the moral end and the interpretation of Aristotle's esoteric works. The emergence of eclecticism is thus treated in connection with the major shift in philosophical interests and methods that marked the passage from Hellenistic to Imperial philosophy"--
Classicism and history : anachronistic architectural thinking in Finland at the turn of the century : Jac. Ahrenberg and Gustav Nyström
"The art that is life" : the arts & crafts movement in America, 1875-1920
A history of Scottish architecture : from the renaissance to the present day
Furniture from rococo to art deco
Painting in the Musée d'Orsay
The age of ugliness' 1835-1895 : showpieces of Dutch decorative art
Revival architecture in Hungary : Classicism and Romanticism
Art and politics of the Second Empire : the universal expositions of 1855 and 1867
Architecture and the late Ottoman historical imaginary : reconfiguring the architectural past in a modernizing empire
The age of eclecticism : literature and culture in Britain, 1815-1885
Chinese architecture and the Beaux-Arts
