http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5975 civil procedure
civil procedure
The reform of civil procedure in Finland
Cross-border civil procedural regulation in the European Union : is a genuine area of justice emerging?
Basic features and principles of the Finnish Procedural Law
The enforcement of EU competition rules by civil law
Federal rules of civil procedure : as amended to May 1, 1996.
Reforms of civil procedure in Germany and Norway
Civil procedure in Denmark
Federal rules of civil procedure for the United States district courts : as amended to April 30, 1951.
Civil procedure and evidence
Principles of civil procedure designed to improve the functioning of justice
Cases and materials on civil procedure
Group actions in U.S.A., Quebec, and Sweden
Sanjiva Row's code of civil procedure, 1908 : [act V of 1908]. Vol. 2, [Orders VI-XXI]
Chitty and Jacob's Queen's Bench forms
Principles of civil procedure
Chinese justice : civil dispute resolution in contemporary China
Europäisches Zivilverfahrensrecht : Verordnung, Richtlinien und Empfehlungen = European law of civil proceedings : regulations, directives and recommendations = Droit européen sur la procédure civile : réglements, directives et recommandations
Civil Litigation Handbook 2013-2014
Civil procedure in EU competition cases before the English and Dutch courts
Soviet civil procedure : history and analysis
The costs and funding of civil litigation : a comparative perspective
Civil procedure in Finland
International antitrust law & policy
Cost and fee allocation in civil procedure : a comparative study
Civil litigation in China and Europe : essays on the role of the judge and the parties
Civil procedure in a nutshell : with specimens and examples of writs and pleadings in use in the Queen's Bench Division of the High Court of Justice
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Chapter 5, Civil procedure : Parties
Civil justice in the age of human rights
The option of litigating in Europe
The civil court in action
Federal rules of civil procedure : as amended through August 1, 1980.
English civil procedure : fundamentals of the new civil justice system
Public interest litigation on unfair terms
Dispute processing and conflict resolution : theory, practice and policy
The law of waiver, variation and estoppel
International perspectives on civil justice : essays in honour of Sir Jack I. H. Jacob
The new civil court in action
Remedies reclassified
Procedure
The future of civil litigation : access to courts and court-annexed mediation in the Nordic countries
New trends in financing civil litigation in Europe : a legal, empirical, and economic analysis
Transnational litigation in comparative perspective : theory and application
Social science in the courtroom : statistical techniques and research methods for winning class-action suits
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Civil procedure : Chapter 13 : State arbitration in socialist countries
The Swedish code of judicial procedure : the translation is that of the wording of the code of judicial procedure as at January 1, 1985.
Manual of German law. Vol. 2, Commercial law, civil procedure, conflict of laws, bankruptcy, law of nationality, East German family law
The reform of civil procedure 1999 in England and 1993 in Finland : a comparative analysis
Questions and answers on civil procedure
Rapprochement du droit judiciaire de l'Union européenne = Approximation of judiciary law in the European Union
The legal process : an introduction to decision-making by judicial, legislative, executive, and administrative agencies
Distorting the law : politics, media, and the litigation crisis
Class action dilemmas : pursuing public goals for private gain
Principles of French law
International civil litigation : cases and materials on the rise of intermestic law
English, French and German comparative law
Theory of preclusion
Small claims courts : a comparative study
Chinese civil procedure and the conflict of laws
Civil actions against the police
Dispute resolution in Asia
The child's voice in the court of law : an account of the representation of minors in civil proceedings in Canada and some other (mostly common law) jurisdictions
Reforms and attemps to reform civil procedure in nineteenth century Finland
An introduction to court interpreting : theory and practice
An evaluation of judicial case management under the Civil Justice Reform Act
Trends in civil jury verdicts since 1985
Crossing borders : essays in European and private international law, nationality law and islamic law in honour of Frans van der Velden
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Civil procedure : Chapter 8 : Attacks on judicial decisions
European traditions in civil procedure
Procedures to enforce foreign judgments
Access to justice : the final report
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Civil procedure : Chapter 3 : The organization of lawyers and judges
International contract litigation, arbitration and judicial responsibility in transnational disputes
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the international association of legal science. Volume 16, Chapter 9, Civil procedure : Effects of judgments (res judicata)
Recent trends in economy and efficiency of civil procedure : materials of international conference
Expert evidence : law, practice, procedure and advocacy
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Civil procedure : Chapter 10 : Enforcement proceedings
Business law. 3
The French code of civil procedure in English 2005
A new outline of the Roman civil trial
Federal civil judicial procedure and rule : as amended to May 1, 1986 : rules of civil procedure : title 28, judiciary and judicial procedure
Zuckerman on civil procedure : principles of practice
Comparative studies on business tort litigation
International judicial assistance
Enforcement agency practice in Europe
Pre-trial and pre-hearing procedures worldwide
Procedural laws in europe : towards harmonisation
Eyewitness testimony : civil and criminal
Law and legal system of the Russian Federation
What`s new in Russian civil procedure?
Civil procedure of the trial court in historical perspective
Civil procedure in a nutshell
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Civil procedure : Chapter 4 : Types of relief available (judicial remedies)
The Swedish code of judicial procedure
Recourse against judgments in the European Union = Voies de recours dans l'Union européenne = Rechtsmittel in der Europäischen Union
Cross-border civil procedural regulation in the EU: is a genuine area of justice emerging?
County court practice and procedure
Procedural aspects : Finland
Law outlines. Civil procedure
Enforcement of intellectual property rights in Dutch, English, and German civil procedure
Foreign law in civil litigation : a comparative and functional analysis
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of legal science. Vol. 16, Civil procedure
The pleadings game : an artificial intelligence model of procedural justice
Preparation of the case for hearing by the court
On civil procedure
Civil procedure in Russia
Perpetual mistrial : the impropriety of transnational human rights litigation in United States courts
Decisions by district courts in civil cases
"This volume analyzes whether China's thirty years of legal reform have taken root in Chinese society by examining how ordinary citizens are using the legal system in contemporary China. It is an interdisciplinary look at law in action and at legal institutions from the bottom up, that is, beginning with those at the ground level that are using and working in the legal system. It explores the emergent Chinese conception of justice - one that seeks to balance Chinese tradition, socialist legacies, and the needs of the global market. Given the political dimension of dispute resolution in creating, settling, and changing social norms, this volume contributes to a greater understanding of political and social change in China today and of the process of legal reform generally"--
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Chapter 1, Civil Procedure : Introduction - policies, trends and ideas in civil procedure
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Chapter 12, Civil procedure : Arbitration
Trial and court procedures worldwide
The law of evidence in Scotland
Civil procedure used for enforcement of EC competition law by the English, French, and German civil courts
A history of continental civil procedure
Sanjiva Row's code of civil procedure, 1908 : [act V of 1908]. Vol. 3, [Orders XXII-end]
Citizen dispute settlement : the night prosecutor program of Columbus, Ohio : a replication manual
Civil procedure : preclusion in civil actions
Civil procedure in China
Sanjiva Row's code of civil procedure, 1908 : [act V of 1908]. Vol. 1, [Sections 1-158 and orders I-V]
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Chapter 6, Civil procedure : Ordinary proceedings in first instance
Civil justice in Finland
Current topics of international litigation
