http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5970 international environmental law
international environmental law
The future of the international legal order. 4, The structure of the international environment
Environmental pollution control : an introduction to principles and practice of administration
International environmental law, policy and ethics
How does law deal with water needs, resources management and priorities - water-related principles and changing realities in a global context?
International environmental law : a study of the interrelationship between general international law and treaty law in the field of environmental management with an examination of legal documents relevant to the preservation of nature
Two sides of the coin - rights and duties : the interface between environmental law and Saami law based on a comparison with Aoteoaroa/New Zealand and Canada
International environmental law : emerging trends and implications for transnational corporations
Compliance procedures
Principles of international environmental law. 1, Frameworks, standards and implementation
International law : classic and contemporary readings
Transboundary movements and disposal of hazardous wastes in international law : basic documents
International environmental law reports. Vol. 4, International environmental law in national courts
Understanding project management in natural resource investments from a legal perspective
Renewable energy law and policy review
Dispute avoidance and dispute settlement in international environmental law : compilation of documents
Guide to international environmental law
Betwixt Scylla and Charybdis: the construction of effectiveness in international environmental law
Domestic sources of international environmental policy : industry, environmentalists, and U.S. power
Yearbook of international environmental law. Vol. 10 1999
Environmental protection of arctic waters : specific focus the Russian northern sea route
Law, institutions, and the global environment : papers and analysis of the proceedings of the Conference on Legal and Institutional Responses to Problems of the Global Environment
State responsibility and liability under civil liability regimes
The right to be a part of nature : indigenous peoples and the environment
International environmental law
Recht und Um-Welt : essays in honour of prof. dr. Gerd Winter
Baltic coastal conservation : general legal protection of the coastal strip and coastal habitats in the Baltic Sea States and Norway
The global commons : a regime analysis
Dumping of wastes at sea in 1995 and 1996
The convention on environmental impact assessment in a transboundary context (Espoo Convention)
New Finnish doctoral dissertations in international law : the environmental element in space law : assessing the present and charting the future
Yearbook of international environmental law. Vol. 11 2000
International environmental law : a process of adjusting sovereign property rights
China and international environmental liability : legal remedies for transboundary pollution
Environmental justice analysis : theories, methods and practice
The many faces of responsibility : acceptability of the industry in various societies
Environmental law : Arctic
The search for environmental justice
Third global training programme in environmental law and policy
Why do we need multilateral environmental agreements to protect the arctic environment?
Hydrology and water law - bridging the gap
Third International Conference on European Union Environmental Law : Helsinki, May 7-8th 1998.
Climate change and climate law : prevention, management, adaptation and preservation : the Spanish legal regime
Compendium of judicial decisions on matters related to environment. Vol. 2, National decisions
The programme for the development and periodic review of environmental law for the first decade of the twenty-first century
Environmental protection in the Arctic and Antarctica
The philosophical foundations of environmental law : property, rights and nature
Transboundary EIA in the North Calotte region from the perspectives of international and European Union Law
A social balancing act : the interoperability of rationalizations in environmental regulation : a discussion
Arctic visions : a path to responsible development
Routledge handbook of international environmental law
The earth on trial : environmental law on the international stage
Access to environmental information in Europe : the implementation and implications of directive 90/313/EEC
Environmental rights : law, litigation & access to justice
International environmental law and policy
Selected texts of legal instruments in international environmental law
New governance in context : evaluating the EU biofuels regime
"This handbook is intended to enable national judges in all types of tribunals in both civil law and common law jurisdictions to identify environmental issues coming before them and to be aware of the range of options available to them in interpreting and applying the law. It seeks to provide judges with a practical guide to basic environmental issues that are likely to arise in litigation. It includes information on international and comparative environmental law and references to relevant cases."--P. iii.
Scientific uncertainty and environmental decision-making
Teaching international environmental law : ideas and experiences from the seminar room and the lecture hall
Compendium of summaries of judicial decisions in environment-related cases
Ecolex : the gateway to environmental law
Judicial handbook on environmental law
Improving compliance with international environmental law
Environmental law : Finland
Precautionary legal duties and principles of modern international environmental law : the precautionary principle : international environmental law between exploition and protection
Non-compliance procedures in international environmental agreements : a study on the two procedures in operation
Kyoto Protocol Flexibility Mechanisms and the Changing Role of Sovereign States
Ships and shipping : regulating energy efficiency and CO2 emissions
Doing business in China
Environmental law and policy for developing countries : the case of Nigeria
Yearbook of international environmental law. Vol. 14. 14, 2003
Nuclear tests and their regulation in the field of international law
Putting gentle pressure on parties : recent trends in the practice of the implementation committee under the convention on long-range transboundary air pollution
Material on international environmental law
The international environmental law-making process
Assessing the international forest regime
The implementation and effectiveness of international environmental commitments : theory and practice
EIA directive at the crossroads : analysis of the Commission's  proposal from the Finnish developer's perspective
Compatibility of international and national environmental law
Introduction to the special theme : international law, the environment and power
Environmental law for a sustainable society
International environmental law : multilateral agreements = Droit international de l'environnement : accords multilatéraux = Internationales Umweltrecht : multilaterale Verträge
Introduction to international environmental law
Cooperative sovereignty : from independence to interdependence in the structure of international environmental law
Nordic countries : Finland
Evolution and status of the precautionary principle in international law
Environment : the international challenge
Environmental law and sustainability after Rio
Differential treatment in international environmental law
Contains cases in the English language which are drawn from the common law jurisdictions while the cases in the French language are drawn from the civil law system. In both cases the reproduction of the cases is preceded by an overview and analysis of the cases.
Participation in world treaties on the protection of the environment : a collection of data
The role of traditional knowledge in the conservation of biological diversity
Climate change and philosophy : transformational possibilities
The Arctic Council at 10 years : retrospect and prospects
Codification of environmental law : proceedings of the international conference in Ghent, February 21 and 22, 1995
The Baltic Sea environment. Session 7, Economy and law - environmental protection in the Baltic region
Judges and legal experts debate key environmental issues : Southeast Asian Justices Symposium: the law on sustainable development, Manila, Philippines, 4-7 March 1999.
International environmental law reports. Vol. 1, Early decisions
Research handbook on international environmental law
The Baltic Sea gas pipeline : can we manage it sustainably?. Expert article 375.
International environmental law : multilateral treaties
Constitutional environmental rights
Principles of international environmental law. 2A & 2B, Documents in international environmental law
International business : the new realities
Compendium of judicial decisions in matters related to environment. Vol. 1, National decisions
International law in the era of climate change
"Scientific whaling" : whither sanctions for non-compliance with international law?
Pacific-ACP states regional legislative and regulatory framework for deep sea minerals exploration and exploitation
Guide to the Uruguay round agreements
Principles of environmental law : the ideal of sustainable development and the role of principles of international, European, and national environmental law
