http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5971 environmental law
environmental law
The future of the international legal order. 4, The structure of the international environment
Environmental pollution control : an introduction to principles and practice of administration
Green Harms and Crimes was produced to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the European Group for the Study of Deviance and Social Control, and to pay tribute to Stan Cohen. The book presents discussions of the application of Cohen's theories alongside empirical contributions in the fields of critical and green criminology. Taken together, the authors address harms and crimes against the environment, as well as against human and nonhuman victims. Injustices produced by powers driving harmful practices, such as capitalism and consumerism, are analyzed from the perspectives of speciesism, environmental (in)justice, species (in)justice and ecological (in)justice - thus encompassing both human and animal rights. Specific topics in this important volume include: waste and corporate crimes, agribusiness and food crimes, illegal wildlife trafficking, species endangerment, political protest and its oppression by legal power institutions.
Abstract.
Swedish environmental legislation
International environmental law, policy and ethics
Two sides of the coin - rights and duties : the interface between environmental law and Saami law based on a comparison with Aoteoaroa/New Zealand and Canada
Environmental law in Norway
From regulations to industry compliance : building institutional capabilities
Environmental rights : critical perspectives
Precaution, environmental science, and preventive public policy
Global judges symposium on the role of law and sustainable development : report. Volume 1.
Sulphur regulations for shipping - why a regional approach : scientific and economic arguments in IMO documents 1988-1997
Legitimacy in European nature conservation policy : case studies in multilevel governance
Understanding project management in natural resource investments from a legal perspective
Street science : community knowledge and environmental health justice
World heritage convention, climate change and the Arctic
Building permits : a comparative study
Nature is a battlefield : towards a political ecology
Report on the development and harmonisation of laws on hazardous and non-hazardous wastes
Regulating Municipal Water Supply Concessions : Accountability in Transitional China
German environmental law for practioners
Law and the environment
Dispute avoidance and dispute settlement in international environmental law : compilation of documents
Waste management in European law : the example of Naples and Campania
The yearbook of European environmental law. Vol. 5
Yearbook of international environmental law. Vol. 10 1999
American environmental policy : the failures of compliance, abatement and mitigation
Review of European Community and international envronmental law : RECIEL
The yearbook of European environmental law. Vol. 4
Nature's trust : environmental law for a new ecological age
Crimes against nature : environmental criminology and ecological justice
Managing European environmental policy: the role of the member states in the policy process
The permissibility of indirect environmental taxes and derogations thereof in light of the cumulative criteria for state aid in article 107(1) TFEU
Taking stock of environmental assessment : law, policy and practice
Globalisation and ecological integrity in science and international law
Global judges symposium on sustainable development and the role of law : report. Volume 2, (country papers)
Law and ecology : new environmental foundations
The right to be a part of nature : indigenous peoples and the environment
Best environmental practices in metal mining operations
Environmental impact assessment as a tool for space debris mitigation
The environmental code : focused and co-ordinated environmental legislation for sustainable development : a brief background to, and overview of, the report (SOU 1996:103); English version
International environmental law
Recht und Um-Welt : essays in honour of prof. dr. Gerd Winter
Preparing an Environmental Permit Application : Case Study for a Small Scale Fish Farm
The evolution of natural resources law and policy
Environmental legislation and regulations of shipbuilding : case Finland and Spain
Environmental law : the law and policy relating to the protection of the environment
Cases and materials on international law
National courts and EU Environmental Law
Vegan freak : being vegan in a non-vegan world : version 2.0, revised, expanded, and updated
The environmental impact statement after two generations : managing environmental power
Sharing the effort : analysing options for differentiating commitments under the Framework Convention on Climate Change
Regulations to control ozone depleting substances : a guidebook
Handbook on the implementation of conventions related to biological diversity in Africa
Yearbook of international environmental law. Vol. 11 2000
Environmental diplomacy : an examination and a prospective of Canadian-U.S. transboundary environmental relations
Managing the unknown : essays on environmental ignorance
Environmental law : a practical handbook
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Discussion papers
Nuclear liability : a feasible model for the space sector?
Environmental justice analysis : theories, methods and practice
China and international environmental liability : legal remedies for transboundary pollution
Shipping and the environment : a code of practice
World environment law bibliography : non-periodical literature in law and the social sciences published since 1970 in various languages with selected reviews and annotations from periodicals
Report on the development and harmonisation of laws on toxic and hazardous  chemicals
The yearbook of European environmental law. Vol. 6
This book discusses the recently introduced concession policy, which is also known as PPP worldwide, on municipal utilities policy in China. In this context, critics have claimed that there is a gap in accountability with regard to concessions. The author utilizes interdisciplinary methods and comparative studies, taking into account the situation in the EU and US to analyze the accountability gap some feel will be created when the policy is implemented. Taking water sector concessions as the subject of discussion, the author distinguishes between three types of accountability: traditional bureaucratic accountability, legal accountability and public accountability. By systematically analyzing the essential problems involved, the book attempts to achieve a better understanding of concession and its application in the context of public utilities, and finds that the alleged accountability gap is attributed to traditional bureaucratic accountability in China and the concession system per se.
Adjudicating climate change : state, national, and international approaches
International environmental law-making and diplomacy review 2014
The many faces of responsibility : acceptability of the industry in various societies
Use of qualitative comparative analysis (QCA) in comparative law : comparison of the legal regulation of sustainable development in physical planning in Denmark and Finland
Regulation, enforcement and governance in environmental law
Echoes from the poisoned well : global memories of environmental injustice
The jurisdynamics of environmental protection : change and the pragmatic voice in environmental law
Why do we need multilateral environmental agreements to protect the arctic environment?
Third global training programme in environmental law and policy
Ecology law quarterly
In the midst of the current ecological crisis, there is often lofty talk of the need for humanity to overcome its divisions and work together to tackle the big challenges of our time. But as this new book by Razmig Keucheyan shows, the real picture is very different.
The law of adaptation to climate change : U.S. and international aspects
Hydrology and water law - bridging the gap
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Third International Conference on European Union Environmental Law : Helsinki, May 7-8th 1998.
A legal method and tools for evaluating the effectiveness of regulation : safeguarding forest biodiversity in Finland
Compendium of judicial decisions on matters related to environment. Vol. 2, National decisions
International environmental law-making and diplomacy review 2015
Following the proceeds of environmental crime : forests, fish and filthy lucre
The programme for the development and periodic review of environmental law for the first decade of the twenty-first century
Nature, bureauracy and the rules of property : regulating the renewing environment
Environmental justice : law, policy, and regulation
Yearbook of European environmental law. Vol. 2
The protection and management of our natural resources, wildlife and habitat
A social balancing act : the interoperability of rationalizations in environmental regulation : a discussion
Social-ecological resilience and law
Twenty best practices for creating a sustainable country
Routledge handbook of international environmental law
The earth on trial : environmental law on the international stage
Addressing climate vulnerability : promoting the participatory rights of indigenous peoples and women through Finnish foreign policy
Environment and the law
Global ecopolitics : crisis, governance, and justice
Environmental regulation in the Russian Arctic
Selected texts of legal instruments in international environmental law
Waste management and the green economy : law and policy
The law and policy of environmental federalism : a comparative analysis
Urbanization and sustainability : linking urban ecology, environmental justice and global environmental change
New governance in context : evaluating the EU biofuels regime
A qualification tool for component package feasibility in infrastructure products
The price of nuclear power : uranium communities and environmental justice
Just climate? : politics of climate change and cnvironmental justice
Large-scale conservation in the common interest
The yearbook of European environmental law. Vol. 3
The environmental rights revolution : a global study of constitutions, human rights, and the environment
Access to Finnish law
Teaching international environmental law : ideas and experiences from the seminar room and the lecture hall
Reindeer talk : Sámi reindeer herding and nature management
Ecolex : the gateway to environmental law
Finlad : national report
Compendium of summaries of judicial decisions in environment-related cases
Environmental law : Finland
European energy and environmental law review
Science and international environmental policy : regimes and nonregimes in global governance
Kyoto Protocol Flexibility Mechanisms and the Changing Role of Sovereign States
Federal public land and resources law
Europe and the environment : the European Community and environmental policy
Doing business in China
EU state aid regulation & incentives for forest biodiversity conservation : study of the constraints
Adjudicating new governance : deliberative democracy in the European Union
Environmental integration in competition and free-movement laws
Environmental law and policy for developing countries : the case of Nigeria
Research handbook on human rights and the environment
Material on international environmental law
Green harms and crimes : critical criminology in a changing world
The struggle for ecological democracy : environmental justice movements in the United States
The law and governance of water resources : the challenge of sustainability
Recent Finnish environmental law
The legal framework for energy provisions in the European Union : with special regard to providing of energy provisions within the scope of Article 194(2) TFEU
EIA directive at the crossroads : analysis of the Commission's  proposal from the Finnish developer's perspective
Efficiency and equity of climate change policy
Environmental law in China
Introduction to the special theme : international law, the environment and power
Environmental law for a sustainable society
First nordic conference on EU-environmental law : Copenhagen, May 1994
Enforcing environmental responsibilities : a comparative study of environmental administrative law
The environment acts 1990-1995
Cooperative sovereignty : from independence to interdependence in the structure of international environmental law
Open for business : conservatives' opposition to environmental regulation
Nordic countries : Finland
Energy law and sustainable development
Environmental law and sustainability after Rio
Contains cases in the English language which are drawn from the common law jurisdictions while the cases in the French language are drawn from the civil law system. In both cases the reproduction of the cases is preceded by an overview and analysis of the cases.
Material on environmental impairment liabilty
Law of industrial pollution control
The role of traditional knowledge in the conservation of biological diversity
The Arctic Council at 10 years : retrospect and prospects
Codification of environmental law : proceedings of the international conference in Ghent, February 21 and 22, 1995
International protection of the environment : treatises and related documents : Continuation of volumes I-XXX (1754-1981)
Judges and legal experts debate key environmental issues : Southeast Asian Justices Symposium: the law on sustainable development, Manila, Philippines, 4-7 March 1999.
Industries and enforcement of environmental law in Africa : industry experts review environmental practice
Many people working toward sustainability recognize the important role of conservation but are inadequately prepared to deal with the large spatial, temporal, and complexity scales that are involved in large-scale conservation efforts. Problems in large-scale conservation require navigating an intermixture of geophysical, biological, and political dimensions. Coming to grips with these many natural and human forces and factors at large scales, much less the myriad details in any single case, is challenging in the extreme and becomes more critical with each day that passes. Large-scale conservation poses many complex challenges that single disciplines, approaches, or methods cannot fully address alone. Interdisciplinarity can significantly strengthen large-scale conservation efforts. Throughout Large-Scale Conservation in the Common Interest the editors and authors argue that a more holistic and genuinely interdisciplinary approach is required to solve the complex and growing challenges associated with large-scale conservation. The chapters within offer such an approach and define key terms, bring challenges to light, and employ case studies to offer concrete practical and strategic recommendations to help those who are engaged in the interactive tasks of promoting sustainability and human dignity. This book is intended for a broad audience, including students and professors new to the field of large-scale conservation, experienced field-based practitioners in science and management, and decision and policy makers who set specific and strategic direction for large landscapes. Professors can use this book to introduce students to the challenges of successful large-scale conservation design and implementation and to teach interdisciplinarity as a framework, concept, and tool. Professionals will find this book offers a new way of using science, management, and policy to make decisions. Finally, this volume can be used as a guide to set up workshops, seminars, or projects involving diverse people and perspectives.
The making of environmental law
Environmental change and international law : new challenges and dimensions
International environmental law reports. Vol. 1, Early decisions
Natural resources law : private rights and collective governance
Compendium of environmental laws of African countries
Manual of European environmental law
The Baltic Sea gas pipeline : can we manage it sustainably?. Expert article 375.
Environmental legislation and administration : briefing profiles of selected developing member countries of the Asian Development Bank
Danish law in a European perspective
Environmental inequalities beyond borders : local perspectives on global injustices
Shale gas and the future of energy : law and policy for sustainability
Water law for the twenty-first century : national and international aspects of water law reform in India
Regulating energy and natural resources
International business : the new realities
Straws in the wind : medieval urban environmental law : the case of northern Italy
Compendium of judicial decisions in matters related to environment. Vol. 1, National decisions
The environmental justice reader : politics, poetics & pedagogy
Leaders & laggards : next-generation environmental regulation
Research handbook on climate change mitigation law
Pacific-ACP states regional legislative and regulatory framework for deep sea minerals exploration and exploitation
Men and women of the forest : livelihood strategies and conservation from a gender perspective in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
European perspectives on environmental law and governance
"Significant quantities of natural resources are illegally harvested and their proceeds laundered in the Asia-Pacific region, fostering corruption and undermining environmental governance. Much illegal exploitation and pollution occurs in countries with poor governance capacities, but much of the sale for profit and money laundering occurs in mature markets with well-developed governance capacities. This book explores ways to address illegal fishing and logging in Asia-Pacific region by the use of cooperative legal measures, particularly anti-money laundering and confiscation of proceeds techniques. Contributors to this volume cover themes including: the nature of transnational environmental crime; patterns in laundering of illicit fish and forest products; networks for distribution of illicit products; weaknesses in current systems for assurance of the legality of products; and international legal cooperation to enforce anti-money laundering laws in relation to illicit products. In considering these topics the book explores how the use of anti-money laundering measures and the seizure of criminal proceeds can be used as innovative policy options to combat transnational fishery and forestry crimes. The book will be of excellent use and interest to scholars and students of environmental law, criminal law, and practitioners in environmental conservation"--
