http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5977 travelogues (literature)
travelogues (literature) travel books travel accounts (stories)
The masque of Africa : glimpses of African belief
John Lyon, nurseryman and plant hunter, and his journal, 1799-1814
Two kinds of time
The voyage of the 'Discovery'
Finland and the finns
Lonely Planet unpacked : travel disaster stories
Xuanzang's journey to India
Shackleton's whisky : the extraordinary story of an heroic explorer and twenty-five cases of unique MacKinlay's Old Scotch
The lost continent : travels in small town America ; Neither here nor there : travels in Europe
Amazing diving stories : incredible tales for deep beneath the sea
Gold fever : one man's adventures on the trail of the Gold Rush
Sweet honey, bitter lemons : travels in Sicily on a Vespa
"In the next installment of her graphic memoir series, Displacement, Knisley volunteers to watch over her ailing grandparents on a cruise. (The book's watercolors evoke the ocean that surrounds them.) In a book that is part graphic memoir, part travelogue, and part family history, Knisley not only tries to connect with her grandparents, but to reconcile their younger and older selves. She is aided in her quest by her grandfather's WWII memoir, which is excerpted. Readers will identify with Knisley's frustration, her fears, her compassion, and her attempts to come to terms with mortality, as she copes with the stress of travel complicated by her grandparents' frailty" --
Around India in 80 trains
Kapp to cape : never look back : race to the end of the Earth
Amazing sailing stories : true adventures from the high seas
Walking the Amazon : 860 Days. The impossible task. The incredible journey
Burton Holmes travelogues : the greatest traveler of his time, 1892-1952
An idiot abroad : the travel diaries of Karl Pilkington
No baggage : a tale of love & wandering
Nicodemus Tessin the Younger : sources, works, collections : travel notes 1673-77 and 1687-88
A field guide to getting lost
South Africa
Notes from a small island
Last chance to see
"From the New York Times bestselling author Robert D. Kaplan, named one of the world s Top 100 Global Thinkers by Foreign Policy magazine, comes a riveting journey through one of Europe s pivotal frontier countries and a potent examination of the forces that will determine Europe s fate in the postmodern age. Robert Kaplan first visited Romania in the 1970s, when he was a young journalist and the country was a bleak Communist backwater. It was one of the darkest corners of Europe during the Cold War, but few Westerners were paying attention. What ensued was a lifelong obsession with a critical, often overlooked country a country that, today, is key to understanding the current threat that Russia poses to Europe. In Europe s Shadow is a vivid blend of memoir, travelogue, journalism, and history, a masterly work thirty years in the making the story of a journalist coming of age, and a country struggling to do the same. Through the lens of one country, Kaplan examines larger questions of geography, imperialism, the role of fate in international relations, the Cold War, the Holocaust, and more. Here Kaplan illuminates the fusion of the Latin West and the Greek East that created Romania, the country that gave rise to Ion Antonescu, Hitler s chief foreign accomplice during World War II, and the country that was home to the most brutal strain of Communism under Nicolae Ceau escu. Romania past and present are rendered in breathtakingly cinematic prose: the ashen faces of citizens waiting in bread lines in Cold War era Bucharest; the B r gan Steppe, laid bare by centuries of foreign invasion; the grim labor camps of the Black Sea Canal; the majestic Gothic church spires of Transylvania and Maramure . Kaplan finds himself in dialogue with the great thinkers of the past, and with the Romanians of today, the philosophers, priests, and politicians those who struggle to keep the flame of humanism alive in the era of a resurgent Russia. Upon his return to Romania in 2013 and 2014, Kaplan found the country transformed yet again now a traveler s destination shaped by Western tastes, yet still emerging from the long shadows of Hitler and Stalin. In Europe's Shadow is the story of an ideological and geographic frontier and the book you must read in order to truly understand the crisis with Russia, and within Europe itself"--Dust jacket.
Love and war in the Apennines
Underground London : travels beneath the city streets
Recollections of a tour made in Scotland, A. D. 1803
Slowly down the Ganges
Wanderings in South America
The wonders of the world : a popular and authentic account of the marvels of nature and of man as they exist to-day. Vol. 2
Among the Russians
A plan of the boat
Trans-Siberia by rail and a month in Japan
Santo Domingo, past and present : with a glance at Hayti
Letters from the North of Europe : or a journal of travels in Holland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Russia, Prussia, and Saxony
Wild : from lost to found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Notes from my travels : visits with refugees in Africa, Cambodia, Pakistan and Ecuador
Molotov's magic lantern : a journey in Russian history
Travels in Iceland : performed 1752-1757 by order of his Danish majesty : containing observations on the manners and customs of the inhabitants, a description of the lakers, rivers, glaciers, hot-springs and volcanoes ; of the various kinds of earths, stones, fossils and petrifactions ; as well as of the animals, insects, fishes, & c.
Neither here nor there : travels in Europe
Chasing the devil : on foot through Africa's killing fields
The eye of the elephant : an epic adventure in the African wilderness
Train : riding the rails that created the modern world : from the Trans-Siberian to the Southwest Chief
Travels with Charley : in search of America
Roughing it
The fault line : traveling the other Europe, from Finland to Ukraine
Across Africa by car in 60 days
Colorful Finland : a romantic journey by car from Helsinki to the Arctic coast
In Finnish waters : from Estonia to Sweden
My journey to Lhasa
A short walk in the Hindu Kush
The Irish sketchbook 1842
Empire of night
The smile of Murugan : a South Indian journey
Finland on fifty dollars
My China years : a memoir
Two wheels over Catalonia : cycling the back roads of North-Eastern Spain
You can't hide the sun : a journey through Israel and Palestine
Wanderers in Australia : a book of travels
The gospel of the sun
Twin stars of China : a behind-the-scenes story of China's valiant struggle for existence by a U.S. Marine who lived & moved with the people
Call of the white : taking the world to the South Pole : eight women, one unique expedition
Half wild
Letters from Finland : august 1908 - march 1909
The Nivkh people of Sakhalin and their music : my Nivkh journey
Letters from Scandinavia : on the past and present state of the northern nations of Europe
Travels in Asia and Africa 1325-1354
Journal of a tour in Germany, Sweden, Russia and Poland : in 1813-1814
The voyage of Charles Darwin
A walk in the woods : rediscovering America on the Appalachian Trail
Forest of ruin
Great Bear Lake
Lost Japan
Heaven on earth : a journey through Shari'a law
Better than fiction. 2, True adventures from 30 great fiction writers
Sea legs : hitch-hiking the Irish coast alone
Travels in America, 1816-1817
Trailing through Siberia
C. G. Mannerheimin valokuvia Aasian-matkalta 1906-1908 = Photographs by C. G. Mannerheim from his journey across Asia 1906-1908
Elegant flower : recollections of a Cadet in Cathay
When in French : love in a second language
Travelling sketches in Russia and Sweden : during the years 1805, 1806, 1807, 1808 : in two volumes
The strange last voyage of Donald Crowhurst
Among the celestials : a narrative of travels in Manchuria across the Gobi desert, through the Himalayas to India
Shades of earth
Notes of a journey from Cornhill to Grand Cairo
And did those feet : walking through 2000 years of British and Irish history
Round about the Earth : circumnavigation from Magellan to orbit
Red China today : the other side of the river, with a new preface 'China in the 1970s'
Algeria and Tunis
Beyond belief : islamic excursions among the converted peoples
The wonders of the world : a popular and authentic account of the marvels of nature and of man as they exist to-day. Vol. 1
To the river : a journey beneath the surface
Journal of a tour in Germany, Sweden, Russia and Poland in 1813-1814. 1-2
The Northern circuit, or brief notes of Sweden, Finland, and Russia
Inside China today : a western view
The back of beyond : travels to the wild places of the earth
Soviet people as i knew them
Come, tell me how you live : an archaeological memoir
Among the mountains : travels through Asia
In Europe's shadow : two Cold Wars and a thirty-year journey through Romania and beyond
Reflections in a writer's eye : travel pieces
A language barrier is no match for love. Lauren Collins discovered this firsthand when, in her early thirties, she moved to London and fell for a Frenchman named Olivier--a surprising turn of events for someone who didn't have a passport until she was in college. But what does it mean to love someone in a second language? Collins wonders, as her relationship with Olivier continues to grow entirely in English. Are there things she doesn't understand about Olivier, having never spoken to him in his native tongue? Does "I love you" even mean the same thing as "je t'aime"? When the couple, newly married, relocates to Francophone Geneva, Collins--fearful of one day becoming "a Borat of a mother" who doesn't understand her own kids--decides to answer her questions for herself by learning French.  When in Frenchis a laugh-out-loud funny and surprising memoir about the lengths we go to for love, as well as an exploration across culture and history into how we learn languages--and what they say about who we are. Collins grapples with the complexities of the French language, enduring excruciating role-playing games with her classmates at a Swiss language school and accidently telling her mother-in-law that she's given birth to a coffee machine. In learning French, Collins must wrestle with the very nature of French identity and society--which, it turns out, is a far cry from life back home in North Carolina. Plumbing the mysterious depths of humanity's many forms of language, Collins describes with great style and wicked humor the frustrations, embarrassments, surprises, and, finally, joys of learning--and living in--French -
Crazy cycling chick : the inspirational journey of Angie across America
Essays of travel and in the art of writing
A traveller's alphabet : partial memoirs
Eat, pray, love : one woman's search for everything across Italy, India and Indonesia
The other side of the river : Red China today
Endurance : Shackleton's incredible voyage
Mode of forcing a passage through the ice
Porovuosi = Reindeer year
The other side of Russia : a slice of life in Siberia and the Russian Far East
The beauties of the Bosphorus. Vol. 4-8. The Danube, its history, scenery, and topography
The last corner of arabia
Eating words : a Norton anthology of food writing
Under another sky : journeys in Roman Britain
They say we are infidels : on the run from ISIS with persecuted Christians in the Middle East
A Scandinavian summer : impressions of five months in Denmark, Finland, Sweden, Norway and Iceland
The journal of William Schellinks' travels in England 1661-1663
Northern wilderness
Intimate China : The Chinese as I have seen them
Pointless Suffering no 1
The quest begins
Walking the Nile
Ruinair : how to be treated like shite in 15 different countries ... and still quite like it
Planetwalker : [22 years of walking, 17 years of silence]
A visit to the Sarö and Shera Yögurs
French lessons : adventures with knife, fork and corkscrew
Travelling with Pomegranates : a mother and daughter journey to the sacred places of Greece, Turkey, and France
In another Europe : a journey to Romania
Spirits in the stars
The air-conditioned nightmare
A world flight over Russia : an epic true story of planning, danger, courage, political & cultural differences (and breathtaking beauty)
The last grain race
Among the thugs
The history of Lapland
C. G. Mannerheimin valokuvia Aasian matkalta 1906-1908 = Photographs by C. G. Mannerheim from his journey across Asia 1906-1908
Tracks
Through Finland to St. Petersburg
A traveller in China
Confessions from correspondent-land : the dangers & delights of life as a foreign correspondent
On her own : journalistic adventures from San Francisco to the Chinese Revolution, 1917-1927
"In 2012, after the overthrow of Qaddafi, the acclaimed novelist Hisham Matar journeys to his native Libya after an absence of thirty years. When he was twelve, Matar and his family went into political exile. Eight years later Matar's father, a former diplomat and military man turned brave political dissident, was kidnapped from the streets of Cairo by the Libyan government and is believed to have been held in the regime's most notorious prison. Now, the prisons are empty and little hope remains that Jaballah Matar will be found alive. Yet, as the author writes, hope is "persistent and cunning." This book is a profoundly moving family memoir, a brilliant and affecting portrait of a country and a people on the cusp of immense change, and a disturbing and timeless depiction of the monstrous nature of absolute power"--
Wild by nature : from Siberia to Australia, three years alone in the wilderness on foot
Across the universe
Phuket : pearl of the Orient
Direction North : a view of Finland
Me, myself & Prague : an unreliable guide to Bohemia
This is my native land : a Soviet journalist's travels
The grand voyage : the experience, the narrated experience and the experience economy : an analysis of ocean cruisers' travel blogs
Wild : from lost to found on the Pacific crest trail
The big red train ride
Viewing the Midnight Sun at Tornao in Lapland
On the road to Babadag : travels in the other Europe
Gaysia : adventures in the queer east
More moaning : the enlightened one returns
Billy Connolly's Route 66 : the big yin on the ultimate American road trip
A collection of original travel stories told by some of the world’s best novelists, including Isabel Allende, Keri Hulme, Peter Matthiessen, Alexander McCall Smith, Joyce Carol Oates, Téa Obreht and DBC Pierre. Exhilaratingly varied in place, plot, and voice, these tales all share one common characteristic: They manifest a passion for the precious gifts that travel confers, from its unexpected but inevitably enriching lessons about other peoples and places to the truths – sometimes uncomfortable but always enlarging – it reveals about ourselves.
Situated off the western coast of the Malay Peninsula, the island once known as 'Junkceylon' has seductive landscapes, unique cultural experiences and a variety of natural color that Bill Wassman's camera captures to an extraordinary degree. This book presents portraits and views of Phang Nga Bay, glorious beaches, and Phuket's history.
Fire in the sky
Travels in Mexico and life among the Mexicans
China today
Georgia : in the mountains of poetry
The last wilderness
John Hoskin's informative and entertaining text, and Mark Standen's distinctive and sympathetic photographs present a wide ranging introduction to the Kingdom in all its aspects: geography, history, people, religion, art, culture and cuisine
A tour through Sweden, Swedish-Lapland, Finland and Denmark. In a series of letters. Illustrated with engravings. By Matthew Consett, Esq. who accompanied Sir H. C. Liddell, Bart. and Mr. Bowes in this tour
Night times and light times : a journey through Lapland
Better than fiction : true travel tales from great fiction writers
Green cathedrals
The land of the midnight sun : summer and winter journeys through Sweden, Norway, Lapland and Northern Finland
In November 2013, former soldier Levison Wood embarked on one of the last great explorations - to walk the Nile from source to delta. In this volume he tells his story.
Jej królewska mość Wisła = Her majesty the Vistula
The Canadian Rockies : early travels and explorations
When friday comes : football in the war zone
At freedom's door
Asian absences : searching for Shangri-La
Travels in Tartary, Thibet, and China, during the years 1844-5-6
Travels through Sweden, Finland and Lapland to the North Cape in the years 1798 and 1799 Vol. 1
Mother India
Sea of shadows
Journey to Turkistan
Incidents of travel in Egypt, Arabia Petræa, and the Holy Land
Beyond belief : Islamic excursions among the converted peoples
Monty Hall's great escape : Beachcomber cottage : my search for the simple life
The nightless North : a walk across Lapland
101 places in Italy : a private grand tour, 1001 unforgettable works of art
News from Tartary : a journey from Peking to Kashmir
The road of bones : a journey to the dark heart of Russia
Continental shift : a journey into Africa's changing fortunes
Presenting Thailand : a journey through the kingdom
Forgotten land : journeys among the ghosts of East Prussia
Ladakh, the trans-Himalayan Kingdom
India, past and present
Studieresa i Tanzania 1989 : rapport från en resa av studerande i u-landskunskap = Study tour of Tanzania : report from a tour made by students in developments studies
Travels through Sweden, Finland and Lapland to the North Cape in the years 1798 and 1799. Vol 2
The natives of Torneå Lapmark, afsembled at Enontekis : to witness the launching the first balloon within the Arctic Circle
Letters from the Canary Islands
The return : fathers, sons, and the land in between
A voyage round the world in the years 1740-4
Relations of Golconda in the early seventeenth century
B-road Britain
