http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5978 travel literature
travel literature
That summer in Sicily : a love story
This is the South
A winter in Lapland and Sweden : with various observations, relating to Finnmark and its inhabitants; made during a residence at Hammerfest, near the north cape
The plague dogs
The last wilderness
Travel writing
White sails crowding
Travel, modernism and modernity
Strange lands and friendly people
Britain through American eyes : a comparative study of two traveller's accounts
The Tigris expedition : in search of our beginnings
Forest of ruin
The hobbit
The fearful void
Letters from Russia
The moaning of life : the worldly wisdom of Karl Pilkington
Russia, or, Miscellaneous observations on the past and present state of that country and its inhabitants : compiled from notes made on the spot during travels at different times, in the service of the Bible society and a residence of many years in that country
True north : travels in Arctic Europe
Aku-Aku : the secret of Easter Island
Sweet honey, bitter lemons : travels in Sicily on a Vespa
Sandstorms : days and nights in Arabia
Finnish summary.
A grand tour : letters and journeys 1794-96
An idiot abroad : the travel diaries of Karl Pilkington
The pleasure of thinking : a journey through the sideways leaps of ideas
Great Bear Lake
Anderson's travel companion : a guide to the best non-fiction and fiction for travelling
African silences
Mobility at large : globalization, textuality and innovative travel writing
Book lust to go : recommended reading for travelers, vagabonds, and dreamers
The great travelers : a collection of firsthand narratives of wayfarers, wanderers and explorers in all parts of the world from 450 b.c. to the present. Vol. 1
In 2010, bestselling author Kathleen Winter took a journey across the legendary Northwest Passage connecting the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans alongside marine scientists, historians, archaeologists, anthropologists, and curious passengers. From Greenland to Baffin Island and all along this arctic passage, Winter bears witness to the new mathematics of the melting North where polar bears mate with grizzlies, creating a new hybrid species; where the earth is on the cusp of yielding so much buried treasure that five nations stand poised to claim sovereignty of the land; and where the local Inuit population struggles to navigate the tension between taking their part in the new global economy and defending their traditional way of life. Throughout the journey she also learns much from her fellow travellers about the original expeditions, how to survive in a wasteland, Inuit society, the real perils of climate change and guides us through her own personal odyssey, emigrating from England to Canada as a child and discovering both what was lost and what was gained as a result of that journey. In breathtaking prose charged with vivid descriptions of the land and its people, Kathleen Winter's Boundless is a haunting and powerful story: a homage to the ever-evolving and magnetic power of the North.
I should have stayed home : the worst trips of great writers
The mark of the dragonfly
Hollow City : the second novel of Miss Peregrine's peculiar children
Britain through Muslim eyes : literary representations, 1780-1988
A taste of China
Spirits in the stars
A female poetics of empire : from Eliot to Woolf
A book of travellers' tales
Half wild
What am I doing here
"Focusing on the significance of travel in Joseph Conrad, E.M. Forster, D.H. Lawrence, Henry James and Edith Wharton, Robert Burden shows how travel enabled a new consciousness of mobility and borders during the modernist period. Burden argues that the greater awareness of cultural difference that characterizes both the travel writing and fiction of these expatriate writers became a defining feature of literary modernism that challenged the ethnographic project of empire"--
Empire of night
Notes from a small island
A Muezzin from the tower of darkness cries : travels in Turkey
The Cambridge introduction to travel writing
A vogue for travel a "stuntsa (TM) flourished in England between 1590 and the 1620s: playful imitations or burlesques of maritime enterprise and overland travel that collectively appear to be a response to particular innovations and developments in English culture. This study is the first full length scholarly work to focus on the curious phenomenon of a "madde voiagesa (TM), as the writer William Rowley called them. Anthony Parr shows that the mad voyage (as Rowley and others conceived it) had surprisingly deep and diverse roots in traditional travel practices, in courtly play and mercantile custom, and in literary culture. Looking in detail at several of the best-documented exploits, Parr situates them in the ferment of such ventures during the period in question; but also reaches back to explore their classical and mediaeval antecedents, and considers their role in creating a template for eccentric English adventure in later centuries. Renaissance Mad Voyages brings together literary and historical enquiry in order to address the implications of an interesting and neglected cultural trend. Parr's investigation of the rash of travel exploits in the period leads to extensive research on the origins of the wager on travel and its role in the expansion of English tourism and trading activity.
Real Ladies do not travel - or so it was once said. This collection of women's travel writing dispels the notion by showing how there are few corners of the world that have not been visited by intrepid lady travellers, often under conditions of extreme hardship or danger.
The Arabs : journeys beyond the mirage
Korea guide : a glimpse of Korea's cultural legacy
Wanderings in South America
Oceania and the Victorian imagination : where all things are possible
English travellers in the Near East
Riding the iron rooster : by train through China
Borderlines : a journey in Thailand and Burma
The other side of the river : Red China today
The blue of Capricorn
Essays of travel and in the art of writing
Better than fiction : true travel tales from great fiction writers
Lachesis lapponica or a tour in Lapland
A voyage to modernism
The great railway bazaar : by train through Asia
Across the universe
Motoring with Mohammed : journeys to Yemen and the Red Sea
Eternity's wheel
Their shining Elrorado : a journey through Australia
The key
Travels, explorations, and empires : writings from the era of imperial expansion, 1770-1835. Vol. 3, North and South Poles
Travels, explorations, and empires : writings from the era of imperial expansion, 1770-1835. Vol. 4, Middle East
Spring on an Arctic Island
Daughter of fire : a portrait of Iceland
Traveling in place : a history of armchair travel
To the inland empire : Coronado and our Spanish legacy
Zombies : a record of the year of infection
West of the Indus
UnWholly
Tracks
The last little blue envelope
A greyhound of a girl / Roddy Doyle ; paper cut illustrations: Julene Harrison
The fault line : traveling the other Europe, from Finland to Ukraine
B-road Britain
Fire in the sky
Corea : or, Cho-sen, the land of the morning calm
Avenue of mysteries
Journal of a tour in Germany, Sweden, Russia and Poland : in 1813-1814
Unsuitable for ladies : an anthology of women travellers
The traveler's Africa : a guide to the entire continent
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
Do travel writers go to hell? : a swashbuckling tale of high adventures, questionable ethics, and professional hedonism
Travel writing : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies. Vol 2, The context of travel
America
Postcolonial eyes : intercontinental travel in Francophone African literature
Road news from Tibet
Lonely Planet's guide to travel writing : expert advice on travel writing from the world's leading travel publisher
Swedish travel writing
Wall to wall : from Beijing to Berlin by trail
InterWorld
Transnational Russian-American travel writing
Without reservations
Along the Ganges
Old magic
The history of Lapland
To the frontier
India : a million mutinies now
"Armchair travel may seem like an oxymoron. Doesn't travel require us to leave the house? And yet, anyone who has lost herself for hours in the descriptive pages of a novel or the absorbing images of a film knows the very real feeling of having explored and experienced a different place or time without ever leaving her seat. No passport, no currency, no security screening required--the luxury of armchair travel is accessible to us all. In Traveling in Place, Bernd Stiegler celebrates this convenient, magical means of transport in all its many forms. Like the best guidebooks, Traveling in Place is more interested in the idea of travel as a state of mind than as a physical activity, and Stiegler reflects on the different ways that traveling at home have manifested themselves in the modern era, from literature and film to the virtual possibilities of the Internet, blogs, and contemporary art." --
"From the award-winning author of Hide Me Among the Graves, Last Call, Declare, and Three Days to Never, a phantasmagoric, thrilling, mind-bending tale of speculative fiction in which one man must uncover occult secrets of 1920s Hollywood to save his family. In the wake of their Aunt Amity's suicide, Scott and Madeline Madden are summoned to Caveat, the eerie, decaying mansion in the Hollywood hills in which they were raised. But their decadent and reclusive cousins, the malicious wheelchair-bound Claimayne and his sister, Ariel, do not welcome Scott and Madeline's return to the childhood home they once shared. While Scott desperately wants to go back to their shabby South-of-Sunset lives, he cannot pry his sister away from this haunted "House of Usher in the Hollywood Hills" that is a conduit for the supernatural.Decorated by bits salvaged from old hotels and movie sets, Caveat hides a dark family secret that stretches back to the golden days of Rudolph Valentino and the silent film stars. A collection of hypnotic eight-limbed abstract images inked on paper allows the Maddens to briefly fragment and flatten time - to transport themselves into the past and future in visions that are both puzzling and terrifying. Though their cousins know little about these ancient "spiders" which provoke unpredictable temporal dislocations, Ariel and Claimayne have been using for years - an addiction that has brought Claimayne to the brink of selfish destruction. As Madeline falls more completely under Caveat's spell, Scott discovers that to protect her, he must use the perilous spiders himself. But will he unravel the mystery of the Madden family's past and finally free them. or be pulled deeper into their deadly web?"--
The road
Travels in India, during the years 1780, 1781, 1782 and 1783
Sicilian carousel
The East is red : the view inside China
Nothing to declare : memoirs of a woman traveling alone
Sea of shadows
Travel writing in fiction & fact
The old Patagonian express : by train through the Americas
Engel's England : thirty-nine counties, one capital and one man
Turkish reflections : a biography of a place
Mobile narratives : travel, migration, and transculturation
Travel writing : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies. Vol 4, Approaches to travel
Personal experiences of the Indian Muslim educator's travels to London, England.
The tree where man was born
America's historylands : touring our landmarks of liberty
In trouble again : a special issue of travel writing
Cursory remarks made in a tour through some of the northern parts of Europe, particularly Copenhagen, Stockholm and Peterburgh
This book focuses on Iceland as a nineteenth-century utopian locus in the light of racial theories attached to the country's national framework. In particular, it investigates the ways in which five nineteenth-century travellers define their national identity and gender in relation to Iceland during the Victorian period, during which European nationalism emerges as an idea of paramount importance. Owing to the gradual contemplation of this peripheral word as the cradle of the Germanic nations, Victorian travel writers endeavoured to reconstruct the image of Iceland in accordance with the racial theoretical framework that underlay the nineteenth-century British nation-building agenda.
Go set a watchman
Reflections on a marine Venus : a companion to the landscape of Rhodes
Black lamb and grey falcon : a journey through Yugoslavia
Travel writing : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies. Vol 1, The production of travel writing
Crossing open ground
Station eleven : a novel
"Mobility at Large explores a unique trajectory of travel writing. Instead of focussing on best-selling travel texts by Paul Theroux, Bill Bryson, Michael Palin, Alain de Botton and others, this book examines a strand of innovative contemporary travel writing wherein the authors experiment with form, content and the politics of representation. In this, innovative travel texts by a range of writers - from Michael Ondaatje and Caryl Phillips to Daphne Marlatt and Sam Miller - transform the genre by inscribing travel, migration, mobility and displacement within a variety of experimental textual strategies to work through questions of movement and the politics of personal identity in relation to the complex interlocutions of space, place and subjectivity. As a result, Mobility at Large challenges those critics who dismiss the genre as inherently conservative and inextricably bound up in a colonial, Eurocentric tradition. The book also documents a long and rich tradition of travel writing that existed well beyond theinfluence of Europe."
Along the Sante Fe Trail
The wrong way home : [London to Sydney the hard way]
Travels through Sweden, Finland, and Lapland to the North Cape in the years 1798 and 1799
Himalayan wonderland : travels in Lahaul-Spiti
Balkan hours : travels in the other Europe
Norway and its glaciers, visited in 1851 : followed by journals of excursions in the high alps of Dauphiné, Berne and Savoy
Exiles, travellers and vagabonds : rethinking mobility in Francophone women's writing
Travel writing : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies. Vol 3, Modes of travel, types of traveller
An unexpected light : travels in Afghanistan
The ends of the earth : an anthology of the finest writing on the Arctic and the Antarctic
A collection of original travel stories told by some of the world’s best novelists, including Isabel Allende, Keri Hulme, Peter Matthiessen, Alexander McCall Smith, Joyce Carol Oates, Téa Obreht and DBC Pierre. Exhilaratingly varied in place, plot, and voice, these tales all share one common characteristic: They manifest a passion for the precious gifts that travel confers, from its unexpected but inevitably enriching lessons about other peoples and places to the truths – sometimes uncomfortable but always enlarging – it reveals about ourselves.
"The sea is history" : exploring the Atlantic
Shades of earth
Travels, explorations, and empires : writings from the era of imperial expansion, 1770-1835. Vol. 6, India
Mark Twain in : roughing it in the Sandwich Islands
China travel : Shanghai, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Wuxi, Suzhou ; edited by China International Travel Service
Travels, explorations, and empires : writings from the era of imperial expansion, 1770-1835. Vol. 8, South seas and Australasia
The contemporary Anglophone travel novel : the aesthetics of self-fashioning in the era of globalization
Ptolemy's gate
Passionate pilgrims : English travelers to the world of the desert Arabs
Renaissance mad voyages : experiments in early modern English travel
Letters of travel (1892-1913)
Medusa's web : a novel
A little tour in France
Incidents of travel in Egypt, Arabia Petræa, and the Holy Land
Eastern exposure
"The Muslim as a cultural category has come under increasing, most often hostile, scrutiny in Euro-America over the last four decades or so. As a result, the field of Muslim literary studies has emerged to shine a spotlight on the exciting body of literature by authors of Muslim heritage writing back to Islamophobic stereotypes. However, this academic oeuvre too often assumes that this literature is a contemporary, broadly post-9/11 phenomenon. In this important book, Claire Chambers takes a long view of depictions of Britain by writers from Muslim backgrounds. The book's first half focuses on travel and life writing from the eighteenth to the mid twentieth centuries by authors such as Mirza Sheikh I'tesamuddin, Najaf Koolee Meerza, and Atiya Fyzee. In the second half, she trains her critical gaze on the long tradition of fictional representations, from Ahmad Faris al-Shidyaq's Leg Over Leg (1855) to Ahdaf Soueif's Aisha (1983) and Abdulrazak Gurnah's Pilgrims Way (1988). Chambers argues that the Rushdie affair has been more of a turning point on perceptions of and by Muslims in Britain than 9/11. Her next book in this two-part series, Muslim Representations of Britain, 1988-Present, will therefore start with discussion of Salman Rushdie's The Satanic Verses (1988) and move to examination of the long shadow this text has cast on subsequent Muslim literary representations"--
Travel guide to the people's republic of China
The impossible country : a journey through the last days of Yugoslavia
The mammoth book of on the road
Gates to Asia : a diary from a long journey
UnSouled
Boundless : tracing land and dream in a new Northwest Passage
The Sindbad voyage
Travels, explorations, and empires : writings from the era of imperial expansion, 1770-1835. Vol. 7, Latin America and the Caribbean
The dark
A very strange society : a journey to the heart of South Africa
Travel, adventure and sport from Blackwood's magazine ; 4.
The quest begins
Trimaran against the trades
China returns
African American travel narratives from abroad : mobility and cultural work in the age of Jim Crow
Two-cylinder odyssey : a study of motorcycle travel literature
The Chinese : portrait of a people
Kon-Tiki : across the Pasific by raft
Prospero's cell : a guide to the landscape and manners of the island of Corcyra
Princess on the brink
Stop drifting, start rowing : one woman's search for happiness and meaning alone on the Pacific
Nineteenth-century British travelers in the new world
A concise Chinese-English dictionary for lovers
The blood of Abraham
Temptations of the west : how to be modern in India, Pakistan and beyond
Arabia : a jorney through the labyrinth
UnDivided
The Calling
Travels, explorations, and empires : writings from the era of imperial expansion, 1770-1835. Vol. 2, Southeast Asia
Princess Mia
The voyage of the 'Cap Pilar'
Journey to the Far pacific
The cruise of the 'Alerte'
Ethnocentrism and xenophobia : travel and travel literature in the eighteenth century
