http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5980 institutions (formal organisation)
institutions (formal organisation)
Trends and scenarios related to the turbulent operating environment of Finnish sawmills
Mineral processing plant design, practice, and control : proceedings
The Department of Psychology at Åbo Akademi
The Panopticon
From language battle to language planning - the Finnish Language Bureau
Research report 2007-2011 : simple solutions for complex problems
Working with local institutions to support sustainable livelihoods
Rethinking residential child care : positive perspectives
Nurses' view on elderly patients' gender identity
Institute of Oriental Culture : University of Tokyo 1994 = Tōkyō daigaku tōyō bunka kenkyūjo
Swedish summary.
City of a thousand dolls
At the beginning of 2016, a new life and non-life insurance company solvency regulation was launched in EU, the so-called Solvency II regime. In the new regulation, both assets and liabilities of insurance companies are valued at market terms. The timing of the reform is awkward for the companies, as low interest rates and economic uncertainty burden company solvency..
Assessment : the cornerstone of activity programs
Research at the top
Customer service training program for Virginia Woof Dog Daycare Center
Water Engineering : Hydraulics, Distribution and Treatment
Moxyland
Development and effect analysis of the Asteri consultative auditing process : safety and security management in educational institutions
The first global financial crisis of the 21st century
Final report on the evaluation of the Pharmacy : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes of the University of Helsinki
Eighteen meters : tales from Tampere
Appraisals of education-related goals during educational transitions in late adolescence : consequences for academic well-being and goal attainment
An institutional evaluation of the Safety Technology Authority of Finland (TUKES)
Policy-practice gap in participation of students with disabilities in Ethiopia's formal vocational education programme
Summary.
Research at the top 1996.
Financial statement statistics on credit institutions
Benchmarking for school improvement : a practical guide for comparing and achieving effectiveness
List of universities and colleges in Japan : natural and applied sciences
Adult education of educational institutions
Department of Computer Science : annual report 1998
Financial system risk resilience and structural risks
Investment funds : Annual Review
The Research Institute for the Languages of Finland 1999.
The electronic financial markets of the future : survival strategies of the broker-dealers
The left hand of god
Institute of Oriental Culture : University of Tokyo
Institutions of confinement : hospitals, asylums, and prisons in Western Europe and North America, 1500-1950
Behavioral Threat Management: Prevention of Severe Targeted Violence in Educational Institutions
Major European marine research institutes and centres : address list
Local institutions and livelyhoods : guidelines for analysis
Tools, not rules : new perspectives in language planning
Corporate governance in government corporations
Eighteen meters : tales from Tampere. Section 2
Eläketurvakeskuksen tilastoja = Statistik från pensionsskyddscentralen = Statistics from the Finnish Centre for Pensions
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
The big short : inside the doomsday machine
Folklore studies at the University of Helsinki : a current view
The Institute of migration 1974-1984
Carry on
Activities for the elderly : a guide to quality programming. Vol 1
A guide for building, operating, controlling and maintaining a complete mix activated sludge pilot reactor
The model for parliaments in the future? The case of the Finnish Committee for the Future?
Research Institute for the Languages of Finland in 2000 : Work with and for Languages
Abstract: National legislatures and EU governance.
The Finnish school system : a taboo issue in Sámi language revitalization
Deparment of Psychology, University of Jyväskylä
Research at the Department of General Psychology, University of Helsinki
A comparative survey of structural characteristics of Finnish university departments
Trust as a strategy for handling uncertainty in private savings choices
Asset management standards : corporate governance for asset management
The institutions of the labour movement heritage in Finland
Specter ops : Shadow of Babel
Social media marketing & Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences
Feasibility study on the biogas production from organic wastes generated at the University of Jyväskylä
Student's preference choice among private and national brands of snacks in Kuas Cafeterias, Finland / Juan Jose Garcia Navarro & Lucia Palkovicova
Nurses' perceptions and support of elderly loneliness in nursing homes
A techno-economic comparison of biogas upgrading technologies in Europe
On one side, a lone A.R.K. agent infiltrates a Raxxon facility, seeking to retrieve three mission targets and escape alive. Equipped with unique skills and tools, the agent moves in secret.  On the other side, two or more genetically enhanced Raxxon hunters, alerted to the intruder's presence, take no prisoners as they attempt to eliminate the A.R.K. agent before a successful escape. Super-human mutations and keen coordination aid them in their duty to destroy Raxxon's enemies.
Financial activities
The International Handbooks of Teacher Education cover major issues in the field through chapters that offer detailed literature reviews designed to help readers to understand the history, issues and research developments across those topics most relevant to the field of teacher education from an international perspective. This volume is divided into two sections: The organisation and structure of teacher education; and, knowledge and practice of teacher education. The first section explores the complexities of teacher education, including the critical components of preparing teachers for teaching, and various aspects of teaching and teacher education that create tensions and strains. The second examines the knowledge and practice of teacher education, including the critical components of teachers' professional knowledge, the pedagogy of teacher education, and their interrelationships, and delves into what we know and why it matters in teacher education.
Academic leadership
Cultural and contextual shaping of scholarly communication : publishing and reading practices in Finnish state research institutes
Research and development
The Financial Markets of China
The Department of Biochemistry 1939-1989
Making residential care work : structure and culture in children's homes
External networked learning in anticipating change : the case of a Finnish vocational educational organization
Municipal Solid Waste Incineration For Accra Brewery Limited (Ghana)
The department in a nutshell
At home in the institution : material life in asylums, lodging houses and schools in Victorian and Edwardian England
Institute of the Lithuanian language
Finnish cultural and research institutes
Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Structural changes in banking have created space for new players on the financial markets. Weak economic growth, regulation, search for yield and technical innovations have facilitated growth in shadow banking. Even though the diversification of funding channels is to be welcomed, the growth of shadow banking entails risks that must be monitored. In Finland, the volume of shadow banking is small by international comparison..
Redefining financial services
The second decade : a progress report, 1958-68
Empirical Study of the Use and Exploitation of TAPE- Accident Reporting and Monitoring Program in Elder Care in Kouvola (accident project)
Schools that learn : a fifth discipline fieldbook for educators, parents, and everyone who cares about education
The EFQM excellence model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The potential of personnel training in the development of an industrial enterprise
Summary s. 375-380.
CSC news : High performance computing and networking in Finland
Entrance to education
In this gripping novel of suspense by #1 New York Times bestselling author Lisa Jackson, a small timber town nestled in the shadow of Oregon's Cascade Mountains is the perfect place for a killer to hide.
Report on Estonian research within the language sciences
Antimicrobial use and infections in Finnish long-term care facilities
Art collections, private and public : a comparative legal study
Distributed public governance : agencies, authorities and other government bodies
ICCEES international newsletter 39
Faculty-librarian relationships
Research of expansion strategy of Postal Direct Mail in Anhui Province, China
This study overviews the current state of the Chinese state enterprises and bank reforms.Transformation of command economy into market economy has until recently been relatively frictionless, at least in retrospective to other command economies. Recently economic growth has become sluggish which has been blamed on structural factors.Corporate governance reform is recognized as the next key issue of reforms.Despite the economic weight of state owned enterprises is diminishing, the financial sector is heavily linked to the SOE.The current economic woes result from the reckless lending practices, the money was given to those with political influence instead of those deserving.Now, the amount of bad debt is threatening the stability of the financial sector. Institutions required for effective corporate governance are emerging.However, the state wants to retain control over the former state owned enterprises, which hinders the proper functioning of the market.Piecemeal reforms do not appear to suffice and there are some serious doubts of the capacity to finance the reforms.  Keywords: China, Economic Reforms, State Owned Enterprises, Corporate Control .
Computer science at the University of Helsinki 1996
Computer science at the University of Helsinki 1998
Statistics of the Criminal Sanctions Agency
Residential child care : collaborative practice
Finnish customs investigation report
Social, economic, and institutional aspects of agro-forestry
The International Handbooks of Teacher Education cover major issues in the field through chapters that offer detailed literature reviews, designed to help readers to understand the history, issues and research developments across those topics most relevant to the field of teacher education from an international perspective. This volume is divided into two sections: Teacher educators; and, students of teaching. The first examines teacher educators, their role, and the way that role influences the nature of teaching about teaching. In turn, the second explores who students of teaching are, and how that influences the relationship between teaching and learning about teaching.
Business opportunities in Vietnamese animal husbandry sectors for biogas SMEs : Finnish biogas enterprises
Launching CaringTV onto the Japanese market: a cost approach in focus
Caring for the older person : practical care in hospital, care home or at home
Castrenianum : the centre of research into Finnish and its related languages
The Balch Institute for ethnic studies
Enabling leadership promotes a positive working climate
The power of encountering : a story of co-creative process inquiry
The ritualization of progress : the schooled imagination
Centres for the conservation and restoration of movable cultural property in Latin America and the Caribbean : analysis and perspectives, training programs : final report (abridged version) : Seminar-workshop on the evaluation of training programs on conservation of cultural movable objects in Latin America and the Caribbean, Bogota-Colombia, November 1985.
Providers of education and educational institutions
The privatization of state education : public partners, private dealings
Key account acquisition and retention in the United Kingdom private medical insurance market : case study: AXA PPP healthcare
From ancient to avant-garde to global : creative processes and institutionalization in Finnish contemporary folk music
The Research Institute for the Languages of Finland 25 years
ICCEES international newsletter 35
Possibilities of telework as an organisational tool for the flexible arrangement of teachers' work from the teacher's viewpoint
Social psychology at the University of Tampere
Discipline, decency, and teetotalism at early-1900's teacher training colleges in northern Finland
Abstract: Equality and Progress - The Finnish Education Project Under Russian Rule.
Asylums : essays on the social situation of mental patients and other inmates
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential Web tools
International evaluation of the Department of Molecular Medicine, National Public Health Institute 26.9.2007 = Kansanterveyslaitoksen Molekyylilääketieteen osaston kansainvälinen arviointi 26.9.2007
Social security schemes administered by Kela 2010-2060 : actuarial report
Norwegian support to Bunda College of Agriculture - phase II : an evaluation
Breaking down barriers : teaching to learn and learning to teach in a music conservatory's outreach program
Testing for common costs in the city of Helsinki bus transit auctions
Structural changes in banking have paved the way for shadow banks
100 years of power plant development : focus on steam and gas turbines as prime movers
Kristalli : festiv[e] number for the opening of Sylvia-koti hall, Easter 1987.
Business schools have come under fire in recent years with criticisms centring on their academic rigour and the relevance of business education to the 'real' world of management. Alongside this ongoing debate, increasing international competition and media rankings have led to a fierce struggle between business schools for positioning and differentiation. These are among the challenges that are faced by the Dean of the modern-day business school. In this book, Fernando Fragueiro and Howard Thomas show how Deans of business schools can meet such challenges in terms of strategic direction setting and the execution of their leadership role. Drawing on their invaluable experience as Deans of highly successful business schools, they present a series of case studies to show how leaders of five leading business schools (IMD, LBS, INSEAD, IAE and Warwick) have built effective strategies in the context of internal and external political pressures.
Strategic leadership in the business school : keeping one step ahead
Insurance companies promote economic activity by offering savings products and protection against risks. At the same time, insurance companies themselves are also investors. The reliability of insurance business is important for the economy as a whole. The low level of interest rates weakens insurance companies' investment returns and increases the market value of liabilities in the sector; when protracted, this poses problems, particularly for life insurers. Systemic risks in the insurance business have begun to attract attention, especially in consideration of insurance companies' importance as significant institutional investors..
Changing incentives for chinese state-owned enterprises
Working with children in care : European perspectives
Reform of insurance sector regulation
The everyday life of children in institutional care
Mineral processing plant design, practice, and control : proceedings, Vol. 2
Public institutions in India : performance and design
Thermographic and Vibration Control Maintenance in a CHP Power Plant
The panopticon
Healing the hospital environment : design, management and maintenance of healthcare premises
On the research and educational work in the Division of Applied Psychology of the Department of Psychology at the Helsinki University
The North American Muslim resource guide : Muslim community life in the United States and Canada
International handbook of teacher education. Vol. 2
Insurance companies as major investors are a potential source of systemic risk
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to examine and analyze the financial markets of China. The intention was to form a comprehensive picture of the current state and the latest developments of the markets. Specific attention was paid to the accessibility and opportunities offered to foreign participants in the markets. The study concentrates on mainland China, excluding Hong Kong and Macau. The research was conducted using qualitative methodology, by collecting data first and then analyzing it using financial market theories. The data was collected from various sources, including business news, academic journals, official websites, statistics databases and interviews. The analysis was based on different aspects of efficient markets; the allocative, operational and informational efficiencies. The results revealed that while the financial markets of China have a modern and quickly developing appearance, they are still far from being open and efficient. The most important limiting factor in the financial markets is the regulation of the foreign exchange market. The government also holds a strong control over all the other aspects of the markets as well. The access for foreign companies is currently restricted; only a limited number of licensed foreign institutions are allowed to operate with the local currency, and even then only within set quotas. The markets are, however, constantly developing. The foreign exchange is slowly opening up, presenting new investment opportunities for foreign investors in the future.
Representation, nation and time : the political rhetoric of the 1866 parliamentary reform in Sweden
Social Media in the B2B Banking & Finance Landscape : Case: Nordic Investment Bank
A short history of the Sodankylä geophysical observatory
The diverted dream : community colleges and the promise of educational opportunity in America, 1900-1985
International handbook of teacher education. Vol. 1
Lithuanian hearth : language museum = Lituanistikos židinys
Values in the daily job : civil servant's ethics : a handbook for the state administration
Effects of waste treatment technique and quality of waste on bioaerosols in Finnish waste treatment plants
Part-time work, part-time studies : the effects of working alongside studying at the Department of Languages in the University of Jyväskylä
Annual report 2007 : Department of Forest Economics including the Unit of Biostochastics, Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences, Umeå
Water Supply Plan : Evaluation and Optimization of the Water Supply System in Kolt-Hasselager
Monetary financial institutions : annual review
Leadership cultures in academic departments
European Union Harmonized Excise Taxation : Occasional Importation Process
The financial markets of China
