http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5991 land law code
land law code
By the rivers : the cultural and nature tourism route of Oulu Arc
The economic geography of the tourist industry : a supply-side analysis
Cosmos, life, and liturgy in a Greek Orthodox village
Implementation of the North European Gas Pipeline Project : data inventory and further need for data for environmental impact assessment
Environmental Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) of agricultural food production
Animal manure recycling : treatment and management
Where my heart used to beat : a novel
Laws of destiny never disappear : culture of Thailand in the postlocal world
Change of norm? : in-work poverty in a comparative perspective
Public private partnerships in transport ; trends and theory
Space-time of the Bororo of Brazil
Snow falling on cedars
Transitions : four rituals in eight cultures
Suomen kansankulttuurin kartasto = Atlas of Finnish ethnic culture. 2, Suomen perinneatlas = Folklore
Full circles : geographies of women over the life course
By the rivers : the cultural and nature tourism route of Oulu Arc, Ii-Kuivaniemi-Pudasjärvi-Utajärvi-Yli-Ii-Ylikiiminki
Modernising social policy for the new life course
Ritual and belief in Morocco. Volume II
A natural history of associations : a study in the meaning of community. Volume 2
Ympäristökilpailukyvyn edistäminen Keskipohjolassa : Keskipohjolakomiten ProMidNord-hankkeen WP 2 (Work Package) -osion loppuraportti = Improving the eco-competitiveness in the Mid Nordic region : final report of WP 2 (Work Package) -work in the Mid Nordic Committee's ProMidNord-project
Understanding aggregate saving of households
Anthropology and the riddle of the sphinx : paradoxes of change in the life course
Gender and education in a life perspective : lessons from Scandinavia
A natural history of associations : a study in the meaning of community. Vol. 2
Finnish folklore atlas. 2, Ethnic Culture of Finland
Red Girls : the Legend of the Akakuchibas
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Over the last thirty years Public Private Partnerships (PPPs) have been used to deliver transport capital projects and services. PPPs are complex arrangements that require a multi-disciplinary approach in order to assure their success, though research on the subject has been fragmented. This book fills the gap in existing literature by providing insight into these complex arrangements at their various stages of development. Public Private Partnerships in Transport: trends and theory is structured to follow the life-cycle of a PPP project and strikes a balance between theory and practice. Divided into four parts, each section highlights major concerns and offers and array of views and policy recommendations. Parts include context for national implementation, decision models, performance measures and efficiency standards.This book includes an expanded discussion on the findings presented, discussed and analysed at the closing event of the COST Action TU1001 network on the topic of PPPs in transport. The result will be of significant interest to the academic community, policy makers and practitioners.
Greenhouse impacts of the use of peat and peatlands in Finland : research programme final report
Environmental analysis and indicators for the Kymenlaakso region
Life cycle assessment of road construction
Paper + Finland = Art : American Craft Museum, New York, January 27 - March 22, 1998
Full Circles describes the very different lives and expectations of women in post-industrial and developing countries from childhood to old age. Analysing how class, ethnicity, nationality and individual values intersect with the experience of the life course, the book explores the futures open to women in diverse and changing locations.
Improving marketing of the Health Care Information and Timing System (TINA) : case-study
Nuorten 27. näyttely : Helsingin Taidehalli = De ungas 27. utställning : Helsingfors Konsthall = The exhibition of the young artists : 1.7. - 4.8.1974
System and repertoire in Sakata medicine : Democratic Republic of Congo
Sustainable use of renewable natural resources : from principles to practices
First women geographers in Finland 1890-1930 : a development perspective
E-cycling : linking trade and environmental law in the EC and the U.S
And the mountains echoed
Graphica creativa '05 : 30-vuotisjuhlanäyttely : 11. kansainvälinen taidegrafiikan triennaali : [Jyväskylän taidemuseo, 8.7. - 2.10.2005] = Graphica creativa '05 : 30 years anniversary exhibition : the 11th International Print Triennial : [Jyväskylä Art M / [toimittajat = editors: Laura Kuurne, Jukka Partanen]
Summary (s. 11-12).
The Award
Walking stories : an oddnography of mad people's work with culture
Play from birth to twelve and beyond : contexts, perspectives and meanings
The world until yesterday : what can we learn from traditional societies?
The stranger's child
In one's own shadow : an ethnographic account of the condition of post-reform rural China
The sun, moon and stars
Maan henki : 20.11.-19.12.1993 Helsingin taidehalli = Spirit of Maa : 20.11.-19.12.1993 Helsinki Art Hall
Imagining the course of life : self-transformation in a Shan Buddhist community
Tourism in western Europe : a collection of case histories
MAAn henki : Helsingin Taidehalli = Spirit of MAA : Helsinki Art Hall, 21.11. - 19.12.1993 / Taidekoulu MAA = Art School MAA ; toim. Erkki Pirtola
Calling in the soul : gender and the cycle of life in a Hmong village
Evaluating land-use related environmental impacts of biomass value chains for decision-support : comparison and testing of methodologies proposed for environmental life cycle assessment
Summary.
Crossroads between mind, society and culture : in honour of Yrjö-Paavo Häyrynen in his sixtieth birthday 14 November 1993
The sun, moon and stars : Reykjavik 22.4. - 14.5. 2000
Dimensio : Finnish experimental artists' group : Latvian Museum of Foreign Art : M6 : 7.5. -2.6.1996  = Dimensija : Somijas eksperimentalas makslas grupa : Arzemju Makslas Muzeja : M6 : 7.5. - 2.6.1996
Land use in life cycle assessment
Guidelines for the application of life cycle assessment in the EU eco-label award scheme : a report
Himmler's cook
The world : a beginner's guide
Archipelago travel map = Schären Touristenkarte
World : a beginner's guide
Tourism : people, places and products
Bothnian Arc : a region of the future in nothern Europe = en framtidsregion i norra Europa = tulevaisuuden alue pohjoisessa Euroopassa = region buduščego v Severnoj Evrope
The goals, architecture and means of lifelong learning : backround paper issued by the European Commission
Life Cycle Assessment in the Agri-food sector : proceedings from the 4th international conference, October 6-8, Bygholm, Denmark
Graphica creativa 90 : kuudes kansainvälinen taidegrafiikan triennaali : Alvar Aalto-museo, Keski-Suomen museo = the sixth international print triennial : Alvar aalto museum, Museum of Central Finland : [Jyväskylä], 15.9. - 18.11.1990 / [toimittaja: Raija Partanen ; näyttelytoimikunta: Matti Koskela... [et al.]
Crow lake
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
The skin of the sky : [a novel]
Life cycle assessment (LCA) of different Central American agro-food chains
LCA methodology and raw material aspect of forest industry
