http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p5993 energy resources
energy resources power resources
Renewable energy vs. conventional energy, a comparison of market pricing risk
"The industrial revolution transformed the productive power of societies. It did so by vastly increasing the individual productivity, thus delivering whole populations from poverty. In this new account by one of the world's acknowledged authorities the central issue is not simply how the revolution began but still more why it did not quickly end. The answer lay in the use of a new source of energy. Pre-industrial societies had access only to very limited energy supplies. As long as mechanical energy came principally from human or animal muscle and heat energy from wood, the maximum attainable level of productivity was bound to be low. Exploitation of a new source of energy in the form of coal provided an escape route from the constraints of an organic economy but also brought novel dangers. Since this happened first in England, its experience has a special fascination, though other countries rapidly followed suit"--
"The study of natural resource extraction in resource-rich countries often shows that plunder, rather than prosperity, has become the norm. Management of natural resources differs widely in every state; a close examination of the decision making chains in various states highlights the key principles that need to be followed to avoid distortion and dependence. This book consists of eight case studies investigating the political economy of the decision chain, revealing where various states have met with success, or failed disastrously. This original research provides a unique insight into how different countries have handled their resource extraction. This book is essential reading for students, researchers and policy makers working across development economics and natural resource economics. "-- Provided by publisher.
Assessment of energy wood resources in Northwest Russia
Natural and Artificial Photosynthesis : Solar Power as an Energy Source
New conditions for growth in Russia
Peat research and development in Indonesia : appraisal of a proposal for Finnish-Indonesian collaboration : final report
EU energy security in the gas sector : evolving dynamics, policy dilemmas and prospects
Practical eco-electrical home power electronics
Energy use worldwide : a reference handbook
Energy : management, supply and conservation
Energy and society : an introduction
In addition to renewable energy systems,  the Handbook also covers processes for  the effi cient and clean conversion of  traditional fuels such as coal, oil and gas,  energy storage systems, mitigation technologies  for the reduction of environmental  pollutants, and the development  of intelligent energy systems. Environmental,  social and economic impacts of  energy systems are also addressed in  depth.
Handbook of natural resource and energy economics. Vol. 2
Planning for a sustainable future
Energy and the transformation of international relations : toward a new producer-consumer framework
Sustainability assessment of renewables-based products : methods and case studies
Power supply challenges : solutions for integrating renewables
Energy efficiency : for engineers and technologists
Momentum for renewable energy in India : toward a low-carbon future
This paper examines Russian energy development and plans and their geopolitical implications around the turn of the new millennium. Argumentation is founded on the interpretation of the impacts of stakeholders' interests on geopolitics under new societal conditions and the legacy of past energy production and logistics. Empirical evidence consists of material from the projects of Russian companies and the plans and politics of the Russian Government for developing the energy sector.The redefined borders and the geographical shifts of energy production have brought about the orientation of Russia's energy development and interests towards the north. The former empire's parts bordering on Russia in the west, Belarus and first of all Ukraine, have become problematic due to transit payment conflicts. Consequently, Russian companies develop ports in North-West Russia as well as plan the construction of new oil and gas pipelines through the Baltic Sea Region. On the other hand, the northern location of the infrastructure plans is a geographical necessity, in the way that new oil and gas deposits lie in northern high-latitude zones. Energy stakeholders' market-oriented interests greatly influence the country's economic orientation to the advanced economies and the global economy. Thus, Russia's new energy geopolitics means economic integration and networking with partners (companies, nations and economic areas) that are able to co-operate successfully in the economic sector. In all, the energy projects and plans in Russia are derived from these restructured, pragmatic and market-led economic interests, which have led to the growing significance of gateways in North-West Russia.
Renewable energy policy in IEA countries. Volume 1, Overview
Summary (s. VIII-XIV).
Unravelling the intricate relationship between economic development and energy consumption, this book proposes an innovative framework for the empirical investigation of the link between the economy and natural resources. It proposes a novel set of indicators to shed light on those aspects of the economic process and development that determine their requirements in terms of natural resources. Employing updated databases, this book presents tables and diagrams to compare the conventional and the new estimates of the linkage between energy and economic development (Energy Intensity) throughout the world, over the last 100 years. Whereas estimates based on the established framework for evaluating the link between energy resources and the economy indicate a strong decoupling trend, the new indicators follow substantially different paths which suggest a strong coupling between economic growth and energy use. These differences -which call into question the prevailing opinion of decoupling- are fundamental for the prospects of sustainability. This book provides a valuable resource for economists, energy and environmental analysts, natural resource managers and policy makers. It is also intended for students of ecological economics, sustainability studies, natural resource and energy economics.
Production of bio-oils : physical and energy technical properties
Sustainable systems and energy management at the regional level : comparative approaches
People's utility bicycle project
Energy-smart food for people and climate : issue paper
International handbook on the economics of energy
Energy visions 2050 : summary
Living in a low-carbon society in 2050
A history of energy : Northern Europe from [the] Stone Age to the present day
Sustainable development for the European Union : EU's programs and policies to develop the use of renewable energies in the developing countries of Asia
Ullmann's energy : resources, processes, products
The science of energy : resources and power explained
Dynamics of energy systems : methods of analysing technology change
Summary (s. i-xi).
Russia energy survey 2002
Energy resources
From curse to blessing? : using natural resources to fuel sustainable development
Standard handbook of powerplant engineering
Proceedings of the Committee on Natural Resources, Eighth Session, and, of the Regional Expert Group Meeting on the Follow-up of the Nairobi Programme of Action on New and Renewable Sources of Energy
Oil politics : a modern history of petroleum
Environment, power, and society for the twenty-first century : the hierarchy of energy
Silvicultural decisions based on simulation-optimization systems
Regional programme for the development of new and renewable energy resources : assessment and prospects
Managing petroleum resources : the 'Norwegian model' in a broad perspective
New security frontiers : critical energy and the resource challenge
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Photovoltaics : Fundamentals, Technology and Practice
Perspectives of renewabl[e] energy resources utilization in Karelian fuel-energy balance : proceedings of the first International Seminar. Volume 2, 4. - 7. April, 1993, Petrozavodsk, Russia
Bioenergy : for what and how much?
The Rusian non-fuel sector : signs of Dutch disease? : evidence  from EU-25 import competition
Energy Resources : Occurrence, Production, Conversion, Use
Global potential of modern fuelwood
The security complex theory and the energy security
China project : China's energy industry 1953-2015
Wind energy : the facts
Moon : prospective energy and material resources
The governance of energy megaprojects : politics, hubris and energy security
Science magazine ́s state of the planet 2006-2007
Alternative energy for dummies®
World resources 1986.
"Energy is, without a doubt, the very foundation of the universe. It's the engine that powers life and fuels the evolution of human civilization. Yet for all its importance, what energy really is and how it works remains a mystery to most non-scientists. For example: Where does most of our energy come from, and how is it sourced? How do energy technologies, both primitive and cutting-edge, generate power? How do we store energy--and will there be enough to meet our future needs? What are the pros and cons behind the forms of energy currently available to us? How might we harness potential future energy sources such as earthquakes and supervolcanoes? All too often, the answers to questions like these are bogged down in polemics and controversy. Imagine, then, how these and other questions could be discussed from a purely factual, scientific perspective. The truth is, to better put into perspective the various issues surrounding energy in the 21st century, you need to understand the essential science behind how energy works. And you need a reliable source whose focus is on giving you the facts you need to form your own educated opinions" -- provided by publisher.
Fundraising and investor relations in social enterprise : Marketing your way out of the pioneer gap in African off-grid renewable energy
Handbook of natural resource and energy economics. Vol. 1
World energy crisis : a reference handbook
We fight for oil
Energy transitions : history, requirements, prospects
Solar, wind and land : conflicts in renewable energy development
Shale gas in europe : a multidisciplinary analysis with a focus on European specificities
Natural resource economics : an introduction
Zhongguo nengyuan wenti yu nengyuan zhengce xuanze = China energy issues and policy choices
Biomass forestry in Europe : a strategy for the future
"We are undergoing a historical transformation in the way we create and disseminate energy. Together, Internet technology and the reality of renewable energy are creating a new type of electrical grid, one in which energy is stored and distributed on an individual basis. Soon, hundreds of millions of human beings will be generating their own green energy in their homes, offices and factories, and sharing it, just as they now create their own information and share it on the Internet. In just a few years, millions of buildings and even cities will become energy self-sufficient, signaling the end of our reliance on fossil fuels. This transformation is already underway in Europe, where author Jeremy Rifkin serves as EU advisor on a project that will revolutionize the continent's energy supply, with Asia to follow. We even see shades of it in Texas, Colorado, and California, where electrical companies will be laying down parts of the Smart Grid over the next several years. But it's not just about the promise of clean energy. Rather, this "Energy Internet" will fundamentally change every aspect of the way we work and live. It will foster continental markets and the creation of continental political unions to oversee new expansive commercial opportunities. It will signify the end of needless wars fought over energy sources, and the dawning of an era of true international cooperation. Finally, it offers the hope that we can get to a post-carbon era by mid century and avert catastrophic climate change. Here, Rifkin explains how the United States can embrace this ambitious vision of the future, end its decades-old crisis over foreign oil, and ensure its continued status as world power. He also paints an accessible, anecdotal picture of what our lives will look like in this new global order-if we can summon the political will to join it"-- Provided by publisher.
Energy options for Africa : environmentally sustainable alternatives
Household energy handbook : an interim guide and reference manual
World energy investment outlook : 2003 insights
Sustainable nuclear power
Energy in Europe : economics, policy and strategy
World energy outlook
Perspectives of renewable energy resources utilization in Karelian fuel-energy balance : proceedings of the first international seminar, 4.-7. April, 1993, Petrozavodsk, Russia. Vol. 2
Conditions and prospects for increasing forest yield in northern Europe
Bioenergy : a global opportunity
China and the global energy crisis : development and prospects for China's oil and natural gas
Thermie : demonstration of energy technology : activity report 1998
Shale Gas in Europe assesses the specificities of large-scale shale gas extraction in Europe from a multidisciplinary viewpoint that is from the point of View of engineers, economists, policymakers, lawyers and sociologists. Shale Gas in Europe evaluates the potential of shale gas in the EU, including potential risks.
Methods of energy generation and energy generating systems for their implementation
Experienced and expected support needs in local sustainable energy action planning (SEAP)
Building on success : the age of energy efficiency
The globalization of energy : China and the European Union
Managing the transition to renewable energy : theory and practice from local, regional and macro perspectives
"The global demand for clean, renewable energy has rapidly expanded in recent years and will likely continue to escalate in the decades to come. Wind and solar energy systems often require large quantities of land and airspace, so their growing presence is generating a diverse array of new and challenging land use conflicts. Wind turbines can create noise, disrupt views or radar systems, and threaten bird populations. Solar energy projects can cause glare effects, impact pristine wilderness areas, and deplete water resources. Developers must successfully navigate through these and myriad other land use conflicts to complete any renewable energy project. Policymakers are increasingly confronted with disputes over these issues and are searching for rules to effectively govern them. Tailoring innovative policies to address the unique conflicts that arise in the context of renewable energy development is crucial to ensuring that the law facilitates rather than impedes the continued growth of this important industry. This book describes and analyses the property and land use policy questions that most commonly arise in renewable energy development. Although it focuses primarily on issues that have arisen within the United States, the book's discussions of international policy differences and critiques of existing approaches make it a valuable resource for anyone exploring these issues in a professional setting anywhere in the world"--
Handbook of Clean Energy Systems
Europe's energy position : 2010 annual report
Energy : the next fifty years
A MATLAB program for PV module performance analysis based on real outdoor data stored in a PostgreSQL database
The dynamics of energy : supply, conversion, and utilization
Sustainable energy consumption and society : personal, technological, or social change?
Environmental science : working with the earth
World energy outlook 2004
Mineral deposits of Canada
Energy technology 2011 : carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas reduction metallurgy and waste heat recovery
Synergies for sustainable energy
The energetic aspects of migration in northern ungulates, the caribou and reindeer (Rangifer tarandus)
The end of oil : on the edge of a perilous new world
Energy sector in Russia : economic and business outlook
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
Energy potential of the Russian Arctic seas : choice of development strategy
The poverty of power : energy and the economic crisis
Introducing natural resources
Environmental management. Volume I, The compartmental approach
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1998, 6 : The energy dilemma : the dominanse of fossil fuels
Energy and the English Industrial Revolution
Biorenewable resources : engineering new products from agriculture
Europe's energy position - markets and supply
Survey of energy resources 2004
Energy in the Northern Dimension : opportunities and unanswered questions
Renewable energy resources
Powerdown : options and actions for a post-carbon world
Factors influencing availability of biomass resources and efficiency of its procurement for energy generation : a regional study for the Banská Bystrica region, Slovakia
Wind characteristics : an analysis for the generation of wind power
Community renewable energy in the northern periphery : an argument for policy change
Energy economics
Markets for carbon and power pricing in Europe : theoretical issues and empirical analyses
New converter topologies for integration of hydrogen based long-term energy storages to renewable energy systems
Renewable energy resources as a reliable and sustainable source for rural electrification and development in Tanzania : challenges of renewable energy private sector's investments in Tanzania
Despite unprecedentedly high prices of natural resources such as oil and gas on the global market, resource-rich countries are home to over 60# of the world's poorest people. This book discusses the counterintuitive phenomenon known as the "resource curse" and how mineral wealth can impoverish countries.
Energy security : economics, politics, strategies, and implications
Resources for our future : key issues and best practices in resource efficiency
The publication Resources for our Future provides a very accessible account of the international resource question as well as an inspiring overview of industrial best practices. The authors clarify the main ecological constraints related to the use of a wide range of resources, such as water, industrial and construction minerals, and biotic resources.
North-West Russia as a gateway in Russian energy geopolitics
Algae : nutrition, pollution control and energy sources
Energy policy in the U.S. : politics, challenges, and prospects for change
Energy wood potential, supply systems and costs in Tihvin and Boksitogorsk districts of the Leningrad region
EVALUATION OF MARKET POTENTIAL OF BRAZIL FOR FOREST MACHINERY COMPANIES: CASE KESLA
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
European energy to 2020 : executive summary
Putin's energy agenda : the contradictions of Russia's resource wealth
Handbook of bioenergy : bioenergy supply chain - models and applications
World Energy Outlook 2006
Energy for the 21st century : a comprehensive guide to conventional and alternative sources
Europe's Black Sea dimension
The strategic implications of China's energy needs
Our energy future : resources, alternatives, and the environment
Empowering development : the new energy equation
This handbook brings together recent advances in the areas of supply chain optimization, supply chain management, and life-cycle cost analysis of bioenergy. These topics are important for the development and long-term sustainability of the bioenergy industry. The increasing interest in bioenergy has been motivated by its potential to become a key future energy source. The opportunities and challenges that this industry has been facing have been the motivation for a number of optimization-related works on bioenergy. Practitioners and academicians agree that the two major barriers of further investments in this industry are biomass supply uncertainty and costs. The goal of this handbook is to present several cutting-edge developments and tools to help the industry overcome these supply chain and economic challenges. Case studies highlighting the problems faced by investors in the US and Europe illustrate the impact of certain tools in making bioenergy an economically viable energy option.
Emerging threats to energy security and stability
An end to global warming
Atlas of the forest sector in Poland
Sustainable village in northern conditions : alternatives for sustainable energy production in rural areas
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Qualitative and quantitative efficiency of energy use : a model study on the energy ratio of Finnish economy 1970-90
Coal - bridge to the future : report of the World Coal Study
Energy, natural resources and environmental economics
Energy politics
Plundered nations? : successes and failures in natural resource extraction
Blue book on geothermal resources
Wood biomass production potential on agricultural lands in Northern Europe : achieving the goals of energy policy
Biofuels engineering process technology
The Russian economy is evidently largely based on the energy sector.This has raised concern in academic circles as to whether Russia is to some degree affected by the Dutch disease, i.e. whether a sharp rise of commodity prices results in an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which undermines the competitiveness of manufacturing and may lead to the deindustrialization of the economy.We focus on this possible final outcome, which has not been studied much in the literature so far: We compare Russian industrial import growth - based on EU-25 volume export figures to Russia - with domestic industrial production growth, disaggregated by branches, in the period from 2002 to 2006.In all manufacturing sectors except electrical, electronic and optical equipment and strongly protected foodstuffs, imports are found to be expanding faster than domestic output.In some sectors, imports have even exceeded domestic production.Import competition is therefore strong and rising.We conclude that Russia may be facing incipient deindustrialization at least in some parts of the manufacturing sector.This could indicate that the Russian economy has contracted the Dutch disease, although it should be noted that other factors could also have driven sectoral changes.While it is beyond the scope of our study to examine whether the other chain links of the Dutch disease hold as well, it does provide evidence of some movements in the direction of deindustrialization, which is in line with the Dutch disease theory. Keywords: Dutch disease, Russia, EU25, import competition, deindustrialization, foreign trade .
Energy resources : our impact on the planet
Global energy policy and security
Barents Sea energy resources & regional cooperation : new challenges and opportunities
The Russian gas industry
Towards sustainability of biomass importation : an assessment of the EU renewable energy directive
The new wider world
Edison to Enron : energy markets and political strategies
The third industrial revolution : how lateral power is transforming energy, the economy, and the world
Revisiting the energy-development link : evidence from the 20th century for knowledge-based and developing economies
