http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6 popular culture
popular culture
Harry Potter and philosophy : if Aristotle ran Hogwarts
Interrogating postfeminism : gender and the politics of popular culture
Air guitar : essays on art & democracy
Finnish fandom of Japanese popular culture : what are the Finns doing for anime, manga, and J-rock?
A Japanese mirror : heroes and villains of Japanese culture
Gender and popular culture
October : the second decade, 1986-1996
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Mass culture : the popular arts in America
Permitted and prohibited desires : mothers, comics, and censorship in Japan
Between the sheets, in the streets : queer, lesbian, gay documentary
Real life rock : the complete top ten columns, 1986-2014
Of thee I zing : America's cultural decline from muffin tops to body shots
Game of thrones and philosophy : logic cuts deeper than swords
Dracula and the Gothic in literature, pop culture and the arts
Music, fashion and style
Facing the music
Sex, bombs and burgers : how war, porn and fast food created technology as we know it
On the buses : the complete story
Cinema, literature & society : elite and mass culture in interwar Britain
Tabloid magazines, television shows, and Internet sites inundate us with daily updates about movie stars, musicians, athletes, and even those who have achieved celebrity status simply for being rich and extravagant. Disturbingly, it appears that the harder our celebrities fall, the more fascinating they are to us. As popular culture becomes more influential, it is important to understand both the positive and negative aspects of celebrity. This volume traces the development of the concept of celebrity, discusses some of the problems facing both celebrities and their followers, and points to future trends and developments in our cultural understanding of celebrity. The author's treatment is unflinchingly honest, revealing the importance of the public's role in celebrities' lives and establishing firm criteria for determining who is a celebrity - and who is not.
This is an engaging but dated-in-its-case-study-texts engagement with Laura Mulvey's key essay exploring the male gaze in film - a central text of feminist film studies. In this case, however, the authors ask what happens when women become active gazers. Many of the ideas deserve revisiting at a time when popular cultural texts are increasingly marginalising women's power and agency, while admitting the legitimacy of liberal feminist politics.
Cultural politics in contemporary America
The use of irony in music is just beginning to be defined and critiqued, although it has been used, implied and decried by composers, performers, listeners and critics for centuries. Irony in popular music is especially worthy of study because it is pervasive, even fundamental to the music, the business of making music and the politics of messaging. Contributors to this collection address a variety of musical ironies found in the 'notes themselves,' in the text or subtext, and through performance, reception and criticism. The chapters explore the linkages between irony and the comic, the tragic, the remembered, the forgotten, the co-opted, and the resistant. From the nineteenth to twenty-first centuries, through America, Europe and Asia, this provocative range of ironies course through issues of race, religion, class, the political left and right, country, punk, hip hop, folk, rock, easy listening, opera and the technologies that make possible our pop music experience. This interdisciplinary volume creates new methodologies and applies existing theories of irony to musical works that have made a cultural or political impact through the use of this most multifaceted of devices.
21st century dodos : a collection of endangered objects (and other stuff)
This volume brings together fourteen articles that reappraise the productivity of Stoker's Dracula and the strong influence it still exerts on today's generations. The volume explores various multimodal and multimedia adaptations of the book, by critically examining its literary, cinematic, theatrical, televised and artistic versions. In so doing, it reassesses the origins, evolution, imagery, mythology, theory and criticism of Gothic fiction and of the Gothic (sub)culture. The volume is innovative in that it congregates various angles to the Gothic phenomenon, providing an overview of the interdisciplinary relationships between different cultural, artistic and creative reworkings of the Gothic in general and of Stoker's legacy in particular.
Abstract: Bottlenecks in Knitwear and Knitted Bottlenecks, Knitwear Pro-duction with 3D technology in Finland. The objective of this research was to look into integrated seamless knitwear production, also known as 3D. The latest developments in knitwear production like 3D were supposed to change the whole industry but nevertheless changes are happening slowly. As a tech-nique, it is unique in clothing production while the machine can knit a complete sweater in less than an hour. The integral knitting technique to make seamless knitwear has many advantages but also some obstacles and limitations and in this research, those will be looked at more carefully. This was carried out as an action research by co-operating with one local producer Kutomo Holopainen in Finland by investigating knitting samples and prototypes and testing the possibilities with 3D.  There is a very limited amount of garment production left in Europe and in Finland. New 3D production methods and printers are expected to bring industries and jobs back from the Far East and, therefore, the reasons for global sourcing and also future scenarios are discussed for textile and fashion industry for the EU by 2020.  The focus will be on the design of the products together with the 3D production. Good de-sign should not only help selling the products but in this case also saves time and money in production. The production is run by a technician and one of the challenges is to have good communication between the technician and the designer. Knitwear together with 3D production should give excellent opportunities in finding interesting solutions in both what comes to the look of the products and the manufacturing.
The secret history of Wonder Woman
Postmodernism and popular culture
The history of popular culture to 1815
Pop to popism : [with the exhibition "'Pop to Popism", Art Gallery of New South Wales, 1 November 2014 - 1 March 2015]
Girl heroes : the new force in popular culture
Life moves pretty fast : the lessons we learned from 80s movies (and why we don't learn them from movies anymore)
"The integration of popular culture into education is a pervasive theme at all educational levels and in all subject areas. Popular Culture, Pedagogy and Teacher Education explores how 'popular culture' and 'education' come together and interact in research and practice from an interdisciplinary perspective. The international case studies in this edited volume address issues related to: - how popular culture 'teaches' our students and what they learn from it outside the classroom - how popular culture connects education to students' lives - how teachers 'use' popular culture in educational settings - how far teachers should shape what students learn from engagement with popular culture in school - how teacher educators can help teachers integrate popular culture into their teaching Providing vivid accounts of students, teachers and teacher educators, and drawing out the pedagogical implications of their work, this book will appeal to teachers and teacher educators who are searching for practical answers to the questions that the integration of popular culture into education poses for their work"--
Daddy's girl : young girls and popular culture
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
Everything bad is good for you : how today's popular culture is actually making us smarter
Yesterday's tomorrows : past visions of the American future
Male myths and icons : masculinity in popular culture
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
Apocalypse postponed
That's funny, you don't look like a teacher! : interrogating images and indentity in popular culture
Deborah Kass : before and happily ever after
Consumer culture : selected essays
Inside Charlie's chocolate factory : the complete story of Willy Wonka, the golden ticket and Roald Dahl's most famous creation
This is the sound of irony : music, politics and popular culture
1965 : the year modern Britain was born
Social networks : promoting Mexican popular cultures and building a participatory culture
Japanese popular culture and contents tourism
Culture club : modern art, rock and roll, and other things your parents warned you about
Creativity in amateur multimedia : popular culture, critical theory, and HCI
Sport, popular culture and indentity
Amusing the million : Coney Island at the turn of the century
Now in a fully revised and updated edition, this concise and insightful book explores the ways American popular products such as movies, music, television programs, fast food, sports, and even clothing styles have molded and continue to influence modern globalization. Lane Crothers offers a thoughtful examination of both the appeal of American products worldwide and the fear and rejection they induce in many people and nations around the world. The author defines what we mean by "popular culture," how popular culture is distinguished from the generic concept of "culture," and what constitutes "American" popular culture. Tracing how U.S. movies, music, and TV became dominant in world popular culture, Crothers also considers the ways in which non-visual products like fast-food franchises, sports, and fashion have become ubiquitous. He also presents a fascinating set of case studies that highlight the varied roles American products play in a range of different nations and communities. Concluding with a projection of the future impact of American popular culture, this book makes a powerful argument for its central role in shaping global politics and economic development.
Movies and mass culture
Reading the popular
Handbook of American popular culture. Vol. 1
High theory/low culture : analysing popular television and film
The Hunger Games and philosophy : a critique of pure treason
Dreams for sale : popular culture in the 20th century
Culture of complaint : the fraying of America
Becoming feminine : the politics of popular culture
Redeeming modernity : contradictions in media criticism
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
Reading Rocky Horror : the Rocky Horror picture show and popular culture
Struggling and clowning in Wall Street : identity, parody and critique through Olive Stone’s films (1987, 2010)
The birth of Korean cool : how one nation is conquering the world through pop culture
Eighties : one day, one decade
The Rhino Records story : the revenge of the music nerds
Popular music and Manchester : representation, materiality and branding
Jane & Michael Stern's encyclopedia of pop culture : An A to Z guide of who's who and what's what, from
Film at the intersection of high and mass culture
The media in Britain : current debates and developments
Uncontrollable bodies : testimonies of identity and culture
The proper care and feeding of zombies : a completely scientific guide to the lives of the undead
The nineties : when surface was depth
Star trek vault : 40 years from the archives
Where on earth is New York? Pedagogical lessons from finnish geography students' knowledge of the United States
Bad feminist : essays
"This text involves students in understanding and using the tools of critical social and literary theory from the first day of class. It is an ideal first introduction before students encounter more difficult readings from critical and postmodern perspectives. Nealon and Giroux describe key concepts and illuminate each with an engaging inquiry that asks students to consider deeper and deeper questions. Written in students' own idiom, and drawing its examples from the social world, literature, popular culture, and advertising, The Theory Toolbox offers students the language and opportunity to theorize. Updated throughout, the second edition of The Theory Toolbox includes a discussion of new media, as well as two new chapters on life and nature"--
Steaming into a Victorian future : a steampunk anthology
1963, the year of the revolution : how youth changed the world with music, art and fashion
UTILIZING FANDOMS AS A SEMI-CONTROLLED WORD OF MOUTH COMMUNICATION CHANNEL IN POPULAR CULTURE
Pop life : a journey by sofa
On history : Tariq Ali and Oliver Stone in conversation
Popular snapshots and tracks to the past : Cape Town, Nairobi, Lubumbashi
Handbook of American popular culture
Digital futures for cultural and media studies
Popular culture theory and methodology : a basic introduction
Blockbusters : why big hits - and big risks - are the future of the entertainment business
The history of popular culture since 1815
Sustaining the Hallyu : International Social Media Promotion and Buzz for South Korean Movies and Series
True blood and philosophy : we wanna think bad things with you
The emergence of rock'n roll : music and the rise of American youth culture
Everyday icon : Michelle Obama and the power of style
Hip hop genius : remixing high school education
Mass media, mass culture : an introduction
Trains : a miscellany
Ranters & crowd pleasers : punk in pop music 1977-92
Lost narratives : popular fictions, politics and recent history
The myth of mass culture
Fast food, stock cars, and rock 'n' roll : place and space in american pop culture
In the driver's seat : the automobile in American literature and popular culture
Hardcore California : a history of punk and new wave
Unleashing science popularisation : studies on science as popular culture
Star Wars vs. Star Trek : Could the Empire kick the Federation's ass? and other galaxy-shaking enigmas
"A Geek in Thailand is a lighthearted look at Thailand from a young foreign visitor and resident's perspective. This alternative guide to Thailand offers a smart and concise take on Thai culture, entertainment, daily life--covering all the classics--but also revealing the path less traveled. In short articles accompanied by sidebars and numerous, colorful photographs, it paints a revealing picture of Asia's most popular travel destination. A Geek in Thailand is for the holidaymakers who visit for two weeks every year and have a desire to learn about the culture, but are struggling to know where to begin. Sections on the food, drink, social scene, music, film and everyday Thai life are sure to appeal to them. It is also for those who wish to move to Thailand on a more permanent basis as it contains helpful information regarding purchasing property, setting up a company and applying for visas and work permits. Chapters on the Thai character and cultural dos and don'ts and faux pas will allow the reader to go beyond the Thai smile. Sections on politics, history, economy and the unique relationship between the Thai Nation, Religion and Monarchy will also be of interest to those who wish to delve into a deeper understanding of Thailand." / Library of Congress.
The female gaze : women as viewers of popular culture
American heroes in a media age
In Hip Hop Genius, Sam Seidel introduces an iteration of hip-hop education that goes far beyond the usual approach of studying rap music as classroom content and looks instead at deeply honoring the knowledge of urban students.
Twilight and history
Beyond blackface : African Americans and the creation of American popular culture 1890-1930
X-rated! : the power of mythic symbolism in popular culture
Reading films through political classics : genres of politics in popular cultures
X saves the the world : how generation x got the shaft but can still keep everything from sucking
Summary.
The funk era and beyond : new perspectives on black popular culture
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
The whole pop catalog : the Berkeley pop culture project
Gender in popular culture : images of men and women in literature, visual media, and material culture
Media, gender and identity : an introduction
The Moé manifesto : an insider's look at the worlds of manga, anime, and gaming
This book documents and celebrates the Nordic tradition of live action role-playing games, a powerful and unique form of expression that has emerged and developed during the last fifteen years.
Mass culture as modernity : European perceptions, 1900-1980
Rock & pop : collectors guides
The unembarrassed muse : the popular arts in America
American popular television in Finland and its influence on the representation of America in English language textbooks for the Finnish lower secondary school
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
The queen of camp : Mae West, sex and popular culture
Popular culture and high culture; an analysis and evaluation of taste
Media, culture and society : an introduction
It's amazing! : Superheroes
The history of popular culture
The theory toolbox : critical concepts for the humanities, arts, and social sciences
Artificial mythologies : a guide to cultural invention
Globalization and American popular culture
Dance, media-entertainment and popular performance in South East Africa
Rethinking popular culture : contemporary perspectives in cultural studies
Very Thai : everyday popular culture
A geek in Thailand : discovering the land of golden buddhas, Pad Thai and kickboxing
Seven pillars of popular culture
Emergence of the Korean popular culture in the world
Teaching toward the 24th century : Star Trek as social curriculum
Truth, justice, and the American way? : the popular geopolitics of American identity in contemporary superhero comics
Star Trek and philosophy : the wrath of Kant
Days in the life : voices from the English Underground 1961-1971
Drama power on the rise? : US soft power may increase as a function of Washington dysfunction
Handbook of research on new literacies
Gothic beauty magazine : Espoo
Sexplosion : from Andy Warhol to A clockwork orange - how a generation of pop rebels broke all the taboos
Come on down? : popular media culture in post-war Britain
Contemporary Japan and popular culture
The accidental feminist : how Elizabeth Taylor raised our consciousness and we were too distracted by her beauty to notice
Ghosts of my life : writings on depression, hauntology and lost futures
"Never fall into silence" : rock artists' politically persuasive messages
Ready player one
Signs of life in the U.S.A. : readings on popular culture for writers
On the consumption of industrially produced culture in Finland : an empirical overview with some theoretical considerations on the concept of "mass culture"
Dinomania : the lost art of Winsor McCay, the secret origins of King Kong, and the urge to destroy New York
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
What a man's gotta do : the masculine myth in popular culture
Counterknowledge : how we surrender to conspiracy theories, quack medicine, bogus science and fake history
Popular culture, pedagogy and teacher education : international perspectives
Men to boys : the making of modern immaturity
Afrofuturism : the world of black sci-fi and fantasy culture
Put the needle on the record and think of England : Notions of Englishness in the post-war debate on British pop music
Oh Myyy! : there goes the internet
The astonished muse
The bosom serpent : folklore and popular art
The sex myth : why everything we're told is wrong
Understanding popular music
Media, monarchy and power
Abstract: Readin films through political classics.
Cool hunting
Bottlenecks in Knitwear and Knitted Bottlenecks : Knitwear Production with 3D Technology in Finland
Dressing in feathers : the construction of the Indian in American popular culture
Instaworld! : full of cute pics, facts and fun!
Popular culture in early modern Europe
Common culture and the great tradition : the case for renewal
Building Bridges - How secondary school pupils bring their informal learning experiences into a Content and Language Integrated (CLIL) classroom
Batman collected
Celebrity in the 21st century : a reference handbook
Reading by numbers : contemporary publishing and popular fiction
Champagne supernovas : Kate Moss, Marc Jacobs, Alexander McQueen, and the '90s renegades who remade fashion
