http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6009 American Indian languages
American Indian languages
Guaymí grammar and dictionary : with some ethnological notes
Native languages of the Americas. 2
The great Tzotzil dictionary of San Lorenzo Zinacantán
Handbook of Amazonian languages. Vol. 3
Choctaw verb agreement and universal grammar
Studies in American Indian, oriental, and related general linguistics : kleine Schriften. Band/Volume 3
The Navajo language : a grammar and colloquial dictionary
Linguistic material from the tribes of southern Texas and northeastern Mexico
Introduction to Quechua : language of the Andes
Kiliwa dictionary
Introduction to the Handbook of American Indian languages
Wari' : the Pacaas Novos language of western Brazil
Études typologiques sur les langues indigènes de l'Amérique = Typological studies on the American Indian langues
Ergativity in coast Tsimshian (Sm'algyāx)
Sounds like life : sound-symbolic grammar, performance, and cognition in Pastaza Quechua
The invention of basic colour terms = De uitvinding van basiskleutermen
Relativization and nominalized clauses in Huallaga (Huanuco) Quechua
Of cabbages and kings : tales from Zinacantán
Grammar of the Choctaw language
Topology and dynamics of interactions : with special reference to Spanish and Mapudungu
A dictionary of the Biloxi and Ofo languages : accompanied with thirty-one Biloxi texts and numerous Biloxi phrases
The Mesoamerican Indian languages
Agreement and anti-agreement : a syntax of Luiseño
A dictionary of the Choctaw language
The collected works of Edward Sapir. 7, Wishra texts and ethnography
Indian linguistic groups of Mexico
A dictionary of the Hualapai language
The collected works of Edward Sapir. 5, American Indian languages, 1
Writing Quechua : the case for a Hispanic orthography
Comparative Arawakan histories : rethinking language family and culture area in Amazonia
A practical grammar of the San Carlos Apache language
Indian talk : hand signals of the American Indians
Teaching an Algonkian language as a second language
A grammar of Tariana, from northwest Amazonia
American Indian and Indoeuropean studies : papers in honor of Madison S. Beeler
A history of Palaihnihan phonology
An historical and ethnological survey of the Cuna Indians
The Jarawara language of southern Amazonia
Karxúk : native accounts of the Quechan mourning ceremony
Analytical lexicon of Navajo
American Indian languages : the historical linguistics of Native America
A language of our own : the genesis of Michif, the mixed Cree-French language of the Canadian Métis
A Sarcee grammar
The structure of Jacaltec
Old Eurasian and Amerindian onomastics
Handbook of Amazonian languages. Vol. 1
A key into the language of America : 1643
Picture-writings and other documents. Pt. 1
An Ofo phonetic law
Kwakiutl texts : second series
Salish languages and linguistics : theoretical and descriptive perspectives
Studies in American Indian languages : description and theory
The collected works of Edward Sapir. 8, Takelma texts and grammar
Deductions suggested by the geographical distribution of some post-Columbian words used by the Indians of S. America
Analysis of a Cayaga particle : ne:' as a focus marker
Verbal art in San Blas : Kuna culture through its discourse
Studies in Uto-Aztecan grammar. Vol. 4, Southern Uto-Aztecan grammatical sketches
Handbook of South American Indians. Vol. 6, Physical anthropology, linguistics and cultural geography of South American Indians
General and Amerindian Ethnoliguistics : in remembrance of Stanley Newman
Spoken Yucatec Maya. Book 1, Lessons 1-12
Plains Cree morphosyntax
Comparative ethnographical studies. 7, Picture-writings and other documents
Indian languages of Mexico and Central America : and their geographical distribution : accompanied with a linguistic map
Hualapai reference grammar
Fighting language endangerment : community directed research on Sm'algyax (Coast Tsimshian)
A grammar of Jamul Tiipay
Language, culture, and mind : natural constructions and social kinds
Native languages of the Americas. 1
Omaha and Ponka letters
Handbook of American Indian languages
A morphological description of Sliammon, Mainland Comox Salish : with a sketch of syntax
Spoken Yucatec Maya. Book 3, Lessons 19-24
Outline of Cuna grammar
The Mazatec language
Panoan languages and linguistics
A grammar of Chalcatongo Mixtec
The mayan problem in the light of heuristics : (a research report)
Caroline Little's Nuu-chah-nulth (Ahousaht) texts with grammatical analysis
Dictionary of Puget Salish
Northern Sierra Miwok dictionary
The languages of the 'first nations' : comparison of native American languages from ethnolinguistic perspective
The twins stories : participant coding in Yagua narrative
Encyclopedia of native tribes of North America
Indian tribes of the Argentine and Bolivian Chaco : ethnological studies
Reading the Maya glyphs
Notebook of a Cherokee shaman
Topics in Nevome syntax
The Chinantec : report on the central and south-eastern Chinantec region
Language of the Sierra Miwok
Kawaiisu : a grammar and dictionary with texts
Sonant-surds in Ponca-Omaha
Lexical and morphological contacts between Siouan and Algonquian
Nahuatl as written : lessons in older written Nahuatl, with copious examples and texts
Based on fieldwork carried out in a Mayan village in Guatemala, this book examines local understandings of mind through the lens of language and culture. It focuses on a variety of grammatical structures and discursive practices through which mental states are encoded and social relations are expressed: inalienable possessions, such as body parts and kinship terms; interjections, such as 'ouch' and 'yuck'; complement-taking predicates, such as 'believe' and 'desire'; and grammatical categories such as mood, status and evidentiality. And, more generally, it develops a theoretical framework through which both community-specific and human-general features of mind may be contrasted and compared. It will be of interest to researchers and students working within the disciplines of anthropology, linguistics, psychology, and philosophy.
Indian signals and sign language
Minor languages : approaches, definitions, controversies : papers from the conference on 'Minor Languages : Coming to grips with a suitable definition', Bremen, June 2001
Kuna ways of speaking : an ethnographic perspective
Haida texts and myths, Skidegate dialect
Language in the Americas
The linguistics of southeast Chiapas, Mexico
The Art of Nahuatl speech : the Bancroft Dialogues
The Navajo progressive in discourse : a study in temporal semantics
Maricopa morphology and syntax
American Indian languages and American linguistics : papers of the second golden anniversary symposium of the Linguistic Society of America, held at the University of California, Berkeley, on November 8 and 9, 1974
Nahuas and Spaniards : postconquest central Mexican history and philology
Spoken Yucatec Maya. Book 2, Lessons 13-18
A grammar of Mosetén
Linguistic borrowing in bilingual contexts
Local knowledge, global stage
Grammatical categories and cognition : a case of the linguistic relativity hypothesis
George Louie's Nuu-chah-nulth (Ahousaht) texts with grammatical analysis
Vocabulary of the Kiowa language
Klallam dictionary
Modern Chitimacha (Sitimaxa) : Cultural Department, Chitimacha Tribe of Louisiana
A grammar of upriver Halkomelem
Seneca morphology and dictionary
A dictionary of the Osage language
A bibliography of the Athapaskan languages
Mixed categories : nominalizations in Quechua
Mochica
A grammar of Chiapas Zoque
Jaqaru : outline of phonological and morphological structure
The languages of the Andes
People of Peru
A computer-generated dictionary of proto-Algonquian
The Caddoan, Iroquoian and Siouan languages
A structural and lexical comparison of the Tunica, Chitimacha, and Atakapa languages
A dictionary of the Atakapa language : accompanied by text material
Kwakiutl grammar, with glossary of the suffixes
"And he knew our language" : missionary linguistics on the Pacific northwest coast
Chemehuevi : a grammar and lexicon
Knowledge of Panoan languages and linguistics has increased significantly over the last several decades. The present paper draws upon this new information to produce a current internal classification of all the extant and extinct languages in the Panoan family based on lexical, phonological, and grammatical comparisons. This classification pays special attention to distinguishing dialects from independent languages and to mismatches that exist between linguistically defined languages and socially defined ethnic groups. An evaluation of previously proposed genetic relations to other language families is followed by a discussion of lexical borrowing and possible areal diffusion of grammatical features from and into neighboring non-Panoan languages and Kechua. The history of Panoan linguistics is chronicled from the first Jesuit and Franciscan vocabularies to the most recent contributions, and priorities for future research are suggested. A typological overview of Panoan phonology, morphology, and syntax is provided along with descriptions of some of the extraordinary linguistic features found in the family. Name taboos, postmortem word taboos, in-law avoidance languages, trade languages, ceremonial languages, and other ethnolinguistic phenomena found in the Panoan family are also discussed.
Central Hill Nisenan texts with grammatical sketch
Comparative ethnographical studies. 5, Deductions suggested by the geographical distribution of some post-Columbian words used by the Indians of S. America
Picture-writings and other documents. Pt. 2
La lengua de la cristianización en Latinoamérica : catequización e instrucción en lenguas amerindias = The language of christianisation in Latin America : catechisation and instruction in Amerindian languages
Archaeology and language in the Andes : a cross-disciplinary exploration of prehistory
