http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6002 palatoschisis
palatoschisis cleft palate
Cleft-twin sets in Finland 1948-1987
Crossmodal temporal processing acuity in children with oral clefts
Advances in the management of cleft palate
Dental and otologic problems in cleft lip and palate patients from Northern Finland : cleft associated problems
Speech disorders : principles and practices of therapy
The handbook of language and speech disorders
Event-related potential (ERP) indices of central auditory development in healthy children and in children with oral clefts
Cleft palate speech
Childhood communication disorders : organic bases
Essentials of communication sciences & disorders
Communication and its disorders : a science in progress : proceedings 24th Congress International Association of Logopedics and Phoniatrics, Amsterdam, August 23-27, 1998, The Netherlands. Volume 2
Epämuodostumat 1993–2011 = Missbildningar 1993–2011 = Congenital anomalies 1993–2011
Cleft lip and palate : surgical, dental, and speech aspects
Abstract in english.
Video atlas of cleft lip and palate surgery
Children born with a cleft lip and or palate face numerous difficulties during the course of their lives. Their families must respond to the challenge of a high level of burden of care required by these patients. The studies listed in this thesis benchmark the characteristics of cleft lip and palate in a cohort of patients living in Northern Finland. These studies strived to consider epidemiologic aspects, speech results, palatal fistula rates and hearing outcome.Records of a total of 214 patients treated between 1998-2011 at the Oulu Cleft Lip and Palate Center were assessed on a retrospective basis. Cleft palate (68.7%) was most frequent followed by cleft lip and palate (18.7%) and cleft lip with or without alveolus (12.6%). Cleft palate occurred more frequently in females (63%) and cleft lip and palate was more frequent in males (62.5%) most commonly affecting the left side (82%).The overall frequency of speech operations following primary palatoplasty was 21%. This was significantly higher for girls (27%) than for boys (13%). Patients with cleft lip and palate were more likely to require speech improvement surgery (24%) than patients with isolated soft or soft and hard palate clefts (20%).The overall frequency of postoperative fistulas following primary palatoplasty was (9.6%). Patients with cleft lip and palate were more likely to develop postoperative palatal fistulas (20%) than patients with cleft palate (6.6%).The severity of the cleft, the surgical technique used to repair the palate, hearing outcome, and the need for ventilation tube placement were determined retrospectively. At least mild hearing loss was found in 3.3% of cleft patients. Neither the surgical technique used to repair the cleft palate nor the severity of the cleft were found to be significant factors related to hearing loss or to the number of ventilation tubes required. Hearing improved sig nificantly with increasing age over a span of 6 years.
Disease of the nasal passages
Twins with cleft lip and/or palate in Finland and their dentofacial morphology : etiological aspects
Associations between dental occlusion and misarticulations of Finnish dental consonants in cleft lip/palate children
Factors affecting speech in patients with isolated cleft palate : a methodic, clinical and instrumental study
Cleft palate and craniofacial anomalies : the effects on speech and resonance
Effect of method of cleft palate repair on the quality of speech at the age of 6 years
Quality of speech correlated to craniofacial characteristics of cleft palate patients with the Pierre Robin sequence
Communicative disorders related to cleft lip and palate : edited by Kenneth R. Bzoch
Cleft palat
Practical intervention for cleft palate speech
Aspects of cleft lip and palate from Northern Finland : clefts in Northern Finland
The first neurophysiological evidence for cognitive brain dysfunctions in children with CATCH
Self-concept and school achievement of pupils with cleft lip, cleft palate or both : a longitudinal study
One-stage repair of isolated cleft palate : long term comparison of two surgical methods by operative results and craniofacial morphology
Taurodontism in twins with cleft lip and/or palate
The need for orthognathic surgery in patients born with complete cleft palate or complete unilateral cleft lip and palate
Occurrence of the Carabelli trait in twins discordant or concordant for cleft lip and/or palate
Comparison of dentofacial and general growth in Pierre Robin sequence and isolated cleft palate
Cleft palate : the nature and remediation of communication problems
Craniofacial shape and dimensions as indicators of orofacial clefting and palatal form : a study on cleft lip and palate and Turner syndrome families
Psychosocial aspects of cleft lip and palate : implications for parental education
Cleft palate and speech
Palatal morphology and oral-nasal function in cleft palate patients
The association between dental arch dimensions and occurrence of finnish dental consonant misarticulations in cleft lip/palate children
Craniofacial morphology in twins with cleft lip and palate
Summary.
Occurrence of dental consonant misarticulations in different cleft types
Human communication disorders : an introduction
Cleft palate speech management : a multidisciplinary approach
Children's speech sound disorders
Aspects of cleft lip and palate from Northern Finland:clefts in Northern Finland
Molecular genetics of non-syndromic cleft palate and van der Woude syndrome
Changes in Finnish dental consonant articulation in cleft lip/palate children between 6 and 8 years of age
Self-concept and school achievement of pupils with cleft lip, cleft palate or both : a longitudinal and cross-lagged study
Cleft lip and palate in adolescence : identifying variables relating to psychosocial concerns
Management of cleft lip and palate
Genetic defects of collagen XI : the role of a minor cartilage collagen in chondrodysplasias, oral cleft defects and osteoarthrosis
Clinical linguistics
Craniofacial morphology in young adults with Pierre Robin sequence and isolated cleft palate
Associations between dental consonant articulation, orofacial morphology and function in cleft lip/palate
Dental development in 0-3 year-old children with cleft lip and palate
Microtia
Inheritance of harelip and cleft palate : contribution to the elucidation of the etiology of the congenital clefts of the face
Therapy techniques for cleft palate speech and related disorders
Dental and otologic problems in cleft lip and palate patients from Northern Finland:cleft associated problems
Etiological aspects on craniofacial morphology in twins with cleft lip and palate
Patients with orofacial clefts must overcome problems associated with their deformity including multiple surgeries, facial scarring, speech difficulties, dental problems and hearing loss. This study considered dental and hearing problems faced by cleft lip and palate patients in Northern Finland. The research aimed to determine prevalence of dental anomalies in cleft children, assess restorative treatment need and examine dental treatment necessary under general anesthesia. Other aims were to identify middle ear problems, need for ventilation tubes (VTs) among cleft children and examine the relationship between cleft severity, palatoplasty technique and hearing outcomes in cleft children aged between 3 and 9-years.The material comprised 214 cleft patients treated at Oulu University Hospital. In the dental study 26.6% had at least one dental anomaly while 17.9% had 2 or 3, most commonly missing or supernumerary teeth. In the general anesthesia study 11.5% had a syndrome and 52.4% of those with a syndrome aged 6-years-old needed restorative treatment. General anesthesia was required for dental treatment in 17.5% of cleft patients, mostly in those with a syndrome. In the middle ear study 79% had secretions in the middle ear during the study period. On average 3 VTs were placed in each patient. The prevalence of tympanic perforation was 35.9% and cholesteatoma occurred in 3.3%. In the hearing study pure tone average did not significantly differ between right and left ears and was unrelated to cleft severity or palatoplasty technique. Based on the dental study the severity of clefting increased with the prevalence of dental anomalies. The general anesthesia study found that need for restorations increased with cleft severity. The presence of a syndrome increased the need for dental treatment under general anesthesia. The middle ear study found that patients with cleft lipand palate and isolated cleft palate had more extensive clefts affecting Eustachian tube function with more frequent middle ear problems requiring more VTs than isolated cleft lip patients. Continuous presence of VTs increased the prevalence of tympanic perforation and cholesteatoma. The hearing study concluded that most of the 3 to 9 year-old cleft patients had normal hearing thresholds unaffected by cleft severity or palatoplasty technique.
Sizes of dental arches in young adult patients with Pierre Robin sequence and isolated cleft palate
The occurrence of articulatory problems of /r/, /s/ and /l/ sounds as well as their relations to oral and pharyngeal morphology were studied in subjects with different cleft types. Altogether 44% of 6-year-old cleft children had studied misarticulations and the number of errors increased with the severity of the cleft. Boys outnumbered girls in the occurrence of misarticulations of all the studied sounds. Problems with the /r/ sound predominated, and one-fourth needed treatment mostly because of severe /r/ distortions. The frequency of /l/ distortions was surprisingly high. By the age of 8 years four-fifths still misarticulated at least one of the studied sounds. There were no differences due to gender according to unchanged or changed articulation by the age of 8 years. Nearly one third of the /l/ and /s/ misarticulations but only one fifth of the /r/ errors were corrected. New misarticulations appeared similarly whether speech therapy was given or not. Shorter and especially narrower maxillary dental arches and shallower palates as well as posterior crossbites were related to misarticulations in all the studied sounds. Mandibular dental arch dimensions, anterior crossbite alone, large maxillary overjet, or deep bite were not related to the studied misarticulations. /R/ distortion was related to low laryngeal resistance, and anteriorly positioned hyoid bone but not to the smallest nasal cross-sectional area, nasal resistance or velopharyngeal orifice area or dentofacial morphology.
Associations between craniofacial morphology, dental consonant articulation and velopharyngeal function in cleft lip/palate
Velopharyngeal function in cleft patients undergoing maxillary advancement
