http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6006 problem solving
problem solving
Think like a freak : the authors of Freakonomics offer to retrain your brain
Intuition : evaluating the construct and its impact on creative thinking
Mathematics Learning through Arts and Collaborative Problem-Solving : The Princess and the Diamond-Problem
"Global Perspectives in Professional Reasoning is the first text of its kind to address the broader scope of occupational therapy practice and the different types of professional reasoning that can be employed; including strategic, political, non-linear and creative reasoning. This text encompasses a wide range of thinking skills and cognitive processes used by occupational therapists, from reflecting on practice to solving problems, and from clinical reasoning to strategic reasoning. Marilyn Cole and Jennifer Creek and their contributors, are therapists, educators, and scholars who have explored new areas of professional practice and written about the thought processes that reinforced their actions. The authors come from around the world, providing a global perspective while also demonstrating that occupational therapists within different cultures serve remarkably similar human needs: to be included in their communities, to have occupational choices, and to determine their own life course. Many of the contributors in Global Perspectives in Professional Reasoning have identified and analyzed their own thought processes as they tackle complex and challenging tasks, often in unfamiliar contexts. These challenging tasks have produced several entirely original conceptualizations of professional reasoning, such as developmental and spiritual reasoning. The contributors start by observing what is going on, try to make sense of the situation, and then work out what to do. Other contributors are fascinated by a theory, a policy or an approach, study it, and then look for ways to utilize it in practice. Most of the time, contributors focus their attention on the process of reasoning rather than on the specific types of reasoning they are employing, or on desired outcomes"--
Clinical reasoning in occupational therapy : controversies in practice
The McKinsey mind : understanding and implementing the problem-solving tools and management techniques of the world's top strategic consulting firm
Expertise and decision making among clinicians in investigations of alleged child sexual abuse
"Ensuring innovation and a creative approach to new challenges is crucial in leadership success. Being able to communicate and share your ideas takes no less skill. Decision Making and Problem Solving Strategies will help you to learn key techniques and models to confidently make the right decisions. Using checklists, exercises and case studies, Adair provides a clear framework to find solutions, generate ideas and inspire confidence in your team - so you can spot the solution in every problem, and create ideas to rival even the best strategists. With over one million copies sold, the hugely popular Creating Success series covers a wide variety of topic, with the latest editions including new chapters such as Tough Conversations and Treating People Right. This indispensable business skills collection is suited to a variety of roles, from someone looking to develop their time management skills for a society committee role, to someone with a business idea looking to build a strategic plan"--
Tools for thinking and problem solving
The back of the napkin : solving problems and selling ideas with pictures
Creative problem solving for managers : developing skills for decision making and innovation
The Oxford handbook of emotion, social cognition, and problem solving in adulthood
Critical thinking : tools for taking charge of your learning and your life
Basic principles and calculations in chemical engineerting / David M. Himmelblau, James B. Riggs
Disrupt you! : master personal transformation, seize opportunity, and thrive in the era of endless innovation
Solve that problem! : readymade tools for continuous improvement
Problem solving across the disciplines : preliminary edition
Keep your brain fit : 101 ways to tone your mind
"In today's volatile business landscape, adaptability and creativity are more crucial than ever. It is no longer possible-or even desirable-to learn one set of job skills and to work your way up the ladder. At the same time, entrepreneurs with great ideas for new products or technologies that could change the world often struggle to capture the attention of venture capital firms and incubators; finding the funding necessary to launch a start-up can feel impossible. The business leaders of our future must anticipate change to create their own opportunities for personal satisfaction and professional success. In Disrupt You!, Jay Samit, a digital media expert who has launched, grown, and sold start-ups and Fortune 500 companies alike, describes the unique method he has used to invent new markets and expand established businesses.  Samit has been at the helm of businesses in the ecommerce, digital video, social media, mobile communications, and software industries, helping to navigate them through turbulent economic times and guide them through necessary transformation so that they stay ahead of the curve. In Disrupt You!, he reveals how specific strategies that help companies flourish can be applied at an individual level to help anyone can achieve success and lasting prosperity-without needing to raise funds from outside investors.  Incorporating stories from his own experience and anecdotes from other innovators and disruptive businesses-including Richard Branson, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, YouTube, Circ du Soleil, Odor Eaters, Iams, Silly Putty, and many more-Samit shows how personal transformation can reap entrepreneurial and professional rewards. Disrupt You! offers clear and empowering advice for anyone looking to break through; for anyone with a big idea but with no idea how to apply it; and for anyone worried about being made irrelevant in an era of technological transformation. This engaging, perspective-shifting book demystifies the mechanics of disruption for individuals and businesses alike"
Entrepreneurs and leaders face big questions every day: What's the most important place to focus your effort, and how do you start? What will your idea look like in real life? How many meetings and discussions does it take before you can be sure you have the right solution? Now there's a surefire way to answer these important questions: the sprint. Designer Jake Knapp created the five-day process at Google, where sprints were used on everything from Google Search to Google X. He joined Braden Kowitz and John Zeratsky at Google Ventures, and together they have completed more than one hundred sprints with companies in mobile, e-commerce, healthcare, finance, and more. A practical guide to answering critical business questions, Sprint is a book for teams of any size, from small startups to Fortune 100s, from teachers to nonprofits. It's for anyone with a big opportunity, problem, or idea who needs to get answers today.
Process education : the new direction for elementary-secondary schools
Winnie the Pooh on problem solving
The art of analysis : logic and history of problem solving
Neopets puzzle adventure : Wii
Chess players' strategies for the direction of the mind
Students' self-report of motivational orientation and teacher evaluation on coping and motivational orientation related to elementary students’ mathematical problem solving and reading comprehension
Sideways arithmetic from Wayside school
Everything is obvious : how common sense fails
PISA 2012 results. Vol. 5, Creative problem solving : students' skills in tackling real-life problems
"According to USA Today, fifty percent of today's college students want to be an entrepreneur. And the jobless recovery of our recent recession and the realities of our always-changing world mean that everyone now needs to think like an innovator. Small startups are displacing hundred-year-old companies virtually overnight. The business landscape is more volatile--and full of possibility--than ever. A serial entrepreneur who has been at the forefront of global trends for over thirty years, Jay Samit spent his career studying the system successful disruptors employ to achieve greatness. In Disrupt Yourself, he distills that process into steps that can be practiced by anyone. Virgin, Apple, Microsoft, and eBay were all founded by disruptors who questioned their assumptions, designed their own life paths, found ideas that solved big problems, and then pivoted their energies to do it all over again. Samit shows how he made a career launching businesses, selling them, and then reinventing himself to do it again and in Disrupt Yourself, he shows how others can do it too. With the practical insight of Marshall Goldsmith and the no-holds-barred style of Tim Ferriss, digital innovator Jay Samit shows how all successful entrepreneurs and business leaders maximize opportunity, drive change, and achieve resilience. This groundbreaking book is an essential guide for those yearning for professional success in an unstable world"--
The complete thinker : a handbook of techniques for creative and critical problem solving
The counsellor's workbook : developing a personal approach
Professor Stewart's casebook of mathematical mysteries
Counselling fundamentals in the workplace
IQ testing : increase your vocabulary and develop your powers of calculation and logical reasoning
Thinking and reasoning
"Meditation changed my life" : A study of experiences of Finnish meditation practitioners in Tampere
Inside the box : a proven system of creativity for breakthrough results
Effective problem solving
Cognitive style and insight
Identifying inefficiencies in the supply chain : method for discovering waste
All I know about management I learned from my dog
Sprint : how to solve big problems and test new ideas in just five days
Developing mathematical skills : computation, problem solving and basics for algebra
Education about and through technology:in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
Systems thinking, system dynamics : managing change and complexity
Misleading strategies used in a non-standard division problem
Strategies for problem solving
Nimble : thinking creatively in the digital age
40 principles : TRIZ keys to technical innovation
Alex through the looking-glass : how numbers reflect life and life reflects numbers
Test Your Numerical Aptitude
Behavioral consultation in applied settings : an individual guide
Competent to counsel
Boundary spanning leadership : six practices for solving problems, driving innovation, and transforming organizations
Problem solving : learning and teaching : an annotated bibliography
I am right, you are wrong : from this to the new reneissance: from rock logic to water logic
Alex's adventures in numberland
One small step can change your life : the kaizen way
Basic counselling skills : a helper's manual
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback (even when it is off-base, unfair, poorly delivered, and frankly, you're not in the mood)
Techniques of structured problem solving
Creative problem solving : thinking skills for a changing world
Simple rules : how to thrive in a complex world
This book, based on the author's unique TRIZ basics remote learning technology , offers more than 250 examples, assignments and solutions, and an in-depth discussion of methodological recommendations on practical implementation of theoretical postulates.
The red book of mathematical problems
From zero to infinity (and beyond) : cool maths stuff you need to know
Penrose tiles to trapdoor ciphers : ...and the return of Dr. Matrix
The use of lateral thinking
How to think like Einstein : simple ways to break the rules and discover your hidden genius
Mathematical puzzle tales
Evaluations of an experiental gaming model
The Britannica guide to the brain : a guided tour of the brain - mind, memory and intelligence
Tinkerlab : a hands-on guide for little inventors
The formula : how algorithms solve all our problems ...and create more
Cognitive and psychometric analysis of analogical problem solving
8D structured problem solving : a guide to creating high quality 8D reports
A problem solving approach to mathematics for elementary school teachers
Introduction to computer simulation : a system dynamics modeling approach
Students' problem solving in the LEGO/Logo learning environment
Utilizing a self-generated visual art strategy to facilitate proportional problem solving in mathematics
Mathematical problem solving
Introduction to algorithms : a creative approach
Modern TRIZ : a practical course with EASyTRIZ technology : with 14 learning modules and more than 340 examples
The green book of mathematical problems
Problem solving and comprehension
How not to be wrong : the hidden maths of everyday life
Learning, problem-solving, and after-effects
What if? : serious scientific answers to absurd hypothetical questions
Techniques of problem solving
Algorithms to live by : the computer science of human decisions
The great mathematical problems : marvels and mysteries of mathematics
To mock a mockingbird : and other logic puzzles including an amazing adventure in combinatory logic
Problem solving and program design in C
Problem-solving therapy with socially anxious children
Mathematical problems : an anthology
The nature of insight
Varieties of practical reasoning
'Algorithms to Live By' looks at the simple, precise algorithms that computers use to solve the complex 'human' problems that we face, and discovers what they can tell us about the nature and origin of the mind. How can we do everything we hope to get done, either in a day or in a lifetime? How should we juggle the many roles we play at work and at home? Is there a better way to organise the space around us? What mix of novelty and familiarity are going to let us lead a rich and fulfilling life? These are problems applicable to every human being - we can pursue but an infinitesimal sliver of the possibilities available to us, and most of them imperfectly. In 'Algorithms to Live By', Brian Christian and Tom Griffiths identify the fundamental mathematical structure of these challenges and study them within the context of computer science. Their investigation sheds new light on how the mind works, and reveals what we can learn about ourselves from the shared problems faced by computers and humans alike.
The generalizability of critical thinking : multiple perspectives on an educational ideal
Helping students develop investigative, problem solving, and thinking skills in a cooperative setting : a handbook for teachers, administrators and curriculum workers
Ways of reading : advanced reading skills for students of English literature
Programming environments for high-level scientific problem solving : proceedings of the IFIP TC2/WG 2.5 Working Conference on Programming Environments for High-Level Scientific Problem Solving, Karlsruhe, Germany, 23-27 September, 1991
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
Problem-based and conventional medical education from a student perspective : a qualitative analysis comparing students' experience of medical education, approach to learning and reading comprehension
A toolbook for quality improvement and problem solving
Learning through cognitive and collaborative problem-solving processes in technological product development
Transformational and transactional leadership and problem solving in restaurant industry
Seeing what others don't : the remarkable ways we gain insights
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
The global quality management system : improvement through systems thinking
Understanding and mathematical problem solving
Is your neighbour a zombie? : mind-bending philosophical puzzles that will exercise your brain
Design-centered entrepreneurship
Ultimate IQ tests : 1,000 practice test questions to boost your brain power
Mr. Maxwell's mouse
Mechanics of materials
Problem solving in school mathematics
Group creativity : innovation through collaboration
Utilization of statistical methods for management in the forest industry
Adaptation of TRIZ method for problem solving in process engineeering
Explaining everyday problem solving
Why do buses come in threes? : the hidden mathematics of everyday life
Coaching : a problem solving approach
How to solve problems : elements of a theory of problems and problem solving
Train your brain to be a genius
Personality functioning and psychotherapy outcome
Problem solving and education : issues in teaching and research
Practical empathy : for collaboration and creativity in your work
Metacognition in group problem solving : a quest for socially shared metacognition
Psychology : the science of mind and behaviour
Conceptual blockbusting : a pleasurable guide to better problem solving
Problem solving : a statistician's guide
Cooperative procedures in learning
How to think like a programmer : problem solving for the bewildered
Counselling : the skills of finding solutions to problems
Thinking and problem solving
Lateral thinking : a textbook of creativity
Special needs : ADHD and communication difficulties
Global perspectives in professional reasoning
Collaborative learning, reasoning, and technology
Problem solving and learning disabilities : an information processing approach
"Written by an internationally renowned group of clinicians, educators and academics and with a central case study running throughout, the book covers the theory and practice of the following key topics: Working and Thinking in Different Contexts; Teaching as Reasoning; Ethical Reasoning; Diversity in Reasoning; Working and Thinking within 'Evidence Frameworks'; Experience as a Framework; The Client"--Provided by publisher.
How to solve just about any problem : timeless practices for solving problems better
Alfie gets in first
Train your brain : puzzle book : brain-scrambling challenges
The teaching and assessing of mathematical problem solving. Vol. 3
Decision making and problem solving
Supporting collaborative development : cognitive challenges and solutions of developing embedded systems
Online and face-to-face role-play simulations in promoting social work students  argumentative problem-solving
Problem solving : a cognitive approach : Hank Kahney
Professor Stewart's cabinet of mathematical curiosities
Case management : an introduction to concepts and skills
Puzzle-based learning : an introduction to critical thinking, mathematics, and problem solving
The art of problem solving : a resource for the mathematics teacher
Educational interventions
Excelling at combinational play
Guide for the beginning researcher
Dreamworking : how to use your dreams for creative problem-solving
Think! : before it's too late
The agenda in action
Successful decision making
General chemistry as a second language : mastering the fundamental skills
Over the last decade, the field of socio-emotional development and aging has rapidly expanded, with many new theories and empirical findings emerging. This trend is consistent with the broader movement in psychology to consider social, motivational, and emotional influences on cognition and behavior. The Oxford Handbook of Emotion, Social Cognition, and Problem Solving in Adulthood provides the first overview of a new field of adult development that has emerged out of conceptualizations and research at the intersections between socioemotional development, social cognition, emotion, coping, and everyday problem solving. This field roundly rejects a universal deficit model of aging, highlighting instead the dynamic nature of socio-emotional development and the differentiation of individual trajectories of development as a function of variation in contextual and experiential influences. It emphasizes the need for a cross-level examination (from biology and neuroscience to cognitive and social psychology) of the determinants of emotional and socio-emotional behavior. This volume also serves as a tribute to the late Fredda Blanchard-Fields, whose thinking and empirical research contributed extensively to a life-span developmental view of emotion, problem solving, and social cognition. Its chapters cover multiple aspects of adulthood and aging, presenting developmental perspectives on emotion; antecedents and consequences of emotion in context; everyday problem solving; social cognition; goals and goal-related behaviors; and wisdom. The landmark volume in this new field, The Oxford Handbook of Emotion, Social Cognition, and Problem Solving in Adulthood is an important resource for cognitive, developmental, and social psychologists, as well as researchers and graduate students in the field of aging, emotion studies, and social psychology.
Ultimate IQ tests : 1,000 practice test questions to boost your brainpower
"Why do people make decisions based on their own perspective without considering alternative points of view? Do differences of opinion enhance or obstruct critical thinking? Is it wise to seek out people who disagree with you and listen to their objections to your conclusions? Focusing on the theory, research, and application of constructive controversy, this book analyses the nature of disagreement among members of decision-making groups, project teams, academic study groups, and other groups that are involved in solving problems. Johnson demonstrates that this theory is one of the most effective methods of enhancing creativity and innovation, decision making, teaching, and political discourse. The book includes entertaining and intriguing examples of how constructive controversy has been used in a variety of historical periods to advance creativity, achieve innovations, and guide democracies. It will be welcomed by students in the fields of social psychology, management/business studies, education, and communication studies"--
Parallel thinking : from Socratic thinking to de Bono thinking
Disrupt yourself : master personal transformation, seize oppotunity and thrive in the era of endless innovation
Problem management : an implementation guide for the real world
Handbook of organizational and entrepreneurial ingenuity / edited by Benson Honig, Joseph Lambel, Israel Drori
Think like a freak : how to think smarter about almost everything
The concepts of problem and solution : demarcation of science from the point of view of problems and problem-stating
The art of problem solving in organic chemistry
The psychology problem solver
The Orange Box : Xbox 360
The effects of mood on creative problem solving
Metacognition in group problem solving—a quest for socially shared metacognition
The art and craft of problem solving
Navigating complexity : the essential guide to complexity theory in business and management
Wicked problems : problems worth solving ; a handbook & a call to action
Handbook of creativity
Problem solving for better health : a global perspective
"Line managers and leaders of all levels need to ensure that problems are solved in the optimal way and that the ideas and innovations for tomorrow's business flow freely. Decision Making and Problem Solving helps them master the processes of practical thinking which lie behind effective decision making, problem solving, and creative thinking. Using checklists, exercises, and case studies, it explains key concepts such as:principles of effective thinking, how to develop a framework for decision making, how to use a simple model for making decisions and solving problems, how to sharpen up creative thinking skills, and how to develop thinking skills in the future. The new edition has been updated to include summary points for each chapter"--
The strife of systems : an essay on the grounds and implications of philosophical diversity
The Secret Seven top secret detective notebook
Mathematical magic show
Handbook of problem solving : an analytical methodology
Human judgments and optimality
Thinking, fast and slow
Operational problem solving for the hotel and restaurant industry : the Pullman Method
No room for bullies : lesson plans for grades 9-12
Engineering problem-solving 101 : time-tested and timeless techniques
The puzzler's dilemma : from the Lighthouse of Alexandria to Monty Hall, a fresh look at classic conundrums of logic, mathematics, and life
Learning and teaching geometry, K-12
Self-consistency in human problem-solving : a theoretical note
Teaching and learning mathematical problem solving : multiple research properties
Birth of a theorem : a mathematical adventure
Problem solving in primary schools
Clinical reasoning in three different fields of physiotherapy : a qualitative case study
The technological fix : how people use technology to create and solve problems
Problem solving 101 : a simple book for smart people
""NO! NO! NO! NO!" yelled one artist to another as he viewed what the other had painted during the day. "You do not understand! This is not what we are trying to do!" "It is you who do not understand!" the other replied. "This is what we talked about this morning!" "This is exactly what we are trying to achieve!" Such heated discussions were common between two of the greatest painters of the early 20th Century. They had an intense creative collaboration filled with conflict. They dressed alike, in mechanics' clothes, and jokingly compared themselves to the Wright brothers (Orville and Wilbur). From about 1908 to 1912, they saw each other almost every day, talked constantly about the revolutionary new style they were developing, and painted as similarly as possible. Many of their respective works from those years were indistinguishable. In many cases, only art experts could or can distinguish between a painting by one or the other. They were deeply committed to their goal of creating a new style. Usually, they would meet for breakfast to discuss what they planned to paint during the d"--
Learning through problem solving
The Orange Box : PlayStation 3
Constructive controversy : theory, research, practice
Resilience : how to cope when everything around you keeps changing
