http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6004 abnormalities (organic objects)
abnormalities (organic objects)
Transplantation of normal boar testicular cells resulted in complete focal spermatogenesis in a boar affected by the immotile short-tail sperm defect
Venous malformation causative mutations affect TIE2 receptor trafficking, downstream signaling and vascular endothelial cell functions
Congenital malformations : evidence-based evaluation and management
Enforcing normalcy : disability, deafness, and the body
Frozen embryo transfer:early pregnancy, perinatal outcomes, and health of singleton children
Taurodontism in twins with cleft lip and/or palate
Fate of foetuses with abdominal wall defects
New [18F] tracers for Alzheimer's disease imaging : labeling synthesis and biological testing
Constitutional disorders and hereditary diseases in domestic animals
Structural studies on filamin domain interactions
Sex errors of the body and related syndromes : a guide to counseling children, adolescents and their families
Utrecht goitre : collection Utrecht University Museum / photography: Paul Kooiker ; text: Pam Emmerik, Patrick van der Hijden, Willem J. Mulder ; compilation: Frido Troost, Willem van Zoetendaal
Advances in genetics : incorporating molecular genetic medicine
Ultrastructural pathology of a new short tail sperm defect in Yorkshire boars
Phenotypic features of dentition in diastrophic dysplasia
Molecular genetics of Meckel syndrome
"This book will combine principles of assessing foot disorders and deformities and treatment with practical suggestions"--Provided by publisher.
Paternal and maternal factors in the etiology of congenital malformations : a study of 241 defect-bearing families
The parents' guide to clubfoot
Baxter's the foot and ankle in sport
Secondary posterior sagittal anorectoplasty for anorectal malformations : long-term follow-up extending beyond childhood
Microtia
The young elites
Environmental factors and congenital defects : an epidemiologic study
Biocompatible materials in the management of deformities of the growing skull : an experimental study
Endothelial receptor tyrosine kinases and growth factors in human brain tumours and vascular malformations
Drennan's the child's foot and ankle
Using a quick-reference, encyclopedic format, Anesthesia for Genetic, Metabolic, and Dysmorphic Syndromes of Childhood, 3rd Edition, presents the anesthetic implications of a plethora of distinct syndromes, with up-to-date information, complete and current bibliographies, and more than 140 clinical photographs. You willl find practical information on common and uncommon manifestations in the major anatomic areas, as well as what you need to know for safe and effective anesthesia of both children and adults.
Segmental colonic motility in patients with anorectal malformations
Handbook of Foot and Ankle Orthopedics
Pediatric foot deformities
Do children with repaired low anorectal malformations have normal bowel function?
Abstract in english.
The main goal of in vitro fertilization (IVF) and intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) treatment is a healthy mother and a healthy child. The most important complication following IVF/ICSI arises from the increased risk of multiple pregnancies. An elective single embryo transfer (eSET) with the freezing of spare embryos and subsequent treatment with frozen embryo transfer (FET) is the only way to avoid this complication. For this reason, the number of children born after FET is steadily rising.The aim of this study was to provide more detailed evidence on the safety of FET, particularly focusing on serum hormone profiles during the first trimester weeks of singleton pregnancies after IVF/ICSI fresh embryo transfer (ET), after FET during a natural menstrual cycle, and after spontaneous conception. Another part of this study compared the perinatal outcomes, congenital anomalies (CAs), and morbidity of singletons born after FET and IVF/ICSI fresh ET. The reference group was those born after spontaneously conceived (SC) pregnancies.In the clinical prospective study, the maternal serum estradiol and progesterone levels in pregnancies after fresh ET (n=39) were higher during early pregnancy weeks than in FET (n=30) and SC pregnancies (n=41), while the hormonal profiles after FET did not differ from SC pregnancies. In the large register study, FET children (n=1830) were found to have a reduced risk for adverse perinatal outcomes, such as preterm birth, a low birthweight, and being small for their gestational age compared with children born after fresh ET (n=2942). However, FET children have an increased risk for being large for their gestational age. The major CAs and morbidity until three years of age did not differ between groups. When compared with SC children (n =31 243), the perinatal outcome was worse and the rates of CAs and morbidity were higher in FET children.The FET cycle seemed to provide a better physiological environment for early fetal development than fresh ET. Further, FET protects against some of the adverse perinatal outcomes of children when compared with fresh ET, but not when it comes to the major CAs and early somatic health.This study provides further evidence of the safety of FET in comparison with fresh ET. This information should further encourage clinicians to implement eSET combined with cryopreservation in their IVF/ICSI program.
Eradication of a hereditary sperm defect by marker assisted genetic selection (MAS) in the pig
Cytogenetical and clinical observations in female gonadal dysgenesis
Congenital upper limb defect in Finland 1993-2005
Temporal and spatial turnover of freshwater diatoms : implications for bioassessment
Venous malformations (VMs) are localized defects in vascular morphogenesis which can seriously impede or even threaten the patient's life. VMs are characterized by enlarged, torturous vein-like channels lined by unevenly distributed smooth muscle cells. A large number of mutations in the endothelial TIE2 receptor tyrosine kinase have been found from more than half of the lesions screened, thus providing a common genetic cause. TIE2 has a crucial role in vascular development, remodeling and quiescence. However, the molecular and cellular abnormalities caused by TIE2-mutations in endothelial cells and how they relate to VM formation have been unknown.The aim of this study was to examine how VM-specific mutations affect the molecular characteristics of TIE2-receptor downstream signaling and cellular functions. Because no effective treatment has been available for VMs, a better understanding of the molecular basis of their pathology should enable the development of more potent and non-invasive treatments as well as provide a better understanding of vascular morphogenesis in general.The results demonstrate that the TIE2-VM forms have both common and specific effects on TIE2 and the endothelial cells (ECs) expressing them. Mutation-induced TIE2 autoactivation leading to loss of normal EC monolayer organization due to extracellular matrix (ECM) fibronectin deficiency was found to be a common change. This was shown to occur through chronic activation of the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway, which also caused activation of the proteolytic plasminogen system. Also, most mutations altered TIE2 trafficking and angiopoietin ligand regulated TIE2 functions, albeit through different mechanisms. Using RNA-screening we showed that the most common sporadic TIE2-VM mutation dysregulates genes affecting vascular development, cell migration and ECM remodeling. PDGFB, a major attractant of vascular mural cells, was found to be strongly attenuated due to chronic activation of Akt, which also increases EC survival, by the TIE2 mutant receptors.To conclude, the results in this thesis reveal genetic, molecular and cellular alterations which may potentiate VM formation. This data provides new information on the pathological mechanisms behind abnormal vascular morphogenesis and should assist the development of new molecular treatment strategies for VM patients.
Identification of the Meckel syndrome gene (MKS1) exposes a novel ciliopathy
Epämuodostumat 1993-2003 = Missbildningar 1993-2003 = Congenital anomalities 1993-2003
Hypospadias : factors associated with origin and successful treatment of this anomaly
Reproduction, size and structure of the Baltic ringed seal population of the Bothnian Bay
Smith's recognizable patterns of human malformation
Embodying the monster : encounters with the vulnerable self
Two genes for missing teeth
Anatomical deformities and their role in respiratory diseases
A practical guide to ultrasound of fetal anomalies
Molecular genetics of RECQL4 syndromes
Abstract: Maternal ultrasound and serum screening in the detection of structural and chromosomal abnormalities.
Principles and management of pediatric foot and ankle deformities and malformations
The effect of annual ring orientation and drying method on deformations, casehardening and colour of silver birch (Betula pendula) boards
The human gene for xanthine dehydrogenase (XDH) is localized on chromosome band 2p22
Fetal and neonatal pathology
Monstrous imagination
Medieval monstrosity and the female body
Is normal bowel function possible after repair of intermediate and high anorectal malformations?
Preliminary observations of a new hereditary infertility syndrome in Yorkshire boars
Smith's recognizable patterns of human deformation
Disability, deformity, and disease in the Grimms' fairy tales
50 foot challenges : assessment and management
Miller argues that one incarnation of monstrosity in the Middle Ages - the female body - exists in special relation to medieval conceptualizations of the monstrous. Because female corporeality is pervasive, proximate, and necessary, it illustrates the supreme allure and danger of the monster, thereby highlighting the powers and problems of teratology.
Tissue engineering in urological and gynaecological applications
Split hand/split foot malformation, deafness, and mental retardation with a complex cytogenetic rearrangement involving 7q21.3
Clinical and genetic heterogeneity in Meckel syndrome
Langman's medical embryology
Multinuclear-multiflagellar sperm defect in a bull : a new sterilizing sperm defect
Epämuodostumarekisteri vuosina 1986-1990= Register of congenital malformations in Finland in 1986-1990
Genetics of hereditary ovarian dysgenesis
Vitamins, folate and reproduction : a study in humans and animals
The Rose society : a Young elites novel
Guarding Hanna : a novel
Vertebral deformities in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) fry : a feeding experiment
Summary.
Frozen embryo transfer : early pregnancy, perinatal outcomes, and health of singleton children
"About one in every thousand babies born each year has clubfoot, a disorder that affects foot and calf muscles. Because treatment usually begins soon after birth and continues for several years, parents play a key role in the treatment of clubfoot and need to be able to communicate effectively with their child's doctor. The Parents' Guide to Clubfoot is the only book about clubfoot that is written for parents so they can learn everything they need to know about their child's condition. It is an all-in-one resource with medical information, advice from parents, comments from clubfoot experts, and even an illustrated story for preschoolers that parents can read aloud to their children. Written in everyday language, the book covers clubfoot in babies and older children from diagnosis through treatment for mild to severe cases. It provides details on clubfoot, its causes, treatment and care, along with an extensive list of resources and clubfoot assessment aids. In keeping with currently preferred treatments in the U.S., it emphasizes the Ponseti method, which minimizes surgery, and includes perspectives from Ponseti-trained clubfoot doctors and parents of children with clubfoot. However, separate chapters discuss all pre-treatment and post-treatment care options and one chapter covers surgery and post-surgery care if it becomes necessary"--
Vertebral deformities on rainbow trout fry probably caused by start feed
Associations between dental consonant articulation, orofacial morphology and function in cleft lip/palate
Maternal use of antiepileptic drugs and the risk of major congenital malformations : a joint European prospective study of human teratogenesis associated with maternal epilepsy
Choosing children : genes, disability, and design
Occupational risks of spontaneous abortion and congenital malformation
Hereditary "short tail" sperm syndrome disrupts late spermatogenesis in yorkshire boars
The occurrence of articulatory problems of /r/, /s/ and /l/ sounds as well as their relations to oral and pharyngeal morphology were studied in subjects with different cleft types. Altogether 44% of 6-year-old cleft children had studied misarticulations and the number of errors increased with the severity of the cleft. Boys outnumbered girls in the occurrence of misarticulations of all the studied sounds. Problems with the /r/ sound predominated, and one-fourth needed treatment mostly because of severe /r/ distortions. The frequency of /l/ distortions was surprisingly high. By the age of 8 years four-fifths still misarticulated at least one of the studied sounds. There were no differences due to gender according to unchanged or changed articulation by the age of 8 years. Nearly one third of the /l/ and /s/ misarticulations but only one fifth of the /r/ errors were corrected. New misarticulations appeared similarly whether speech therapy was given or not. Shorter and especially narrower maxillary dental arches and shallower palates as well as posterior crossbites were related to misarticulations in all the studied sounds. Mandibular dental arch dimensions, anterior crossbite alone, large maxillary overjet, or deep bite were not related to the studied misarticulations. /R/ distortion was related to low laryngeal resistance, and anteriorly positioned hyoid bone but not to the smallest nasal cross-sectional area, nasal resistance or velopharyngeal orifice area or dentofacial morphology.
Anesthesia for genetic, metabolic, and dysmorphic syndromes of childhood
Introduction to podopediatrics
Mapping of an immotile short tail sperm defect in the Finnish Yorkshire on porcine chromosome 16.
Intracranial dural arteriovenous fistulas : characteristics, treatment and long-term outcome
Two cases of perodactylus in the same litter of the wolverine (Gulo gulo L.)
Spondylolysis, spondylolisthesis, and degenerative spondylolisthesis
Molecular dissection of TIE2 and PIK3CA mutations in venous malformations and blue rubber bleb nevus syndrome
X chromosome detection in an XO mare using a human X paint probe, and PCR detection of SRY and amelogenin genes in 3 XY mares
Brain and spinal cavernomas : Helsinki experience
Fractured figure : [works from the Dakis Joannou Collection : Deste Foundation, 5 september 2007 - 31 july 2008] / [exhibition curatot: Jeffrey Deitch]
New applications of zoobenthos measurements for risk assessment of chemicals in aquatic ecosystems
A case of reduplication of the hind leg in the wood lemming Myopus schisticolor (Lillj.)
Aplasia and hypoplasia of the radius : studies on 64 cases and on epiphyseal transplantation in rabbits with the imitated defect
The breastfeeding atlas
Molecular genetics of non-syndromic cleft palate and van der Woude syndrome
Summary: Two cases of leg anomalies confined to the fore-legs in wolverine cubs are reported. The anomalies are described in detail, and the possible causes of these malformations are discussed. Genetic factors are considered to afford the most likely explanation.
Ultrasound of congenital fetal anomalies : differential diagnosis and prognostic indicators
Mütter Museum : historic medical photographs
Fetal anomalies : ultrasound diagnosis and postnatal management
Freaks : myths and images of the secret self
Freakery : cultural spectacles of the extraordinary body
Clinical dysmorphology
Congenital diaphragmatic hernia and eventration : surgical results and long-term outcome
Foot and ankle disorders : tricks of the trade
Social histories of disability and deformity
Before we are born : essentials of embryology and birth defects
Hereditary sterilizing short-tail sperm defect in Finnish Yorkshire boars
