http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6007 thinking
thinking thought
Hardwiring happiness : how to reshape your brain and your life
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
Argumentation course by electronic mail
Decisive : how to make better choices in life and work
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of mindfulness
"From the worldwide bestselling author of Eat Pray Love: the path to the vibrant, fulfilling life you've dreamed of.  Readers of all ages and walks of life have drawn inspiration and empowerment from Elizabeth Gilbert's books for years. Now this beloved author digs deep into her own generative process to share her wisdom and unique perspective about creativity. With profound empathy and radiant generosity, she offers potent insights into the mysterious nature of inspiration. She asks us to embrace our curiosity and let go of needless suffering. She shows us how to tackle what we most love, and how to face down what we most fear. She discusses the attitudes, approaches, and habits we need in order to live our most creative lives. Balancing between soulful spirituality and cheerful pragmatism, Gilbert encourages us to uncover the "strange jewels" that are hidden within each of us. Whether we are looking to write a book, make art, find new ways to address challenges in our work,  embark on a dream long deferred, or simply infuse our everyday lives with more mindfulness and passion, Big Magic cracks open a world of wonder and joy"-- Provided by publisher
Using Value Proposition Design and Lean Method to Reduce Risks of Starting a Business : Case: Cuban Art Gallery
Emerging non-religious worldview prototypes : a faith Q-sort-study on Finnish group-affiliates
Some notes on a methodological problem in the study of the relationship between thought and language : describing the thought content in terms of different conceptions of the same phenomenon
Imagination and thinking : a psychological analysis
The turning point : creating resilience in a time of extremes
Teach yourself to think
Improving Processes Through Lean -Management : Case Study
Customer discovery and customer validation in Lean software startups
The character of consciousness
Thinking : directed, undirected and creative
The ultimate introduction to NLP : how to build a successful life
The 7 laws of magical thinking : how irrationality makes us happy, healthy, and sane
The cartoon introduction to philosophy
Extra success potential : the art of out-thinking and out-sensing others in business and everyday life
Lean User Experience Design in Practice : A Case Study: Implementing Lean User Experience Design in Software Development
Describes the management principles of Lean production that are employed by Toyota.
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
Music industry's business models in the digital era focused on indie artists : a study case
Language and thought
Reveals how automation is affecting our ability to solve problems, forge memories and acquire skills. This book shows how the most important decisions of our lives are now being made by machines and the radical effect this is having on our ability to learn. It argues that we must rethink its role in our lives.
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Smarter than you think :  how technology is changing our minds for the better
Teaching thinking skills : theory and practice
The big book of concepts
Everything is obvious : how common sense fails
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
The intelligence paradox : why the intelligent choice isn't always the smart one
De Bono's thinking course
Cross-functional supply chain management : recognising the need and implementation
The psychology of thinking
The development of scientific thinking skills
Understanding changes in time : the development of diachronic thinking in 7- to 12-year-old children
Teaching systemic thinking
Learning to think things through : a guide to critical thinking across the curriculum
The origin of thought
Maturity of thinking of 15 year old girls and boys as assessed from the reasons given for answers to questions about their beliefs
Thinking, fast and slow
Nimble : thinking creatively in the digital age
Exploring Finnish university students' perceived level of critical thinking
Implementation of Lean Manufacturing Tools in Garment Manufacturing Process Focusing Sewing Section of Men’s Shirt
Implementation of Lean manufacturing tools in garment manufacturing process focusing sewing section of men's shirt
Boxology : thinking and working inside, outside, and beyond the box and the cubicle
Thinking and problem solving
Challenges to the development of energy performance measurement : a systems thinking approach
Fix your life: ...with NLP
Drunk tank pink : the subconscious forces that shape how we think, feel, and behave
This accessible and introductory guide to critical thinking will help you think like a scientist, learn to question everything, and understand how your own brain can trip you up. This fresh and exciting approach to science, skepticism, and critical thinking will enlighten and inspire readers of all ages. With a mix of wit and wisdom, it challenges everyone to think like a scientist, embrace the skeptical life, and improve their critical thinking skills
Focus : the hidden driver of excellence
Superforecasting : the art and science of prediction
On thinking
Think like a freak : how to think smarter about almost everything
Inner speech and thought
"The missing manual on how to apply Lean Startup to build products that customers love The Lean Product Playbook is a practical guide to building products that customers love. Whether you work at a startup or a large, established company, we all know that building great products is hard. Most new products fail. This book helps improve your chances of building successful products through clear, step-by-step guidance and advice. The Lean Startup movement has contributed new and valuable ideas about product development and has generated lots of excitement. However, many companies have yet to successfully adopt Lean thinking. Despite their enthusiasm and familiarity with the high-level concepts, many teams run into challenges trying to adopt Lean because they feel like they lack specific guidance on what exactly they should be doing. If you are interested in Lean Startup principles and want to apply them to develop winning products, this book is for you.This book describes the Lean Product Process: a repeatable, easy-to-follow methodology for iterating your way to product-market fit. It walks you through how to: Determine your target customers Identify underserved customer needs Create a winning product strategy Decide on your Minimum Viable Product (MVP) Design your MVP prototype Test your MVP with customers Iterate rapidly to achieve product-market fit This book was written by entrepreneur and Lean product expert Dan Olsen whose experience spans product management, UX design, coding, analytics, and marketing across a variety of products. As a hands-on consultant, he refined and applied the advice in this book as he helped many companies improve their product process and build great products. His clients include Facebook, Box, Hightail, Epocrates, and Medallia.Entrepreneurs, executives, product managers, designers, developers, marketers, analysts and anyone who is passionate about building great products will find The Lean Product Playbook an indispensable, hands-on resource"--
Mind whispering : a new map to freedom from self-defeating emotional habits
Conflicting patterns of thought
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
Why so stupid : how the human race has never really learned to think
Mastering lean product development : a practical, event-driven process for maximizing speed, profits and quality
Lateral thinking : a textbook of creativity
Engaging ideas : the professor's guide to integrating writing, critical thinking, and active learning in the classroom
Customer stimulation in lean software develpment
Introduction and implementation of the 5S-operation model for ST-Koneistus Ltd
Production System Lean Transformation : Case: Merivaara Oy
The reflective practitioner : how professionals think in action
Hannah Arendt : practice, thought and judgement
How to implement lean manufacturing
Think like a freak : the authors of Freakonomics offer to retrain your brain
On assumptions
Lean Pedagogy : Using Lean Thinking to Improve Student Results and Optimiza Classroom Costs
Inference and understanding : a philosophical and psychological perspective
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
NLP : the essential guide to neuro-linguistic programming
Mapping the mind
Discourse processing
Market Segmentation for Pro-environmental Cosmetic Products : Finnish Cosmetic Markets
The secular outlook : in defense of moral and political secularism
Creative Mind
How to create and develop a thinking classroom
Empirical study of project management practices
Inquiry-guided learning : new directions for teaching and learning
Lean manufacturing : tools, techniques, and how to use them
Train your brain : puzzle book : brain-scrambling challenges
To sell is human : the surprising truth about moving others
The Interconnected universe : conceptual foundations of transdisciplinary unified theory
Head strong : how to get physically and mentally fit
Reasoning and decision making
Lean computing for the cloud
Unthink
Content-based design engineering thinking : in the search for approach
First leap into the lean financial closing process : Understanding the team drivers for adopting lean accounting process
The global quality management system : improvement through systems thinking
Unbelievable : why we believe and why we don't
How to think like Einstein : simple ways to break the rules and discover your hidden genius
The politics of world politics
Do we listen to earthworms? : tools for evaluating the Finnish Action Plan on the sustainable use of plant protection products
How we think
Applies lean manufacturing principles across the cloud service delivery chain to enable application and infrastructure service providers to sustainably achieve the shortest lead time, best quality, and value. This book focuses on lean in the context of cloud computing capacity management of applications and the physical and virtual cloud resources that support them. Lean Computing for the Cloud considers business, architectural and operational aspects of efficiently delivering valuable services to end users via cloud-based applications hosted on shared cloud infrastructure. The work also focuses on overall optimization of the service delivery chain to enable both application service and infrastructure service providers to adopt leaner, demand driven operations to serve end users more efficiently.The book's early chapters analyze how capacity management morphs with cloud computing into interlocked physical infrastructure capacity management, virtual resource capacity management, and application capacity management problems. The middle chapters frame cloud capacity management as a lean thinking problem, lay out strategies for applying lean thinking best practices across the cloud service delivery chain, and apply key lean insights from other industries. Later chapters discuss lean reserve capacity, lean demand management, optimal power management, and quantitative performance metrics of lean capacity management, which can be used to methodically drive continuous improvement of lean cloud computing deployments. The final chapter summarizes the book's insights on lean strategies to minimize waste across the cloud computing service delivery chain. Applies lean thinking across the cloud service delivery chain to recognize and minimize waste.Leverages lessons learned from electric power industry operations to operations of cloud infrastructure. Applies insights from just-in-time inventory management to operation of cloud based applications. Explains how traditional, Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) and Enhanced Telecom Operation Map (eTOM) capacity management evolves to lean computing for the cloud This book is geared toward professionals with business, operational, architectural, development, and quality backgrounds in the information and communication technology industry.
The pleasure of thinking : a journey through the sideways leaps of ideas
Psychology : the science of mind and behaviour
Teacher's self-efficacy and student's skills in mathematical word problem solving and reading comprehension : two studies in Greece and Finland
Value stream mapping of a mobile network element software : feature development  cycle using Lean development concept
Productive thinking in education
Value Stream Mapping of a mobile network element software - feature development
cycle using Lean development concept
The digitalisation of social representations : the influence of the evolution of communication technology on the development of shared ideas
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. 2012/2013, vol. 16
A user's guide to thought and meaning
Representing the epistemic nature of teachers' practical knowledge : the case of class teachers' general pedagogy
Human thought
The agile mind : how your brain makes creativity happen
Creative thinking for dummies
Language and human behaviour
Tools for thinking and problem solving
Lean Project Management : Visual Management Tools
An invitation to cognitive science. Vol. 4, Methods, models, and conceptual issues
A theory of language and understanding
Human nature in American thought : a history
The gap : the science of what separates us from other animals
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Children's thinking and learning in the elementary school
Thought experiments in science and philosophy
Thought and knowledge : an introduction to critical thinking
Belief re-patterning : the amazing technique for "flipping the switch" to positive thoughts
Training of students ́scientific reasoning skills
Cognitive style : five approaches and relevant research
The six value medals
Educating critical professionals
Applying Lean-Principles for Electric Motors Production
Child, philosophy and education : discussing the intellectual sources of Philosophy for Children
Breaking the habit of being yourself : how to lose your mind and create a new one
Train your brain to be a genius
Agile Methods in large-scale software development organizations : applicability and model for adoption
Psy-Q : test your psychological intelligence
How we think : a restatement of the relation of reflective thinking to the educative process
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
iDisorder : understanding our obsession with technology and overcoming its hold on us
Mental leaps : analogy in creative thought
The development of thought
The geography of thought : how asians and westerners think differently...and why
Shortening the set-up-time in juice production process : the use of Lean methods
Students' problem solving in the LEGO/Logo learning environment
Practical tortoise raising : and other philosophical essays
The constancy of the Gelb-Goldstein-Weigl-Scheerer object sorting test : Evaluated on the basis of retest and twin method
The Development of the Information Sharing Process by Lean Philosophy
The Oxford guide to effective argument and critical thinking
You are the placebo : making your mind matter
The question book : what makes you tick?
Cornell critical thinking test. Test level 10
The effects of lean transformation on performance measurement and capacity management : case Valmet
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1999, vol. 3.
Within reason : a guide to non-deductive reasoning
The art of thinking clearly
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought and conceptual history. 2004, vol. 8
A practical guide to critical thinking : deciding what to do and believe
Developmental results in an object sorting test
The glass cage : who needs humans anyway?
Development of a new welding product quality control and management system model for China
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
Thinking : an introduction to its experimental psychology
Where mathematics comes from : how the embodied mind brings mathematics into being
In praise of the cognitive emotions and other essays in the philosophy of education
Philosophy : A discovery in comics
Beyond words : what animals think and feel
Improve your verbal reasoning
The tipping point in the Finnish social media start-up companies
The Toyota way : 14 management principles from the world's greatest manufacturer
Geometry by tiling? : Geometric thinking based on van Hiele's theory and a Tiling project of tessellations in basic education.
Thinking mathematically
What is called thinking?
Hardwiring happiness : the new brain science of contentment, calm, and confidence
New thinking for a new millennium : the processes and application of abstracting
The symbolic and nonsymbolic in connectionism
Discourse on thinking
Propositional attitudes : an essay on thoughts and how we ascribe them
The big leap : conquer your hidden fear and take life to the next level
One plus one equals three : a masterclass in creative thinking
Scarcity : why having too little means so much
From infancy we are taught to edit ourselves, trimming out the darker, weirder, less acceptable parts in order to please others. But this addiction to approval is holding us back. What if we begin to be ourselves, honestly and fully? Insanely Gifted shows how to transform our thinking and turn our inner demons into allies. How to reframe disappointment (because not getting what we want can be as interesting and useful as getting what we want). Through techniques to become aware of our Inner Critic, and exercises such as Full Body Listening, Catto invites us to better know our deepest instincts and unlock our true power.
Running Lean: iterate from plan a to a plan that works
Rationality and intelligence
Comparative studies of how people think : an introduction
An operations management perspective on waste management
in a food processing factory
How to outwit Aristotle and 34 other really interesting uses of philosophy
Implicit and explicit knowledge : an educational approach
Parallel thinking : from Socratic thinking to de Bono thinking
The apprentice and the project manager : lessons for developing an agile mindset
Making sense of leadership : exploring the five key roles used by effective leaders
Combining Lean thinking and Agile Software Development : how do software-intensive companies use them in practice?
Teaching thinking in Europe : inventory of European programmes
Lean Six Sigma Method Applied for Increasing Transparency : Case: Company X Optimizing the Repairing Process in the Production Line
Critical thinking skills for dummies
Creating work instructions for punching machine operators at Ojala Yhtymä
Tools of critical thinking : metathoughts for psychology
Powers of two : finding the essence of innovation in creative pairs
The secrets of life
Imagining numbers (particularly the square root of minus fifteen)
Service Design in the Public Sector: Role, Challenge and Good Practice
Zen and the art of consciousness
Think! : before it's too late
Process Development Using the Lean Six Sigma Methodology : Case: Oy AGA Ab, Linde Healthcare
Lean in the office : visual management
The brain's way of healing : stories of remarkable recoveries and discoveries
Teaching thinking
Just one thing : developing a Buddha brain one simple practice at a time
Determinants of cognitive impairment in old age and their genetic architecture
The righteous mind : why good people are divided by politics and religion
System Thinking World Journal : Reflection in Action
Quality generalists and their roles in education for sustainability
Sheldon short guide to memory problems
Business plan: : Lean consulting company in the software engineering industry
We live in an age of unparalleled opportunity for innovation. We're building more products than ever before, but most of them fail--not because we can't complete what we set out to build, but because we waste time, money, and effort building the wrong product. What we need is a systematic process for quickly vetting product ideas and raising our odds of success. That's the promise of Running Lean. In this inspiring book, Ash Maurya takes you through an exacting strategy for achieving a "product/market fit" for your fledgling venture, based on his own experience in building a wide array of product.
Critical thinking : an introduction to the basic skills
This will make you smarter
Leading and managing the lean management process
Insanely gifted : turn your demons into creative rocket fuel
A transition framework for TIP Trailer Services : How can TIP Trailer Services improve its operational reporting efficiency in terms of time for data analysis by transitioning to a new Business Intelligence software for 30% by the end of 2016?
Implementation and analysis of a web shop in an international company
Epistemological beliefs and scientific reasoning in Finnish academic upper secondary education
Lean Implementation in Co-operation with the Supplier : Case Wärtsilä (DCV, Power Tech)
Think : why you should question everything
The emotional life of your brain : how its unique patterns affect the way you think, feel and live : and how you can change them
Lean transformation in an office environment : Lean tools and engagement techniques for office managers
How to learn almost anything in 48 hours : shortcuts and brain hacks for learning new skills fast
The lean product playbook : how to innovate with minimum viable products and rapid customer feedback
Systematic introduction to the psychology of thinking
Main currents of Korean thought
Shortcut : how analogies reveal connections, spark innovation, and sell our greatest ideas
Sane new world : taming the mind
Serious creativity : using the power of lateral thinking to create new ideas
Agile teams have been struggling with the concept of continuous improvement since the first Agile frameworks were developed, and still very little has been written about the practice of continuous improvement in Agile environments. Although team retrospectives have been prescribed and some practices have been introduced in order to implement and facilitate them, the truth is that most Agile teams are conducting dull retrospectives that end with a list of things that have been done wrong, just to repeat the same list two weeks later at the next meeting. Instead of listing hundreds of Japanese-labeled tools, this book gives you practical insights into how to spot improvement opportunities, how to plan for improvement and how to engage everyone in your company in the Kaizen process. In addition, it will also provide you with 27 proven practices and 12 bonus activities to introduce into your retrospectives in order to keep them fresh, creative and exciting, so you can promise a team that, in a year's time, no two retrospectives will be alike. This book helps you as a manager, team leader, change agent or consultant in any type of organization to unleash the real power of Kaizen cultures - no matter what kind of organization, market, product, technology, vision, goal or size. It provides you with the background, tools and practical hints on how to engage your organization in a process of continuous quest for new and better ways of performing.
How to think straight : an introduction to critical reasoning
I am right, you are wrong : from this to the new reneissance: from rock logic to water logic
How we think & Education and experience
Learning maps and memory skills
Handbook for the positive revolution
Challenges of Lean Management : Investigating the challenges and developing a recommendation for implementing Lean management techniques
Transforming pain to power : unlock your unlimited potential
Agile Kaizen : managing continuous improvement far beyond retrospectives
What is consciousness? How does the subjective character of consciousness fit into an objective world? How can there be a science of consciousness? In this sequel to his groundbreaking and controversial The Conscious Mind, David Chalmers develops a unified framework that addresses these questions and many others. Starting with a statement of the "hard problem" of consciousness, Chalmers builds a positive framework for the science of consciousness and a nonreductive vision of the metaphysics of consciousness. He replies to many critics of The Conscious Mind, and then develops a positive theory in new directions. The book includes original accounts of how we think and know about consciousness, of the unity of consciousness, and of how consciousness relates to the external world. Along the way, Chalmers develops many provocative ideas: the "consciousness meter", the Garden of Eden as a model of perceptual experience, and The Matrix as a guide to the deepest philosophical problems about consciousness and the external world. This book will be required reading for anyone interested in the problems of mind, brain, consciousness, and reality.
Moved by morality : An essay on the practicality of moral thought and talk
E-learning and communication in teachers' training project: case: ADAPTYKES project
Children's thinking
Historied thought, constructed world : a conceptual primer for the turn of the millennium
Simplicity
