http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6011 prostitution
prostitution
The dark bride : a novel
Mary wept over the feet of Jesus : prostitution and religious obedience in the Bible : a "graphic novel" containing adaptations of certain Biblical stories
Games and sports
The sexual dilemma : abortion, homosexuality, prostitution, and the criminal threshold
Prostitution and the war
The death box
Modern sexuality
Report of the Committee on Homosexual offences and Prostitution : presented to Parliament by the Secretary of State for the Home Department and the Secretary of State for Scotland by Command of Her Majesty, September 1957.
Butterflies of the night : mama-sans, geisha, strippers, and the Japanese men they serve
Sex slavery : a documentary report on the international scene today
Sex work reassessed
Sex work and HIV/AIDS : technical update
Converging interests : traders, travelers, and tourists in Southeast Asia
Children of the night : a study of adolescent prostitution
A million dirty secrets
Sex trafficking in postcolonial literature : transnational narratives from Joyce to Bolaño
Love for sale : a world history of prostitution
Purchase of a sexual service - a lawful private delight or an offence? : a study of criminal legislation in the nordic countries
City of sin : London and its vices
Zoo Station : (a memoir) : the story of Christiane F.
The whistleblower : sex trafficking, military contractors, and one woman's fight for justice
Greek street. [1] : Blood calls for blood
Prostitution and feminism : towards a politics of feeling
Playing the whore : the work of sex work
The arcane of reproduction : housework, prostitution, labor and capital
Global sex workers : rights, resistance, and redefinition
The nineteenth century witnessed a discursive explosion around the subject of sex. Historical evidence indicates that the sexual behaviour which had always been punishable began to be spoken of, regulated, and policed in new ways. Prostitutes were no longer dragged through the town, dunked in lakes, whipped and branded. Medieval forms of punishment shifted from the emphasis on punishing the body to punishing the mind. Building on the work of Foucault, Walkowitz, and Mort, Linda Mahood traces and examines new approached emerging throughout the nineteenth century towards prostitution and looks at the apparatus and institutions created for its regulation and control. In particular, throughout the century, the bourgeoisie contributed regularly to the discourse on the prostitution problem, the debate focusing on the sexual and vocational behaviour of working class women. The thrust of the discourse, however, was not just repression or control but the moral reform – through religious training, moral education, and training in domestic service – of working class women. With her emphasis on Scottish 'magdalene' homes and a case study of the system of police repression used in Glasgow, Linda Mahood has written the first book of its kind dealing with these issues in Scotland. At the same time the book sets nineteenth-century treatment of prostitutes in Scotland into the longer run of British attempts to control 'drabs and harlots', and contributes to the wider discussion of 'dangerous female sexuality' in a male-dominated society.
The United Nations child policy : international games of morality and power
New Slavery : a refence handbook
Prostitution and morality : a definitive report on the prostitute in contemporary society and an analysis of the causes and effects of the suppression of prostitution
Rethinking prostitution : purchasing sex in the 1990s
Rain Gods
Priceless honey
Working at the bar : sex work and health communication in Thailand
Themes in drama : an annual publication. 11, Women in theatre
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 10, Reform
Queer sex work
The sex myth : why everything we're told is wrong
Rich girl poor girl
Covert codes of women in prostitution : pathways for recovering roots after trauma interface
The road of lost innocence : the true story of a Cambodian childhood
Reporting on prostitution : the media, women and prostitution in India, Malaysia and the Philippines
The spirits of Crossbones Graveyard : time, ritual, and sexual commerce in London
International approaches to prostitution : law and policy in Europe and Asia
Prostitution and Victorian social reform
In the darkness
Issues for debate in family violence : selections from CQ researcher
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 3, A cultural history of sexuality in the Renaissance
Sex work is a subject of significant contestation across academic disciplines, as well as within legal, medical, moral, feminist, political and socio-cultural discourses. A large body of research exists, but much of this focuses on the sale of sex by women to men and ignores other performances, practices, meanings and embodiments in the contemporary sex industry. A queer agenda is important in order to challenge hetero-centric gender norms and to develop new insights into how gender, sex, power, crime, work, migration, space/place, health and intimacy are understood in the context of commercial sexual encounters. Queer Sex Work explores what it might mean to 'be', 'do' and 'think' queer(ly) in the study and practice of commercial sex. It brings together a multiplicity of empirical case studies – including erotic dance venues, online sex working, pornography, grey sexual economies, and BSDM – and offers a variety of perspectives from academic scholars, policy practitioners, activists and sex workers themselves. In so doing, the book advances a queer politics of sex work that aims to disrupt heteronormative logics whilst also making space for different voices in academic and political debates about commercial sex. This unique and multidisciplinary volume will be indispensable for scholars and students of the global sex trade and of gender, sexuality, feminism and queer theory more broadly, as well as policymakers, activists and practitioners interested in the politics and practice of sex work in local, national and international contexts.
Lord Denning's report : presented to Parliament by the Prime Minister by Command of Her Majesty, September 1963.
Polygamy, prostitutes and death : the Hellenistic dynasties
Women and prostitution : a social history
Reading, writing, and rewriting the prostitute body
Paying for it : a comic-strip memoir about being a john
Thai tourism : Hill Tribes, Islands and Open-Ended Prostitution : collected papers
Pink samurai : love, marriage & sex in contemporary Japan
Policing prostitution in nineteenth-century Paris
The illegal business of human trafficking
Butterflies of the Night is an American woman's inside view of Japan's lively and powerful nightclub world. Includes interviews with women in both high-end clubs and the sleazy end of the business, as well as comments from customers of geisha houses as well as sex clubs.
The incidence of sexual exploitation of children in tourism
The prostitution papers
Discursive effects of anti-prostitution law in Korea
The devil's chain : prostitution and social control in partitioned Poland
Youth prostitution in the new Europe : the growth in sex work
Male sexual abuse : a triloqu of intervention strateqies
Reading "the prostitute" : appearance, place and time in British and Irish press stories of prostitution
Laws, attitudes and public policy
This book offers a brand-new perspective on human trafficking as an illegal business. It also proposes a new form of networked action: combining the perspectives of academic researchers with those of highly skilled professionals involved in policymaking in this area, this book is a unique contribution and a first step toward a networking paradigm, promoting collaboration in preventing and combating human trafficking crime, and in raising awareness of this ongoing problem. This book was born within the CINETS group ? Crimmigration Control International Net of Studies (www.crimmigrationcontrol.com), which was established in 2011 with the aim of bringing together expertise from different fields, professions, universities and countries. It aims to form a new paradigm for sharing knowledge and advancing research on topics related to human trafficking, crimmigration control, immigration and crime, immigrant detention and all types of violence that may affect victims of crimes, helping to create a fairer society.
Ghost heart
The image of the prostitute in modern literature
"At present, the bulk of the existing research on sex trafficking originates in the social sciences. Sex Trafficking in Postcolonial Literature adds an original perspective on this issue by examining representations of sex trafficking in postcolonial literature.This book is a sustained interdisciplinary study bridging postcolonial literature, in English and Spanish, and sex trafficking, as analyzed through literary theory, anthropology, sociology, history, trauma theory, journalism, and globalization studies. It encompasses postcolonial theory and literature's aesthetic analysis of sex trafficking together with research from social sciences, psychology, anthropology, and economics with the intention of offering a comprehensive analysis of the topic beyond the type of Orientalist discourse so prevalent in the media. This is an important and innovative resource for scholars in literature, postcolonial studies, gender studies, human rights and global justice. "--
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 5, A cultural history of sexuality in the age of Empire
Disposable people : new slavery in the global economy
The call girl : a social and psychoanalytic study
Young people and sexual exploitation : "it's not hidden, you just aren't looking"
Between 1998 and 2004, eleven out of the fifteen parliaments of the European Union (EU) countries debated whether to regulate prostitution at the national level, something that had, until then, been regulated by cities. Fears about globalization and the transfer of sovereignty to the EU created a context in which nations asserted themselves by imposing national standards to protect vulnerable women, strengthening states in the face of "global" pressures. Prostitution reforms allowed governments to apprehend women who are "loose" in the sense that they lack formal or clear connections to state benefits, national labor markets, or international human rights protections. Case studies of the first four EU countries that reformed prostitution, The Netherlands, Sweden, Germany, and Finland, are told through ninety in-depth interviews with people who helped craft, implement, or enforce new prostitution policies. Departing from previous accounts that stress the differences within these debates, The Cultural Politics of European Prostitution Reform instead analyzes their commonalities, foregrounding the increasing moral power of the state in a globalizing world and the endurance of national cultural difference.
The road to wanting
You will die : the burden of modern taboos
Whores in history : prostitution in Western society
Human trafficking, human misery : the global trade in human beings
Selling songs and smiles : the sex trade in Heian and Kamakura Japan
Of vice and women : shades of prostitution
Dark heart : the shocking truth about hidden Britain
The history of prostitution
Sex, crime and society
City of Eros : New York City, prostitution, and the commercialization of sex, 1720-1920
Summary in Russian.
The cultural politics of European prostitution reform : governing loose women
Sex and the Weimar Republic : German homosexual emancipation and the rise of the Nazis
Backstreets : Prostitution, money and love
The painter of Shanghai
Crime and justice in the Netherlands
Prostitution in medieval society : the history of an urban institution in Languedoc
The sex sector : the economic and social bases of prostitution in Southeast Asia
"Pirates, Prostitutes and Pullers reveals the lively history of Southeast Asia's underclass - the peasants, urban coolies, prostitutes, maritime raiders and sea nomads who played a formative role in the region's remarkable transformation." "The sixteen essays in this collection focus on critically important themes such as the meaning and constitution of 'culture': the global political economy, human trafficking, urbanization, and colonial policy and practice. Professor Warren utilizes documentary sources, oral traditions, photographs, and paintings to provide not only an erudite example of the exploratory power of historical ethnography but also new conceptual frameworks for our understanding of Southeast Asian history."--Book jacket.
Profiles of urban prostitution : a case study from Uganda
1990s economic crisis : the research programme of the Academy of Finland: conference 1999
Playing the game
The Magdalenes : prostitution in the nineteenth century
Sun, sex, and gold : tourism and sex work in the Caribbean
Tricks
Allah made us : sexual outlaws in an Islamic African city
Prostitution as a social issue : the experiences of Russian women prostitutes in the Barents Region
Pirates, prostitutes and pullers : explorations in the ethno- and social history of Southeast Asia
Guide to good practice for journalists and communicators : prostitution and trafficking in women for sexual esploitation in the mass media
Trafficking in women and children in Europe
Storyville, New Orleans : being an authentic, illustrated account of the notorious red-light district
Every dark corner
Prostitution in the medieval world
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 6, A cultural history of sexuality in the modern age
Redeeming love : a novel
Constructing containment : a critical analysis of the framing of trafficking in human beings in European Parliament discourse
Belle's best bits : a London call girl reveals her favourite adventures
Changing faces of prostitution : Helsinki 3-5 May, 1995
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 4, A cultural history of sexuality in the Enlightenment
Sex in cyberspace : men who pay for sex
Being a prostitute : prostitute women and prostitute men
Murder, mayhem and music hall : the dark side of Victorian London
Fallen women : a sceptical inquiry into the treatment of prostitutes, their clients and their pimps, in literature
Prostitution and human trafficking : focus on clients
London's underworld : being selections from 'Those that will not work' the fourth volume of 'London labour and the London poor'
Paid for : my journey through prostitution
Prohibition gangsters : the rise and fall of a bad generation
Miss America
Making sense of prostitution
The politics of prostitution : women's movements, democratic states, and the globalisation of sex commerce
The myth of sacred prostitution in antiquity
Constructing post-communism : a study in the Estonian social problems discourse
From hood to Hollywood
The walled city
Gringo Gulch : sex, tourism, and social mobility in Costa Rica
The business
Tart cards
Robert B. Parker's damned if you do : a Jesse Stone mystery
Stephanie Budin demonstrates that sacred prostitution, the sale of a person's body for sex in which some or all of the money earned was devoted to a deity or a temple, did not exist in the ancient world. Reconsidering the evidence from the ancient Near East, the Greco-Roman texts, and the early Christian authors, Budin shows that the majority of sources that have traditionally been understood as pertaining to sacred prostitution actually have nothing to do with this institution. The few texts that are usually invoked on this subject are, moreover, terribly misunderstood. Contrary to many current hypotheses, the creation of the myth of sacred prostitution has nothing to do with notions of accusation or the construction of a decadent, Oriental 'Other'. Instead, the myth has come into being as a result of more than 2,000 years of misinterpretations, false assumptions, and faulty methodology.
The trader of Saigon
Texts on courtezans in classical Sanskrit
Prostitution and the Victorians
Cold courage
The valley of amazement
Jackal in the dark
"Brown calmly lays out the facts of how he became not only a willing participant in but also a vocal proponent of one of the world's most hot-button topics--prostitution. Paying For It offers an entirely contemporary exploration of sex work--from the timid john who rides his bike to meet his escorts, wonders how to tip so as not to offend, and reads Dan Savage for advice, to the modern-day transactions complete with online reviews, seemingly willing participants, and clean apartments devoid of cliches street corners, drugs, or primps"--Publisher's web site.
Sugar girls & seamen : a journey into the world of dockside prostitution in South Africa
Living proof
Morality policies in Europe : concepts, theories and empirical evidence
Apocalypse now now
Problems of sex behavior
Fast girl : a life spent running from madness
The boy from nowhere
In the Godfather Garden : the long life and times of Richie "the Boot" Boiardo
Mother Clap's molly house : a play with songs
Human sex trafficking
The hanging garden : an inspector Rebus novel
Where Have All the Bodies Gone?
Travels in the skin trade : tourism and the sex industry
Who's buying? : the clients of prostitution : proceedings of the Nordic Research Meeting on Prostitution, 1997, Helsinki
Sex work : writings by women in the sex industry
Athenian prostitution : the business of sex
Sex & punishment : four thousand years of judging desire
Pimp state : sex, money and the future of equality
When FBI Special Agent Griffin "Decker" Davenport wakes from his coma, he is desperate to find the missing children he knows are in danger. At the end of his last investigation, when he thought it was all over and justice had been served, he discovered that not everyone had been rescued, but he was shot before he was able to tell anyone.  Special Agent Kate Coppola has recently moved to Cincinnati. She says she's chasing a promotion but she's actually running away from heartache. She's found the recordings from Decker's time undercover and has been at his side in the hospital while she tries to put together the pieces of the crime he was investigating—and what connection it has to his own mysterious past.  When someone tries to kill Decker in his hospital bed, he and Kate realise that the children are not the only ones whose lives are threatened, and that they must stop at nothing to hunt down the perpetrators. And danger is waiting in every dark corner.
