http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6010 sex crimes
sex crimes
From child sexual abuse to adult sexual risk : trauma, revictimization, and intervention
Male on male rape : The hidden toll of stigma and shame
Men who rape : the psychology of the offender
The bat
Children and young people who sexually abuse others : current developments and practice responses
Child abuse : law and policy across boundaries
"In its efforts to assist post-conflict societies in africa the international aid community has acitvely promoted projects of psycho-social healing among people traumatized during wars and violent conflict. To a large degree these projects have been established in the tradtion of Western psychology. More recently, however, it has been realized in order to help survivors of war effectivley it is necessary to adapt projects and enhance "local" psycho-social healing. This policy report locates the structures - with local legitimacy - that are available to young people who experienced sexual abuse during the Sierra Leone civil war (1991-2002). To this end, this booklet discusses a healing complex that comprises a number of overlapping actors, including herbalists, Zoe Mammies (heads of the female secret societies), Mori-men (Muslim healers); Karamokos (Muslim teachers) and Christian pastors." --Publisher's description.
Women who sexually abuse children
Expertise and decision making among clinicians in investigations of alleged child sexual abuse
International perspectives on the assessment and treatment of sexual offenders : theory, practice, and research
Crime prevention : new approaches
Sex crime in the islamic context : rape, class and gender in Pakistan
Missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town
The registration and monitoring of sex offenders : a comparative study
International approaches to rape
Against our will : men, women, and rape
Dangerousness, risk and the governance of serious sexual and violent offenders
The girl : a life in the shadow of Roman Polanski
Lonely hearts
Risk markers for sexual victimization and predation in prison
Abstract.
The Korean women's movement, which is seen in both Western and the non-Western countries as being exemplary in terms of women's activism, experienced a dramatic change in its direction and strategy in the early in the early 1990's. At the heart of the new approach was an increasing focus on sexual violence, which has had a huge impact on bringing women's issues onto the public agenda in Korea. This book examines feminist practice in Korea by analyzing the experiences of the country's first sexual assault center, the Korea Sexual Violence Relief Center. Based on extensive original research, including interviews with activists and extensive participant observation, it explores why feminist activists in South Korea chose to organize around the issue of sexual violence, the strategies it used to do so, what impact the movement has made, and what challenges it still faces to achieve its objectives.
Crime and justice : a review of research
Sworn to silence : a young boy, an abusive priest, a buried truth
Preventing sexual violence : interdisciplinary approaches to overcoming a rape culture
Virgin or vamp : how the press covers sex crimes
Rape on prime time : television, masculinity and sexual violence
The sexual victimization of children
Understanding violence
Reconstructing criminal law : critical perspectives on crime and the criminal process
Problems of evidence in sexual crimes : theory of evidence and discource in the Finnish courts
Rape and sexual assault : a research handbook
In the 1970s rape became the point of departure for an ongoing feminist examination of the subordination and sexual victimization of women. More recently, domestic violence, prostitution, sexual harassment, and pornography have come to the forefront of investigators' concerns. Rape and Society returns to the original focus on rape, while also illuminating the interconnections among the many forms of violence against women. The book provides a comprehensive treatment of the subject, drawing on writers and researchers from across a range of social and behavioral sciences and the humanities and representing the experiences of women of diverse backgrounds and lifestyles. From the private torment of a child abused by her father to the horror of mass rape and ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia, the authors analyze rape as a tool of humiliation, control, and terror. Rape and Society is an essential resource for academics and professionals and for anyone wanting to come to grips with the magnitude of the problem of sexual violence. Because the selections are moving as well as thought-provoking and varied in approach (theoretical, empirical, literary, and experiential), this interdisciplinary anthology is a superb text for undergraduate and graduate courses in women's studies, psychology, sociology, and criminology. It offers incisive analyses and carefully designed research to help us understand and explain rape while sensitizing us to the personal dimensions of sexual victimization and the emotional toll of living in a violent society. There are hopeful voices here too, helping readers envision a safer and more humane world, offering concrete suggestions for social change, and encouraging us all to gather the power and courage to take on the work that lies before us.
Assessment of sexual interest using a choice reaction time task and priming paradigm : a feasibility study
The crimes of love
Frontline feminisms : women, war and resistance
Rape : weapon of terror
A small death in Lisbon
Contesting Nation : gendered violence in South Asia : notes on the postcolonial present
The recovered memory/false memory debate
"This book seeks to track the origins of sex offender registers, their purpose and the law and policy that underpins them in various parts of the world. Sex offender registers are not really registers at all but a set of 'legal requirements' that fall automatically on a person convicted or cautioned for a designated sexual offence; the term 'register' is a form of shorthand for these requirements, designed to be a contribution to greater public protection and community safety. This book provides the first serious and detailed narrative of the conception and implementation of the sex offender registers. It seeks to do so in a clear and easy to follow text that will be both informed and critical and will also serve as a resource book for those wanting to make further study of the process of registration and monitoring. It looks in detail at the practice of implementing registers and considers questions about their effectiveness in monitoring sex offenders and the implications of someone being on a sex offender register. The book examines the legal challenges to registers and monitoring and the position of registrants in the context of human rights and seeks to place registers and monitoring in the wider context of what is being called the surveillance society. The Registration and Monitoring of Sex Offenders will be key reading for students of criminology and criminal justice, surveillance and human rights and practitioners in criminal justice fields of policing, probation, social work, children's services, the judiciary, prison work and others"--
Sexual crime today : papers read by Max Grunhut, Rudolf Sieverts & Jacob M. van Bemmelen at a symposium organized by the Institute of Criminal Law and Criminology of the University of Leiden
A pinch of snuff : a Dalziel and Pascoe novel
Practicing feminism in South Korea : the women's movement against sexual violence
Confronting rape : the feminist anti-rape movement and the state
The sexual tensions of UN peace support operations   : a plea for "sexual positivity"
Paedophiles and sexual offences against children
Deadly communion
Confronting crime : crime control policy under New Labour
The drop
Roman Polanski : wanted and desired
Crime and justice in the Netherlands
Sex and crime
Delayed prosecution for childhood sexual abuse
Rape : a history from 1860 to the present day
Cognitive approaches to the assessment of sexual interest in sexual offenders
Sexual violence in armed conflicts
Sex and gender crimes in the new international law : past, present, future
This book offers a brand-new perspective on human trafficking as an illegal business. It also proposes a new form of networked action: combining the perspectives of academic researchers with those of highly skilled professionals involved in policymaking in this area, this book is a unique contribution and a first step toward a networking paradigm, promoting collaboration in preventing and combating human trafficking crime, and in raising awareness of this ongoing problem. This book was born within the CINETS group ? Crimmigration Control International Net of Studies (www.crimmigrationcontrol.com), which was established in 2011 with the aim of bringing together expertise from different fields, professions, universities and countries. It aims to form a new paradigm for sharing knowledge and advancing research on topics related to human trafficking, crimmigration control, immigration and crime, immigrant detention and all types of violence that may affect victims of crimes, helping to create a fairer society.
Echo Park
Sexual abuse survivors and the complex of traditional healing : (G)local prospects in the aftermath of an African war
The field of blood
Dating violence : young women in danger
Taming lust : crimes against nature in the early Republic
Globally, rates of sexual violence remain unacceptably high, with disproportionate effects on women and girls. While most scholars and practitioners uniformly concur about the scope of the problem, there is currently little agreement about how to prevent sexual violence before it occurs. Drawing on diverse disciplines such as criminology, education, health promotion, law, psychology, social work, socio-legal studies, sociology and women's studies, this book provides the first interdisciplinary collection on the primary prevention of sexual violence. The volume addresses the key causes or determinants of sexual violence, including cultural attitudes, values, beliefs and norms, as well as systemic gender-based inequalities that create the conditions underlying much violence against women. Including contributions from internationally renowned experts in the field, the volume critically investigates the theoretical underpinnings of prevention work, describing and analysing the limits and possibilities of primary prevention strategies 'on the ground'. The chapters collectively examine the role that structural violence and gender inequality play in fostering a 'culture' of sexual violence, and reflect on the relationship between macro and micro levels for understanding both sexual violence perpetration and prevention. This book will be a key resource for scholars, practitioners and policymakers involved in the fields of sexual violence prevention, education, law, family violence, and child sexual abuse.
Family secrets : Child sexual abuse
Gender violence : the hidden war crime
Child pornography : crime, computers and society
Violence against women is a global problem and despite a wealth of knowledge and inspiring action around the globe, it continues unabated. Bringing together the very best in international scholarship with a rich variety of pedagogical features, this innovative new textbook on violence against women is specifically designed to provoke debate, interrogate assumptions and encourage critical thinking about this global issue. This book presents a range of critical reflections on the strengths and limitations of responses to violent crimes against women and how they have evolved to date. Each section is introduced with an overview of a particular topic by an expert in the field, followed by thoughtful reflections by researchers, practitioners, or advocates that incorporate new research findings, a new initiative, or innovative ideas for reform. Themes covered include: advances in measurement of violence against women, justice system responses to intimate partner violence and sexual assault, victim crisis and advocacy, behaviour change programs for abusers, and prevention of violence against women. Each section is supplemented with learning objectives, critical thinking questions and lists of further reading and resources to encourage discussion and to help students to appreciate the contested nature of policy. The innovative structure will bring debate alive in the classroom or seminar and makes the book perfect reading for courses on violence against women, gender and crime, victimology, and crime prevention.
Power, crime, and mystification
Same call, different men : the evolution of the priesthood since Vatican II
Aboke girls : children abducted in northern Uganda
The new politics of sex and the state
Sexual behavior : problems and management
Report of conference on women, human rights and mission, Venice, Italy, June 24-30, 1979
A Natural history of rape : biological bases of sexual coercion
"Frontline Feminisms offers the greatest diversity of authors (e.g., scholars, activists, artists, resistance fighters, community organizers, and union leaders) and the widest range of discussions regarding violence (e.g., police brutality, abuse in prisons, 'domestic violence,' war and armed conflict, militarized sexual violence, as well as economic and racial violence)." -- Signs
Attitudes toward rape : feminist and social psychological perspectives
Paedophilia : the sexual abuse of children, its occurence, diagnosis & treatment true v false allegations
Treating the trauma of rape : cognitive-behavioral therapy for PTSD
Forciple rape : the crime, the victim, and the offender
Violent offenders : appraising and managing risk
The reform of sex crime law and the gender neutral subject
Sexually aggressive youth : a guide to comprehensive residential treatment
Crime online
The man who watched women : a Sebastian Bergman thriller
Handbook of family violence
Côte d'Ivoire gender-based violence, conflicts, and the political transition : a case study report
Violence and the cultural politics of trauma
Child abuse : towards a knowledge base
What makes women sick? : maternity, modesty, and militarism in Israeli society
Women, violence and war : wartime victimization of refugees in the Balkans
Cognitive behavioural treatment of sexual offenders
Computer crimes, cyber-terrorism, child pornography and financial crimes : reports presented to the Preparatory colloquy for the Round Table II of the 17th International Congress of Penal Law (Beijing, 2004), Athens, April 10/11, 2003
When women sexually abuse men : the hidden side of rape, stalking, harassment, and sexual assault
"An innovative collection of essays on events and dynamics across South Asia, this volume addresses how violence marks the present in wars of direct and indirect conquest. Anti-colonial struggles that achieved independence to form postcolonial nation-states have consolidated themselves through prodigious violence that defines and disfigures communities and futures. This book examines the very borders such brutality enshrines and its intimate inscriptions upon bodies and memories, examining the performance of gendered violence through the spectacular and in everyday life, through wars, nationalisms and displacements. Women in and of South Asia offer inspired, gendered and contested histories of the discontinuous present, excavating nation-making and its intersections with projects of militarisation and cultural assertion, modernisation and globalisation, noting how Gujarat, post-9/11 mobilisations, and the war on Afghanistan and Iraq by Empire, signify the rapidity with which brutal events continue to encompass lives and cultures globally." --Provided by publisher.
The road of lost innocence : the true story of a Cambodian childhood
Sexual violence and violent relationships : the sexualisation of violence withing relationships
Gender danger : survivors of rape, human trafficking, and honor killings
Law, pornography and crime : the Danish experience
Psychodynamic perspectives on abuse : the cost of fear
Surviving sexual violence
Sexual violation in Islamic law : substance, evidence, and procedure
Child sexual abuse : an interdisciplinary manual for diagnosis, case management, and treatment
Sexual offenses and offenders : theory, practice and policy
Sexual offences
Critical issues on violence against women : international perspectives and promising strategies
From violence to caring : gendered and sexualized violence as the challenge on the life-span : conference proceedings
The Juvenile sex offender : edited by Howard E. Barbaree, William L. Marshall
Date rape cases among young women : strategies for support and prevention
The man on the balcony
Rape in the republic, 1609-1725 : formulating Dutch identity
Sex, law and marriage in the Middle Ages
Sexuality, state, and civil society in Germany, 1700-1815
Male victims of sexual assault
The drop : a novel
The wire in the blood
Rape and society : readings on the problem of sexual assault
Somebody's husband, somebody's son : the story of the Yorkshire Ripper
Redefining rape : sexual violence in the era of suffrage and segregation
Soldaten : on fighting, killing, and dying : the secret World War II tapes of German POWs
"Attitudes Toward Rape suggests strategies for changing ideas about sexual assault, including the types of research and media campaigns that are needed. Anyone who wants factual information about what people believe about sexual assault or wants to change those perceptions should read this book." --The Women's Advocate "The book is an excellent introduction to much of what is known about the treatment of rape and rape victims in our society. The text is well-written clear and easy to read and will be particularly interesting as a general introduction to those not familiar with the area (my partner read parts of it and he said he learned a lot!) and to students/researchers who may find Attitudes Toward Rape useful as a reference guide to the proliferation of studies on rape." --Irina Anderson in BPS Psychology of Women Section Newsletter A probing examination of popular perceptions about sexual violence, this volume provides a critical review of empirical research on rape myths and attitudes. The author draws on case studies, surveys, experiments, and fieldwork to explore how rape is defined; who is seen as responsible for sexual assault; and how rape can be prevented. The research reveals biased and prejudicial attitudes at both institutional and individual levels toward rape victims. This comprehensive and informed volume concludes by suggesting strategies for changing attitudes through the use of social action research that is designed to raise consciousness and improve services for victims of sexual assault. Essential reading for social and clinical psychologists, Attitudes Toward Rape is also an important reference for those working in counseling and women's studies as well as social work and criminal justice.
The snake in the grass paradigm can be used to differentiate child sex offenders from sex offenders with adult victims and from community controls
Statistical linkage of stranger rapes using offence features
Sexualities : identities, behaviors, and society
Crimes of sexual nature perpetrated by adult females against males constitutes a serious problem in our society. A woman can rape a man, and this crime occurs far more often than most imagine. This book addresses an entire range of crimes beyond just rape, however; stalking, sexual harassment, and sexual assault, and sexual coercion are all covered in detail. The book illuminates the long-overlooked subject of adult female against adult male sex crimes. Combining personal accounts, information on criminal cases, relevant research on adult female against adult male sexual offenses, and statistical data from the FBI and other government sources, the authors comprehensively document how some women can be aggressive sexual predators, just like their male counterparts; highlight the changes in the criminal behavior of women; and provide fascinating stories of true crime as well as shocking revelations about human behavior.
Treating survivors of satanist abuse
Sexual transgression in the Hebrew Bible
Dinah's lament : the biblical legacy of sexual violence in Christian interpretation
City of sin : London and its vices
Child abuse & the law
This book provides a detailed analysis of Islamic juristic writings on the topic of rape and argues that classical Islamic jurisprudence contained nuanced, substantially divergent doctrines of sexual violation as a punishable crime. The work centers on legal discourses of the first six centuries of Islam, the period during which these discourses reached their classical forms, and chronicles the juristic conflict over whether or not to provide monetary compensation to victims. Along with tracing the emergence and development of this conflict over time, Hina Azam explains evidentiary ramifications of each of the two competing positions, which are examined through debates between the Ḥanafī and Mālikī schools of law. This study examines several critical themes in Islamic law, such as the relationship between sexuality and property, the tension between divine rights and personal rights in sex crimes, and justifications of victim's rights afforded by the two competing doctrines.
Against our will : men, women and rape
The trauma myth : the truth about the sexual abuse of children - and its aftermath
Sexual violence has been practiced against women during armed conflicts since the beginning of warfare, but until recently the international community perceived and accepted such gender-based abuse as an inevitable byproduct of war. Rape and other forms of sexual abuse have been explicitly or implicitly prohibited by most international and regional human rights and humanitarian laws for decades. Almost every country in the world has ratified and signed one or more of these instruments and, therefore, has obligations under multiple treaties to protect women against sexual violence during armed conflict. Yet rape remains the least condemned war crime.
European data collection on sexual offences against minors
Sexual health, human rights and the law
This book reveals the fundamental role rape played in promoting Dutch solidarity from 1609-1725. Through the identification of particular enemies, it directed attention away from competing regional, religious, and political loyalties. Patriotic Protestant authors highlighted atrocities committed by the Spanish and lower class criminals. They conversely cast Dutch men as protectors of their wives and daughters - an appealing characterization that allowed the Dutch to take pride in a sense of moral superiority and justify the Dutch Revolt. After the conclusion of peace with Spain in 1648, marginalized authors, including Catholic priests and literary women, employed depictions of rape to subtly advance their own agendas without undermining political stability. Rape was thus essential in the development and preservation of a common identity that paved the way for the Dutch defeat of the mighty Spanish empire and their rise to economic pre-eminence in Europe.
Children, sexuality, and the law
This report demonstrates the relationship between sexual health, human rights and the law. Drawing from a review of public health evidence and extensive research into human rights law at international, regional and national levels, the report shows how states in different parts of the world can and do support sexual health through legal and other mechanisms that are consistent with human rights standards and their own human rights obligations.
Women and international law: rape and sexual abuse as crimes against humanity and war crimes
Sex, crime and society
Manual for the sexual violence risk - 20 : professional guidelines for assessing risk of sexual violence
Sex crimes investigation : catching and prosecuting the perpetrators
The illegal business of human trafficking
Serial murder and the psychology of violent crimes
The sexual exploitation of children
A community-based approach to the reduction of sexual reoffend : circles of support and accountability
"Son" : a psychopath and his victims
Sexuality matters
Crime goes underground ; Receiving stolen goods ; Restraining orders in Sweden ; The online sexual solicitation by adults of children in Sweden ; Threats and violence against prison and probation service staff
Undoing harm : international perspectives on interventions for men who use violence against women
Death mask
Secret slave : kidnapped and abused for 13 years : this is my story of survival
Working with sex offenders in prisons and through release to the community
Rape : sex, violence, history
Endowed : regulating the male sexed body
The sex myth : why everything we're told is wrong
This book stands as a unique document of the history, politics and sociology of rape and the inherent and ungrained inequality of men and women under the law.
Women and rape
Evidence-based nursing practice ; Enhancing health care through innovative nursing practice
Public thinking about sexual assault over the last two decades has changed dramatically for the better. Activists in rape crisis centers can claim a feminist success story, but not always as they would choose. Through her study of six rape crisis centers in Los Angeles, Nancy Matthews shows how the State has influenced rape crisis work by supporting the therapeutic aspects of the anti-rape movement's agenda, and pushing feminist rape crisis centers towards conventional frameworks of social service provision, while ignoring the feminist political agenda of transforming gender relations and preventing rape.
Victims and opinions. 2
Patterns in forcible rape
From violence to caring : gendered and sexualized violence as the challenge on the life-span : abstracts
Consuming the Congo : war and conflict minerals in the world's deadliest place
