http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p601 geography
geography
Essays on migration
The land of a thousand lakes
Where lies the horizontal scientist?
Geography yesterday and tomorrow
Wood and Carpenter's Our environment : how we use and control it
Implementing Open Access mandates in Europe : OpenAIRE Study on the Development of Open Access Repository Communities in Europe
Habla Español? : the growing number of Spanish speaking Nordic Americans
National geographic traveler : e-lehti
Europe and the British Isles
The God delusion
Geography in the twentieth century : a study of growth, fields, techniques, aims and trends
Carpenter and Wood's Our environment : its relation to us
Australasia : Australia, New Zealand, the Pacific Islands and Antarctica
What determines the timberline?
The languages of the world
Using a botanic garden collection to test a bioclimatic vegetation scheme
Acta Geographica. 19
The article looks at the development of cartographic representations of Finland from a social constructionist perspective. The image of Finland, as portrayed on maps, has contributed significantly to the Finnish nation-building process. As a medium for the dissemination of information, maps have enabled the broad popularisation of the idea of Finland as a unified territory and nation. Maps have also helped to build the sense of Finnishness by representing the country in exclusively Finnish terms, e.g., with Finnish place names. Finally, maps build the sense of a continuous national history by situating political and cultural events and portraying these in a timeless manner. In all, maps are powerful representations that should be assessed as agents of change rather than passive objects.
The dark forest
Text, photographs and illustrations offer a visual narrative of the geographical history of Earth
Naturalistic and existential realms of place in Roseau, Dominica
The Uralic languages
Introduction to astronomy and cosmology
The role of selected non-timber forest products for rural areas in Laos : case studies in Ban Napo and Ban Kouay communities
Death's end
Diversifying foreign trade as a risk insurance device : from cold war bilateral trade to globalized markets
The earth from the air : 365 new days
Some aspects of the geography of Finland
Seven continents
Deconcentration versus spatial clustering: changing population distribution in the Turku urban region, 1980-2005
Land, power and technology : essays on political economy and historical development
Earth : the life of a planet
Tibet and High-Asia
Historical geography
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
Theoretical geography
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
1,001 facts about Planet Earth
Towards a Nordic competition state? Politico-economic transformation of statehood in Finland, 1965-2005
Inferno
Suomi : the land of the Finns
The southern continents
Enchanting Australia
The earth from the air
Technology foresight in scalar innovation systems: a spatiotemporal process perspective
Palaeoenvironments of the Pliopithecoid primates : new evidence from the middle Miocene locality Damiao, Inner Mongolia, China
Comment on Professor Ronald F. Abler's speech.
Concise world atlas
I'm good at geography : what job can I get?
England ..in pictures
Boundary changes in a rural-urban fringe
The Wiley-Blackwell companion to cultural geography
The aim of this article is to answer the question, "What are the prerequisites for the success of Finland's regions and smaller areas, when barriers to trade are being lowered and Finland is integrated into the international economy?" The answer is based on a study where regional success factors are defined primarily on the basis of Porter's concept of "the competitive advantage of nations." Empirical findings and observations on the most important locational factors of industrial firms in the modern regional economy add to this definition. The success factors are grouped into two blocks: (1) economic activities (five variables), and (2) locational factors of industrial firms (eight variables). Both blocks of variables are analysed with the help of principal components analysis. On the basis of the regional values produced by the first principal component of both blocks, the regions and small economic areas are grouped into four categories that represent their respective competitive advantage. This is done by means of cluster analysis.Uusimaa, the southernmost region of Finland that includes the capital city Helsinki, is in the best position and has the best prerequisites for success. The next regions are Southwest Finland with its main centre Turku and the Tampere region (Pirkanmaa). South Ostrobothnia, North Karelia, South Savo, and Central Ostrobothnia have the weakest prerequisites of all nineteen regions. The disparities within the regions are often considerable. The core area of the region is generally in the best position. After the Helsinki area, the small economic areas of Turku, Tampere, Oulu, and Jyväskylä are in a good position, followed by Vaasa, Kuopio, Lahti, and Pori. Related studies carried out in the latter part of the 1990s confirm these results almost without exception. The results suggest that the polarisation of Finland's regional economy continues. The new national regional development program, approved by the Finnish government for the period 2001-2006, supports this view of the future.
Changing definitions of Asia
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Speech at the inauguration ceremony of the new building of the Department of Geography of the University of Helsinki.
South Africa
The world in review : a geographic perspective
The I used to know that activity book : stuff you forgot from school
Aluminium chemistry in ploughed podzolic forest soils
Acta Geographica. 16
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Singapore 1 - the town of lion
The quiet invasion
One world divided : a geographer looks at the modern world
On the road : social aspects of commuting long distances to work
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Great cities of the world
Tourism geography : a new synthesis
Astronomy : a self-teaching guide
An introduction to geography
Acta Geographica. 13
Political geography
Fate of phosphorus in soil during a long term fertilization experiment in southern Finland
Acta Geographica. 18
An outline of American geography
The nightless North : a walk across Lapland
Geographical impacts of financial integration
Greece
The geography of transport systems
Rivers
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
Agricultural geography of Europe and the Near East
Atlas över skärgårds-Finland = Saaristo-Suomen kartasto = Atlas of the archipelago of Southwestern Finland
Becoming locals in a borderland of exiles : sense of place in the stories of Lithuania Minor dwellers
The long Earth
Tide : the science and lore of the greatest force on earth
The Finland year book. 1936
The landscape of the Karelian Isthmus and its imagery since 1944.
Geographies of Development: an Introduction to Development Studies remains a core, balanced and comprehensive introductory textbook for students of Development Studies, Development Geography and related fields. This clear and concise text encourages critical engagement by integrating theory alongside practice and related key topics throughout. It demonstrates informatively that ideas concerning development have been many and varied and highly contested - varying from time to time and from place to place. With a new colour layout and in-chapter features such as Key Ideas, Boxed Case Studies and Summaries, students will find this an easy-to-use text which will focus them on the most important information in this area of study.
Sketch of the geology of Spitzbergen
Recent trends in mining activity in the upper peninsula of Michican and their effect on regional development
Finland : the land of a thousand lakes
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
Global geography
Atlas of adventures
Globalization and African economics
South Korea
Wild islands
The nature of geography : a critical survey of current thought in the light of the past
Forest inventory-based large-scale forest biomass and carbon budget assessment : new enhanced methods and use of remote sensing for verification
Discovering Latvia
The United States of America : a state-by-state guide
Geography in Lithuania : special issue for the 28th International Geographical Congress on "Land, Sea and Human Effort"
Landscapes of a new cultural economy of space
The northern continents
The heritage crusade and the spoils of history
The purpose of the book is to tie together various perspectives, insights and constructions pertaining to contemporary landscapes and landscape representations from different theoretical and methodological positions as well as from diverse geographical and historical contexts in order to elucidate and illustrate processes of cultural transformation inscribed in space. The unifying theme, as well as the main goal and prospective contribution then, lies in the exploration of these developing forces and characteristics of the new cultural economy of space in the contemporary landscape(s).The primary objective of bringing together geographical perspectives from various subdisciplinary fields is to examine and discuss ways in which the complexities of this newly-emerging cultural economy of space are applied on various sorts of landscapes, i.e. urban and rural landscapes, landscapes of everyday life, landscapes of tourism and recreation, postcolonial and hybrid landscapes, landscapes of economic production, landscapes of the street and of public life, "national landscapes" and so on. The overarching question, thus, is: how do these processes work in different geographical contexts and contribute to place and landscape creation?
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Acta Geographica. 8
Geography and man's environment
In this paper we discuss the concept of scalar innovation systems in the Nordic countries. We use empirical examples of a transnational foresight project, and provide a literature-based formulation of a scalar innovation system model that combines temporal and spatial dimensions. Our research examples show that geographical scaling brings forth new research problems and approaches for the development of innovation systems. We claim that understandings of the effects of geographical scaling are a critical element in the innovation landscape. These spatiotemporal interconnections comprise the essence of "scales" in this text. We conclude by addressing the key dimensions that are the basis for theoretical assessment of spatially bound innovation systems.
The changing nature of geography
Heritage has burgeoned over the past quarter of a century from a small elite preoccupation into a major popular crusade. Everything from Disneyland to the Holocaust Museum, from the Balkan wars to the Northern Irish troubles, from Elvis memorabilia to the Elgin Marbles bears the marks of the cult of heritage. In this acclaimed 1998 book David Lowenthal explains the rise of this obsession with the past and examines its power for both good and evil.
GIS for dummies
Communities as factors of social geography : the Finnish rural settlements in the vicinity of Thunder Bay, Ontario
Acta Geographica. 4
Scholars have most often concentrated on the retention and upkeep of native languages along with the trend in assimilation to American society and the dominant English language. Seldom have we studied other languages that are spoken and maintained by the immigrant communities. This paper examines new data available through the Minnesota Population Center and the newly developed Integrated Public Use Microdata Series (IPUMS) data base. By analyzing past and current U.S. Census data, distinct trends in languages spoken at home are encountered helping us project changes to come in years ahead. Questions of dominant languages across the United States reveal that Spanish speaking Nordic Americans are increasing at high rates. Regional clustering of Spanish speakers and surprising fi ndings as to the rank of each national language within each ethnic group are investigated. These findings are significant in helping us gain a better understanding of the changing linguistic practices of each Nordic group.
The ubiquity of mouthings in NGT : a corpus study
Many urban regions in developed countries have experienced major changes during the past few decades. The deconcentration trend of urban regions has been accompanied with new processes where traditional monocentric cities have been replaced by increasingly polycentric urban constellations. This study seeks to present evidence on how Finnish urban regions have developed in recent decades using the Turku urban region as an example. The results show that the Turku urban region has indeed become more polycentric when population distribution is considered. Global socio-demographic trends, the housing careers of young families and municipal planning policies were found to affect the changing population distribution. The paper is concluded by highlighting the importance of scale in the development of Finnish urban regions. The fundamental factor in urban regional dynamics seems to be a conflict in scale, in which demographic processes influence the urban spatial structure on the regional scale whereas planning practices have predominantly effects on the municipal scale.
Phylogeography and population genetics of social parasitism in Myrmica ants
Carpenter and Wood's Our environment : how we adapt ourselves to it
Finland : a country of lakes and wildernes
Knowledge, space, economy
Basic dimensions on trade and service functions and their spatial aspects in Michigan
The Finnish outlook, East and West
Common knowledge about Chinese geography = Zhongguo dili changshi
Maatalous 45:3, yleinen maatalouslaskenta v. 1950 = Lanthushållning = 1950 census of agriculture. Osa = Del = Part 3, Metsälötilasto = Skogsbruksenhetsstatistik = Statistics of forest enterprises
Acta Geographica. 7
Migration trends of older aged persons in Minnesota
NGP yearbook 2002
Off the map : lost space, feral places and invisible cities and what they tell us about the world
An island in time : the biography of a village
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
The African rain forest during the Last Glacial Maximum, an archipelago of forests in a sea of grass
Geographical diffusion theory
Glacier cave observations on Llewellyn Glacier, British Columbia
The institutionalization of regions : theory and comparative case studies
Great rivers of the world
Systematics and biogeography of Aralia L. (Araliaceae) : revision of Aralia Sects. Aralia, Humiles, Nanae, and Sciadodendron
Landscape mosaic in the treeline ecotone on Mt Rodjanoaivi, Subarctic Finland
Countries
The geography of Ireland
A handbook of Scotland's coasts
This paper traces the correlation between the functions of landscape, its dynamics under its human influences and the dominant images of its terrain. A great deal of attention is given to Vyborg Karelia - the part of the Karelian Isthmus ceded by Finland to the Soviet Union in 1940. The author considers the consequences on the landscape of population exchange and settlement after 1944, alterations in landscape due to increased recreation, forest protection, the abandonment of agricultural lands, bog drainage and open-cut mining. The conclusions reached concerning the landscape imagery of the region are based chiefly on an analysis of texts and pictures from between the 1950s and the 1980s, and the author's observations and research data. Predominantly examined is the perception of the residents of Leningrad (now St. Petersburg) as being the widest human cross-section vis-à-vis Vyborg Karelia at the period under examination. The radical changes in its imagery during the postwar period were wrought by: 1) great alterations in landscape functions and land use; 2) the loss of historical recollection of past landscapes in the present population; and 3) the strong ideologization of landscape perception during the Soviet period. An integral image, dominating up to now, embodies the principally "recreational model" of landscape development, one which is not completely adequate to the present state of the landscape. During the post-Soviet period, regional imagery becomes more complex and contradictory in regard to the increased transitional function of the Isthmus as a bridge between Russia and the European Union.
We live in an era of rapid transformation of the European states, which are taking new forms rather than disappearing or being hollowed out. This transformation inescapably touches upon the question of the interaction between a state and its territory. Since there is a growing need to conceptualize this change in statehood from a historical perspective on various margins of Europe, this paper aims at providing a context-sensitive theorization of the gradual transformation of the spatiality of the Keynesian welfare state in Finland. The arguments presented are authenticated by reference to documents on Finnish public investment policy as evidence of the changes in state strategies from the 1960s onwards. The paper concludes that the change from "regimes of security political survival" to "regimes of survival in international economic competition" has inevitably influenced the relationship between the Finnish state and its territory. It also suggests, however, that inertia caused by the embedded spatial culture of the welfare state has hindered the development of a truly international competition state characterized by economic efficiency rather than territorial and social equalization. We therefore conceptualize the contemporary condition of Finnish statehood as spatially promiscuous, in that the Finnish state is becoming an increasingly complex combination of the marketplace model (the glocal state) and one nation politics (territorial integrity).
Ask me anything
A sketch-map geography for school certificate
Estimation of greenhouse gas balance for forestry-drained peatlands
Temperature sensitivity of soil organic matter decomposition in boreal soils
Physical geography : selected readings
The nature of the environment : an advanced physical geography
The competitive advantage of regions and small economic areas. The case of Finland
The trends and geography of nanotechnological research
Academic writing for international students of business
The land and people of Finland / by Erick Berry
Geography : a modern synthesis
Collins children's world atlas
INTRODUCTION TO PHYSICAL GEOGRAPHY
This paper presents a study of trends in nanotechnology, indicating regional development efforts, based on analyses of scientific publications from 17 countries, divided in two sets: seven key countries (USA, France, Germany, Japan, United Kingdom, Canada and Spain) and ten competitor-countries (Brazil, India, China, Australia, South Africa, Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Israel and Mexico), from 1994 to 2004. A search in the Web of Science database was undertaken, utilizing 51 terms selected by experts in nanotechnology. A master dataset with almost 140,000 registers was created and scientific indicators were produced through data and text mining tools and a competitive intelligence approach. In the key countries, it was possible to discern the quantity of publications from the USA (21,769), followed by Japan (10,883). Within the per-country analysis, in the case of the USA, for example, the most frequently used terms are "nanoparticulates", "nanotube", "quantum dot", "nanocrystal" and/or "nanostructure". China has the best position in the competitor countries. Brazil is the best in the Latin America, and represents 5.7% of the competitor-country publications, with 1066 papers, and &ldquo;quantum dot&rdquo; is the most frequently term used for the representative Brazilian universities.
Financial markets are usually seen as forerunners in globalization, since the immaterial and weightless nature of finance seems to make geography less relevant than in most other industries. This picture of finance as the most global of businesses, however, is only partly true. For some parts of the financial markets, geography has lost its importance already a long time ago, but there are others where international and regional integration is still incomplete and on-going. Globally, the most important of the on-going processes is the financial opening up of the big emerging market economies, which poses huge challenges for international policy coordination and the development of institutions; at the European level, retail banking markets and payments systems are still very fragmented and a lot of work is needed to achieve the goal of a single market at least in the euro area. Finally, at the subnational level, the impact of financial integration is mostly felt through the changes in the variety of services and customer relationships available to SME's and households. At each of these levels, financial integration holds great promise in terms of growth, efficiency and economic opportunities, but also requires significant adjustments in public policy and private business performance.
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
Geographies of development : an introduction to development studies
Acta Geographica. 15
Country-scale carbon accounting of the vegetation and mineral soils of Finland
Acta Geographica. 17
A periphery lost: the representation of Karelia in Finnish national landscape imagery
The article reflects how Karelia has been represented as a national periphery in Finnish national landscape imagery, understood as a dynamic system of social representations defining Finland as national space. Karelia may be likened to other national peripheries, analysed among others by Robert Shields as liminal zones allegedly at the margins of society. The particular aspects of Karelian landscape occurring in popular landscape imagery are discussed. It is pointed out how these anchor Karelia to a variety of contexts, of which Karelianist imagery originating from art constitutes only one. Similarly the ideological roles of Karelian landscape have varied, starting from the didactic narratives of Zachris Topelius and ending up in the post-war and post-Soviet Karelian revivals. However, the present-day Karelian landscape is a nostalgic construction, transferring the liminal zone outside history.
The role of terpenes in carbon and nitrogen cycling in boreal forest soils
A geography of Norden : Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden
Splendour of earth : an anthology of travel
I wonder why countries fly flags : and other questions about people and places
Geography among the sciences
Horrible geography of the world
The "questione meridionale" in southern Italy
Application of futures methods in urban planning processes in Dublin
Isotopic tracers and the fate of dissolved carbon in natural and artificial water systems
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Acta Geographica. 1
Geography : an integrated approach
Geographical magazine
Land of the 500 Million : a geography of China
Geography
Spatial and temporal representativeness of water monitoring efforts in the Baltic Sea coast of SW Finland
A short history of nearly everything
Finland : the republic farthest North : the response of Finnish life to its geographic environment
Here be dragons : how the study of animal and plant distributions revolutionized our views of life and earth
The groundwork of modern geography
Russia: federal provinces and regions : geography, mineral wealth, history, population, religion, government, economy, social sphere, sights, development strategy : encyclopedia
Geographical survey
NGP Yearbook 2008 : geographical reflections from the North
Introduction to geography : student study map/art notebook
National Geographic atlas of China
City
Traditional in situ surface water sampling produces accurate information on water chemistry and biology. Such sampling is conducted primarily as part of water quality monitoring programmes. If sufficiently consistent, the once collected water quality data could also provide valuable resources for subsequent use in scientific research and long-term monitoring. We examined the spatial and temporal coherence of the archived data resources stored in the environmental information system of the Finnish Environmental Administration (the Hertta-PIVET register). We used phytoplankton chlorophyll-a and primary productivity data collected during 1971-2006 as sample resources for environmental studies on the highly fragmented SW coast of Finland (Northern Baltic Sea). 733 sampling stations were categorized according to the total number of sampling days, the consistence of sampling, the number of representative years and the continuity of sampling. Considerable spatial and temporal inconsistencies were observed, making the accumulated data resources rather unsuitable for many types of environmental studies. Synchronization of sampling activities could improve the representativeness of spatial and temporal coverage of regional sampling. Strategic planning of sampling is required to achieve more concerted data generation activities and to facilitate long-term spatially representative analyses.
Rockfalls, landslides, and creep in the Canaries
An historical and political geography of Europe
Spatial variation of benthic macroinvertebrate biodiversity in boreal streams : biogeographic context and conservation implications
Painting the volcanic landscape of early Fennoscandia : geochronology of the Meso- and Neoarchaean Suomussalmi-Kuhmo-Tipasjärvi greenstone complex, Karelia Province, Finland
This paper deals with the Uralic languages, their regional distribution and relationship with one another. The Uralic languages are spoken in a large area in North and Central Eurasia. Most of the Uralic languages are seriously endangered minority languages - only Finnish, Hungarian, and Estonian are principal national languages spoken in independent countries. Despite being relatives, the Uralic languages differ remarkably from one another. In the west, the Uralic languages have had most intensive relationships with Indo-European languages, and in the east, with Turkic languages. The differences within the language group carry information regarding these contacts. In the research of the Uralic languages, the proto-languages and the original home of the peoples speaking these languages have attracted particular interest. Comparative and historical methods and archaeology have been important in the research of the history of the Uralic languages.
Political instability, gender discrimination, and population growth in developing countries
In Memoriam: Roser Majoral
Asia : a handbook
Electronic capital : economic and social geographies of digitalization
Fennia : international journal of geography
Patterns in our planet : concepts and themes in geography
Elements of geography
The changing worlds of geography : a critical guide to concepts and methods
"With the scope of Dune and the rousing action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to2 8xperience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. In Dark Forest, Earth is reeling from the revelation of a coming alien invasion--in just four centuries' time. The aliens' human collaborators may have been defeated, but the presence of the sophons, the subatomic particles that allow Trisolaris instant access to all human information, means that Earth's defense plans are totally exposed to the enemy. Only the human mind remains a secret. This is the motivation for the Wallfacer Project, a daring plan that grants four men enormous resources to design secret strategies, hidden through deceit and misdirection from Earth and Trisolaris alike. Three of the Wallfacers are influential statesmen and scientists, but the fourth is a total unknown. Luo Ji, an unambitious Chinese astronomer and sociologist, is baffled by his new status. All he knows is that he's the one Wallfacer that Trisolaris wants dead"-- Provided by publisher
Book of cities
Introduction to geography
In recent years, cities and urban regions have been increasingly applying various forms of strategic planning and future-oriented approaches in order to respond to the challenges posed by contemporary change, competition between cities, a sustainability agenda, the transformation of urban governance and others. Exercises employing futures methods usually vary as they are set in specific contexts, are driven by different motivations and objectives and use diverse methodological approaches. Despite the differences, many of these projects are faced by similar problems arising from the innovativeness and fragility of the procedures used.This paper presents three exercises undertaken in Dublin, in which futures approaches were employed at the urban region, municipal authority and local community level. Through the demonstration and examination of these projects, the authors aim to contribute to the ongoing conversation about a more effective use of futures methods in urban planning processes. The exercises are discussed in regard to their origins, methodologies, participation, and outcomes and outputs. The authors attempt to critically review the exercises, and building upon the lessons learned, to draw together a range of practical recommendations for the application of futures methods in the urban planning process.
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
National geographic : e-lehti
Russian land, Soviet people : a geographical approach to the U.S.S.R
Both the northern (latitudinal) and the upper (altitudinal) timberlines are phytogeographic transitions between the forested boreal vegetation zone and treeless areas. These two timberlines, which intermingle in northern Fennoscandia, are mainly controlled by the cold climate, although other natural and anthropogenic factors are of noticeable importance at least locally. The roles of the various controlling factors are discussed in this article. The timberline and tree line in northern Finland are usually formed by the mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa), which extends further than the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) or the Norway spruce (Picea abies). The northern coniferous timberline in Finland follows approximately an isoline that represents an effective temperature sum of 600 degree days. Hazardous events also regulate the growth and occurrence of trees in addition to average conditions. Trees growing at the timberline have adapted themselves in many ways to the prevailing harsh circumstances. Pollen research and megafossil analyses (such as tree ring studies) show that the timberline has moved and its tree species composition has changed, primarily due to climatic fluctuations. This is one clear indication that the timberline is a dynamic 'combat zone'.
The adventures of Earth : climb, sail and explore our amazing planet
Finland and its geography : an American Geographical Society handbook
United Kingdom
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
The world : a general geography
Risk and opportunity : managing risk for development
Stockholm studies in human geography
The cultural geography of Kalevala, a finnish immigrant community in Michigan
Matching community needs with university R&D : Dutch science shops
Our future earth : how the planet will change in the next 100,000 years
Geographical essays
Mapping the historical sense of Finland
Modern Papua New Guinea
From colonization to cyberspace - some challenges for contemporary geography
The demographic structures and settlement patterns of Finland have evolved during the past 10,000 years. During this time the population has grown to its present size of almost 5.2 million through phases of fast and slow increase, and occasional periods of decrease.Changes in the settlement pattern have accompanied the population growth. From the twelfth to the middle of the twentieth century, the general trend was a continuous dispersion of settlement from the southern core areas. The most significant twentieth-century redistributions of the population happened in connection with the resettling of over 400,000 refugees after World War II, and the Great Move in the 1960s and 1970s from rural to urban areas and to Sweden.Finland remained a predominantly rural country until the 1960s. Structural changes within primary production and an increasingly international economy set into motion a regional concentration of the population. Today over 80 percent of the population lives in densely built areas covering only 2.2 percent of the land area.The population's age structure and the current level of natural reproduction will lead to a fast population decrease beginning in the 2020s. The work force will decrease from 2010 onward. These demographic problems will damage the future economy and competitiveness of Finland, unless immigration is encouraged and actively supported.
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
Reactivity of silicate liming materials from Northern Europe assessed by Soil Incubation and two pH Stat methods
Geographical information systems and science
Caribbean Islands
The objective of this paper is to differentiate the landscape in the treeline ecotone in Subarctic Finland with an examination of its mosaic structure and functional role in treeline dynamics. Highly varying topography is a key factor controlling drainage conditions, vegetation, local climates and soils. Natural drainage classes, soil data (pH, Corg, Nt, C/N ratio, moisture) and dominant vegetation were used to characterize site conditions and to show the grouping of six representative sites along a synthetic topographical transect (model). The abrupt increase in soil moisture and pH values at the distal end of the lowest zones indicates a relatively sharp and ecologically important limit between well drained sites (ridge tops, upper valley side, interfluves) and valleys with both poorly and very poorly drained sites. Remains of birch wood in wind-scarps, hummocks and peaty layers give evidence of former open birch forest in present treeless sites. Forest decline has enforced the contrasts in site conditions between windswept and snow accumulating topography. The landscape mosaic and resultant site conditions are strongly influencing treeline dynamics and consequently, the landscape mosaic needs to be carefully considered when discussing the possible effects of the changing climate in the treeline ecotone.
