http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6013 marital rights to property
marital rights to property
The ties that bind : law, marriage and the reproduction of patriarchal relations
Property and virginity : the christianization of marriage in medieval Iceland 1200-1600
Sharing lives, dividing assets : an inter-disciplinary study
Adultery and divorce in Calvin's Geneva
Money and marriage
Principles of family law
European family law in action. 4, Property relations between spouses
Family law : (Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Parsis and Jews)
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 4, Chapter 4, Persons and family : Interspousal relations
Distribution of matrimonial assets on divorce
International legal instruments relevant to women
Shiʻa marriage law
Law in Afghanistan : a study of the constitutions, matrimonial law and the judiciary
Family law : cases and materials. 2004 supplement
Managing family justice in diverse societies
Cross currents : family law and policy in the United States and England
The family, law and society : cases and materials
Joint parental authority : a comparative legal study on the continuation of joint parental authority after divorce and the breakup of a relationship in Dutch and Danish law and the CEFL principles
The limits of bodily integrity : abortion, adultery, and rape legislation in comparative perspective
The illusion of equality : the rhetoric and reality of divorce reform
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 4, Chapter 3, Persons and family, Formation of marriage
In search of equality : marriage related laws for muslim women in Bangladesh
This volume argues that legislation on abortion, adultery, and rape has been central to the formation of the modern citizen. The author draws on rights literature, bio-political scholarship, and a gender-studies perspective as a foundation for rethinking the sovereign relationship. In approaching the politicization of reproductive space from this direction, the study resituates the role of rights and rights-granting within the sovereign relationship. A second theme running throughout the book explores the international implications of these arguments and addresses the role of abortion, adultery and rape legislation in constructing 'civilizational' relationships. In focusing on the Ottoman Empire, Turkey, France and Italy as case studies, Miller presents a discussion of what 'Europe' is, and the role of sexuality and reproduction in defining it.
The philosophy of right. Vol. 5, Rights in the family
Marriage, separation and divorce
Principles of Hindu law
Marriage law and practice in the long eighteenth century : a reassessment
The marriage law of the People's Republic of China
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 4, Persons and family : chapter 1, introduction
European family law in action. 1, Grounds for divorce
The English marriage : tales of love, money and adultery
Feminism, children and the new families
Marriage and cohabitation in contemporary societies : areas of legal, social and ethical change : an international and interdisciplinary study
Marrying off sons and daughters: attitudes towards the consent of parents and guardians in early modern Sweden
Common core and better law in European family law
Marital agreements and private autonomy : in comparative perspective
The Roman law of marriage
Consent or consummation? : medieval canon and secular law on the making of marriage and marital intercourse
Law and family in late antiquity : the emperor Constantine's marriage legislation
The sexual contract
Marriage rites and rights
Munita coniugia : the emperor Constantine's legislation on marriage and the family
Frontiers of family law
Child custody and the politics of gender
Power over the body, equality in the family : rights and domestic relations in medieval canon law
Roman marriage : Iusti Coniuges from the time of Cicero to the time of Ulpian
Principles of European family law regarding property relations between spouses
Marriage in Europe, 1400-1800
Marriage : an orthodox perspective
Marriage and divorce in comparative conflict of laws : General part, Special part: engagement to marry, concept and form of marriage
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 17, Private international law : Personal effects of marriage
From sacrament to contract : marriage, religion, and law in the Western tradition
Parenthood in modern society : legal and social issues for the twenty-first century
Bromley ́s family law
Child law
Law and practice in matrimonial causes
Family law
Law and social change in Zinacantan
Unintended pregnancy among currently pregnant maried women in Nepal
Marriage Act ; Marriage Degree
To have and to hold : marrying and its documentation in Western Christendom, 400--1600
Marriage at the crossroads : law, policy, and the brave new world of twenty-first-century families
The right to marry and to found a family : a world-wide human right
Trapped in equality : women as legal persons in the modernisation of Finnish law
Family law : cases and materials
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 4, Persons and family : Chapter 5, divorce
Law and drama as means of control in Chester 1500-1575 : an interpretation of Chester Corpus Christi Play of the Woman taken in adultery
"The aim of this book is to explore what response the law has or should have to different family practices arising from cultural and religious beliefs. The issue has become increasingly debated as western countries have become more culturally diverse. Although discussion has frequently focused on the role Islamic family law should have in these countries, this book seeks to set that discussion within a wider context that includes consideration both of theoretical issues and also of empirical data about the interaction between specific family practices and state law in a variety of jurisdictions ranging from England and Wales to Bangladesh, Botswana, Spain, Poland, France, Israel, Iran and South Africa. The contributors to the 17 chapters approach the subject matter from a variety of perspectives, illustrating its complex and often sensitive nature. The book does not set out to propose any single definitive strategy that should be adopted, but provides material on which researchers, advocates and policy makers can draw in furthering their understanding of and seeking solutions to the problems raised by this significant social development"--P. [i]
Marital property regimes : thesis
Comparative law of martimonial property : a symposium at the International faculty of comparative law at Luxembourg on the laws of Belgium, England, France, Germany, Italy and the Netherlands
European family law in action. 2, Maintenance between former spouses
Between betrothal and bedding : marriage formation in Sweden 1200-1600
Framing American divorce : from the revolutionary generation to the Victorians
Everyday life in ancient Egypt : some papers from..
The reform of family law in Europe : (the equality of the spouses, divorce, illegitimate children)
Marriage and family law agreements
Between betrothal and bedding : the making of marriage in Sweden, ca. 1200-1610
Church courts, sex and marriage in England, 1570-1640
Family law. Volume 1, Society and family
Divorce in transnational families : marriage, migration and family law
The scope of the rule locus regit actum in the conflict of laws
Feminism, marriage, and the law in Victorian England
The europeanisation of international family law
Foreign divorces : English law and practice
Principles of European family law regarding divorce and maintenance between former spouses
Christianity changed the culture and society of Iceland, as it also did in other parts of Northern Europe during the twelfth and thirteenth centuries. One of the important areas of change involved the introduction of new rules on the legal requirements for marriage. This book explores the very gradual Christianisation of marriage in Iceland.
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 16, Private international law : Marriage and divorce
Changing contours of domestic life, family and law : caring and sharing
Islamic family law
The status of women under Islamic law and under modern Islamic legislation
Road to divorce : England 1530-1987
