http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p602 Time of Music
Time of Music
"We'll meet again" : songs & music that inspired courage during wartime
Semiotics of musical time
Finnish Music Quarterly 2000:2 : Enfant terrible and Sunday child Uuno Klami at 100
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
Music in late medieval Bruges
Originality in Byzantine literature, art and music
Representing musical time : a temporal-logic approach
The Cambridge history of world music
Doctor Faustus : the life of the German composer Adrian Leverkühn as told by a friend
Sound and symbol. [Vol. 1], Music and the external world
Bestiarium : animals in the music of the Middle Ages
Minstrels. 2 : more medieval music to sing and play
Christmas carols and motets
New Oxford history of music. 2, The early Middle Ages to 1300
Worldes blysse
Companion to medieval and Renaissance music
War songs : Home organist library volume 21.
The Service of Venus and Mars
Songs of chivalry
La's orchestra saves the world
Finnish Music Quarterly 1995:2
The new Oxford history of music. 7, The age of enlightment 1740-1790
BITTER BALLADS : ANCIENT AND MODERN POETRY SUNG TO MEDIEVAL AND TRADITIONAL MELODIES
The time of music : new meanings, new temporalities, new listening strategies
The somnambulist
The early music revival : a history
Minstrels : medieval music to sing and play
Music of the middle ages I
Ideas of time in America
Ancient Voices in Modern Times : Eternal Light - Oulu Early Music Festival Concert
MUSIC IN THE MEDIEVAL WORLD
The war years
Studies in Medieval & Renaissance Music
Man and his music. Part I : Mediaeval and early Renaissance music
The interpretation of early music
Time : perspectives at the millennium
The listener's guide to medieval & renaissance music
A history of song
Time and process : interdisciplinary issues
Bitter Ballads : Ancient and modern poetry sung to medieval and traditional melodies
The Oxford history of western music
Victorian folk songs
Znamennoe i partesnoe penie: analiz ritoričeskih konstrukcij = Znamennyi and partes singing: an analysis of rhetorical models : [učebnoe. posobie]
Aesthetics and the art of musical composition in the German Enlightenment : selected writings of Johann Georg Sulzer and Heinrich Christoph Koch
The Liturgy of the Presanctified Gifts and other Lenten hymns
Medieval and renaissance music : a performers's guide
The New Oxford History of Music. Vol. 3, Ars Nova and the Renaissance 1300 - 1540
Time : the album
Aika & aine = time and matter : compilation of short films and documents
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
English Songs of the Middle Ages
The English girl
Music of the Middle Ages : style and structure
Studies in symbolic interaction
Perspectives of new music. Vol. 30 : "is, with respects to"
Music before the classic era : an introductory guide
Poles apart : two sides to the Finnish musical summer
Music wars 1937-1945
MUSIC IN THE MIDDLE AGES
Medieval polyphony
Great songs of world war II
The pencerdd's toolkit : cognitive and musical hierarchies in medieval Welsh harp music
Reprise : the extraordinary revival of early music
Minstrels : Medieval music to sing and play
Medieval English music
The Lily & the Lamb : Chant & polyphony from medieval England
The rise of music in the ancient world : East and West
The sequences of Nidaros : a Nordic repertory & its European context
Music for the lion-hearted king : music to mark the 800th anniversary of the Coronation of King Richard I of England in Westminster Abbey, 3 September 1189.
An anthology of medieval music : the Norton introduction to music history
Recent contributions to the phenomenology of musical time : a critical survey
