http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6028 Franciscans
Franciscans
Franciscans and preaching : every miracle from the beginning of the world came about through words
The church of Santa Maria Donna Regina : art, iconography, and patronage in fourteenth century Naples
The privilege of poverty : Clare of Assisi, Agnes of Prague, and the struggle for a Franciscan rule for women
The persecution of Peter Olivi
The Franciscan background of early modern rights discussion: rights of property and subsistence
One of the most violent episodes of China's Boxer Uprising was the Taiyuan Massacre of 1900, in which rebels killed foreign missionaries and thousands of Chinese Christians. This first sustained scholarly account of the uprising to focus on Shanxi Province illuminates the religious and cultural beliefs on both sides of the conflict and shows how they came to clash.
Francis's forma vitae for the Fratres Minores, the original rule for the Franciscan Order, was meant to establish peace and equality among people who worked together in a community, yet each using his own particular talent: an ideal that had a short life. At Francis's death, Pope Gregory IX took the opportunity to use Francis's popularity in order to satisfy his political ambition. Despite the protest of Francis's closest brothers and sisters, the ones who had shared the true experience of the order during his life, the Pope changed Francis's forma vitae into something more palatable and useful to the Church. The Franciscan Order became a tool for the Church to reassert control on every issue and in every situation regarding spirituality, religious dogmas, the position of women in society, and material possession. Many of these issues had never been on Francis's agenda. While making Francis a famous saint with a spectacular canonization, at the same time the Church ignored Francis's original and revolutionary concept often deeply opposed to the Church's politics. Thoughts on Francis of Assisi illustrates with historical details the Franciscan Order's makeover devised by the Catholic Church after Francis's death. The Franciscan Order was never what Francis had created. Thoughts on Francis of Assisi is essential reading for graduate course in History, Religious Studies, and Italian Studies.
Creating Clare of Assisi : female Franciscan identities in later medieval Italy
Mendicants and merchants in the medieval Mediterranean
This book is a compelling and balanced history of the California missions and their impact on the Indians they tried to convert. Focusing primarily on the religious conflict between the two groups, it sheds new light on the tensions, accomplishments, and limitations of the California mission experience.James A. Sandos, an eminent authority on the American West, traces the history of the Franciscan missions from the creation of the first one in 1769 until they were turned over to the public in 1836. Addressing such topics as the singular theology of the missions, the role of music in bonding Indians to Franciscan enterprises, the diseases caused by contact with the missions, and the Indian resistance to missionary activity, Sandos not only describes what happened in the California missions but offers a persuasive explanation for why it happened.
The art of the Franciscan Order in Italy
Roger Bacon and the defence of Christendom
Heaven in conflict : Franciscans and the Boxer uprising in Shanxi
Franciscan literature of religious instruction before the Council of Trent
Intellectual traditions at the medieval university : the use of philosophical psychology in Trinitarian theology among the Franciscans and Dominicans, 1250-1350
Prutky's travels in Ethiopia and other countries
"And the rich man also died; and he was buried in hell" : the social ethos in mendicant sermons
Francis of Assisi : early documents. Vol. [4], Index
The history of Franciscan theology
Reform and division in the medieval Franciscan Order : from Saint Francis to the foundation of the Capuchins
Eucharistic presence and conversion in late thirteenth-century Franciscan thought
The early Franciscan movement, 1205-1239 : history, sources and hermeneutics
The spiritual Franciscans : from protest to persecution in the century after Saint Francis
The politics of piety : Franciscan preachers during the wars of religion, 1560-1600
Property rights in the late medieval discussion on Franciscan poverty
The mission of friar William of Rubruck : his journey to the court of the Great Khan Möngke 1253-1255
Poets of divine love : Franciscan mystical poetry of the thirteenth century
A companion to Bonaventure
A theology of the church for the Third Millennium : a Franciscan approach
Light & glory : the transfiguration of Christ in early Franciscan and Dominican theology
Defenders and critics of Franciscan life : essays in honor of John V. Fleming
Thoughts on Francis Of Assisi
The Irish Franciscans, 1651-1665
Franciscan virtue : spiritual growth and the virtues in Franciscan literature and instruction of the thirteenth century
Music in early Franciscan thought
Enjoying close relations with the popes, Franciscans were ideal instruments for the propagation of the reforms of the Fourth Lateran Council of 1215; they were part of the landscape of medieval life, and their influence was felt throughout society, in both the lay and the secular spheres; Franciscans were prominent in the fields of theology, philosophy and science." "Intended for both the general and more specialist reader, this book explores the first two hundred and fifty years of the order's history and charts its rapid growth, development, pastoral ministry, educational organisation, missionary endeavour, and internal tensions and divisions.
In the steps of St. Francis
Franciscan organisation in the Mendicant context : formal and informal structures of the friars' lives and ministry in the Middle Ages
Franciscans in Sweden : medieval remnants of Franciscan activities
The symmetrical patterning in Franciscan writings of the late Middle Ages : a study of the palindromic structuring of language
Property rights in the medieval discussion on Franciscan poverty
Order and disorder : the Poor Clares between foundation and reform
Liturgy, books, and Franciscan identity in medieval Umbria
Francis of Assisi and the feminine
A Handbook on Guadalupe
The Cambridge companion to Francis of Assisi
The poor and the perfect : the rise of learning in the Franciscan order, 1209-1310
The library of the Franciscans of the Convent of St. Antony, Padua, at the beginning of the fifteenth century
Francis of Assisi (1181/82-1226) was one of the most vibrant and colourful personalities in the Middle Ages. The life of this remarkable reformer of the medieval Church was celebrated in art, drama, poetry, music, the new vernacular literature and architecture. His ideal was to enter into a restorative and enriching relationship with Jesus Christ, whom he wished to imitate in the most perfect manner, a direct and immediate goal which captured the contemporary imagination. This Companion explores the life of Francis of Assisi and his enduring legacy throughout the centuries. The first part concentrates on his life and works whilst the second explores the way in which his heritage influenced the apostolic activities of his followers in the century following his death. This book is a must-read for students and scholars of Church history, as well as medieval social and intellectual history.
The millennial kingdom of the Franciscans in the New world
The long road of Father Serra
Princely gifts and papal treasures : the Franciscan mission to China and its influence on the art of the West, 1250-1350
Francis of Assisi : early documents. Vol. 1, The Saint
On the limits of the genre : Roger Roseth as a reader of the sentences
Francis of Assisi : early documents. Vol. 2, The founder
Situado and sabana : Spain's support system for the presidio and mission provinces of Florida
Pope John XXII and his Franciscan cardinal : Bertrand de la Tour and the apostolic poverty controversy
The Franciscans in the Middle Ages
Francis of Assisi : early documents. Vol. 3, The prophet
A history of Franciscan education (c. 1210-1517)
Francis of Assisi
Displeasure in heaven, pleasure in hell : four Franciscan masters on the relationship between love and pleasure, and hatred and displeasure
Converting California : Indians and Franciscans in the missions
The Occitan translations of John XII and XIII-XVII from a fourteenth-century Franciscan codex (Assisi, Chiesa Nuova MS. 9)
The Franciscans in South Germany, 1400-1530 : reform and revolution
A companion to Clare of Assisi : life, writings, and spirituality
