http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6033 environment
environment surroundings
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
Nordic environment : historical and contemporary perspectives
Where lies the horizontal scientist?
Introduction of genetically modified organisms into the environment
Direct energy consumption and CO2 emissions in a Finnish broiler house - a case study
Influence of the upcoming environmental legislation for a corporation's environmental management system
Health and society. : a report from the research survey "Changing health conditions and individual health". 6. Environment and health
Organic food businesses in local alternative agri-food networks in Pirkanmaa region in Finland
Characterization of environmental data : [handbook] = Karakterisering av miljödata. [P. 2], [Data organization and exchange]
Water in the environment
Situation awareness in environmental monitoring : concepts, implementation, applications
Possibilities of enhancing co-operation and co-ordination among MEAs in the biodiversity cluster
Herbivory on willows : abiotic constraints and trophic interactions
Children and families in the social environment
Encyclopedia of global environmental change. 3, Causes and consequences of global environmental change
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2007.
Process-times in the Clean Development Mechanism (CDM) cycle : from validation to registration
Marginal abatement costs for reducing leaching of nitrates in Croatian agriculture
National geographic kids : Espoo
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
Tourism of tomorrow : travel trends and forces of change
The nine elements of a sustainable campus
Earth in the environment
Encyclopedia of global environmental change. 2, The earth system : biological and ecologicall dimensions of global environmental change
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 9, Reactions to environmental agents
A framework for the development of environment statistics
Direct energy (electricity and heating) consumption was measured from one broiler house in southern Finland. CO2 emissions were also calculated. Six broiler flocks were reared per year with an average of 26 000 birds per flock. Heating constituted the major energy input, averaging 1.3 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. It varied greatly between seasons and was highest during the cold period. Using renewable energy for heating remarkably reduces CO2 emissions compared to fossil energy. Electricity consumption averaged 0.08 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. The greatest energy saving potential can be found in heating. CO2 emissions can be lowered to similar levels as in warmer countries by using biofuels for heating. Ventilation control is one possibility for direct energy savings in broiler production. Feed production is one of the key elements when total energy consumption is considered.
The impact of mining on the environment : Proceedings, prepared as part of UNEP/UNESCO/USSR projekt "geology and environment" in two parts, Part I-II
Suitability of RFID based access control system in factory environment
Comment on Professor Ronald F. Abler's speech.
A decision-centred view of environmental planning
Chemistry, health and environment
Radionuclide analysis of environmental field trial samples at STUK : report on Task FIN A 847 of the Finnish Support Programme to IAEA Safeguards
Children's view of their school and an ideal school in China and Finland : a cross cultural case study
Rising ecological awareness in Chinese contemporary art : an analysis of the cultural environment
Sensing Nepal in a Peer Student Created Multi-sensory Environment
Environmental archaeology : principles and practice
Environment and change : the next fifty years
Young Adults’ Environmental Knowledge, Attitudes and Travelling Behavior
Beautiful villages of Beijing
Environmental toxicology : organic pollutants
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Interpretations on behalf of place : environmental displacements and alternative responses
National geographic kids : Helsinki
Environmental compartments : equilibria and assessment of processes between air, water, sediments and biota
Ecosystems and human well-being : synthesis
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Energy, policy, and the environment : modeling sustainable development for the North
Finnair competitive advantage through environmental responsibility
Proceedings from the seminar : manure - an agronomic and environmental challenge. NJF-seminar 372, arranged by NJF sections, soil, water and environment; engineering. Nils Holgersson gymnasiet Skurup, Sweden September 5-6, 2005.
Regenerative design techniques : practical applications in landscape design
EU strategy for the Baltic Sea region : its added value in environmental, social and economic dimensions
Territories of environmental concern
Prediction of adoptee psychiatric disorders by interaction of genetic risk of schizophrenia and communication deviance divided by the word count of adoptive parents
History of environmental economic thought
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the Levantine Middle East
Home lingual environment effect on development : of child's language in multilingual daycare
Suitability of RFID Based Access Control System in Factory Environment
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
Maamme kuva - monitoring the living environment : Ristinummi
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Ympäristöauditointiohjeet : ympäristöauditoijille asetettavat pätevyysvaatimukset = Guidelines for environmental auditing : qualification criteria for environmental auditors
Effects of a rehabilitation program on perceived environmental barriers in older patients recovering from hip fracture; a randomized controlled trial.
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
Environmental challenges in the joint border area of Norway, Finland and Russia
Phytoplankton biomass and its relation to phosphorus loading and thermal conditions in Lake Pääjärvi
Environmental futures : the practice of environmental scenario analysis
Impacts of reducing red meat consumption on agricultural production in Finland
Outokumpu and the environment
Journal of environmental education
Effects of tributyltin on glutathione-metabolizing enzymes and their transcript levels in mammalian carcinoma cells
Finnish relations with Russia 1991-2001 / Better than ever?
Biodiversity management with lobbying and technological change
Public partcipation and oil exploitation in Uganda
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Ubiquitous musics : the everyday sounds that we don't always notice
21st Annual Report 2012 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
Reducing Emissions by Practical Solutions in Port of Mussalo
Property rights and the environment : social and ecological issues
Environmental radioactivity : from natural, industrial, and military sources
Ten practical tips for environmental reporting
Sisällysluettelo: 1 The background  5 2 Aspects of the relation  9 2.1 The Northern Dimension  9 2.2 Economic Relations  13 2.3 Policies on Near-By Areas  20 2.4 Environmental Co-operation  20 2.5 Security: selected aspects  213 Conlusions  23 Sources  24  .
Green logistics in logistics industry in Finland : case:  Inex Partners Oy and Suomen Kaukokiito Oy
Biodiversity and the Power of Metaphor in Environmental Discourse
Shell guide to reading the landscape
Building services engineering
Environmental and energy taxes
This paper summarises the simulated effects on Finnish agricultural production and trade of a 20% decrease in Finnish demand for red meat (beef, pork, lamb). According to our results, reduced red meat consumption would be offset by increased consumption of poultry meat, eggs, dairy products and fish, as well as small increases in consumption of fruits and vegetables, peas, nuts, cereal products and sweets. By including the derived demand changes in an agricultural sector model, we show that livestock production in Finland, incentivised by national production-linked payments for milk and bovine animals, would decrease by much less than 20% due to the complex nature of agricultural production and trade. Overall, assuming unchanged consumer preferences and agricultural policy, a 20% reduction in red meat consumption is not likely to lead to a substantial decrease in livestock production or changed land use, or greenhouse gas emissions, from Finnish agriculture.
Natural environmental change : the last 3 millon years
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Control of chemicals in articles : preliminary report
Soils and environment : soil processes from mineral to landscape scale
Packaging for the environment : a partnership for progress
Guide to environmental analytical methods
Maamme kuva - monitoring the living environment : Gerby
Extending the semiotics of embodied interaction to blended spaces
In this paper, we develop a new way of understanding interactions in blended spaces. We do this by developing ideas about embodied semiotics and then apply these ideas to the analysis of interaction in mixed-reality blended spaces (where the physical world and digital world are blended deliberately to provide new forms of interaction). We discuss how blended spaces provide a new medium within which people have experiences. The semiotic analysis reveals how blended spaces are constructed across the physical and the digital, highlighting the ontology, topology, volatility, and agency present within them. It shows how people move between the physical and digital spaces through the objects and places that anchor them together. Our approach reveals more about the way bodily and higher cognitive functions are brought into play within a holistic interactive experience in which people move physically and conceptually through the layers of experience that make up the interaction.
Development of Natural Gas Hydrate
State of the forests on Olkiluoto Island in 2004 : comparisons between Olkiluoto and the rest of Southwest Finland
E.M. Forster and English place : a literary topography
Science in the early years : building firm foundations from birth to five
Assessing the recreational demand for agricultural land in Finland
Encyclopedia of global environmental change. 4, Responding to global environmental change
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
Extraction and analysis of microbial DNA from soil
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
Nordisk miljø- og fiskeristrategi 1999-2002 = Nordic strategy for the environment and fisheries 1999-2002
Performance of alternative policies in addressing environmental dimensions of multifunctionality
This book sets the questions of energy and the environment in the North in the global context and further addresses historical developments, views on energy taxation and tariffs, and effects of EU energy policy. Climate change appears more frequently than ever on the top of global and national policy agendas. In the current situation traditional environmental concern and environmental policy may not suffice in the face of the global challenge as manifested by climate change and the depletion of fossil energy resources. But as new data comes to light, new energy policies and changes in economic structures are crucial for putting into action global climate policy. Crucial tasks in environmental policy are the sustainable utilisation of natural resources and the conservation of natural and human-made habitats. One of the areas of the world where this comes into play the most is in the Nordic countries. Northern societies are predominantly high tech, high consumption and high energy supply societies. And with the transition from older energy sources (wood for heating and stream water for power production) to newer ones (oil and nuclear energy) discussions on the environmental impact have led to public and corporate action. The Northern countries have been at the forefront in finding sustainable alternatives to solve conflicts arising from the rise in energy needs. However, these countries have taken different pathways with different policies in attempting to achieve this. As the needs and concerns from climate change arise, a Northern dimension, involving policies that contrast to European and global trends, emerges. "Energy, Policy, and the Environment: Modeling Sustainable Development for the North" explores that dimension.
Opportunities for reducing environmental emissions from forage-based dairy farms
Roads, Indians and the environment in the Amazon : from Central Brazil to the Pacific Ocean
Logistics Service Providers Going Green : A Framework for Developing Green Service Offerings
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
A Business Plan of Teahouse in Helsinki, Finland
Intraspecific variation in brain size and architecture : population divergence and phenotypic plasticity
Sustainable property development : a guide to real estate and the environment
Environmental mobility barriers and walking for errands among older people who live alone vs. with others
Locality and identity : environmental issues in law and society
National geographic Interactive : e-lehti
Eco-justice : linking human rights and the environment
Geology and the environment
In this paper, I consider biodiversity management in an economy where the conservation of land yields utility through biodiversity, firms improve their e±ciency through in-house R&D and local interest groups lobby the government over environmental policy. I compare three cases: Laissez-faire, the regulation of land use and subsidies to the conservation of land. The results are the following. Laissez-faire yields Pareto sub-optimal, but direct regulation Pareto optimal allocation of resources, with political contributions to the government. A shift from direct regulation to conservation subsidies decreases biodiversity and the growth rate.
The Environmental Dictionary EnDic covers a wide field of environmental protection and nature conservation - e.g. such fields as meteorology, hydrology, environmental engineering, water supply and wastewater treatment, waste management, and the environmental policy of the EU.
Consumers' perceptions of ethical products
A sourcebook for environmental education : a practical review based on the Belgrade Charter
Reindeer talk : Sámi reindeer herding and nature management
Torrefied wood pellets as an alternative fuel to coal : climate benefits and social desirability of production and use
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Environment, ethics and the corporation
Ympäristöauditointiohjeet : yleiset periaatteet : standardi = Guidelines for environmental auditing : general principles
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
Colors in context
Authority, responsibility and justice in environmental politics : papers from the 8. Nordic environmental social science research conference June 18-20, 2007 : Workshop 1
Dynamic eco-efficiency analysis : a Malmquist index approach
Multicultural TeKu : the international learning environment at Savonia
National geographic (eng) : Vantaa
Environmental impact assessment : theory and practice
How to measure the environmental risks from uses of plant protection products for achieving the IPM requirements and risk communication : a case study on the production chain of cereal farming in Finland
Workshop on effects of pulp mill bleaching effluents on the northern receiving waters : Espoo, Finland June 1-5, 1981
Ireland's wild Atlantic way
What kind of values could be recognised in green messages, with special emphasis on children
Survey of environment statistics : frameworks, approaches and statistical publications
BFU research bulletin
Does scale matter? : cost-effectiveness of agricultural nutrient abatement when target level varies
ISO 14001 implementation manual
Radionuclide analysis of environmental field trial samples at STUK. 2, Second report on task FIN A 847 of the Finnish support programme to IAEA safeguards
A systematic literature review on social work considering environmental issues and sustainable development
A marketing strategy for soundly sleeping dragon in the Finnish market : case: Tan Minh Single Women Cooperative
Future Environmental Legislation in the South Pacific
Balanced Scorecard for Olvi Plc
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2009-2012
We can help the environment
World watch : Helsinki
The scope and limits of implicit visual change detection
Integrating intelligent sensors into the EVO distributed intelligence platform
City
Jiuzhaigou, Huanglong si ji jingcui = Cream of Jiuzhaigou valley and Huanglong in four seasons = Kyūsaikō, kōryū no shiki no sui
Feasibility of paper mulches in crop production : a review
List of publications : human dimensions of environmental change
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
A green history of the world
Environmental sampling for trace analysis
Livestock environment II : proceedings of the 2nd international livestock environment symposium, April 20-23, 1982, Scheman Center, Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa
Ympäristöauditointiohjeet : yleiset periaatteet = Guidelines for environmental auditing : general principles
The Baltic environment, food and health: from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Bees in urban community gardens : local versus landscape determinants
Ireland's coast
Spectral imaging from UAVs under varying illumination conditions
Use and Management of Music in High-End Restaurants in Helsinki
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Introducing Tanzania as a potential market for Finnish companies
National geographic : e-lehti
Environmental radioactivity
The human habitat : aesthetic and axiological perspectives
Digest of environmental statistics
Measuring environment across the life span : emerging methods and concepts
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
Rooftop vegetables and urban contamination : trace elements and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in crops from Helsinki
Consumption and Environment
Encyclopedia of global environmental change. 5, Social and economic dimensions of global environmental change
Energy and environmental studies since 1996.
New ecological energy solutions and its business opportunities for the Finnish boat industry
Personality traits in the blue tit
Introducing social semiotics
Mulching has become an important practice in modern field production. This article reviews the published research on paper mulches and discusses the opportunity that they offer for solving the problems of the immense use of plastics in agriculture and the associated environmental threat. Paper mulches break down naturally after usage and incorporate into the soil. Laying paper mulches in large scale farming is a problem to be solved. The quality of the paper needs to be adapted or improved for mulching purposes, and its price needs to be more competitive with that of plastic mulches. The review shows that there is considerable potential for using paper mulches in agriculture and horticulture.
Political obligation and ecological citizenship
Directory of environment statistics
Sport and the environment : awareness raising, education, training
Geology and the Environment
Cognitive and attributional strategies of American and Finnish young adults
Popular(ized) environmental rhetoric : a toulminian approach
Modern dairy production is inevitably associated with impacts to the environment and the challenge for the industry today is to increase production to meet growing global demand while minimising emissions to the environment. Negative environmental impacts include gaseous emissions to the atmosphere, of ammonia from livestock manure and fertiliser use, of methane from enteric fermentation and manure management, and of nitrous oxide from nitrogen applications to soils and from manure management. Emissions to water include nitrate, ammonium, phosphorus, sediment, pathogens and organic matter, deriving from nutrient applications to forage crops and/or the management of grazing livestock. This paper reviews the sources and impacts of such emissions in the context of a forage-based dairy farm and considers a number of potential mitigation strategies, giving some examples using the farm-scale model SIMSDAIRY. Most of the mitigation measures discussed are associated with systemic improvements in the efficiency of production in dairy systems. Important examples of mitigations include: improvements to dairy herd fertility, that can reduce methane and ammonia emissions by up to 24 and 17%, respectively; diet modification such as the use of high sugar grasses for grazing, which are associated with reductions in cattle N excretion of up to 20% (and therefore lower N losses to the environment) and potentially lower methane emissions, or reducing the crude protein content of the dairy cow diet through use of maize silage to reduce N excretion and methane emissions; the use of nitrification inhibitors with fertiliser and slurry applications to reduce nitrous oxide emissions and nitrate leaching by up to 50%. Much can also be achieved through attention to the quantity, timing and method of application of nutrients to forage crops and utilising advances made through genetic improvements.
Ympäristötilastollinen vuosikirja 1972 = yearbook of environmental statistics of Finland 1972
The six steps for a healthy school : a guide on the indoor environment in planning and building management
Green Solutions for Logistics Customers : Case Study: DHL
Summary of the chosen methodologies and practices to produce GHGE-estimates for an average European diet
Differences in stand characteristics between brook-side key habitats and managed forests in southern Finland
Primitive intelligence and environment
With people in mind : design and management of everyday nature
The eco-social approach in social work
Body image : understanding body dissatisfaction in men, women, and children
Environmental geology : study guide
Men and women of the forest : livelihood strategies and conservation from a gender perspective in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
Perceived barriers in the outdoor environment and development of walking difficulties in older people
