http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6035 financial planning
financial planning
Economic policy and planning in the Netherlands, 1950-1965
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
Website design and development : 100 questions to ask before building a website
Radical economic reforms program for a new demokratic government in Serbia and fr Yugoslavia
Economic education for consumers
Farm business management : the decision-making process
African development : making sense of the issues and actors
Private and public planning
The turning point : revitalizing the Soviet economy
Sales management : shaping future sales leaders
Maintworld
Planning, politics and public policy : the British, French and Italian experience
The collected works of A. K. Dasgupta. Vol. 3, Essays in planning and public policy
Quest for optimal working capital : The Case of FK RASZTER Building Inc.
Study of internal controls in ERP environment : impact on the quality of financial statements: auditors’ perspective
Planning in India : a critique
Central planning
Money saving handbook
Conferences and conventions : a global industry
The good retirement guide : everything you need to know about health, property, investment, leisure, work
Essays on economic planning
Spatial development in Indonesia : review and prospects
Effective financial planning for library and information services
Long-term planning : papers presented to the seventh meeting of Senior Economic Advisers to ECE Governments
Technical assistance to the Republic of Indonesia for the macroeconomic planning and management project
Campus financial systems for the future
Budget support policy/political dialogue : donor practices in handling (political) crises
Principles of corporate finance
Preventive maintenance for higher education facilities : a planning and budgeting tool for facilities professionals
Investing demystified : how to invest without speculation and sleepless nights
Planning processes : the East African case
City and regional planning in Poland
Economics for hospitality management
Budgeting for managers
Planning and forecasting techniques : an introduction to macroeconomic applications
Budgeting : profit planning and control
Basic accounting for community organizations and small groups : a practical guide
Planning local economic development : theory and practice
Budgeting basics and beyond
Economic planning in farm forestry : a study of the fundamentals, their application and consequences with respect to the individual enterprise and society
Capital without borders : wealth managers and the one percent
The facility management handbook
PMP (PMBOK4) Cert Kit: Video, Flash Card and Quick Reference Preparation Package
Economic Strategy for South Eastern Europe : Final Report of EWI Economic Task Force for South Eastern Europe
Contemporary strategy analysis : text and cases
Constructing forest plans interactively based on owner-driven evaluation of the holding- and stand-level alternatives
Why didn't they teach me this in school? : 99 personal money management principles to live by
Setting performance targets
The money code : improve your entire financial life right now
Practical economics or studies in economic planning
Being Right or Making Money
Smart financial management : the essential reference for the successful small business
Project selection for national plans. 1, National planning and socioeconomic priorities
Nice girls don't get rich : 75 avoidable mistakes women make with money
Be the best at what matters most : the only strategy you will ever need
Welcome to hard times : the fiscal consequences of German unity
Business continuity for dummies
Guidelines and computer programs for the planning and design of land drainage systems
The Soviet economy : an introduction
The political economy of Japan : an analysis of kokutai and keizai-kai
Financing public universities : the case of performance funding
Analysis for financial management
Fundamentals of corporate finance
Providing a comprehensive, in-depth analysis of the international conference industry, “Conferences and Conventions: A Global Industry Second Edition” examines the industry's origins, structure, economics, career opportunities, and future development. It also explains its links with the wider tourism industry. Now in its second edition, it is packed with a wealth of new international case studies covering the city of Melbourne, Queen Elizabeth II conference centre, London, Abu Dhabi, MCI Group, the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre, Glasgow and team San Jose, California. It also has new sections on: market segmentation and web marketing; conference and event budgeting; technology and communications, from video conferencing to web casting and pod casting; and corporate social responsibility and sustainable and green events. "Conferences and Conventions: A Global Industry" is illustrated with case studies and examples from around the world, including Great Britain, Canada, Australasia, Dubai, Greece, Thailand, South Africa, USA, Austria and many other destinations. It also provides challenging and reflective questions at the end of each chapter so that readers can test their knowledge and think about the issues raised, accompanied by practical assignments. Tony Rogers is Executive Director of the British Association of Conference Destinations and Association of British Professional Conference Organisers, UK. This second edition, now in full colour, is packed with new case studies from Cyprus, India, Australia and Abu Dhabi (amongst others), as well as new material including web marketing, procurement and ROI and corporate social responsibility. It is endorsed by the British Associations of Conferences Destinations and Association of British Professional Conference Organizers. It provides user-friendly, accessible approach that actively helps the reader to absorb and understand information.
The Soviet economy : how it really works
The economic ascent of the hotel business
Money magic : seven simple steps to true financial freedom
Methodologies of policy analysis and development : some major issues : report of an Expert Working Group
Financial therapy : theory, research, and practice
Nonprofit Kit for dummies
The economics of museums and their financing : a preliminary analysis
Mathematics for retail buying
Soviet economic reform : progress and problems
Financial planning and control
A field research into profit center managers' gaming behavior in capital budgeting
The spend less handbook : 365 tips for a better quality if life while actually spending less
Media and internet management
Economics, uncertainty and European football : trends in competitive balance
Financial management for farmers and rural managers
Management accounting : an active learning approach
Planning and the poor
The Soviet planned economy
An integrated planning model for a farm with an adjoining woodlot
Creating a procurement strategy for an importing company
Economic analysis of travelling : studies on travel behaviour in Finland
Productivity and economic planning : exchanges of experience organised by the Development centre in liaison with productivity bodies in OECD member countries and in developing countries
Can learning from the past help to predict the future in the environmental impact assessment on reindeer husbandry?
Econometric analysis for national economic planning : proceedings of the 16th Symposium of the Colston Research Society held in the University of Bristol April 6th-9th, 1964
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Higher education : open for business
How to write a marketing plan
Regional economic planning : generation of regional input-output analysis
The controller's function : the work of the managerial accountant
Market revolution in Latin America : beyond Mexico
Development planning : lessons of experience
The principles of economic planning : a study prepared for the Fabian Society
Economic planning and international order
Valuation methods and policy making in environmental economics : selected and integrated papers from the congress "Environmental policy in a market economy" Wageningen, The Netherlands, 8-11 September 1987. edited by H. Folmer, E. van Ierland
Economic planning in India
Theoretical background for corporate planning theory
Allocation models and their use in economic planning
"Kessu" : the forecasting and planning system for Finnish economy
Financial management for hospitality decision makers
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
National economic planning
Manage budgets and financial plans : managing finance
The short term and the long in economic planning : tenth anniversary lecture
Poverty and the environment : reversing the downward spiral
Boosters of and barriers to smooth communication in family forest owners' decision making
Decision making towards sustainability in process industry : drivers, barriers and business opportunities
Proceedings of the International Conference "Supporting the forest sector reform in Russia and in the Southeast European countries by assessing the experiences of the new EU member states" : Pushkino 21-22nd March 2007
Economic development and planning : selected studies
Fundamentals of national economic planning in the USSR
Dawn Iacobucci's Marketing Management, 1E provides the material that first-year MBA students need to gain a mastery of core concepts in marketing management. Students will be able to quickly begin applying concepts to cases, group work, and/or simulations that are assigned in their course. Marketing Management issues can be organized around an easy-to-remember framework of 5Cs, STP, and 4Ps. In real life, marketing is fun. Books on marketing should be too!
Key issues for succesful scenario planning : perspectives on sustainable use of natural resources in agricultural sector
Managing financial risks : from global to local
Architects of annihilation : Auschwitz and the logic of destruction
Financial and cost management for libraries and information services
Accounting essentials for hospitality managers
Linear goal and multiobjective programming in financial planning : theoretical observations and a set ofapplications
Socialist planning
Strategy bites back : it is a lot more, and less, than you ever imagined--
Financial & managerial accounting : the basis for business decisions
Value at risk : the new Benchmark for controlling market risk
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
Managerial accounting for the hospitality industry
Models of reality : shaping thought and action
Business and financial models
Living rich for less money : create the lifestyle you want by giving, saving, and spending smart
Entrepreneurial finance :/ fundamentals of financial planning and management for small business
Financial management : theory and practice
Managing budgets in health and social
General premises for DSS-oriented corporate planning
Financial sector reforms in Pakistan and a test for McKinnon and Shaw's transmission mechanism: 'Lessons from the last decade'
The curator's handbook : museums, commercial galleries, independent spaces
An essay on economic growth and planning
Net worth : using the internet for personal financial planning
Budgeting : A Comprehensive Guide shows you how to assemble a complete system of budgets while also addressing several variations on the basic budgeting concept - the flexible budget and the zero-base budget. The book also delves into how to operate a business without a budget. Finally, there are a number of procedures, controls, and reports designed to complement a budget.
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
Applied economic forecasting
Economic policy and planning in Third World development
Marketing for schools
Targets are an important part of our work life, whether we are setting them or meeting them. Target setting forms part of the budgeting process and the performance management of business units and individuals. Unfortunately the behavioral impacts of target setting on performance are not well understood, and this can lead to serious consequences such as game playing. Target setting is an under-researched area.
The first book of investing : the absolute beginner's guide to building wealth safely
Budgeting : the comprehensive guide
Capital without Borders will offer the first in-depth, cross-national examination of the wealth management profession: an extremely powerful professional group about which little is known, except that it controls large flows of capital around the world and has a significant impact on growing wealth inequality. With Oxfam estimating that 1 percent of the global population will own more than half the world's assets by 2016, and policymakers voicing increasingly urgent concerns about the political impact of inequality, this book offers a timely look at the evolution and activities of this central group of players. To understand the workings of their profession, and its complex legal and financial innovations, the author spent two years training to become a wealth manager herself. This experience gave her unique access to practitioners and their methods, and the opportunity to conduct over 60 interviews with wealth managers in 17 countries, from Switzerland to the British Virgin Islands, and from Singapore to South Africa. The findings shed light on the dynamics of growing world wealth inequality, and how they are fueled by political and economic forces. The research will inform ongoing debates about globalization and financialization, in part by making abstract issues concrete and easy to understand for a general readership. Capital without Borders explains the use of offshore banks, shell corporations, and trusts to hide billions in private wealth not only from taxation, but from all manner of legal obligations--including to creditors and family members. Such insights will be of interest not only to scholars and policy-makers, but to anyone interested in the world of wealth and high finance.
Business continuity management : in practice
Special events from A to Z : the complete educator's handbook
Cost accounting : a managerial emphasis
Thinking about the future : guidelines for strategic foresight
Market control and planning in communist China
The economic theory of central planning
Management information systems : a framework for planning and development
Regional economic planning in Cameroon
Soviet planning in peace and war 1938-1945
Winners in business aren't the ones who do the most things; the winners are the ones who do the most important things Be the Best at What Matters Most. is about the one essential strategy for business leaders, entrepreneurs, owners, managers and those who want to be one. Simplify, focus, and win by outperforming all your competition on those things that create real value for the customer. This is about substance, not flash, and the ultimate "wow" factors of high quality performance, consistency and relentless improvement. * Thought provoking questions, activities, and action steps are built into every section of the book * Author Joe Calloway, an International Speakers Hall of Fame inductee, has been a popular business speaker for thirty years and worked with hundreds of companies to help them create and sustain success * Author has published four books with Wiley Be the Best at What Matters Most will help you and your team focus on taking the actions that maximize results, growth, and profit.
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Financial analysis with an electronic calculator
How to be a home economics teacher
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Development planning : the essentials of economic policy
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Planning and budgeting skills for health and social work managers
Stochastic simulation and optimization of mobile chipping economics in processing and transport of forest biomass from residues
Economic approaches to organizations
Financial analysis : a controller's guide
Starting and running your own horse business
A woman's guide to investing
Fundamentals of contemporary financial management
Selling and sales management
Trade liberalization, agriculture and poverty in low-income countries
Manager's guide to crisis management
IT financial management : best practice
The executive's guide to enterprise social media strategy : how social networks are radically transforming your business
Financial aspects of a small hospitality business planning : through the example of a business plan of a café in Helsinki downtown
How to start a home-based jewelry making business
The theory of economic planning
Focus on personal finance : an active approach to help you develop successful financial skills
Business analysis : Microsoft Excel 2010
Welfare, planning, and employment : selected essays in economic theory
Farm business management: analysis of farming systems
Fragments of development : nation, gender, and the space of modernity
Studies in the theory of planning
Changes in comparative advantages and paths of structural adjustment and growth in Sweden, 1975-2000
Finland : monograph on the human settlements situation and related trends and policies
Inflation policy and unemployment theory : the cost-benefit approach to monetary planning
Rich bitch : a simple 12-step plan for getting your financial life together...finally
Controller's guide : roles and responsibilities for the first years
How to integrate investment strategies and finance strategies : case: Messukeskus
Self-reliant development in Europe : theory, problems, actions
How to plan ahead for hard times in business
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
Management and cost accounting
How to plan your financial security
The millionaire next door : the surprising secrets of America's wealthy
Capital project evaluation of new knee joint implant product from Krasnogorsk's Corp. in Russia
Money : master the game : 7 simple steps to financial freedom
