http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6040 film industry
film industry
The movie business book
The story of the Fifth Element
Bruce Lee : the celebrated life of the golden dragon
Establishing a Multimedia Company in Kenya
The big picture : who killed Hollywood? and other essays
Three fingers
The big picture : filmmaking lessons from a life on the set
'Some big bourgeois brothel' : contexts for France's culture wars with Hollywood
Hollywood : a novel
Bambi vs. Godzilla : on the nature, purpose and practice of the movie business
Contemporary Polish film
Disney : the first 100 years
Bollywood dreams : an exploration of the motion picture industry and its culture in India
A curious mind : the secret to a bigger life
How movies work
Motion picture and video lighting
The Hanna-Barbera treasury : rare art from your favorite cartoon classics
Hollywood in the 30s
The biz : the basic business, legal and financial aspects of the film industry
The movies : a complete guide to the directors, stars, studios and movie genres
History of the American cinema. 2, The transformation of cinema 1907-1915
City of dreams : the making and remaking of Universal Pictures
Learning to dream : the new British cinema
Cinema, literature & society : elite and mass culture in interwar Britain
Reading 'Bollywood'
Film theory and contemporary Hollywood movies
Once upon a time Walt Disney : the sources of inspiration for the Disney Studios
The studio
Rhetoric of death and generic addressing of viewers in American living dead films
Ta'al il heith al-nakha : rua naqdie fi al-cinema
Film industries in Latin America : dependency and development
Film + travel Europe : traveling the world through your favorite movies / [toimittanut: Anne Ishii]
The fade out
Filming : a love story
Hollywood, the dream factory : an anthropologist looks at the movie-makers
Film distribution in the digital age : pirates and professionals
A pinch of snuff : a Dalziel and Pascoe novel
Hollywood : 50 great years
One Hundred Films and a Funeral
Millennial monsters : Japanese toys and the global imagination
Anime : a history
Watching films : new perspectives on movie-going, exhibition and reception
The mouse machine : Disney and technology
Cine-ethics : ethical dimensions of film theory, practice and spectatorship
American and Chinese-language cinemas : examining cultural flows
Project charter, scope, and time management in the movie industry
Film finance handbook : how to fund your film
I heart Vegas
Fifteen-year-old Anna runs away to Los Angeles where her half-sister takes her in, but after spending days on television and movie sets, she learns LA is not the glamorous escape she imagined.
The MGM story : the complete history of fifty-four roaring years
"Film Distribution in the Digital Age critically examines the evolution of the landscape of film distribution in recent years. In doing so, it argues that the interlocking ecosystem(s) of media dissemination must be considered holistically and culturally if we are to truly understand the transnational flows of cultural texts. Through a series of case studies and examples, the book presents the argument that rather than just representing the movement of an economic commodity, the act of film distribution also mediates and facilitates the social and professional relationships of film distributors. The fact that these distributors exist across a number of arenas (online/offline, official/unofficial) does not necessarily mean that their aims and motivations are necessarily distinct and oppositional. Indeed, this book argues that their actions come together to form a complex ecosystem of distribution that should be considered through the metaphor of symbiosis rather than parasitism. " --
Dealmaking in the film & television industry : from negotiations to final contracts
Branded entertainment : product placement and brand strategy in the entertainment business
Their finest hour and a half
Antitrust in the motion picture industry : [economic and legal analysis]
The big book of British films
Maneater
Children's book of cinema : explore the magical, behind-the-scenes world of the movies
The feature film distribution deal : a critical analysis of the single most important film industry agreement
In conversation with cinematographers
Easy riders, raging bulls : how the sex 'n' drugs 'n' rock 'n' roll generation saved Hollywood
Hollywood and the box office, 1895-1986
"Critics frequently describe the influence of "America," through Hollywood and other cultural industries, as a form of cultural imperialism. This unidirectional model of interaction does not address, however, the counter-flows of Chinese-language films into the American film market or the influence of Chinese filmmakers, film stars, and aesthetics in Hollywood. The aim of this collection is to (re)consider the complex dynamics of transnational cultural flows between American and Chinese-language film industries. The goal is to bring a more historical perspective to the subject, focusing as much on the Hollywood influence on early Shanghai or postwar Hong Kong films as on the intensifying flows between American and Chinese-language cinemas in recent decades. Contributors emphasize the processes of appropriation and reception involved in transnational cultural practices, examining film production, distribution, and reception."-- Provided by publisher.
The guerilla film makers handbook
The MGM story : the complete history of fifty-seven roaring years
Asian pop cinema : Bombay to Tokyo
Film England : culturally English filmmaking since the 1990s
One world, big screen : Hollywood, the Allies and World War II
American showman : Samuel "Roxy" Rothafel and the birth of the entertainment industry 1908-1935
Product placement in Finnish movies
Film : the democratic art
Hollywood cartoons : American animation in its golden age
Dennis Hopper : the wild ride of a Hollywood rebel
City of nets : a portrait of Hollywood in the 1940's
History of the American cinema. 1, The emergence of cinema : the American screen to 1907
Careers in film and video
American dream machine
Hollywood Babylon strikes again! : another overview of exhibitionism, sexuality, and sin as filtered through 85 years of Hollywood scandal
Filmmaking : direct your movie from script to screen using proven hollywood techniques
Year of yes : how to dance it out, stand in the sun and be your own person
Hitchcock
Hollywood : a novel of America in the 1920s
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
When women call the shots : the developing power and influence of women in television and film
What they don't teach you at film school : 161 strategies for making your own movie no matter what
Disney during World War II : how the Walt Disney Studio contributed to victory in the war
History of the American cinema. Vol. 5, Grand design : Hollywood as a modern business enterprise 1930-1939
Marc Davis : Walt Disney's renaissance man
Unfastened : globality and Asian North American narratives
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
Fertilization effects of organic waste resources and bottom wood ash: results from a pot experiment
How Hollywood works
Film : a critical introduction
Hollywood in the thirties
The men who made Hollywood : the lives of the great movie moguls
Nothing is true and everything is possible : adventures in modern Russia
The thief
Creativity, Inc. : overcoming the unseen forces that stand in the way of true inspiration
Cooperation between brands and film industry: case : Helsinki Filmi
The guide to Korean film industry and production
Travels of Bollywood cinema : from Bombay to LA
The Chinese cinema book
This is a collection of interviews with some of the most significant British cinematographers of the last 30 years. The subject included here discuss their craft and recount their experiences working on some of the most notable films of the last few decades, including Anna Karenina, Atonement, The Avengers, Casino Royale, The Cider House Rules, Goldeneye, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Help, and The Prince of Tides. Many of the individuals have also worked on major television films and mini-series, including The Forsythe Saga, Inspector Morse, Life on Mars, Pennies from Heaven, The Singing Detective, and Traffik.
King of Bollywood : Shah Rukh Khan and the seductive world of Indian cinema
Minding movies : observations on the art, craft, and business of filmmaking
Cinema as a tool for exploitation in Nigeria
Filmmakers and financing : business plans for independents
AS film studies : the essential introduction
The global film book
Strangers in paradise : the Hollywood émigrés 1933-1950
Entourage : the movie
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
NYPD red 2
Universal Studios monsters : a legacy of horror
The film industry in the Russian Federation : a report for the European audiovisual observatory
Kiss me deadly : feminism & cinema for the moment
Emergence of the Korean popular culture in the world
Screen international
American girls
Moving pictures : a Discworld novel
Words and money
Year of yes
Epics, spectacles and blockbusters : a Hollywood history
The Third Reich's celluloid war : propaganda in nazi feature films, documentaries and television
Film-induced Tourism in Finland : Its Current State and Opportunities
Film studies : the basics
Sugar, spice, and everything nice : cinemas of girlhood
The accidental feminist : how Elizabeth Taylor raised our consciousness and we were too distracted by her beauty to notice
We conducted a pot experiment to study the fertilization effects of four N- and P-rich organic waste resources alone and in combination with K-rich bottom wood ash at two application rates (150 kg N ha-1 + 120 kg K ha-1, 300 kg N ha-1 + 240 kg K ha-1). Plant-available N was the growth-limiting factor. 48-73% of N applied with meat and bone meal (MBM) and composted fish sludge (CFS) was taken up in aboveground biomass, resulting in mineral fertilizer equivalents (MFE%) of 53-81% for N uptake and 61-104% for yield. MFE% of MBM and CFS decreased for increasing application rates. Two industrial composts had weak N fertilization effects and are to be considered soil conditioners rather than fertilizers. Possible P and K fertilization effects of waste resources were masked by the soil's ability to supply plant-available P and K, but effects on plant-available P and K contents in soil suggest that the waste resources may have positive effects under more nutrient-deficient conditions.
The Hollywood romantic comedy : covent and controversies
Exporting entertainment : America in the world film market 1907-34
Understanding audiences and the film industry
The American film industry : a historical dictionary
Star heroes collector 2006 : internationale version 2006.
Wake up and dream
Indian cinema : a very short introduction
Behind the Soviet screen : the motion-picture industry in the USSR 1972-1982
Bollywood cinema : temples of desire
Troublemaker : surviving Hollywood and Scientology
You must remember this : the Warner Bros. story
Wales and cinema : the first hundred years
Everything leads to you
The motion picture on the threshold of a decisive decade
Movies as mass communication
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
The screen is red : Hollywood, communism, and the Cold War
Canadian national cinema : ideology, difference and representation
AS Film Studies : the essential introduction
Lihaluujauho kauran lannoitteena : teurastamoteollisuuden sivutuote lannoitteeksi = Meat and bone meal as fertilizer for oats : from slaughter house waste to fertilizer
NYPD Red. 4
"This volume looks at the significance and range of ethical questions that pertain to various film practices. Diverse philosophical traditions provide useful frameworks to discuss spectators' affective and emotional engagement with film, which can function as a moral ground for one's connection to others and to the world outside the self. These traditions encompass theories of emotion, phenomenology, the philosophy of compassion, and analytic and continental ethical thinking and environmental ethics. This anthology is one of the first volumes to open up a dialogue among these diverse methodologies. Contributors bring to the fore some of the assumptions implicitly shared between these theories and forge a new relationship between them in order to explore the moral engagement of the spectator and the ethical consequences of both producing and consuming films"--
