http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6045 employee benefits
employee benefits
Parking cash out
Compensation
Occupational welfare : winners and losers
Rethinking reward
The importance of reward systems in the hotel industry for both side's employees and employers in Germany
The economics of non-wage labour costs
Harvard business review on compensation
Balancing work and caregiving for children, adults, and elders
Compensation and benefit design : applying finance and accounting principles to global human resource management systems
Food at work : workplace solutions for malnutrition, obesity and chronic diseases
Roman female praenomina : studies in the nomenclature of Roman women
Employee benefits : a primer for human resource professionals
A study of fringe benefits : analysis based on Finnish micro data
Worker wellbeing in a changing labor market
Reward and benefit programs have been a topic in the hospitality industry for many, many years. However, in most cases, the topic has been dealt with from perspective hotel guest/- client. This thesis will concern itself with benefit and reward programs from the point of view of employees and employers. It will begin with a general overview and gradually go on to focus on the hospitality sector. The objectives of this research were to give an outlook of the current situation in the hospitality industry in the field of monetary rewards. Additional aims are contrasting the hospitality sector with a different industry and, introducing new ideas from other industries into the hospitality branch. Another long-term goal was to promote the practical application of some of the ideas and recommendations by hotels. The final and most important aim of this report was to demonstrate both the importance of these programs, especially in the hospitality sector and the results for both parties.     The research for this thesis was undertaken by the means of three methods:    Firstly, a literature review was undertaken. It was used to clarify the definitions of reward management and employee benefits. Furthermore, to demonstrate and give a deeper understanding of the different types of monetary rewards systems. It shed light on the different goals of monetary reward management and the pro and contra points of the different methods. Other aspects that were explored the variety of perspectives from which different individuals and companies viewed situations, as well as the impact these programs had on companies and employees.      Secondly, an investigation of the current situation - in mainly five star hotels confronted theory with real life situations - and revealed the impact of these programs on both sides. To this end, several HR directors were interviewed by means of a questionnaire.   Thirdly, a survey questioning HR directors about their reward and benefit programs showed the importance and necessity of these programs. The interviews as well as the questionnaires showed that many hotels have already started to implement monetary reward management into their benefit programs; however there is still much room for improvement and recommendations from other industries.
The impact of stock option incentives on investment and firm value
