http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6041 cultural industry
cultural industry
Creativity in peripheral places : redefining the creative industries
Trends and strategies in the arts and cultural industries : a selection of papers presented at The Long Run, an international conference on long-term developments in the arts and cultural industries, Rotterdam, February 2000 / edited by S. Janssen, M. Halbertsma, T. Ijdens and K. Ernst
Contemporary identities of creativity and creative work
The cultural industries
From disposable to sustainable : the complex interplay between design and consumption of textiles and clothing
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
Cultural policy, work and identity : the creation, renewal and negotiation of professional subjectivities
The tango machine : musical culture in the age of expediency
Creative economy report 2008 : the challenge of assessing the creative economy : towards informed policy-making
Mediasphere Shanghai : the aesthetics of cultural production
Global/local : cultural production and the transnational imaginary
The middle mind : why consumer culture is turning us into the living dead
Global creative industries
Cultural industries : a challenge for the future of culture
Creative workers have been celebrated internationally for their flexibility in new labour markets centred on culture, creativity and, most recently, innovation. This book draws on research with novice and established workers in a range of specializations in order to explore the meanings, aspirations and practical difficulties associated with a creative identification. It investigates the difficulties and attractions of creative work as a personalized, affect-laden project of self-making, perpetually open and oriented to possibility, uncertain in its trajectory or rewards. Employing a cross-disciplinary methodology and analytic approach, the book investigates the new cultural meanings in play around a creative career. It shows how classic ideals of design and the creative arts, re-interpreted and promoted within contemporary art schools, validate the lived experience of precarious working in the global sectors of the creative and cultural industries, yet also contribute to its conflicts. "Contemporary Identities of Creativity and Creative Work" presents a distinctive study and original findings which make it essential reading for social scientists, including social psychologists, with an interest in cultural and media studies, creativity, identity, work and contemporary careers.
The impact of the internet on the public sphere and on the culture industry : a study of blogs, social news sites and discussion forums
Cultural work : understanding the cultural industries
International cultural policies and power
Cultural research in Europe 1996
The polysemous contemporary concept : the rhetoric of the cultural industry
New cultural art centres in Moscow and St. Petersburg
The culture business : management strategies for the arts-related business
Theorizing cultural work : labour, continuity and change in the cultural and creative industries
Cultural industries in Russia : Northern dimension partnership on culture
Representing Evita
Fandom : identities and communities in a mediated world
Culture, creativity and markets : world culture report 1998
Global entertainment media : a critical introduction
Improving performance of construction projects in the UAE : multi cultural and decent work perspectives
Boosting Music Exports : How could the music export office develop the exports of the independent music scene in the Czech Republic?
Jobs and premises in the cultural sector in Helsinki
Trends and strategies in the arts and cultural industries : selections of papers presented at The Long Run, an international conference on long-term developments in the arts and cultural industries, Rotterdam, February 2000
Strategies of social screen play(ers) across the ecosystem of play: toys, games and hybrid social play in technologically mediated playscapes
Ikea success in chinese furniture
The culture industry revisited : Theodor W. Adorno on mass culture
Cultural studies and political economy : toward a new integration
Cultural industries and the production of culture
The media and cultural production
Handbook on the digital creative economy
A handbook of cultural economics
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
The Routledge companion to the cultural industries
The ERIBA model : an effective and successful policy framework for the creative industries
Industry life-cycle theory in the cultural domain : dynamics of the games industry
The Oxford handbook of creative industries
Cultural capitals : revaluing the arts, remaking urban spaces
Quality and quantity
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
Cultural policy is changing. Traditionally, cultural policies have been concerned with providing financial support for the arts, for cultural heritage and for institutions such as museums and galleries. In recent years, around the world, interest has grown in the creative industries as a source of innovation and economic dynamism. This book argues that an understanding of the nature of both the economic and the cultural value created by the cultural sector is essential to good policy-making. The book is the first comprehensive account of the application of economic theory and analysis to the broad field of cultural policy. It deals with general principles of policy-making in the cultural arena as seen from an economic point of view, and goes on to examine a range of specific cultural policy areas, including the arts, heritage, the cultural industries, urban development, tourism, education, trade, cultural diversity, economic development, intellectual property and cultural statistics.
Improving Performance of Construction Projects
in the UAE:multi cultural and decent work perspectives
This book discusses creative industries from the perspectives of economics, management, psychology, law, geography, and policy. The book combines views on how creativity is turned into economic, business and social value, as well as contemporary trends, digital technologies and creative industries in emerging economies such as China and India
Creative industries : Russian profile
Surface tension : problematics of site
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Media, culture, and politics in Indonesia
Handbook for experience stagers
Encounters and engagements between economic and cultural geography
The Challenges of creativity: cultural industries and cultural policy in Europe
Managing in the media
Making Avonlea : L. M. Montgomery and popular culture
Cultural Integration of Cross-Border M&A Activities in the Chinese Auto Industry : Case Study: the Acquisition of Geely and Volvo
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Creative industries and economic evolution
Global culture industry : the mediation of things
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
Adorno in America
The culture industry : the arts in urban regeneration
Creative industries : contracts between art and commerce
Television news as cultural products : the cases of Finland and the United States
Handbook of cultural and creative industries in China
Glamour in six dimensions : modernism and the radiance of form
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Who owns him? : the debate on John Lennon
Ethnomusicology and media reality
Betwixt and between : case studies in gender, culture and the media in Zimbabwe in the 1990s
Be creative : making a living in the new culture industries
Free trade and culture : a study of relevant WTO rules and constrains on national cultural policy measures
Economics of the arts : a new approach to art economics
The Korean wave : a sourcebook
Media trends 1995 in Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden : a statistical compendium
Contemporary society is complex; governed and administered by a range of contradictory policies, practices and techniques. Nowhere are these contradictions more keenly felt than in cultural policy. This book uses insights from a range of disciplines to aid the reader in understanding contemporary cultural policy. Drawing on a range of case studies, including analysis of the reality of work in the creative industries, urban regeneration and current government cultural policy in the UK, the book discusses the idea of value in the cultural sector, showing how value plays out in cultural organizations. Uniquely, the book crosses disciplinary boundaries to present a thorough introduction to the subject.
Millennial monsters : Japanese toys and the global imagination
Cultural diversity and international economic integration : the global governance of the audio-visual sector
Gargantua : manufactured mass culture
A big dream : Arabianranta, the creative city and the information society : design, architecture and culture as agents of urban change
Doing cultural studies : the story of the sony walkman
Media and cultural studies: keyworks
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
On the Platonic theory of art and its relevance to the modern world
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Key concepts in creative industries
Cultural industries in Britain and Germany : sport, music and entertainment from the eighteenth to the twentieth century
"Cultural policy is changing. Traditionally, cultural policies have been concerned with providing financial support for the arts, for cultural heritage and for institutions such as museums and galleries. In recent years, around the world, interest has grown in the creative industries as a source of innovation and economic dynamism. This book argues that an understanding of the nature of both the economic and the cultural value created by the cultural sector is essential to good policy-making. The book is the first comprehensive account of the application of economic theory and analysis to the broad field of cultural policy. It deals with general principles of policy-making in the cultural arena as seen from an economic point of view, and goes on to examine a range of specific cultural policy areas, including the arts, heritage, the cultural industries, urban development, tourism, education, trade, cultural diversity, economic development, intellectual property and cultural statistics"--Provided by publisher.
Key issues in the arts and entertainment industry
Regulating content : European regulatory framework for the media and related creative sectors
Interactive dramaturgies : new approaches in multimedia content and design : with 175 figures
Cultural economics : the arts, the heritage and the media industries. Vol. 1-2
The creative industries : culture and policy
Nollywood : the video phenomenon in Nigeria / edited by Pierre Barrot
The Finland in Figures publication is a compact information package that presents Finland in various ways and also contains international comparison data. The publication is like a visiting card for those needing information about Finland and it can be handed out in both domestic and international contexts.
Creative industries as mass deception / Gerald Raunig
Dress and popular culture
Economising culture : on 'the (digital) culture industry'
United in diversity : cultural policy and its dimensions
Soft innovation : economics, product aesthetics, and the creative industries
Cultural studies and cultural industries in Northeast Asia : what a difference a region makes
The state and the arts : an analysis of key economic policy issues in Europe and the United States
The economics of cultural policy
Creative cities : cultural industries, urban development and the information society / edited by Jan Verwijnen and Panu Lehtovuori ; [written by Peter Hall ... et al.]
The quality of life in the Finnish game industry
Making business with trolls. From literary analysis to commercial aspects of children's literature on the example of the Moomins
On the Internet, “information wants to be free.” This memorable phrase shaped the online business model, but it is now driving the media companies on whom the digital industry feeds out of business. Today, newspaper stocks have fallen to all-time lows as papers are pressured to give away content, music sales have fallen by more than half since file sharing became common, TV ratings are plum­meting as viewership migrates online, and publishers face off against Amazon over the price of digital books. In Free Ride, Robert Levine narrates an epic tale of value destruction that moves from the corridors of Congress, where the law was passed that legalized YouTube, to the dorm room of Shawn Fanning, the founder of Napster; from the bargain-pricing dramas involving iTunes and Kindle to Google’s fateful decision to digitize first and ask questions later. Levine charts how the media industry lost control of its destiny and suggests innovative ways it can resist the pull of zero.
Art : the consumer and the consumed
Creative industries : colourful fabric in multiple dimensions : yearbook 2009
Narrative in creative brands
Postsocialist modernity : Chinese cinema, literature, and criticism in the market age
Arts, entertainment and tourism / Howard Hughes
Finland in figures 2012
Abstract:.
Cultural Policy : a short guide
"What was "Creative Britain"? Was it the "golden age" that Tony Blair vaunted in 2007, or a neoliberal nirvana? In the twenty-first century, culture--the visual and performing arts, museums and galleries, the creative industries--have become ever more important to governments, to the economy, and to how people live. Cultural historian Robert Hewison shows how, from Cool Britannia and the Millennium Dome to the Olympics and beyond, Creative Britain rose from the desert of Thatcherism only to fall into the slough of New Labour's managerialism"--
Entertainment industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
Adorno, modernism and mass culture : essays on critical theory and music
Cultural capital : the rise and fall of creative Britain
Finland in figures 2016.
Film England : culturally English filmmaking since the 1990s
This title explores theoretical and conceptual aspects of an evolutionary economic approach to the study of the creative economy.
Positioning the Guggenheim Foundation within the culture industry : a critical assessment of the commodification and standardization of culture through the Guggenheim Foundation's museum franchises
The culture industry, information and capitalism
The Moé manifesto : an insider's look at the worlds of manga, anime, and gaming
Archaeology is a brand!: the meaning of archaeology in contemporary popular culture
Pioneering minds worldwide : on the entrepreneurial principles of the cultural and creative industries
Creative industries in China : art, design and media
In this exciting new book Angela McRobbie charts the 'euphoric' moment of the new creative economy, as it rose to prominence in the UK during the Blair years, and considers it from the perspective of contemporary experience of economic austerity and uncertainty about work and employment. McRobbie makes some bold arguments about the staging of creative economy as a mode of 'labour reform'; she proposes that the dispositif of creativity is a fine-tuned instrument for acclimatising the expanded, youthful urban middle classes to a future of work without the raft of entitlements and security which previous generations had struggled to win through the post-war period of social democratic government. Adopting a cultural studies perspective, McRobbie re-considers resistance as 'line of flight' and shows what is at stake in the new politics of culture and creativity. She incisively analyses 'project working' as the embodiment of the future of work and poses the question as to how people who come together on this basis can envisage developing stronger and more protective organisations and associations. Scattered throughout the book are excerpts from interviews with artists, stylists, fashion designers, policy-makers, and social entrepreneurs".
Coverncreativity, or : creative industries Austrian style / Monika Mokre
Blue book of China's cultural industries : annual report on the development of China's cultural industries
Cultural policy : management, value and modernity in the creative industires
New structures and means of cultural cooperation : final report
Going for broke : women's participation in the arts and cultural industries
National cultural policy framework and trends in Finland
Free Ride : How digital parasites are destroying the culture business, and how the culture business can fight back
