http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6048 benefits
benefits
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014= FPAs statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
"Making work pay" debates from a gender perspective : a comparative review of some recent policy reforms in thirty European countries
Well-being of older people in ageing societies
Problems of social security and development in a developing country : a study of the indigenous systems and the colonial influence on the conventional schemes in Nigeria
Exposure draft of a proposed amendment to IAS 19, employee benefits : the asset ceiling : comments to be received by 25 March 2002.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Abstract.
Characteristics of the social security system in Finland
Two essays on individual labour market performance in Finland
Dependency culture : the culture of a myth
Amendment to International Accounting Standard IAS 19 : employee benefits : the asset ceiling
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2009 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland 2009 = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland 2009.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
The broad tracks of path dependent benefit reforms : a longitudinal study of social benefit reforms in three European countries, 1980-2006
Children and social welfare in Europe
Co-ordinating work-based and residence-based social security
Give a man a fish : reflections on the new politics of distribution
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2008 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland 2008 = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland 2008.
Benefit systems and work incentives
Cash and care : policy challenges in the welfare state
Gender and the European labour market
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2006
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2003 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland 2003 = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland 2003
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2009 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland
How to define a pension scheme : a conceptual map to European pension systems
A characterization of the Estonian social security regime through impact on poverty risk factors
The divided welfare state : the battle over public and private social benefits in the United States
Public transfers and private help : support networks of marginalised and poor individuals in Sweden in the 1990s
Statutory pensions in Finland : long-term projections 2009
The quality of life
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2009 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2009.
Family policy in Iceland 1944-1984
Welfare and municipalities in Europe : social and health services in the Netherlands, France, Great Britain and Germany : summary
Understanding social security : issues for policy and practice
Working hours and the family : working preferences/economic incentives/childcare and divorce/retirement and time-use = Arbejdstid og familien : arbejdstidsønsker/arbejdstid og skat/børn og skilsmisse/pensionering og samvær
Community care : your rights to housing and support
The rational legitimacy of the welfare state : popular support for ten income transfer schemes in Finland
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2002 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2002 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2002.
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2007 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland
Social security in Lithuania: a review
Social policy in a developing world
The rise and fall of Nordic family policy? : historical development and changes during the 1990s in Sweden and Finland
Characteristics of the social system in Finland
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2010 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2010.
Union citizens - free movement and non-discrimination
Social security financing and external shocks
Positive discrimination, social justice, and social policy : moral scrutiny of a policy practice
Advantages and disadvantages of international  contract manufacturing : The opportunities for Finnish companies in Russia
Public/private interplay in social protection : a comparative study
Finnish social protection in 2002.
Gender mainstreaming active inclusion policies : final synthesis report
OECD questionnaire : country report of Finland
Temporary agency work in Finland : backgroung documentary on temporary agency work in Europe
Summary.
Encouragement and discouragement : essays on taxation and government expenditure
Social security in Lithuania : a review
Services integration for children and youth at risk and their families : the case of Finland
How social security works : an introduction to benefits in Britain
Employee benefits
Their lips talk of mischief
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2006 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland
In Finland, the number and the proportion of women receiving minimum maternity or parental allowance increased dramatically in the 1990s. Their share increased to a high point of 30 percent in 1996 and remained at over 25 percent to the end of the decade. The aim of this study was to describe some of the characteristics typical of these women, and to analyse how often and in what circumstances they had to rely on last-resort income support (social assistance and housing allowance). The material comprises data on the total working-aged population, retrieved from the income security registers maintained by the Social Insurance Institution and from the social assistance register maintained by Stakes (National Research and Development Centre for Welfare and Health). Both cross sectional and longitudinal data were analysed by means of cross tabulations and means as well as logistic regression. We could differentiate two groups of mothers receiving minimum bene? t: young mothers and middle-aged mothers with many children. Twenty percent of women on the minimum allowance also received social assistance and 38 percent received housing allowance. Reliance on social assistance was particularly common among mothers who had delivered their ? rst baby and among young mothers who had delivered more than one baby .
European social security law
Making work pay : taxation, benefits, employment and unemployment
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Fighting poverty : comparative studies on social insurance, means-tested benefits and income redistribution
Cheating welfare : public assistance and the criminalization of poverty
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
English summary.
Statutory pensions in Finland : long-term projections 2007
Minimum Parental Allowance Payments Received by Finnish Mothers
Reintegration as recognition : ex-combatant and veteran politics in Namibia
Public and private social policy : health and pension policies in a new era
Social security schemes administered by Kela 2010-2060 : actuarial report
