http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6060 tribes
tribes
Half of a yellow sun
We, the Tikopia : a sociological study of kinship in primitive Polynesia
The cultural definition of political response : lineal destiny among the Luo
Five tribes : the djinns of Naqala
The Ila-speaking peoples of Northern Rhodesia
The Yoruba and their gods
Studies in Santal medicine and connected folklore. Part 1, The Santals and disease
Land and people of tribal Bihar
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
The Akamba in British East Africa : an ethnological monograph
Folk icons and rituals in tribal life
The complete Elfquest. Volume two
The voice of the spirits : a commandant De Palma investigation
A decade has passed since the death of Caradoc, King of the Dumnonii tribe, and his friend, Flavius Magnus Maximus. Britain is battered by Pict invaders, and centurion Constantinus and his legionnaires are fighting them to the death. Maximus's daughter, Lady Severa, holds the key to the throne of the High King of the Britons and when she is threatened with abduction, Constantinus escorts her to the safety of Tintagel. Agreeing to marry her, he is crowned the High King, and Severa bears him two sons, Ambrosius and Uther. But, as the ruler of Britain, Constantinus is poisoned by greed and jealousy, and his thirst for greatness in the Roman Empire will cost him dear...
The Kaya complex : a history of the Mijikenda peoples of the Kenya coast to 1900
The storyteller
Tribes of Kerala
The tribes and castes of the Central Provinces of India
Tribes
Folk-rituals of eastern India
House of chains
Studies in Santal medicine and connected folklore. Part 2, Santal medicine
Ollar Gadba of Koraput
The last of the mohicans
Man in Southern Africa : the Southern Nguni = Die mens in Suider-Afrika : die Suid-Nguni
The blood of kings
New lives for old : cultural transformation - Manus, 1928-1953
Race, science and society
The complete Elfquest. Volume three
Notes on the Bhotias of Almora and British Garhwal
Sartar : kingdom of heroes : dangerous outlanders
The dark horse
Guardians of the Khaibar pass : the social organisation and history of the Afridis of Pakistan
The criminal tribes, a socio-economic study of the principal criminal tribes and castes in northern India
The Goorg tribes and castes
Tzolk'in : Tribes & prophecies
New Guinea ceremonies
The Mysore tribes and castes. Volume 5
The tribes of Chittagong hill tracts
Nepal and the gurkhas
Bayonets along the border
A people of stories in the forest of myth : the Yukuna of Miritiparaná
Last chance in Africa
Gond kingdom of Chanda : with particular reference to its political structure
Notes of a trip to the Veddahs of Ceylon
Subalterns and sovereigns : an anthropological history of Bastar 1854-2006
The Scottish tartans : with historical sketches of the clans and families of Scotland
Understanding cultural transmission in anthropology : a critical synthesis
Blood trail : Dawning. [Volume one]
Contributed articles presented at an international conference organized by School of Humanities and School of Social Science, University of Hyderabad in July 3-5, 2007.
Studies in Santal medicine and connected folklore. Part 3, How the Santals live
The Pardhans of the upper Narbada valley
Child of the jungle : true story of a girl caught between two worlds
The fate of Roman Britain is sealed when Caradoc, King of the Dumnonii tribe in Tintagel, meets Flavius Magnus Maximus, one of the most influential Roman officers in Britannia. Their unlikely friendship leads to an ambitious plan to unite the tribal leaders and, once crowned the first High King of the Britons, Maximus casts his eyes on the throne of the Western Roman Empire. Leading a force of brave warriors to Gaul, Maximus is victorious in battle. But it is not long after his return to Britain that hubris gnaws at him once again. Despite Caradoc's pleas to exercise caution, Maximus is determined to march on Rome itself. But who will pay the price for his bloodthirsty quest for power?
The Akan doctrine of God : a fragment of Gold Coast ethics and religion
Midnight falcon
The Dhurwa of Bastar
Tzolk'in : the mayan calendar
The sultan's wife
The modern anthropology of India : ethnography, themes and theory
Tribal migration in Himalayan frontiers : study of Guijar Bakarwal transhumance economy
Tribe : adventures in a changing world
Clan cleansing in Somalia : the ruinous legacy of 1991
Israel in the book of Kings : the past as a project of social identity
The Munda of central India : an account of their social organization
Politics, law, and ritual in tribal society
Neamet Ullah's History of the Afghans
Tribes and analogous people In India : contemporary issues
The Mysore tribes and castes. Volume 2, [Agasa-Budubudukki]
The Zin letters : the Kalikos society Gloranthan magazine. 3
Tribes of the Great Rift Valley
Lisu (Yawyin) tribes of the Burma-China frontier
Siberia to Sarawak : tribal peoples of Asia
News of the world : a novel
Religion, rituals and festivals
A sparrow falls
Traditional occupations of indigenous and tribal peoples : emerging trends [ed. Virginia Thomas]
Theory and practice of ethnography : readings from the periphery
The Paliyan of Kerala
Encyclopedia of native tribes of North America
Mbusa, sacred emblems of the Bemba
The wandering falcon
The thistle and the drone : how America's War on Terror became a global war on tribal Islam
Braid of feathers : American Indian law and contemporary tribal life
Native American DNA : tribal belonging and the false promise of genetic science
At the edge of the Kalahari : historical colour photographs of Tswana chiefdoms and Hereros in exile
Multi-ethnicity in India : the Adivasi peasants of Chota Nagpur and Santal Parganas
The Sontarans
Guide to flowering plant families
The people of Kau
Traditional Micronesian societies : adaptation, integration, and political organization
Sword in the storm
Indigenous and tribal peoples and the ILO
The tribal imagination : civilization and the savage mind
History and nomenclature of avian family-group names. Walter J. Bock
Sartar: Kingdom of Heroes is the definitive guide to the classic setting of Dragon Pass, previously explored in such games as the award-winning computer game King of Dragon Pass, the classic fantasy wargame Dragon Pass. It contains everything you need for a HeroQuest campaign set amongst the storm-worshipping tribes of Dragon Pass, as well as an epic campaign arc for your heroes.
Ethiopia : peoples of the Omo Valley. 1, custom and ceremony
A history of the Abaluyia of Western Kenya
The Gebusi : lives transformed in a rainforest world
The ethnic factor in modern politics : the case of Sarawak, East Malaysia
Frisuren, Kopfbedeckungen & Schmuck in Südwestafrika/Namibia & Südangola = Hair-styles, head-dresses & ornaments in South West Africa/Namibia & southern Angola = Haarstyle, hooftooisels & ornamente in Suidwes-Afrika/Namibië & suidelike Angola
Redemption
Jhārkhaṇḍ āndolan, udgam evam utthān = Jharkhand movement, origin and evolution
Into the still blue
Asante identities : history and modernity in an African village, 1850-1950
The conflict of tribe and state in Iran and Afghanistan
Man in Southern Africa : the Hottentots = Die mens in Suider-Afrika : die Hottentotte
Traditional silvicultural management of bamboo as practiced by the Karen people in Hin Lad Nai village, Chiang Rai Province, North Thailand
We wish to inform you that tomorrow we will be killed with our families : stories from Rwanda
Pastoral nomads of the Central Namib Desert : the people history forgot
The creation of tribalism in Southern Africa
India and Ceylon : unity and diversity : a symposium
The Saorias of the Rajmahal
Indigenous responses to neocolonialist policies : “stop the political games!”
The complete Elfquest. Volume one
The Twa of Rwanda : assessment of the situation of the Twa and promotion of Twa rights in post-war Rwanda
The lost island
The vanishing tribes of Burma
Abstract.
Ravenheart : a novel of the Rigante
The Mysore tribes and castes. Volume 1
Sheep and land : the economics of power in a tribal society
We are one : a celebration of tribal peoples
Turok : son of stone
Mullukurumbas of Kappala
Bondo highlander
Time of the eagle
A new deal for tribal India
Leaves from the jungle : life in a Gond village
Castes and tribes of Southern India. Vol. 1-7
Suntio
The Mysore tribes and castes. Volume 4, [Kotte Okkalu-Vodda]
Journey into Mohawk country
"In 1991, certain political and military leaders in Somalia, wishing to gain exclusive control over the state, mobilized their followers to use terror—wounding, raping, and killing—to expel a vast In 1991, certain political and military leaders in Somalia, wishing to gain exclusive control over the state, mobilized their followers to use terror—wounding, raping, and killing—to expel a vast number of Somalis from the capital city of Mogadishu and south-central and southern Somalia. Manipulating clan sentiment, they succeeded in turning ordinary civilians against neighbors, friends, and coworkers. Although this episode of organized communal violence is common knowledge among Somalis, its real nature has not been publicly acknowledged and has been ignored, concealed, or misrepresented in scholarly works and political memoirs—until now. Marshaling a vast amount of source material, including Somali poetry and survivor accounts, Clan Cleansing in Somalia analyzes this campaign of clan cleansing against the historical background of a violent and divisive military dictatorship, in the contemporary context of regime collapse, and in relationship to the rampant militia warfare that followed in its wake. Clan Cleansing in Somalia also reflects on the relationship between history, truth, and postconflict reconstruction in Somalia. Documenting the organization and intent behind the campaign of clan cleansing, Lidwien Kapteijns traces the emergence of the hate narratives and code words that came to serve as rationales and triggers for the violence. However, it was not clans that killed, she insists, but people who killed in the name of clan. Kapteijns argues that the mutual forgiveness for which politicians often so lightly call is not a feasible proposition as long as the violent acts for which Somalis should forgive each other remain suppressed and undiscussed. Clan Cleansing in Somalia establishes that public acknowledgment of the ruinous turn to communal violence is indispensable to social and moral repair, and can provide a gateway for the critical memory work required from Somalis on all sides of this multifaceted conflict." --Provided by publisher.
The Soliga of Biligiri Rangana Hills
The Georgians
The whale rider
Races of northern India
The black man's burden : Africa and the curse of the nation-state
God sleeps in Rwanda : a personal journey of transformation
Contributed articles.
The African wars
Poppies : a guide to the poppy family in the wild and in cultivation
The poisoned throne
Where monsters dwell : The phantom eagle flies the savage skies
Empire of the summer moon : Quanah Parker and the rise and fall of the comanche tribe
Encyclopaedia of Indian Tribals
Rain-queens and python dance : historical colour photographs of Lovedu and Venda life in Northern Transvaal : appendix in black and white, Wenda craftsmen in 1953
Tribal society in India
Kinsmen and clansmen
The world until yesterday : what can we learn from traditional societies?
Buffalo trail : a novel of the American west
Southwestern Indian tribes
Tribal politics in Iran : rural conflict and the new state, 1921-1941
Diaries of two tours in the unadministered area east of the Naga Hills
The washing of the spears : a history of the rise of the Zulu nation under Shaka and its fall in the Zulu War of 1879
The Mysore tribes and castes. Volume 3, [Indian Christian-Koracha]
Cannibal holocaust
Man in Southern Africa : the bushmen = Die mens in Suider-Afrika : die boesmans
Study chiefly on the Munda (Indic people) of Bihar, Orissa, and Madhya Pradesh.
The last quarter of the moon
Ethiopia : peoples of the Omo Valley. 2, face and body decoration
Tribes of Uttar Pradesh and Uttranchal : ethnography and bibliography of scheduled tribes
Adult gender roles in three traditional American Indian societies
