http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6062 games
games
In nomine : a roleplaying game for 2 or more players
The field of Games is rapidly expanding, prompting institutions throughout the world to create game development programs and courses focusing on educational games. As a result, games have also become a hot topic in the area of educational technology research. This increased interest is due to the technological advancement of digital games and the fact that a new, digital generation is emerging with a strong gaming background. Games: Purpose and Potential in Education focuses on the issues of incorporating games into education and instructional design. Ideas of identity development, gender diversity, motivation, and integrating instructional design within game development are addressed since each of these areas is important in the field of instructional design and can have a significant impact on learning. This volume brings together leading experts, researchers, and instructors in the field of gaming and explores current topics in gaming and simulations, available resources, and the future of the field.
Abstract.
The Serpent River : [an Earthdawn sourcebook]
Gamification : using game elements in serious contexts
XNA 3.0 game programming recipes : a problem-solution approach
Dungeons & Dragons. Complete scoundrel : player's guide to trickery and ingenuity / Mike McArtor and F. Wesley Schneider
Throal adventures : [a collection of Earthdawn adventures]
Warhammer. Visions : Vantaa
Animation of a High-Definition 2d Fighting Game Character
From Scapegoat to Working Mule : Views on the Beneficial Aspects of Video Games in Everyday Life, Education and Business
Problematic digital gaming behavior and its relation to the psychological, social and physical health of Finnish adolescents and young adults
Android game developer's handbook : discover an all in one handbook to developing immersive and cross-platform Android games
The complete wizard's handbook
How to Share the Look and Feel of the Game Diamond Dash iOS : Making it Easier to Adapt to the Style of Diamond Dash iOS and Enhancing Communication within the Team with a Style Guide
Choco
Gamification : an overview of mechanics and application
Battlestar Galactica
The theory and practice of GO
Over the edge : the roleplaying game of surreal danger
Mobile Game Development, Mobile Market Insights and Animation Methods.
The Usborne book of fantasy quests
Countdown
Catching fire
Art, Games and Sensors Harnessed to Enhance Well-being
The Judge Dredd  : roleplaying game
Prelude to war : [an Earthdawn epic]
Study of Zumba game playing experience, related to previous knowledge of Zumba
Monetization in computer games
EverQuest role-playing game : player's handbook
20 games to create with Scratch
Collaborative 3D learning games for future learning: teachers  instructional practices to enhance shared knowledge construction among students
Kings of Mithril
Introduction to game analysis
Handbook of athletic games for players, instructors, and spectators, comprising fifteen major ball games, track and field athletics and rowing races
"Game analysis allows us to understand games better, providing insight into the player-game relationship, the construction of the game, and its sociocultural relevance. As the field of game studies grows, videogame writing is evolving from the mere evaluation of gameplay, graphics, sound, and replayablity, to more reflective writing that manages to convey the complexity of a game and the way it is played in a cultural context. Introduction to Game Analysis serves as an accessible guide to analyzing games using strategies borrowed from textual analysis. Clara Fernández-Vara's concise primer provides instruction on the basic building blocks of game analysis--examination of context, content and reception, and formal qualities--as well as the vocabulary necessary for talking about videogames' distinguishing characteristics. Examples are drawn from a range of games, both digital and non-digital--from Bioshock and World of Warcraft to Monopoly--and the book provides a variety of exercises and sample analyses, as well as a comprehensive ludography and glossary"--
Realm of wonder
The ultimate video game quiz book
Designing a guiding and tutorial free beginning for a 3D role-playing game
Design implications for digital scratch-card games
The way of the dragon
Free-to-Play Marketing Strategy: Research and Evaluation
GAMES TO PLAY
Wraith : players guide
Tarinakuutiot = Rory's story cubes = Berättarkuber  = Fantasiterninger
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Good life game prototype : designing game mechanics for group interaction
Programming internet game in Java language : a demonstration with Yatzy
Strategies of social screen play(ers) across the ecosystem of play: toys, games and hybrid social play in technologically mediated playscapes
The poetic of the bit : the interpretation and textual processes of digital fiction from an ergodic semiotic perspective.
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
Open source mazeball game for Windows Phone
Dungeons & Dragons. Complete psionic : mastering the powers of the mind / Bruce R. Cordell and Christopher Lindsay
The game
Creative teaching methods in education  : YKON ́s World Idea Game pilot-project for upper secondary schools
Exergaming usage : hedonic and utilitarian aspects
Warhammer. Visions : Espoo
Introduction to the philosophy of sport
Digital sports games and their players : playing motivations and player's assessment of the effects of playing
The hunger games. 1
Game Production and Role of Game Producer : Case study: Research on demographic of gamers in Hanoi, Vietnam
The subject of this thesis was to produce a plug-in for the Unity engine that generates three dimensional planetary terrain models suitable to be used in game development. The plug-in has three main parts: a node editor tool within Unity editor that enables visual design of noise functions to be used on the surface, a robust code for generating 3D models during runtime and a dynamic level of detail system. This thesis details the techniques used and the results of the project. The work was based on previous knowledge learned during creating a similar application using Java. The work was implemented using the Unity engine with C# programming language in MonoDevelop development environment. The work resulted in a working plug-in that was released in the Unity Asset Store.
In which year was the Atari Lynx released? To which character are Pikmin sidekicks? Who was on the cover of Fifa 95? And is Mario Teaches Typing a real game? This fantastic quiz book contains six hundred questions (and answers!) to test your knowledge, from basics a total noob would know all the way through to trivia that would challenge Satoru Iwata himself. With sections including bestsellers, genres, anagrams, henchmen, collectables, accessories and many more, this is an excellent addition to any gamer’s bookshelf.
The hunger games
The Tetris effect : the cold war battle for the world's most addictive game
Getting started with Unity 5.x 2D game development : build a tower defense game and earn delectable C# treats by baking cupcakes and fighting fearsome sweet-toothed pandas
Game art : art from 40 video games and interviews with their creators
Kid stuff : great toys from our childhood
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy?
Evaluating usability of games : A study of four Facebook games using heuristic evaluation
Playing horror : narrative and genre in Valve's Left 4 Dead Series
Modern Videogame Technology: Trends and Innovation
Deadlands : reloaded Marshal's handbook
Creating a mobile MMO game
Half - life 2 : Prima official game guide
Games : purpose and potential in education / Christopher Thomas Miller, editor
Do We Need Real-Time Hermeneutics? Structures of Meaning in Games
Shattered pattern : [an Earthdawn adventure]
Video games as new tools for political persuasion : web games of the Estonian Centre Party
The Improvements for Indie Game Development
"Let's do this together and see what we can come up with!" : Teachers' Views on Applying Game-based Pedagogy in Meaningful Ways
Guide to using social media for BelleGames
Gender, identity and representation in video games : an elective discourse-oriented course for Finnish EFL upper secondary school students
Pre-modern games in a modern world : a case of public festivals as rational recreation in 19th century Finland
Weapons of the Gods : roleplaying game
Learning in digital games : a case study of a World of Warcraft guild
Independent games : what they are and are they different
Pathfinder roleplaying game : Bestiary
Educational Application Design Process Experiences : Case Perioperative Nursing
Background and Aims      The aim of this study was to identify problematic gaming behavior among Finnish adolescents and young adults, and evaluate its connection to a variety of psychological, social, and physical health symptoms.        Methods      This cross-sectional study was conducted with a random sample of 293 respondents aged from 13 to 24 years. Participants completed an online survey. Problematic gaming behavior was measured with the Game Addiction Scale (GAS). Self-reports covered health measures such as psychological health (psychopathological symptoms, satisfaction with life), social health (preferences for social interaction), and physical health (general health, Body Mass Index [BMI], body discomfort, physical activity).        Results      Problematic gaming behavior was found to relate to psychological and health problems, namely fatigue, sleep interference, depression and anxiety symptoms. Multiple linear regression indicated that the amount of weekly gaming, depression and a preference for online social interaction predicted increased problematic gaming symptoms.        Conclusions      This research emphasized that problematic gaming behavior had a strong negative correlation to a variety of subjective health outcomes.
Games for bored adults : challenges, competitions, activities, drinking
Tower = Torni
Computer games and team and individual learning
THE COMPENDIUM OF WEAPONS, ARMOUR & CASTLES
Psychophysiology of flow experience : an explorative study
Games of many nations. E. O. Harbin
The Metabarons : roleplaying game
Visual Identity, Stylization and Game Design. Case: Harald Hirmuinen
Star Trek roleplaying game : player's guide
Trail of Cthulhu
Perspectives from Finland : towards new learning environments
Dungeons & dragons : monster manual. 2, Roleplaying game supplement
Deadlands : hell on earth : the wasted west roleplaying game
Teaching with technologies : the essential guide
Towers of the Stargazer
Technology trees and tools : constructing development graphs for digital games
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
One hundred gymnastic games
Pathfinder roleplaying game : core rulebook
The Army Game Project : creating an artefact of war
Researching potential customers for the video game as a service in the European market
Dungeons & dragons : monster manual. 3, roleplaying game core rules
Game mods : design, theory and criticism
Throal : the dwarf kingdom : [an Earthdawn sourcebook]
Mobile Game Prototype for Savonia : Game Development with Unity
Mastering SFML game development : create complex and visually stunning games using all the advanced features available in SFML development
Game on! : from Pong to Oblivion : the 50 greatest video games of all time
Female Characters in Video Games : Representation and Character Types
The riddle of steel : roleplaying with an edge
Vocational education approach: New TEL settings new prospects for teachers' instructional activities?
King Arthur Pendragon : epic roleplaying in legendary Britain
The calling
HeroQuest : Glorantha
The Wheel of Time : roleplaying game
Marketing Communication Research on Angry Birds Merchandise in China
Open Source Mazeball Game for Windows Phone
The almost well done game project : case atudy of the anti-patterns in the development process of Urban Empire
Play, comprising games for the kindergarten, playground, schoolroom and college : how to coach and play girls' basket-ball, etc
The Calling
The startup game : grow your company or inspire others to start theirs!
Basic computer games
Conan : the roleplaying game : pocket edition
Great kids games
Game design secrets : do what you never thought possible to market and monetize your iOS, Facebook, and Web games
Byrne's new standard book of pool and billiards
Process of Gamification : Gamifying a Tourism Concept
Constructing identities in San Andreas : characterizing the protagonists in Grand Theft Auto V
Market Development of Video Games : Video game markets and marketing
"Features interviews with game developers and discussion of the creative process behind video game development. Includes full-color artwork and concept art from 40 video games"
Teaching-studying-learning (TSL) processes and mobile technologies : multi-, inter- and transdisciplinary (MIT) research approaches : proceedings of the 12th International NBE 2005 Conference : September 14-17, 2005, Rovaniemi, Finland
Learn Lua for iOS game development
Producer in a Game Project : A Game Producer’s Workflow Case: Under
Investigating language acquisition in Zambia : mapping vowel confusion of a, e and i between English and ciNyanja
Tarinakuutiot : actions
Construction of a playspace : autoethnographical inquiry to temporal and spatial frames of the play experience of World of Warcraft
Warhammer : the game of fantasy battles
Mobile game for iPhone: Underwater
Advergaming developer's guide : using Macromedia Flash MX 2004 and Director MX
Original Alias : hilarious word explaining game
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
Ebele's favourite : a book of African games
Dragon age : the stolen throne
We want a 3D game : customer expectations for the games company when buying a serious game
Tarinakuutiot = Rory's story cubes = Berättarkuber = Fortælleterninger = Fantasiterninger
Dungeons & dragons : monster manual. IV
Lean Pre-production for Independent Game Development
Marketing in New Game Companies : iOS
Steam Greenlight for first-time developers : explaining Steam Greenlight from a game developer's perspective
The Chinese Mobile Game Market
Virtual goods sales : new requirements for business modelling?
"Mä koitan olla kutsumatta niit infectedeiks koska anglismi" : code-switching in Finnish online gaming videos
The psychology of music in multimedia
Rogue trader : roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
Gurps space
Dungeons & Dragons. Complete adventurer : A guide to skillful characters of all classes / Jesse Decker
The practical conduct of play
Weird new world
Educational mobile game : math jump, from concept to a published title
True20 : adventure roleplaying
Starships of the Galaxy
Internationalization, networks and industry related factors : the case of Finnish digital game industry
The Point of Clicking : Roles of Cutscenes in Adventure Games
Revenue Models of Mobile Health Applications : Free-to-play applications
Flash 10 multiplayer game essentials : create exciting real-time multiplayer games using Flash
The effect of musical tempo on video game performance
Creating and Designing Sound Effects for a Mobile Game
Computer-aided game design
Play your best pool : secrets to winning eight ball and nine ball
The complete thief's handbook
Battlestar Galactica : The board game
After two hundred years of exile, King Maric has allowed the legendary Grey Wardens to finally return to Ferelden. When they come home, however, they bring dire news: one of their own has escaped into the Deep Roads and aligned himself with their ancient enemy, the monstrous darkspawn.  The Grey Wardens need Maric's help, and he reluctantly agrees to lead them into the passages he traveled through many years before, chasing after a deadly secret that will threaten to destroy not only the Grey Wardens but also the kingdom above.
Snipe Bob: A Game for Android Mobile Phone
Experiental education of mathematics : art and games for digital natives
Dungeons & Dragons : Mordekainen's magnificent emporium : roleplaying game supplement
Hero System : Fifth edition
Performing fantasy and reality
Documents research on the impact of computer games on the learning of adults. Computer games and learning are characterized from a series of different theoretical and empirical viewpoints. Both civilian sector and military applications are presented. While effectiveness of game environments to support learning can be documented in terms of intensity and longevity of engagement (participants voting with their time), as well as the commercial success of the games, there is much less solid empirical information about what instructional outcomes are systematically achieved by the playing of individual and multiplayer games. This book will address these issues.Designed for professionals in the gaming, simulation, assessment and evaluation, educational technology, and educational psychology communities, this book explores the state of the art in the use of computer game technology for teaching and measurement of learning in adults. Its unique focus is on the empirical impact, both qualitative and quantitative, of computer games on the learning of adults.
Where's the baboon?
Procedural planet generation in game development
Collins little book of Scrabble secrets
The Hunger games
"From awkward hen and stags to boring car journeys, boozy dinner parties to Friday afternoons in the office, Games for Bored Adults is packed full of hilarious gaming inspiration to liven up any dull situation. Why not play human Buckaroo with a sleeping stranger, take on the After Eight challenge, or laugh in the face of pulled muscles in the ultimate ‘Cereal Killer’ game?  Challenge your friends, indulge your competitive streak and prove yourself the undisputed victor in a whole range of funny and imaginative games for every occasion."
Dungeons & Dragons. Spell compendium / Matthew Sernett, Jeff Grubb, Mike McArtor
Marketing analytics for Free-to-Play Games
Learning through games : a new approach to problem solving
Spirit of the century : a pulp pickup roleplaying game
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : Case Spaceship Captain –prototype
Korean games : with notes on the corresponding games of China and Japan
”WE WANT A 3D GAME” : Customer expectations for the games company when buying a serious game
Learning games and children's user experience : the effects of context
Animation of a high-definition 2d fighting game character
Apocalypse scenario #683 : the box
Unity Networking : Developing a single player game into a multiplayer game
Live-roleplay as a tool   using real world operation cultures as tools for learning
Dungeons & Dragons : Book of vile darkness
