http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6067 waste treatment
waste treatment
Biogas production from meat and pulp and paper industry by-products
As the world gets more industrialized and its population rises, the question of waste management becomes more and more relevant every day. The issues concerning solid waste management are global, and operators in different fields need to take responsibility for the waste that their operations create.     This final thesis presents a new waste management plan for the distribution warehouse of Valio Ltd. Tampere. Valio Ltd is the leading dairy product manufacturer in Finland and it employs directly and indirectly about 30 000 persons (Valio Oy 2015a, 2015b). Nearly 80 of these employees are working in the distribution warehouse of Valio Ltd. Tampere.  The work for this thesis was done between January and May 2015. The main focus points of the waste management reform in the warehouse of Valio Ltd. Tampere are the reduction of mixed waste and energy waste, and better recovery of the recyclable materials. The new plan is based on reducing the size of the waste bins and locating them close to where the waste is produced. Well-functioning waste management releases space and resources for other operations at the warehouse.    The materials that were used as source information for the new waste management plan were literature such as legislation and the waste-handling guidelines of the Tampere Regional Solid Waste Management Company. Several discussions with the employees and management of Valio Ltd. Tampere, as well as a questionnaire on the target group's recycling habits provided input for the new waste management plan.    According to the findings of this thesis, it seems that training employees and organizing their work environment so that recycling is made easy will lead to the wanted results. In this case, the results were better recovery of recyclable materials and minimization of the amount of waste being disposed of in rubbish dumps.  The new waste management plan has been successfully implemented at the warehouse, and the maintenance of waste collection points is functioning properly. The aim of the thesis was to create a well-functioning waste management plan for the Valio Ltd. Tampere distribution warehouse, and that aim has been achieved, and completed on schedule.      The public version of this thesis does not contain the layout of the warehouse (Appendix 4), and the annual amount of waste generated at the warehouse.     Key words: waste management plan, recycling, source separation.
Tools for improved efficiency and control in wastewater treatment
Treatment and hygiene of farm slurry and food waste
Effect of thermal pretreatment on chemical composition and biogas production from kitchen waste
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Vegetable Production, Quality and Process Standardization in Chain : a Worldwide Perspective, Beijing, China, October 14-17, 2008
An operations management perspective on waste management
in a food processing factory
Solid waste management and development : a case study in Lima, Peru
Wastewater treatment process
Bioremediation of surface and subsurface contamination
Discarding the throwaway society
Waste management and sustainable consumption : reflections on consumer waste
Food Industry Wastes: Assessment and Recuperation of Commodities presents emerging techniques and opportunities for the treatment of food wastes, the reduction of water footprint, and creating sustainable food systems. Written by a team of experts from around the world, this book will provide a key resource for implementing processes as well as giving researchers a starting point for the development of new options for the recuperation of these waste for community benefit. There were over 34 million tons of food waste generated in the US alone in 2009 - at a cost of approximately $43 billion. And while less than 3% of that waste was recovered and recycled, there is growing interest and development in finding ways to utilize this waste in ways that will not only reduce greenhouse gasses, but provide energy, and potentially provide resources for other purposes. Food waste is an area of focus for a wide range of related industries from food science to energy and engineering. This international authoring team represents the leading edge in research and development. Provides insights on leading areas of current research as well as looking toward future opportunities for reusing food waste.
Post-disasters solid waste management : case studies and thematic analysis
Municipal Wastewater Management in Kawempe Division, Kampala Capital City Authority
Water treatment by quaternized lignocellulose
Waste statistics
Waste food packaging materials' disposal methods : a case study of a Nigerian metropolitan city
Basics of solid and hazardous waste management technology
Washington waste minimisation workshop. Volume 1, Five Waste Streams to Reduce
Analysis of the quality of wastewater from the service stations located in the operative area of Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority
Handbook of bioremediation
Mercury immobilization : a requirement of permanent disposal of mercury waste in Sweden
Degradation of phenols in anaerobic digestion and the effects of phenols in residues on ammonium oxidation in soil
Ecological sanitation - a logical choice? : The development of the sanitation institution in a world society
Towards a recycling society : the National Waste Plan for 2016.
Co-operation between Finland and Lithuania in the development of clean technologies
Chemical interaction of fresh and saline waters with compacted bentonite
Green solutions for water and waste : science brought into action
SELF-DESIGNED WASTEWATER TREATMENT SYSTEM FOR DOMESTIC WASTEWATER : Wastewater treatment in areas outside sewer networks in Kokkola
Methodology hazardous substances in waste : methodology for identifying products with hazardous substances that cause problems in waste handling
Algae cultivation for wastewater reclamation
Odorous volatile organic compounds in waste and wastewater management
Development programme on municipal waste management 2000
Holistic Evaluation of Cruise Vessel Advanced Wastewater Purification Process through Mass Balance
Food industry wastes : assessment and recuperation of commodities
Sewage treatment equipment marketing research
Water and wastewater technology
Medical solid waste and wastewater treatment business in Vietnam : Market analysis and developing a competitive marketing strategy for selling medical solid waste and wastewater treatment equipment
Water consumption and wastewaters in fresh-cut vegetable production
Internalization decision making : case: Finnish waste water treatment company to Vietnam
Mathematical model for strategy evaluation of municipal solid waste management systems
Municipal solid waste management in Finland
World of waste : dilemmas of industrial development
Electrocoagulation (EC) is an emerging technology that combines the functions and advantages of conventional coagulation, flotation, and electrochemistry in water and wastewater treatment. The aims of this work included doing an updated literary review of recent feasible applications of EC, which were found to be plentiful. Since the economic and practical operational key figures related to EC haven’t been extensively mapped out before, this was a prime objective of this part of the work.The aim of the next part of this work was to find new feasible applications for EC in the treatment of water and wastewater. The studied wastewaters included bio- and synthetic oil-in-water emulsions, various industrial nutrient-containing wastewaters, and peat bog drainage water containing humic substances (an interesting and topical problem, especially in Finland). These studies proved the feasibility of EC. In addition, larger-scale experiments were also conducted successfully, thus proving the scalability of the EC process. Extensive economic analyses of the studied EC applications were also done. The operational costs and energy consumption of EC were found to be very low—typically about 0.1–1.0 €/m3 and 0.4–4.0 kWh/m3.It has been forecasted that in the future there will be a shortage of virgin phosphorus. Therefore, another essential purpose of this work was to conduct a preliminary study on the feasibility of using EC for nutrient (especially phosphorus, but also nitrogen) removal and recovery from different types of real wastewater. Specifically, it may be possible to use EC sludges containing notable amounts of phosphorus and nitrogen as additives in granulated bio ash-based fertilizer products for various applications. This is a novel idea and a “hot topic” in the waste utilization sector and in circular and bioeconomy.^
Heavy metal bonding and remediation conditions in electrokinetically treated waste medias
Water Engineering : Hydraulics, Distribution and Treatment
Heat and mass transfer under plasma conditions
Manual for sorting of waste for waste-to-energy systems
Wastewater treatment using genetically engineered microorganisms
Pig waste management and recycling : the Singapore experience
Waste policy : international regulation, comparative and contextual perspectives
Waste treatment in the food processing industry
1991 Environmental conference, Hilton Palacio Del Rio/San Antonio Convention Center, San Antonio, TX, April 7-10 : proceedings
Practical views to disinfection and carcass disposal for Avian Influenza
Implementation of pulp and paper sludge in anaerobic wetdigester : Pilot scale Mobile Biogas plant technology
Papers of the 11th World Clean Air and Environment Congress : Durban, South Africa, 14-18 September 1998 : theme: the interface between developing and developed countries
Waste and environmental policy
Waste management and the environment : collection of publications from the Department of Environmental Conservation
The quality and quantity of waste collected in a pipeline-based waste collection system : case Jätkäsaari and case Kalasatama
Re-defining the concepts of waste and waste management : evolving the theory of waste management
Microbes at work : from wastes to resources
Thermophilic anaerobic digestion of source separated institutional food waste and kitchen waste
Purification of aqueous electrolyte solutions by air-cooled natural freezing
Solid waste management in the world's cities : water and sanitation in the world's cities 2010
Treatment of waste sludges from the pulp and paper industry
Biological waste treatment
Agricultural waste management and environmental protection, 1987, 11-14 May, Braunschweig : 4th International CIEC symposium : proceedings. Vol. 2
Biotechnology for the environment : strategy and fundamentals
Green solutions for water and waste
International directory of solid waste management : the ISWA yearbook
Environmental systems analysis of organic waste management : the ORWARE model and the sewage plant and anaerobic digestion submodels
Waste management problems in agro-industries : proceedings of an IAWPRC Symposium held in Istanbul, Turkey, 25-27 September 1989
National contributions on suspended solids from land-based fish farms : papers presented at the first session of the EIFAC working party on fish farm effluents : the Hague, Netherlands, 29-30 May and 1 June 1987
West Africa clean studies : proceedings of the 1st and 2nd International Conferences of Waste Management : Lagos, Nigeria, 2000 and 2001
Combined thermal treatment of CCA-wood waste and municipal sewage sludge for arsenic emissions control
Environmental biotechnology : concepts and applications
Soils in waste treatment and utilization. Vol. 2, Pollutant containment, monitoring, and closure
International directory of solid waste management 1995/6 : the ISWA yearbook
World animal science. B 6, Animal prodution and environmental health
PCB in the Russian Federation : inventory and proposals for priority remedial actions : executive summary ..
Systems analysis of small-scale systems for food supply and organic waste management. Olof Thomsson
Chlorophenol-degrading actinomycetes : molecular ecology and bioremediation properties
Baltic Sea sewage port reception facilities : HELCOM Overview 2014
Aerobic wastewater treatment under high and varying temperatures : thermophilic process performance and effluent quality
Organosolv pulping : a review and distillation study related to peroxyacid pulping
A guide for reduction and disposal of waste from oil refineries and marketing installations
Policy of Onsite and Small-Scale Wastewater Treatment Options in 	Finland
Topics in wastewater treatment
Anaerobic digestion of organic by-products from meat-processing industry : the effect of pre-treatments and co-digestion
Domestic waste
Symposium on the management of radioactive wastes from fuel reprocessing : Proceedings of a symposium organised jointly by the OECD Nuclear energy agency and the International atomic energy agency, OECD, Paris, 27th Nov.- 1st Dec. 1972 = Colloque sur la gestion des déchets radioactifs résultant du traitement du combustible irradié
Combining ecological and economic assessment of waste management options : case newspaper
Sewage Sludge Treatment for Energy Purpose in China : Waste Treatment in China
World animal science. A 6, Microbiology of animals and animal products
Catalytic wet air oxidation of industrial wastewaters:oxidation of bisphenol A over cerium supported metal catalysts
Inorganic ion exhangers for decontamination of radioactive wastes generated by the nuclear power plants
Business Plan : Residential Solid Waste Collection
The orware simulation model : anaerobic digestion and sewage plant sub-models
Planning of laboratory scale gray water recycling systems
Micellar-enhanced ultrafiltration for the removal of heavy metals from phosphorous-rich wastewaters : from end-of-pipe to clean technology
Environmental biotechnology for waste treatment
This book provides a contemporary approach to the study of bilingualism. Drawing on contributions from leading experts in the field, this book brings together - in a single volume - a selection of the exciting work conducted as part of the programme of the ESRC Centre for Research on Bilingualism in Theory and Practice at Bangor University, Wales. Each chapter has as its main focus an exploration of the relationship between the two languages of a bilingual. Section by section, the authors draw on current findings and methodologies to explore the ways in which their research can address this question from a number of different perspectives.
Applying anaerobic digestion for onsite treatment of domestic wastewater and biowaste at low temperature in Finland - considering the Chinese experiences
Toinen jätehuollon tutkimusseminaari 1991 = proceedings: second Finnish Research Seminar on Solid Waste Management
Sweden's first national report under the Joint Convention on the Safety of Spent Fuel Management and on the Safety of Radioactive Waste Management : Swedish implementation of the obligations of the Joint Convention
Degradation and transformation of chlorinated phenolic compounds by strains of Rhodococcus and Mycobacterium
Treatment of Wastewater from Mineral Processing by using Algae
Nutrient and bacterial load transport in the River Vuoksi : model based estimation of aquatic effects from present and planned wastewater treatment plants
Treatment and disposal of polyurethane wastes : options for recovery and recycling
Assembling and testing of laboratory scale grey water treatment system
Reception of wastes from ships in the Baltic Sea Area - a MARPOL 73/78 special area
Anaerobic treatment of municipal solid waste and sludge for energy production and recycling of nutrients : the second Nordic Workshop, 1-2 october 1992, Joensuu, Finland
Implementation and Process of Biogas Plant in Food Industry
Food waste and sustainable food waste management in the Baltic Sea Region
The ethics of waste : how we relate to rubbish
Wireless sensor system for recycling
Farm wastes management
Effects of biochar addition on anaerobic digestion and comparison of different biochar qualities
Latest developments in livestock housing : seminar of the 2nd technical section of the C.I.G.R. : University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, Illinois USA June 22-26, 1987.
Proceedings from Workshop on System Studies of Integrated Solid Waste Management in Stockholm 2-3 april 2001
Converting gas and waste water treatment by OG-system in steel smelting industry
Marketing strategies to supply the waste water treatment equipment for pulp and paper plants in Vietnam
Ultrasound-assisted electrochemical treatment of wastewaters containing organic pollutants by using novel Ti/Ta2O5-SnO2 electrodes
Wastewater treatment pilot
Advanced instrumentation, data interpretation, and control of biotechnological processes
Water-related problems are increasing globally, and new, low-cost technologies are needed to resolve them. Lignocellulosic waste materials contain reactive functional groups that can be used to provide a bio-based platform for the production of water treatment chemicals. Research on bio-based ion exchange materials in the treatment of real wastewaters is needed.In this thesis, anion exchange materials were prepared through chemical modification (epichlorohydrin, ethylenediamine and triethylamine) using five Finnish lignocellulosic materials as bio-based platforms. Scots pine sawdust and bark (Pinus sylvestris), Norway spruce bark (Picea abies), birch bark (Betula pendula/pubescens) and peat were chosen due to their local availability and abundance. The focus was placed on NO3- removal, but uptake of heavy metals, such as nickel, was also observed and studied. Studies on maximum sorption capacity, mechanism, kinetics, and the effects of temperature, pH and co-existing anions were used to elucidate the sorption behaviour of the prepared materials in batch and column tests.All five materials removed over 70% of NO3- at pH 3–10 (initial conc. 30 mg N/l). Quaternized pine sawdust worked best (max. capacity 32.8 mg NO3-N/g), and also in a wide temperature range (5–70°C). Column studies on quaternized pine sawdust using mining wastewater and industrial wastewater from a chemical plant provided information about the regeneration of exhausted material and its suitability for industrial applications. Uptake of Ni, V, Co and U was observed. Column studies proved the easy regeneration and reusability of the material.For comparison, pine sawdust was also modified using N-(3-chloro-2-hydroxypropyl) trimethylammonium chloride and utilized to remove NO3- from groundwater and industrial wastewater. A maximum sorption capacity of 15.3 mg NO3-N/g was achieved for the synthetic solution. Overall, this thesis provides valuable information about bio-based anion exchange materials and their use in real waters and industrial applications.
Inorganic ion exchangers for decontamination of radioactive wastes generated by the nuclear power plants
Earth-friendly waste management
Non-waste technology. Espoo, June 20-23, 1988. 2
Emissions of ammonia, nitrous oxide and methane during composting of organic household waste
The Earth summit : the United Nations conference on environment and development (UNCED) [held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, June 3-14, 1992]
Supervision of the sanitary quality of composting in the Nordic countries : evaluation of 16 full-scale facilities
Comparative study of hospital waste management and separation at site : case study of Tampere University hospital in Tampere, Finland and Muhimbili National hospital in Dar-es-Salam, Tanzania
Utilization of pressurized hot water and supercritical water in the treatment of polluted water and soil
Sustainability science and engineering. Vol. 2, Sustainable water for the future : water recycling versus desalination
Canadian Water and Wastewater Association bulletin
Commissioning of a Small-Scale Wastewater Treatment Plant
Earth summit '92 : the United Nations conference on environment and development (UNCED) Rio de Janeiro 1992
Utilization of electrocoagulation for water and wastewater treatment and nutrient recovery : techno-economic studies
Trashed
Hazardous waste minimization handbook
UVC irradiation based water treatment : astudy of UV light emitting diodes, atomic layer deposited TiO2 and novel applications
Effects of waste treatment technique and quality of waste on bioaerosols in Finnish waste treatment plants
System analysis of waste management : the ORWARE model, transport and compost sub-models
Making use of tannery chromium containing sludge as feed for biogas plant
Washington waste minimisation workshop. Volume 2, Which policies, which tools?
Amenability of pulp mill wastes to anaerobic treatment
Waste management plan for Valio Ltd. Tampere distribution warehouse
Anaerobic on-site wastewater treatment at low temperatures
Possibilities for sustainable nutrient recycling by faecal separation combined with urine diversion
Waste recycling development programme 1986-1995
Storing, handling and spreading of manure and municipal waste : seminar of the 2nd and 3rd technical section of the C.I.G.R., September 20-22, 1988.
Controlled water use is an important component of sustainable fresh-cut vegetable production because of limited water resources, and also for controlling the quality of wastewater re-used in vegetable processing or for irrigating on fields. In our study the water consumption in vegetable processing plants varied from 1.5 to 5.0 m3 t-1 of finished product. In one plant, monitored over three years, almost 90% of water was used for washing and rinsing of vegetables, but more than 90% of the organic load of the wastewater was generated from the processing stage. The results including organic load and the microbial quality of the wastewaters showed that the wastewater should be treated beforere-use.Separate treating of wastewaters from processing stage is recommended.  Pre-treatment of wastewater using precipitation chemicals and sedimentation in basins decreased the organic load and total solids in the water, allowing further treatment of the waters.
Market analysis and business opportunity evaluation of entering Chinese medical waste treatment industry
