http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6066 waste management
waste management
Executive summary (s. 9-23).
Effects of developing country policies on agricultural services, extension, rural infrastructure and energy, health care, water and sanitation
Trashed
Economic instruments in solid waste management
A review of options : a memorandum providing guidance on the options available for waste treatment and disposal
Individual financial guarantee for future waste electrical and electronic equipment
Technical assistance to the Kingdom of Thailand for the solid waste management sector plan
Environmental goods and services sector
Where do garbage trucks go? : and other questions about ... trash and recycling
Environmental biotechnology
Proposal for New Waste Management System in Nigeria (Lagos State)
An Investigation on Managing the Recovery of Hazardous Household Waste in Rustenburg, South Africa : A Preliminary Operational Plan of Pilleri II
Resource and environmental management in Canada : addressing conflict and uncertainty
Structure of waste handling business in St. Petersburg
Waste treatment and disposal systems for cruise ship installation
Engineered barrier systems (EBS) in the safety case : design confirmation and demonstration : workshop proceedings, Tokyo, Japan, 12-15 September 2006.
Footwear manufacturing wastes - waste classification and management
Producer responsibility and supplementary transport of municipal packaging waste : case: Päijät-Häme waste management region
Municipal wastewater treatment with special reference to the central wastewater treatment plant in Poznan, Poland
The Use of Thermodynamic Databases in Performance Assessment : workshop proceedings, Barcelona, Spain, 29-30 May, 2000.
Appropriate technology for the treatment of waste-waters for small rural communities : report on a WHO meeting, Lyon, 7-11 June 1982.
Waste management project in the Cook Islands
Waste treatment and disposal
A guide to green revolution : proper waste management
Experiences of dry sanitation in Southern Africa
Porewater extraction from argillaceous rocks for geochemical characterisation : methods and interpretation
Post-disasters solid waste management : case studies and thematic analysis
Proceedings of the Workshop on Long-Lived Radionuclide Chemistry in Nuclear Waste Treatment, Villeneuve-lès-Avignon, France 18-20 June 1997
Dirty old London : the Victorian fight against filth
Solid waste handbook : a practical guide
Phosphorus removal and recovery technologies
"Exploring the dramatic growth and changes in the field of vermicomposting since 1988, this comprehensive review assesses the advancements made in government-funded projects in the U.S. and UK. It discusses outdoor or indoor windows, container systems, wedge systems, and low labor-requirement, fully-automated continuous flow vermicomposting reactor systems that can process more than 1000 tons of organic wastes per reactor. It also highlights the science and biology behind the use and efficacy of vermicomposting and details the technology of the past, present, and future"--Provided by publisher.
Waste management in European law : the example of Naples and Campania
Geotechnical practice for waste disposal
Vermiculture technology : earthworms, organic wastes, and environmental management
Environmental biotechnology : theory and application
Effects of waste treatment technique and quality of waste on bioaerosols in Finnish waste treatment plants
Waste regulation law
ISWA BEACON : 2nd International Conference on Final Sinks : Sinks a Vital Element of Modern Waste Management : 16-18 May 2013, Espoo, Finland
Towards Active and Working Life Orientated Learning : teaching methods for teachers and training providers
Evaluation of opportunities in e-waste processing facility investment in Pune, India
Initiating a Community-Based Solid Waste Management System in a Rural Community in Ghana: A Practical Framework : Case: Akrofu-Xeviwofe
West Africa clean studies : proceedings of the 1st and 2nd international conferences on waste management : Lagos, Nigeria, 2000 and 2001
Waste Management in Northern Towns of Namibia
Economic aspects of extended producer responsibility
Leachate management in the aftercare period of municipal waste landfills
Executive summary (s. 7-10).
The self-sufficient life and how to live it : the complete back-to-basics guide
Disposal of radioactive waste : review of safety assessment methods
Waste prevention in Europe : the status in 2013
Animal, Agricultural and Food Processing Wastes IX : proceedings of the Ninth International Symposium, 12-15 October, 2003, Raleigh, North Carolina
Waste statistics
Design and operation of radioactive waste incineration facilities
Quality assurance for radioactive waste packages
An approach for evaluating the effects of source separation on municipal solid waste management
Handbook of environmental engineering calculations
Environmental law : the law and policy relating to the protection of the environment
Waste : annual topic update 1999
Timing of high-level waste disposal
International directory of solid waste management : the ISWA yearbook
Solid waste management in Nairobi city and the town of Limuru, in Kenya
Sanitation and hygiene in Africa : where do we stand? : analysis from the AfricaSan Conference, Kigali, Rwanda
Organising waste in the city : international perspectives on narratives and practices
Abstract (s. 5).
Waste management plan for Farmari 2005 Agricultural Fair of Finland
Grant assistance (financed by the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction) to the Lao People's Democratic Republic for the solid waste management and income generation for Vientiane's poor project
Community policy concerning the management of dangerous waste
Canadian Water and Wastewater Association bulletin
Plastic wastes : management, control, recycling and disposal
Regulatory reviews of assessments of deep geologic repositories : lessons learnt = Évaluation des dépôts géologiques profonds dans un contexte réglementaire : enseignements tirés
Processing wastes and waste-derived fuels containing brominated flame retardants
Report on the working visit to Nakuru, October 2013 : the north-south local government co-operation programme 2011-2013, the municipalities of Hämeenlinna and Nakuru
Siting a waste storage area within SMAA-O method
Achievements and challenges of sustainable development in Helsinki
Risk assessment of modern landfill structures in Finland
Environmental impact assessment for waste treatment and disposal facilities
Lengthening the life cycle of automobiles as a business idea : Case studies Fangmbeng & Son’s Shipping ay
Waste management and recycling study in Namibia : case study of Keetmanshoop and Ondangwa
Application for a government decision-in-principle regarding the construction of a nuclear power plant as referred to in Section 11 of the Nuclear Energy Act (990/1987)
"Co-edited by international earthworm expert Clive A. Edwards, <STRONG>Vermiculture Technology: Earthworms, Organic Wastes, and Environmental Management</STRONG>is the first international, comprehensive, and definitive work on how earthworms and microorganisms interact to break down organic wastes on a commercial basis. Many books cover the importance of composting for reducing the amount of organic wastes in landfills. This reference focuses on innovative vermiculture technology that turns organic waste into a value-added environmentally friendly products that can improve soil fertility and productivity on a large scale.<h3>Chronicles more than two decades of growth and changes in earthworm composting technology</h3>Based on the work of an outstanding international cast of scientists, the book explores the dramatic growth and changes in vermiculture technology since 1988 and assesses advances made in government-funded projects in the United States and United Kingdom. The contributors discuss outdoor and indoor windrows, container systems, wedge systems, and low labor-requirement, fully-automated continuous flow vermicomposting reactor systems that can process more than 1000 tons of organic wastes per reactor per annum. They also highlight the science and biology behind the use and efficacy of vermicomposting, examine its importance to developing countries, and detail the technology of the past, present, and future.Although the development of a range of vermicomposting technologies has been rapid and the spread of vermicomposting dramatic, the scientific literature remains scattered throughout a range of journals, newsletters, and online resources. As a compilation of information designed specifically to have an extended shelf life, this volume chronicles how vermiculture can be brought into full commercial and industrial development and find application in integrated waste management systems"--Provided by publisher.
Entrophy : Müll und Kunst = garbage and art
Environment conscious manufacturing
Assessing greenhouse gas emission from waste management in EU countries
Strengths and challenges in the Finnish waste electrical and electronic equipment recovery system:consumers’ perceptions and participation
Solid waste management and development : a case study in Lima, Peru
Case studies on tailings management
KYT 2010 review report
Building services engineering
IMPROVING SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT IN THE DAR ES SALAAM COASTAL BELT, TANZANIA
Visitor centres at nuclear facility sites : proceedings of an international seminar, Madrid (Spain) 2-5 November 1992 = Les centres de visiteurs sur les sites d'installations nucléaires : compte rendu d'un séminaire international, Madrid (Espagne) 2-5 novembre 1992.
Handbook of EU waste law
Management of separated plutonium : the technical options
IMA - SIDS Indian Ocean, Mediterranean Sea and Atlantic Ocean small island developing states waste management strategy : with special emphasis on minimisation and resource recovery
Sustainable villages in northern conditions : review on sanitation alternatives in rural areas
See inside recycling and rubbish
A directory of environmentally sound technologies for the integrated management of solid, liquid, and hazardous waste for small island developing states (SIDS) in the Indian, Mediterranean and Atlantic region
Medical Waste, Categorisation and Handling : An Application of the Index Number Theory
Twenty best practices for creating a sustainable country
Waste policy : international regulation, comparative and contextual perspectives
Domestic waste
Green solutions for water and waste : science brought into action
Co-operation between Finland and Lithuania in the development of clean technologies
Market analysis and business opportunity evaluation of entering Chinese medical waste treatment industry
Medical solid waste and wastewater treatment business in Vietnam : Market analysis and developing a competitive marketing strategy for selling medical solid waste and wastewater treatment equipment
Future human actions at disposal sites : a report of the NEA Working Group on Assessment of Future Human Actions at Radioactive Waste Disposal Sites
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by recycling plastics and textiles into products
GERMAN TEXTILE RECYCLING BENCHMARKING  Case I: CO
Policy effectiveness evaluation : the effectiveness of urban wastewater treatment and packaging waste management systems
The economics of the nuclear fuel cycle
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
Nordtest method. NT ENVIR
Being wise with waste : the EU's approach to waste management
The Environmental Dictionary EnDic covers a wide field of environmental protection and nature conservation - e.g. such fields as meteorology, hydrology, environmental engineering, water supply and wastewater treatment, waste management, and the environmental policy of the EU.
Executive summary (s. 9-10).
Systems evolution of waste and by-product management and bioenergy production
Dealing with interests, values and knowledge in managing risk : workshop proceedings, Brussels, Belgium, 18-21 November 2003.
Water supply and sewerage and waste management in communities : final report of Communities' Water and Environment Project
Reception of wastes from ships in the Baltic Sea Area - a MARPOL 73/78 special area
Microalgae - Energy Production and Wastewater Purification : Three Scenarios for Microalgae Cultivation in the Kujala Waste Management Center
A manual for water and waste management : what the tourism industry can do to improve its performance
How far does it go? : the Buenos Aires water concession a decade after the reform
Waste management : concerns and challenges
Operation of spent fuel storage facilities
Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign : fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change
Used tyres in solid waste management
Waste management profiles : data from the waste management data base
Municipal solid waste management in Guangzhou City, China
Diverting waste from landfill : effectivenes of waste-management policies in the European Union
Dry sanitation projects in Swaziland and Zambia : final review of experiences from Msunduza, Kaloko and Madinba
The role of conceptual models in demostrating repository post-closure safety : proceedings of an NEA Workshop, Paris, 16-18 November 1993.
Executive summary (s. 7-13).
Executive summary (s. 7-8).
JYT : Publicly Financed Nuclear Waste Management Research Programme : annual report 1992
Rubbish & recycling
Comparative study of hospital waste management and separation at site : case study of Tampere University hospital in Tampere, Finland and Muhimbili National hospital in Dar-es-Salam, Tanzania
The waste crisis : landsfills, incinerators and the search for a substainable future
The ethics of waste : how we relate to rubbish
Greening food and beverage services : a Green SealTM guide to transforming the industry
Executive summary (s. 5).
An operations management perspective on waste management
in a food processing factory
This book provides a contemporary approach to the study of bilingualism. Drawing on contributions from leading experts in the field, this book brings together - in a single volume - a selection of the exciting work conducted as part of the programme of the ESRC Centre for Research on Bilingualism in Theory and Practice at Bangor University, Wales. Each chapter has as its main focus an exploration of the relationship between the two languages of a bilingual. Section by section, the authors draw on current findings and methodologies to explore the ways in which their research can address this question from a number of different perspectives.
Solid waste analysis and minimization : a systems approach
Ecological sanitation - a logical choice? : The development of the sanitation institution in a world society
A guide to sustainable developments : waste management
Strategic guidelines for integrated waste management in small island developing countries
Hazardous and industrial waste treatment
Abstract: Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign : fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change. This paper is a research performed for finding solutions to increase the amount of waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea. The paper presents the main characteristics that differentiate social marketing from the traditional business marketing most important being the attributes of the product and its cost. They are presented the among the relevant theories for understanding what social marketing is. The implementation of the theory is supported by reviewing relevant literature and demonstrating case studies. Social marketing is more than advertising. As in business marketing, the best result requires the consistent use of the whole marketing mix. The process starts by indicating the target audience and the barriers they face for performing the desired behaviour. The benefits of the behaviour have to be highlighted in contrast to costs. The message has to be developed to be personal, easy to understand and remember and it has to clearly state what is expected from the audience. Among various tools, the most powerful tool in increasing the motivation of the people was noticed to be to generate involvement and empowering the people in the target audience. The paper works as an overview of the problems and solutions. Lack of deep primary and secondary research prevented the development of a proper and extensive marketing plan.
Developing the waste management system in Dhaka City, Bangladesh.
Animal cities : beastly urban histories
Public confidence in the management of radioactive waste : the Canadian context : workshop proceedings, Ottawa, Canada, 14-18 October 2002
The quality and quantity of waste collected in a pipeline-based waste collection system : case Jätkäsaari and case Kalasatama
Water and wastewater technology
Stakeholder's involvement in municipal solid waste management : a case study of Nairobi city county- Kenya
Water Engineering : Hydraulics, Distribution and Treatment
Knowledge, Attitudes and Practices of Coastal Communities on Waste Management in Ghana
Waste prevention in Europe : the status in 2014
Following on from the successful first edition of Waste Treatment & Disposal, this second edition has been completely updated, and provides comprehensive coverage of waste process engineering and disposal methodologies. Concentrating on the range of technologies available for household and commercial waste, it also presents readers with relevant legislative background material as boxed features. NEW to this edition: Increased coverage of re-use and recycling Updating of the usage of different waste treatment technologies Increased coverage of new and emerging technologies for waste treatment and disposal A broader global perspective with a focus on comparative international material on waste treatment uptake and waste management policies.
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by recycling plastics and textiles into products.
Effluent-free BCTMP- and DIP-plant : a final report
Promoting waste prevention in industry : search for policy instruments
Executive summary (s. 9-13).
Recycling construction & demolition waste : a LEED-based toolkit
A look at different ways to manage waste including methods of disposal, waste handling and transport, and other waste management concepts
Waste : annual topic update 1998
Sanitation options for Kibera low-income area in Nairobi
Seminar on Reception Facilities in Ports, Turku, Finland, 16-19 November 1992 : reception of ship-generated wastes: report of the Seminar on Reception ..
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
Siting of near surface disposal facilities
The Mcgraw-Hill recycling handbook
Evaluation of opportunities in large scale e-waste processing facility investement in China
Sustainable solid waste management through recycling : case composting at Buhongwa dumpsite in Mwanza City, Tanzania
Waste research development programme 1981...1985 : summary [publ. by] Waste Management Advisory Committee
Our global environment : a health perspective
Nuclear waste and the environment : proceedings from an international seminar on Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) and its role in connection with the final disposal of nuclear waste, Lulee, Sweden, 24-26 October 1994 : a National Council for Nuclear Waste (KASAM) report
Ecological alternatives in sanitation : proceedings from Sida Sanitation Workshop, Balingsholm, Sweden 6-9 August 1997
Control of hospital infection : a practical handbook
Effect of an open wash prior to kraft pulp bleaching
Essential environment : the science behind the stories
Mercury and arsenic wastes : removal, recovery, treatment and disposal
Feasibility study on the biogas production from organic wastes generated at the University of Jyväskylä
Nigeria`s WEEE market : business opportunity for Finnish SMEs
Referat (1 s.).
Informal organic waste market in Cochabamba, Bolivia : waste management behaviour of marketplace vendors and utilisation of waste resources by agricultural producers
The status of near-field modelling : proceedings of a technical workshop - Cadarache, France, 11-13 May 1993 = L'etat de la modélisation du champ proche : compte rendu d'une réunion de travail technique - Cadarache, France, 11-13 mai 1993.
