http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6079 risk assessment
risk assessment
Principles of exposure measurement in epidemiology : collecting, evaluating and improving measures of disease risk factors
Does risk aversion accelerate optimal forest rotation under uncertainty?
Risk assessment of modern landfill structures in Finland
Additional human exposure information for gasoline substance risk assessment (period 2002-2007)
The book of risk
Risk adjustment in coronary bypass grafting : how EuroSCORE is related to cost, health-related quality of life, and cost-effectiveness
Studies on the validity and reliability of the Structured Assessment of Violence Risk in Youth (SAVRY) in Finnish institutional settings
Immunotoxicology and immunopharmacology
Abstract: The topic of this thesis is vetting inspections on chemical tankers.  Vetting ships, particularly tankers is nowadays a part of every day life in shipping. The  primary purpose of the vetting is to monitor the safety of the ships. In addition to the  international safety regulations the oil and chemical companies have created a uniform  way to inspect the ships to improve the safe transport of the goods: SIRE and CDI.  Vetting itself means risk assessment.  The SIRE (Ship Inspection Report) system was established by the Oil Companies  International Marine Forum (OCIMF) in 1993 to ensure the safe provision and operation  of tankers. The SIRE system is used by oil tankers, combination carriers, shuttle tankers,  chemical tankers and gas tankers.  At the same time with SIRE, the CDI (Chemical Distribution Institute) was created by the  chemical industry to make similar improvements on the safety and quality performance of  bulk liquid shipping as the SIRE. The CDI system is used by chemical and liquid  petroleum gas (LPG) tankers.  Vetting inspections are only part of the overall screening process. Inspections, both SIRE  and CDI provide information as a database on operation of vessel and effectiveness of  operator's management system as input to vetting assessment.  This thesis' objective is to explain comprehensively about vetting inspections from the  perspective of the crew members, chartering, operator and management. The purpose is  also to describe the physical inspection onboard and the effects of it to the organizations  onshore for the reason that the performance of the vetting inspections is a permanent,  highly relevant part of the job onboard.
"Risk assessment and risk management are top of every mental health trust's agenda. This concise and easy-to-read book provides an informative and practical guide to the process of undertaking a risk assessment, arriving at a formulation and then developing a risk management plan. Covering everything a practitioner may have to think about when undertaking risk assessments in an accessible, logical form, the book includes practice recommendations rooted in the latest theory and evidence base. Attractively presented, plentiful clinical tip boxes, tables, diagrams and case examples make it easy to identify key information. Samples of authentic dialogue demonstrate ways in which to formulate questions and think about complex problems with the person being assessed. A series of accompanying films, professionally made and based on actual case studies, are available on a companion website, further illustrate key risk assessment and management skills. This accessible guidebook is designed for all mental health professionals, and professionals-in-training. It will also be a useful reference for healthcare practitioners who regularly come into contact with people experiencing mental health problems." -- (takakansi)
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : seventy-third report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Children's health and the environment : a global perspective : a resource manual for the health sector
"High-level guidance for implementing enterprise risk management in any organization. A Practical Guide to Risk Management shows organizations how to implement an effective ERM solution, starting with senior management and risk and compliance professionals working together to categorize and assess risks throughout the enterprise. Detailed guidance is provided on the key risk categories, including financial, operational, reputational, and strategic areas, along with practical tips on how to handle risks that overlap across categories. Provides high-level guidance on how to implement enterprise risk management across any organization Includes discussion of the latest trends and best practices Features the role of IT in ERM and the tools that are available in both assessment and on-going compliance Discusses the key challenges that need to be overcome for a successful ERM initiative Walking readers through the creation of ERM architecture and setting up on-going monitoring and assessment processes, this is an essential book for every CFO, controller and IT manager"--
Induction of oxidative stress by the herbicides atrazine and isoproturon on cultured fish cells
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-seventh report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Air sampling and industrial hygiene engineering
Trophic interactions and impacts of non-indigenous species in Baltic Sea coastal ecosystems
Urban resilience : planning for risk, crisis and uncertainty
The main task for most development-intensive organisations is to create, develop and commercialise new products and services. The technology push (TP) concept is considered an important competitive advantage for companies trying to create breakthrough products. Because development processes are risky and failure rates are high, especially in the case of technology pushed projects, defined success factors are valuable knowledge for the management of development-intensive firms.The prime objective of this study is to present a compact set of TP project success factors in an information and communication technology (ICT) context. Because the literature on new product development and innovation has presented many success factors for developed products, but has done so in a way that presents the factors as having a nebulous nature, the specification of TP success factors is also presented. The success factors are also empirically validated. The goal of the validation was to determine the relevance of the success factors introduced, and potentially define new ones. The validation was performed through an empirical study with semi-structured company interviews.As a result of this study we concluded that one success factor defined through the literature review should be removed due to a lack of relevance, that the other twelve success factors were validated, and three new success factors were identified during the empirical study. Eventually fifteen TP success factors are defined and presented.The practical relevance of this study is to help firm management to recognise the real actions needed to reduce product development risks. The theoretical relevance is in helping scholars to focus on key issues when studying the key factors of breakthrough development cases.
Sfs-käsikirja. 93-8, Koneiden turvallisuus : Safety of machinery. Osa 8: Ohjaimet, merkinantolaitteet, merkinantosignaalit, turvamerkinnät ; Manual controls, displays, signals, safety signs
Campylobacter is a leading cause of enteric infections in many countries. The principal reservoir of pathogenic Campylobacter spp. is the alimentary tract of wild and domesticated mammals and birds. FAO and WHO have undertaken a risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens. An interpretative summary of that work is described in this volume. This assessment compared the risk for a variety of scenarios and mitigation measures for control of the organism in a range of broiler chicken products. This volume contains information that is useful to both risk assessors and risk managers, governments and food regulatory agencies, industry and other people or institutions with an interest in Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens, the public health impact and the use of risk assessment in the evaluation and selection of potential control strategies--Publisher's description.
Nanotechnology and the public : risk perception and risk communication
Internal control - integrated framework : illustrative tools for assessing effectiveness of a system of internal control
The social response to environmental risk : policy formulation in an age of uncertainty
Computational toxicology : methods and applications for risk assessment
Risk assessment : a practitioner's guide to predicting harmful behaviour
Risk management : challenge and opportunity
A Bayesian network based on-line risk prediction framework for interdependent critical infrastructures
Assessments are to change the world : prerequisites for effective environmental health assessment
34th R3-Nordic Contamination Control Symposium Turku, Finland, June 2-4, 2003
Occupational health : risk assessment and management
A review of credit ratings and credit risk modeling : some evidence for Finnish firms' credit quality migrations
HCR-20 V3 assessing risk for violence : user guide
Evaluation of certain veterinary drug residues in food : seventy-fifth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Genomics in regulatory ecotoxicology : applications and challenges
Environmental impact assessment methodologies
The influence of self-perceived, subjective attributes on investment behavior
Working principles for risk analysis for food safety for application by governments = Principes de travail pour l'analyse des risques en matière de sécurité sanitaire des aliments destinés à être appliqués par les gouvernements = Principios prácticos sobre el análisis de riesgos para la inocuidad de los alimentos aplicables por los gobiernos
Analysing corporate credit
The global personnel safety and security reporting of the European subsidiaries of Wärtsilä Corporation
Use of computational tools for rapid sorting and prioritising of organic compounds causing environmental risk with estrogenic and cytochrome P450 activity
Assessing information security : strategies, tactics, logic and framework
Crisis assessment, intervention, and prevention
Working with violence : policies and practices in risk assessment and management
Risk management for insurers : risk control, economic capital and solvency II
A guide to making better decisions with our money, health and personal lives. This book shows how we can all use simple rules to become better-informed, risk-savvy citizens.
The art and science of security risk assessment
Encyclopedia of quantitative risk analysis and assessment. Vol 3
The ethics of technological risk
The role of sorption in the ecological risk assessment of xenobiotics
Managing and measuring capital : for banks and financial institutions
Risk Assessment Procedures In Audit Planning : The case of Mazars Vietnam Co., Ltd
Internal control - integrated framework : executive summary
Containing the uncontainable : comparing policies of risk regulation in genetic engineering
Evidence-based violence risk assessment in psychiatric inpatient care : an implementation study
TAMK Logistics Innovation Laboratory : Project Logivo
Handbook of ecotoxicology
Research priorities in environmental risk assessment : workshop report, 16-21 August 1987, Breckenridge, Colorado
The illusion of certainty : health benefits and risks
Safety, health and productivity of cold work:a management model, implementation and effects
How to measure the environmental risks from uses of plant protection products for achieving the IPM requirements and risk communication : a case study on the production chain of cereal farming in Finland
SENN2015 : International Congress on Safety of Engineered Nanoparticles and Nanotechnologies 12-15 April 2015 Marina Congress Center, Helsinki, Finland : programme and abstracts
Safety, health and productivity of cold work : a management model, implementation and effects
"This book presents a unique, interdisciplinary approach to disaster risk research, combining cutting-edge natural science and social science methodologies. Bringing together leading scientists, policy makers and practitioners from around the world, it presents the risks of global hazards such as volcanoes, seismic events, landslides, hurricanes, precipitation floods and space weather, and provides real-world hazard case studies from Latin America, the Caribbean, Africa, the Middle East, Asia and the Pacific region. Avoiding complex mathematics, the authors provide insight into topics such as the vulnerability of society, disaster risk reduction policy, relations between disaster policy and climate change, adaptation to hazards, and (re)insurance approaches to extreme events. This is a key resource for academic researchers and graduate students in a wide range of disciplines linked to hazard and risk studies, including geophysics, volcanology, hydrology, atmospheric science, geomorphology, oceanography and remote sensing, and for professionals and policy makers working in disaster prevention and mitigation"--
Elemental speciation in human health risk assessment
Theoretical and mathematical foundations of human health risk analysis : biophysical theory of environmental heatlh science
A pocket guide to risk assessment and management in mental health
Organic pollutants in the water cycle : properties, occurrence, analysis and environmental relevance of polar compounds
Enterprise risk management : from incentives to controls
An introduction to information security and ISO27001:2013 : a pocket guide
Coastal and estuarine risk assessment
Use of residue containing raw milk as feed : risk assessment on antimicrobial drug residues and hazard identification of pathogens
Disaster risk reduction : cases from urban Africa
Chemical risk assessment : a manual for REACH
Environmental risk assessment : quantitative measures, anthropogenic influences, human impact
Major technological risk : an assesment of industrial disasters
Dealing with uncertainty
Development of advanced tool for financial analysis. : The case of UPM-Kymmene Oyj
A method for continuous information technology supervision : the case of the Estonian financial sector
Holistic risk management in practice
Health-related quality of life and its associating factors among 25-64-year-old adults with or without long-term mental symptoms.
Global catastrophic risks
"If you are responsible for protecting your company's assets, then you know that risk assessment means more than simply identifying security vulnerabilities; it also means measuring their likelihood, prioritizing them, assessing their risk of occurrence, and measuring their impact on your organization's assets. Failure to consider all of these elements could constitute a violation of standard security industry practices. This valuable resource will help you develop the necessary strategies for conducting comprehensive risk assessments"--Publisher's website.
HCR-20 : violence risk managament companion guide
Information security risk management for ISO27001 / ISO27002
Normal accidents : living with high-risk technologies
Do we listen to earthworms? : tools for evaluating the Finnish Action Plan on the sustainable use of plant protection products
A short guide to climate change risk
Adopting ISO 17799 information security framework : for billing information system : the case of Ethiopian Telecommunication Corporation
Information and documentation : risk assessment for records processes and systems = Information et documentation : évaluation du risque pour les processus et systèmes d'enregistrement
Marine risk assessment : the fleet : manage the risk and minimise the impact
A safer municipality : the Safe Community operating model as a support for local safety planning
Marketing and finance : creating shareholder value
Analytical value at risk methods in the financial electricity market
Predictive data-driven modeling approaches in environmental management decision-making
Risk savvy : how to make good decisions
Architectural security codes and guidelines : best practices for today's construction challenges
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens : interpretative summary
Written for marketing and finance directors, CEOs, and strategists, as well as MBA students, this practical book explains the principles and practice behind rigorous due diligence in marketing. It connects marketing plans and investment to the valuation of the firm and how it can contribute to increasing stakeholder value. Completely revised and updated throughout, the Second Edition features new case examples as well as a completely new first chapter containing the results of new research into risk and marketing strategies amongst Finance Directors and Chief Marketing Officers.
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : the 12th Annual General Assembly, International Association of Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland, 12-14 June 2011
Risk and 'the other'
Lender of last resort and the moral hazard problem
Robust project scheduling
Risks, strengths and weaknesses of Russian oil and gas
Improving health in the United States : the role of health impact assessment
Fish consumption : human health effects and decision making
The perception of risk
Measurement-based value alignment and reasoning about organizational goals and strategies : studies with the ICT industry
Basic introduction to pollutant fate and transport : an integrated approach with chemistry, modeling, risk assessment and environmental legislation
ISO: risk based thinking
Protective clothing and equipment for use in violent situations and in training. Part 2, Guidance on risk assessment and on the selection, use, cleaning and maintenance of protective clothing and equipment
Internal control - integrated framework : framework and appendices
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : seventy-fourth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Disaster recovery planning
Handbook of elemental speciation II : species in the environment, food, medicine and occupational health
A practitioner's tool for child protection and the assessment of parents
Environmental aspects related to nanomaterials
Introduction to international health and safety at work : the handbook for the NEBOSH international general certificate
Analytical methods for risk management : a systems engineering perspective
Hospital mortality of intensive care patients in Finland : insights into prognostic factors and measuring outcomes
A Bayesian network based on-line risk prediction framework
for interdependent critical infrastructures
Alcohol and cancer among men : public health impact and perspectives
Determinants of outcome in adult cardiac surgery
This book is an essential guide and support to understanding of the science and policy, procedure and practice that underpins the REACH risk assessments required for the use and placing on the market of chemicals in the European Union. A clear understanding of information provision and how this affects the assessment of chemical safety is fundamentally important to the success of policy on chemicals and ultimately to the sustainability of the chemicals industry. Within the book, the scientific processes that underpin the policy are explained in a practical way. Importantly, it includes coverage of techniques to help solve the problems of using potentially risky and hazardous chemicals through the use of less hazardous alternatives and 'green chemistry', and also the analysis of the risks of the use of the most hazardous substances against the social and economic benefits of use. Chemical Risk Assessment: A Manual for REACH covers the following main themes: i) Assessment of chemical risk; ii) Risk management; iii) Hazard reduction, substitution and green chemistry; iv) Risk versus benefit -- socio-economic analysis. The book acts as a practical guide and overview to chemicals risk assessment and risk management (in the EU context), as well as a support text for planning for the challenges of the future, which will see ever-increasing pressure to withdraw hazardous substances from the EU (and global) market, balanced against opportunities for innovation in the development of less hazardous chemicals.
What do experts and stakeholders think about chemical risks and uncertainties? : an Internet survey
Use of residue contanining raw milk as feed : risk assessment on antimicrobial drug residues and hazard identification of pathogens
Enterprise risk management best practices : from assessment to ongoing compliance
The prognostic power of the clinical exercise test
Essentials of toxic chemical risk : science and society
Adventure education : an introduction
Maintworld
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-eighth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Critical risk research : practices, politics and ethics
Sfs-käsikirja. 93-2, Koneiden turvallisuus : Safety of machinery. Osa 2: Riskin arviointi ; Risk assessment
This is aimed primarily at the senior management of the ship. The video starts with some of the same topics as the first part, examining the distinction between hazard and risk and the methodology of risk management. The video continues by showing a risk assessor on a tour of inspection of a ship and goes on to show self assessment of risks in the galley and the assessment involved in a tanker going to dry-dock. The importance of a no-blame reporting system of near misses is analysed. It's never too early to start training all ranks in assessing and managing the risks inherent in their operations.
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
"Recent events from the economic downturn to climate change mean that there has never been a better time to be thinking about and trying to better understand the concept of risk. In this book, prominent and eminent speakers from fields as diverse as statistics to classics, neuroscience to criminology, politics to astronomy, as well as speakers embedded in the media and in government have put their ideas down on paper in a series of essays that broaden our understanding of the meaning of risk. After twenty-five years, the prestigious Darwin College Lectures are one of the most popular public lecture series at the University of Cambridge. The risk lectures in 2010 were amongst the most popular yet and, in essay form, they make for a lively and engaging read for specialists and non-specialists alike"--
Good practice in risk assessment and risk management. 1
Assessment of risk for type 1 diabetes in children of affected families and in the general population : role of immunological and metabolic markers
AQUATOX - ecological risk assessment model : a tool for impact assessment for waters
Accelerated quality and reliability solutions
Business risk management : models and analysis
Manual for the sexual violence risk - 20 : professional guidelines for assessing risk of sexual violence
Studies on decision making under risk in the context of gambling markets
Good practice in risk assessment and risk management. 2 : protection rights and responsiblities
Geomorphological hazards and disaster prevention
Development and validation of a drug-related problem risk assessment tool for use by practical nurses working with community-dwelling aged
Hazards analysis : reducing the impact of disasters
Risk : theory and applications
The spread of Foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) within Finland and emergency vaccination in case of an epidemic outbreak
System design and risk assessment for safety critical control software product lines
This is aimed primarily at the shore-based management. Risk management covers all areas of a shipping business; operational, financial strategic and commercial. The distinction between hazard and risk is explored and the concept of risk management analysed. An example is used before a precise methodology is put forward. This is a step by step process of identifying the hazards, assessing the risk, exploring the options. Then a cost-benefit analysis of the situation is followed by implementation of the appropriate measures.
Protective clothing and equipment for use in violent situations and in training. Part 1, General requirements
Koneturvallisuus : riskin arvioinnin periaatteet : standardi = Safety of machinery : principles for risk assessment
Risk perceptions and contingent valuations : conceptual issues and a measurement experiment
Socioeconomic evaluation of megaprojects : dealing with uncertainties
Extreme natural hazards, disaster risks and societal implications
On the use of expert judgement in the qualification of risk assessment
Computational Toxicology: Methods and Applications for Risk Assessment is an essential reference on the translation of computational toxicology data into information that can be used for more informed risk assessment decision-making. This book is authored by leading international investigators who have real-world experience in relating computational toxicology methods to risk assessment. Key topics of interest include QSAR modeling, chemical mixtures, applications to metabolomic and metabonomic data sets, toxicogenomic analyses, applications to REACH informational strategies and much more. With a free companion website featuring an image bank from the book and web links for further research and reading, this authoritative reference is your complete guide to computational toxicology methods and applications to risk assessment. Authored by leading international researchers engaged in cutting-edge applications of computational methods for translating complex toxicological data sets into useful risk assessment informationIncorporates real-world examples of how computational toxicological methods have been applied to advance the science of risk assessment Provides the framework necessary for new technologies and fosters common vocabularies and principles upon which the effects of new chemical entities should be compared.
Falls in older people : prevention and management
Vetting inspections on chemical tankers
Marine risk assessment : the company : manage the risk and reduce the cost
Potential bioavailability of particulate phosphorus i runoff from arable clayey soils
SUICIDAL TENDENCY AND SELF-HARM AMONG TEENAGERS IN THE HELSINKI METROPOLITAN AREA :A LITERATURE REVIEW
Health impact assessment : concepts, theory, techniques, and applications
Irmi's political risk insurance guide
Evaluation of certain food additives : sixty-fifth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives : [Geneva, 6 - 17 June 2005]
A value chain approach to animal diseases risk management : technical foundations and practical framework for field application
Encyclopedia of quantitative risk analysis and assessment. Vol 2
Risk from the CEO and board perspective
Failure rate modeling for reliability and risk
Managing business risk : a practical guide to protecting your business
Microscale testing in aquatic toxicology : advances, techniques, and practice
Integration of natural hazards, risk and climate change into spatial planning practices
Encyclopedia of quantitative risk analysis and assessment. Vol 4
Factors influencing auditors' self-perceived ability to assess fraud risk
Dispersion and risk assessment of airborne contaminants in pharmaceutical clean rooms
Developing technology pushed breakthroughs : defining and assessing success factors in ICT industry
Credit risk management : basic concepts. financial risk components, rating analysis, model, economic and regulatory capital
"This book describes research on safety-related decision-making by operations supervisory personnel in three different high-hazard industries, and features a case study illustrating each: a chemical plant, a nuclear power station and an air-navigation service provider. The focus of this research is unique: those who supervise the frontline personnel and essentially provide the organizational link between senior management and minute-by-minute system operations"--Provided by publisher.
Risk Management when taking part in Bidding Processes
Operational decision-making in high-hazard organizations : drawing a line in the sand
Risk in child protection : assessment challenges and frameworks for practice
Principles for evaluating health risks in children associated with exposure to chemicals
Air pollution : health and environmental impacts
Mapping of local-scale thermal variations in Landsat images for risk assessment of forest regeneration failures
A practical introduction to security and risk management
Chlorine transportation risk assessment
