http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p607 persecution of Jews
persecution of Jews
The Jews : story of a people
One small suitcase
Anne Frank : the biography
The diary of Anne Frank
Forgotten voices of the holocaust
Wartime lies
Why did the whole world go to war? : and other questions about ... World War II
Journal
The diary of a young girl : the definitive edition
The Brown Book of the Hitler terror and the burning of the Reichstag
Some girls, some hats and Hitler : a true love story
Defiance  : the true story of the Bielski partisans
Yom Hashoa : Holocaust day
Village of secrets : Defying the Nazis in Vichy France
The subtenant ; To outwit God
The other victims : first-person stories of non-Jews persecuted by the Nazis
Who were exterminated in the depths of loneliness during the German-caused Jewish Holocaust?
The Prague ghetto
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
The undertaking
The greatest escape : how one French community saved thousands of lives from the Nazis
Once
Encyclopedia of the holocaust
Anne Frank : her life
Words to outlive us : eyewitness accounts from the Warsaw ghetto
The diary of Mary Berg  : growing up in the Warsaw ghetto
The boy in the striped pyjamas : a fable
Encyclopedia of the Holocaust. Vol. 3, [L-R]
The devil's diary : Alfred Rosenberg and the stolen secrets of the Third Reich
Freud's Vienna and other essays
Nazi Germany and the jews. [Vol. 2] : The years of extermination, 1939-1945
Children and play in the Holocaust : games among the shadows
THE WARSAW GHETTO
Encyclopedia of the Holocaust. Vol. 4, [S-Z]
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Blooms of darkness
Kl : a history of the Nazi concentration camps
Helga's diary : a young girl's account of life in a concentration camp
Anne Frank : ... and her diary
My secret camera : life in the Lodz ghetto
Task force for international cooperation on holocaust education, remembrance, and research : ten year anniversary book
Assistance to the Jews in Poland 1939-1945
The island on Bird Street : Uri Orlev ; transl. from the Hebrew by Hillel Halkin
Lily of the field
To forgive..but not forget : Maja's story
The Dent atlas of the holocaust
The darkest hour : a novel
Hasidic tales of the Holocaust
The zookeeper's wife
Yossel : April 19, 1943
The slaughter of the Jews in the Ukraine in 1919
The crime and the silence : a quest for the truth of a wartime massacre
The search warrant
Is the Holocaust unique? : perspectives on comparative genocide
The Walnut tree
Roosevelt and the Holocaust : How FDR saved the Jews and brought hope to a nation
When Hitler stole pink rabbit
Nazi Germany and the jews. Vol. 1 : The years of persecution, 1933-1939
Holocaust cinema in the twenty-first century : memory, images and the ethics of representation
Maus : a survivor's tale. 2, and here my troubles began
The bravest battle : the twenty-eight days of the Warsaw ghetto uprising
Encyclopedia of the Holocaust. Vol. 2, [E-K]
An enemy of the people : antisemitism
Judenrat : the Jewish Councils in Eastern Europe under nazi occupation
Those who save us
Roses from the earth : the biography of Anne Frank
Aimée & Jaguar : a love story, Berlin 1943
The challenge of the Holocaust for Christian theology
Surviving in silence : a deaf boy in the holocaust The Harry I. Dunai story
One day in France : tragedy and betrayal in an occupied village
The last Jews in Berlin
Stand up and fight : the story of Emil Brigg
In the shadow of the holocaust : the second generation
Fatelessness : a novel
Writing and rewriting the Holocaust : narrative and the consequences of interpretation
Anne Frank's tales from the secret annexe
Emperor of lies
The holocaust : problems and perspectives of interpretation
Peter in peril : courage and hope in World War Two
Denying history : who says the holocaust never happened and why do they say it
Dictionary of the Holocaust : biography, geography, and terminology
The silent hours
In my hands : memories of a holocaust rescuer
Criminal case 40/61, the trial of Adolf Eichmann : an eyewitness account
The holocaust : the third reich and the jews
The Stroop report : the Jewish quarter of Warsaw is no more!
Life?  or theatre?
Holocaust : a history
Blood money : the Swiss, the nazis and the looted billions
Journey to America
The postmistress
Auschwitz : nazi extermination camp
Revolution and genocide : on the origins of the Armenian genocide and the holocaust
The world reacts to the Holocaust
Beyond Anne Frank : hidden children and postwar families in Holland
The persisting question : sociological perspectives and social contexts of modern antisemitism
Jewish migrations
The pianist : the extraordinary true story of one man's survival in Warsaw 1939-1945
The crime and the silence : confronting the massacre of Jews in wartime Jedwabne
The holocaust on trial : history, justice and the David Irving Libel case
The testament
The Earth is singing
Then
Auschwitz : the Nazis and the 'final solution'
Perpetrators victims bystanders : the Jewish catastrophe 1933-1945
When memory speaks : the Holocaust in art
The 'confessions' of Kurt Gerstein
Toward the final solution : a history of European racism
Kaddish for a child not born
Under one heaven : Poles and Jews
The world of Anne Frank
Latvians and Jews : Between Germany and Russia : Revised edition
Giants : the dwarfs of Auschwitz : the extraordinary story of the lilliput troupe
Dancing with the enemy : my family's holocaust secret
Countrymen
Hitler's willing executioners : ordinary Germans and the holocaust
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Women in the holocaust
All but my life : a memoir
Tell ye your children.. : a book about the Holocaust in Europe 1933-1945
Once & Then
Survivors : Jewish self-help and rescue in Nazi-occupied Western Europe
The modern guide to Judaism
When Hitler stole pink rabbit ; and Bombs on aunt Dainty
The Holocaust in Lithuania between 1941 and 1944
Blood-bespotted diary
Anne Frank : the young writer who told the world her story
NO TIME-LIMIT FOR THESE CRIMES
Giants : the dwarfs of Auschwitz : the extraordinary true story of the Lilliput Troupe
Hitler's first victims and one man's race for justice
The story of the holocaust
Ghetto in flames : the struggle and destruction of the Jews in Vilna in the holocaust
The zookeeper's wife : a war story
Black earth : the holocaust as history and warning
Gone to ground : one woman's extraordinary account of survival in the heart of Nazi Germany
Breaking crystal : writing and memory after Auschwitz
An epic, sweeping tale set in wartime France, The Silent Hours follows three people whose lives are bound together, before war tears them apart: Adeline, a mute who takes refuge in a convent, haunted by memories of her past; Sebastian, a young Jewish banker whose love for the beautiful Isabelle will change the course of his life dramatically; Tristin, a nine-year-old boy, whose family moves from Paris to settle in a village that is seemingly untouched by war. Beautifully wrought, utterly compelling and with a shocking true story at its core, The Silent Hours is an unforgettable portrayal of love and loss.
Unbroken will : the extraordinary courage of an ordinary man : the story of Nazi concentration camp survivor Leopold Engleitner, born 1905
The holocaust : the Jewish tragedy
Six million crucifixions : how Christian teachings about Jews paved the road to the holocaust
The Einsatzgruppen reports : selections from the dispatches of the Nazi death squads' campaign against the Jews July 1941 - January 1943
The destruction of the European Jews
The statement
The boy on the wooden box : how the impossible became possible ... on Schindler's list
The fixer
Ordinary people as mass murderers : perpetrators in comparative perspectives
Reflections on anti-semitism
Scroll of agony : the Warsaw diary
The darkest hour
The longest shadow : in the aftermath of the Holocaust
Martin Heidegger and the Holocaust
Five years in the Warsaw Ghetto : (The stars bear witness)
The Anti-Zionist complex
Edith's story
Shadow of the wall
