http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6088 beliefs
beliefs
Beliefs and perceived barriers in purchasing cosmetic surgery services : the consumer decision-making process and the reasoned action approach
Prosopis, an alien among the sacred trees of South India
Non-linear belief revision : foundations and applications
The Complexity of Learner Agency
The tragic story of witchcraft in America, from the infamous Salem witch trials to the present day - now told in full for the first time.
Forty days without shadow
Bad Santas and other creepy Christmas characters
The round house
The xenophobe's guide to the English
Researches into Chinese superstitions. 2. part, The Chinese pantheon : profusely illustrated vol. 6
1361. Porlock Weir, Exmoor. Thirteen years after the Great Pestilence, plague strikes England for the second time. Sara, a packhorse man's wife, remembers the horror all too well and fears for safety of her children. Only a dark-haired stranger offers help, but at a price that no one will pay... A human life.
America bewitched : the story of witchcraft after Salem
The gluten lie and other myths about what you eat
Tamara the tooth fairy
Water as a cruel element in the Roman world
Belief : form, content, and function
The greentail mouse
The dervish house
Dictionary of faiths and folklore : beliefs, superstitions and popular customs
Summary in Estonian.
Emotions and beliefs : how feelings influence thoughts
Religion and aging in the Indian tradition
The divine matrix : bridging time, space, miracles and belief
Research on mathematical beliefs : MAVI-8 proceedings, eighth European workshop, March 11-15, 1999
The ghost riders of Ordebec
Don't swallow your gum : and other medical myths debunked
Chinese beliefs and superstitions
Norse mythology : a guide to the gods, heroes, rituals, and beliefs
Myths of pre-Columbian America
The mental strategies of elite climbing Sherpas
Giants, or the codex giganticum
Some results in the international comparison of pupils' mathematical views
Legends of trolls and the Bible
Objects of thought
The holy Grail : the history of a legend
Brilliant NLP : manage your emotions, think clearly and enjoy life
The encyclopedia of crystals
The heretics : adventures with the enemies of science
Sacred geography : deciphering hidden codes in the landscape
From black land to fifth sun : the science of sacred sites
Embracing the dark : the magic order of Dragon Rouge : its practice in dark magic and meaning making
Owls aren't wise & bats aren't blind : a naturalist debunks our favorite fallacies about wildlife
Clowns of the Hopi : traditions and delight makers
Methodological considerations on investigating teachers' beliefs on mathematics and its teaching
Meaning and development of the regulating system of an individual's mathematical knowledge structure
Medieval folklore : an encyclopedia of myths, legends, tales, beliefs, and customs. Vvolume 2, L-Z
Was Napoleon poisoned? : and other unsolved mysteries of royal history
Gods and goddesses of ancient Egypt
Beyond the lodge of the sun : inner mysteries of the Native American way
Food for the dead : on the trail of New England's vampires ; with a new preface by the author
Belief systems, inquiry and argumentation
No stress today with PSYCH-K : how to transform stress into vitality, peace and a stress-free fulfilling life
Change, choice and inference : a study of belief revision and nonmonotonic reasoning
Black cats & evil eyes : a book of old-fashioned superstitions
The thunderweapon in religion and folklore
Encyclopædia of superstitions
Zhonghua wu fu jixiang tu dian. Fu = Designs of Chinese blessings. Good fortune
The quarry
Ed Greenwood presents Elminster's Forgotten Realms
Hoaxes! : dupes, dodges & other dastardly deceptions
Consumer's purchase intention of ethical fashion : examining beliefs about fashion industry and attitudes towards ethical fashion
Current state of research on mathematical beliefs XVIII : proceedings of the MAVI-18 Conference, September 12-15, 2012
Thought contagion : how belief spreads through society
Rogerson's book of numbers
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
Shared belief
Mythology of the Norse gods : myths and legends of the Nordic world
Babyfacts : the truth about your child's health from newborn through preschool
The ultimate fairies handbook
Handbook for experience stagers
The history of medieval life : [a guide to life from 1000 to 1500 AD]
The encyclopedia of the unexplained : curious phenomena, strange supertitions and ancient mysteries
Folklore in America : tales, songs, superstitions, proverbs, riddles, games, folk drama and folk festivals
Rainmaking rites of Tswana tribes
Seven : the number for happiness, love, and success
Notes on things Chinese
Facing apocalypse
al-Sin al-muhtazzah al-muta'arjihah = The wibbly wobbly tooth
Why spacemen can't burp
Stonehenge : mysteries of the stones and landscape
Iliggii liiqliiqanayay = The wibbly wobbly tooth
Babylonian magic and sorcery
Reason without freedom : the problem of epistemic normativity
Paranormal, superstitious, magical, and religious beliefs
Is your neighbour a zombie? : mind-bending philosophical puzzles that will exercise your brain
Students' mathematical beliefs of four countries in comparison
Book review: Kalaja, P., F. Barcelos, A. M., Aro, M., & Ruohotie-Lyhty, M. (2016). Beliefs, Agency and Identity in Foreign Language Learning and Teaching.
Africa
Mysteries of the Mexican pyramids
Propositions and attitudes
The psychology of attitudes
Legends are alive : review of The 2012 Belief Narrative Network symposium, 28th-30th August 2012, Novi Sad, Serbia
Occult, witchcraft and magic : an illustrated history
An essay on belief and acceptance
Illustrated dictionary of religions : rituals, beliefs, and practices from around the world
Childrens book of mythical beasts and magical monsters
Why Socrates died : dispelling the myths
Zhonghua wu fu ji xiang tu dian shu = Designs of Chinese blessings happiness
Myths & legends of China
The roles of achievement-related behaviours and parental beliefs in children ́s mathematical performance
Powers of death : church-väki in the Finnish folk belief tradition
Superstitions
Remarks on cognition in Spinoza: understanding, sensation, and belief
Morality, reflection and ideology
World without end
Zolar's encyclopedia of omens, signs & superstit
The cult of Tārā : magic and ritual in Tibet
Minjian xinjang yu Zhongguo wenhua guoji yantaohua lunwenji = Proceedings of International Conference on popular beliefs and Chinese culture. 2.
The web of belief
State-of-the-art in mathematical beliefs research : [Regular Lecture]
Zhonghua wu fu jixiang tu dian. Cai = Designs of Chinese blessings. Wealth
Death and Mortality - From Individual to Communal Perspectives
An introduction to mythology
Belief reports and the structure of believing
Banshees, werewolves, vampires, and other creatures of the night : facts, fictions, and first-hand accounts
"Naturally wired to learn" : beliefs about SLA in an online community
Six impossible things before breakfast : the evolutionary origins of belief
Minjian xinyang yu Zhongguo wenhua guoji yantaohui lunwenji = Proceedings of International Conference on popular beliefs and Chinese culture. 1.
Belief, attitude, intention and behavior : an introduction to theory and research
Egyptian mysteries : new light on ancient knowledge
The undiscovered country : journeys among the dead
Magic and mystery in Tibet
Immorality
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
Myth : a biography of belief
Bulgarian folk traditions and beliefs
Zhonghua wu fu jixiang tu dian. Lu = Designs of Chinese blessings . High salary
Sun-worship in ancient India
Five-fold happiness : chinese concepts of luck, prosperity, longevity, happiness, and wealth
Life in Shakespeare's England : a book of Elizabethan prose
John Frum he come : a polemical work about a Black tragedy
Resurrecting old-fashioned foundationalism
Nyumba ya Mumbi : the Gikuyu creation myth
The Plague Charmer
Liquid dreams of vampires
Zhonghua wu fu ji xiang tu dian shu = Designs of Chinese blessings longevity
Prospects for pragmatism : essays in memory of F. P. Ramsey
Epistemological beliefs and scientific reasoning in Finnish academic upper secondary education
Rediscovering birth
Talbis iblis : (delusion of the devil). Vol. 1
The wicca bible : the definitive guide to magic and the craft
Supersense : from superstition to religion - the brain science of belief
Nurses’ Attitudes and Beliefs towards Discussing Sexuality with Patients
The Mayan ouroboros : the cosmic cycles come full circle ; the true positive Mayan prophecy in revealed
Gods, ghosts, and black dogs : the fascinating folklore and mythology of dogs
The ultimate introduction to NLP : how to build a successful life
Black cats and April fools
The role of parents' and teachers' child-related competence beliefs in the development of students' self-concept of ability
Researches into Chinese superstitions. 3. part, Popularization of confucianism : buddhism and taoism in China vol. 13
Voodoo science : the road from foolishness to fraud
China and Japan : with illustrations from drawings and famous paintings
The Magick of Folk Wisdom : a source book from the ages
Human types : an introduction to social anthropology
Talbis iblis : (delusion of the devil). Vol. 2
Unbelievable : why we believe and why we don't
Subliminal persuasion : influence and marketing secrets they don't want you to know
The borderlands of science : where sense meets nonsense
Researches into Chinese superstitions. 2. part, The Chinese pantheon : profusely illustrated vol. 9
Korean popular beliefs
Counterknowledge : how we surrender to conspiracy theories, quack medicine, bogus science and fake history
Dialogue and the interpretation of illness : conversations in a Cameroon village
Crime and religious beliefs in India
Dont put that in there! : and 69 other sex myths debunked
Demedicalization of witchcraft confessions in southern Ghana
You are the placebo : making your mind matter
Mythic discourses : studies in Uralic traditions
The new crystal bible : 500 crystals to heal your body, mind and spirit
On the possibility of group knowledge without belief
Causal attribution : from cognitive processes to collective beliefs
The mission
The 7 myths about love ... actually! : the jouney from your head to the heart of your soul
Orinoco - Parima = Indian societies in Venezuela - The Cisneros Collection
Red snow
The magic of flowers : a guide to their metaphysical uses & properties
When the earth was flat : all the bits of science we got wrong
Created by some being : theoretical and empirical exploration of adults’ automatic and reflective beliefs about the origin of natural phenomena
