http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p608 racism
racism
Blood's a rover
Antiracist and multicultural discourses in European public service broadcasting : celebrating consumable differences in the Prix Europa Iris media prize
The legacy of Malthus : the social costs of the new scientific racism
Killing rage : ending racism
The logic of racism
Cultural diversity - against racism : European Media Conference from 20 to 21 May 1999
The White family
Churches responding to racism in the 1980's : the report of the World Consultation on racism called by the World Council of Churches, held in Noordwijkerhout, Netherlands, 16-21 June 1980: including regional and some national reports predeeding the World Consultation
Race and empire in British politics
Beyond black and white : from civil rights to Barack Obama
Arctic chill
Black orchids
Everfair is a wonderful Neo-Victorian alternate history novel that explores the question of what might have come of Belgium's disastrous colonization of the Congo if the native populations had learned about steam technology a bit earlier. Fabian Socialists from Great Britian join forces with African-American missionaries to purchase land from the Belgian Congo's owner, King Leopold II. This land, named Everfair, is set aside as a safe haven, an imaginary Utopia for native populations of the Congo as well as escaped slaves returning from America and other places where African natives were being mistreated. Nisi Shawl's speculative masterpiece manages to turn one of the worst human rights disasters on record into a marvelous and exciting exploration of the possibilities inherent in a turn of history. Everfair is told from a multiplicity of voices: Africans, Europeans, East Asians, and African Americans in complex relationships with one another, in a compelling range of voices that have historically been silenced. Everfair is not only a beautiful book but an educational and inspiring one that will give the reader new insight into an often ignored period of history.
South Africa: the sanctions mission : report of the Eminent Church Persons Group
Gunnar Myrdal's An American Dilemma: The Negro Problem and Modern Democracy persuaded many scholars that the United States failed to develop a robust welfare state because of its ethnic and racial heterogeneity, and, conversely, that homogeneity was a precondition for the creation of strong welfare states in European, especially Nordic, countries. With increasing diversity now challenging these welfare states, the kind of 'dilemma' that Myrdal identified no longer appears to be solely an American one. In this interdisciplinary volume, leading and emerging scholars examine the relationship between homogeneity and welfare state development. They trace Myrdal's influence on thinking about race in the US and explore current European states' approaches to the strangers in their midst, and what social citizenship looks like from a global perspective.Students and scholars of contemporary welfare states in the social sciences and policy studies will find this to be an insightful read, as the book challenges current perceptions. It will also be of interest to policy makers and practitioners looking to examine the historical context behind the politics of welfare states in the US and Scandinavia.
Race, ethnicity and welfare states : an American dilemma?
Scalped. 2 : Casino boogie
Environment and morality : confronting environmental racism in the United States
Swedish summary.
Blood from a stone
Blood runner : the long race to freedom
Racial attitudes in America : analyses and findings of social psychology
Racism : from slavery to advanced capitalism
"A woman and her husband admitted to a hospital to have a baby requests that their nurse be reassigned - they are white supremacists and don't want Ruth, who is black, to touch their baby. The hospital complies, but the baby later goes into cardiac distress when Ruth is on duty. She hesitates before rushing in to perform CPR. When her indecision ends in tragedy, Ruth finds herself on trial, represented by a white public defender who warns against bringing race into a courtroom. As the two come to develop a truer understanding of each other's lives, they begin to doubt the beliefs they each hold most dear"--
World racism report 1998
The elites
Scalped. 4 : The gravel in your guts
Strange fruit : the biography of a song
The mind of South Africa
Queer lovers and hateful others: regenerating violent times and places
Abstract: Racist identity within youth groups : a case study in the city of Joensuu at the turn of the millenium
Scalped. 1 : Indian country
Abstract: Racist identity within youth groups : a case study in the city of Joensuu at the turn of the millenium.
Sexism, racism and oppression
Natchez burning
A passage to India
Racism without racists : color-blind racism and the persistence of racial inequality in the United States
The broken isles
Asylum seeking continues to be a highly emotive and politically charged issue. This book analyses social work through the concept of 'xenoracism' to challenge the outdated concepts of racism that still pervade social work. Using discourse analysis, it explores how language is used to construct asylum seekers in specific ways within social workers' narratives. It illuminates how the deployment of specific linguistic resources legitimates these constructs by rendering them as reasonable and acceptable ways of viewing asylum seekers. Asylum Seekers, Social Work and Racism demonstrates how racist discourse and exclusionary tendencies can occur without reference to overt forms of racism that are based on biological categorisations. Significantly, Masocha illustrates how social workers can counteract these exclusionary tendencies through their discursive practices. In demonstrating the complexities and ever-shifting contours of exclusionary discourse, it will be of great interest for researchers, students and practitioners alike. --taken from Publisher's website.
American history X
Racism : A beginner ́s guide
Complying with colonialism : gender, race and ethnicity in the Nordic region
Faces of racism
Between the world and me
Theorizing anti-racism : linkages in Marxism and critical race theories
Deep diversity : overcoming us vs. them
Southern Africa after Soweto
The sacrifice
Small great things : a novel
"What if our interactions with those different from us are strongly influenced by things happening below the radar of awareness, hidden even from ourselves? Deep Diversity explores this question and argues that "us vs. them" is an unfortunate but normal part of the human experience due to reasons of both nature and nurture"-- Publisher description.
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Race and racism
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
Afrofuturism : the world of black sci-fi and fantasy culture
Social work in a multi-racial society
The negro in America : the condensed version of Gunnar Myrdal's An American dilemma
March. Book one
Scalped. 9 : Knuckle up
Gender dimensions of racial discrimination
A day late and a dollar short: high hopes and deferred dreams in Obama's "postracial" America
Challenging racism in European childcare provision : report of a seminar held in Leeds, UK
Black light, white shadows : young people in the Nordic countries write about racism
Murder in Mississippi : the true story of how I met a white supremacist, befriended his black killer and wrote this book
Is there such a thing...? : a study of antiracism education in Finland
"Raxen" : a report on the definition and the steps to be taken to develop and establish RAXEN [The European Network on Racism and Antisemitism] : June 1999
Poverty and prosperity : prospects for reducing racial/ethnic economic disparities in the United States
Asylum seekers, social work and racism
Reverse discrimination : the constitutional debate
The help
Mapping the language of racism : discource and the legitimation of exploitation
"A sixteen-year-old biracial girl in rural Oregon in the 1920s searches for the truth about her father's death while avoiding trouble from the Ku Klux Klan in this YA historical novel inspired by Shakespeare's 'Hamlet'"--
March. Book three
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
Faceless killers : [an inspector Wallander mystery]
Kurbaga ve yabanci = Frog and the stranger
"A woman and her husband admitted to a hospital to have a baby requests that their nurse be reassigned - they are white supremacists and don't want Ruth, who is black, to touch their baby. The hospital complies, but the baby later goes into cardiac distress when Ruth is on duty. She hesitates before rushing in to perform CPR. When her indecision ends in tragedy, Ruth finds herself on trial, represented by a white public defender who warns against bringing race into a courtroom. As the two come to develop a truer understanding of each other's lives, they begin to doubt the beliefs they each hold most dear" / Library of Congress.
Thinking through : essays on feminism, marxism and anti-racism
Commonwealth for a colour-blind world
The color of words : an encyclopædic dictionary of ethnic bias in the United States
Immigrant associations in Europe
The present paper focuses on the Finnish attitudinal climate towards foreign-born settlers, i.e. immigrants, refugees and asylum seekers in a comparative perspective. Two theoretical approaches are tested: 1) the socio-economic explanation in which prejudice is seen as an outcome of the original majority population fearing a decline of their socio-economic position, and 2) a culturally oriented explanation which refers to fears concerning the possible negative cultural effects of immigration. Using survey data from the ? rst round of the European Social Survey (ESS) on Finland and 18 other countries, we ? nd that at the most general level, Finns do hold comparatively negative attitudes towards increasing the number of immigrants in Finland. However, as we turn to more speci? c items on economic and especially cultural threat, we ? nd that Finns are as tolerant or even more tolerant than other Europeans. Multivariate analyses show that both socio-economic factors and values, ideologies and religiosity may generate prejudice. The two theoretical approaches should, thus, not be taken as alternatives but rather as complementary theories. .
The bat
For the love of God, Marie!
The supreme court and social science
Policing and human rights : eliminating discrimination, xenophobia, intolerance and the abuse of power from police work
The 'R' word : racism
Race, power and resistance
Racism in a "homogenous" society
Scalped. 3 : Dead mothers
Scalped. 8 : You gotta sin to get saved
From a native daughter : colonialism and sovereignty in Hawaiʻi
Two nations : black and white, separate, hostile, unequal
The strange career of Jim Crow
The broken lands
Tackling social exclusion
The riot
The fate of Joensuu Police Officer Erkki Kanerva : fighting racism in Finland
Introduction to race relations
The effects of racism and racial discrimination on the social and economic relations between indigenous peoples and states : report of a seminar, Geneva (Switzerland), 16-20 January 1989
The silence of our friends
The midwife of Hope River
Irmina
Racism and apartheid in southern Africa : Rhodesia
God's arbiters : Americans and the Philipppines, 1898-1902
"Giving Europe a soul" : setting up the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia : annual report of the activities 1998.
Racism in Western Europe
Jack London's new-womanish heroines Frona Welse, Margaret West and Saxon Roberts
Our enemies in blue : police and power in America
BB Wolf and the three LPs
Racisms : an introduction
Colour, race and empire
Scalped. 10 : Trail's end
Way of the ninja
The slant of the pen : racism in children's books
You don't have to live like this : a novel
I have a dream
Sanctions against South Africa
Attitudes Towards Foreign-born Settlers: Finland in a Comparative Perspective
Brown girl dreaming
The Ku Klux Klan in the city 1915-1930
Empires and Boundaries: Rethinking Race, Class, and Gender in Colonial Settings is an exciting collection of original essays exploring the meaning and existence of conflicting and coexisting hierarchies in colonial settings. With investigations into the colonial past of a diversity of regions – including South Asia, South-East Asia, and Africa – the dozen notable international scholars collected here offer a truly inter-disciplinary approach to understanding the structures and workings of power in British, French, Dutch, German, and Italian colonial contexts. Integrating a historical approach with perspectives and theoretical tools specific to disciplines such as social anthropology, literary and film studies, and gender studies, Empires and Boundaries: Rethinking Race, Class, and Gender in Colonial Settings,is a striking and ambitious contribution to the scholarship of imperialism and post-colonialism and an essential read for anyone interested in the revolution being undergone in these fields of study.
The American way
This book is a collection of texts by Gündüz Aktan, prepared during different stages of his career, reflecting the extraordinary talent of a Turkish diplomat.
Developing anti-racist awareness for leaders and participants at Nuoret Kotkat activities
Researching and developing Swedkid : a Swedish case study at the intersection of the web, racism and education
Empires and Boundaries : Rethinking Race, Class and Gender in Colonial Settings
Foreign, Gods, Inc
Mugabe and the white African
Ghettoside : a true story of murder in America
Race and racism : a symposium
The secret life of bees
Caught in the crossfire
The history of immigration and racism in Canada : essential readings
African images : racism and the end of anthropology
Precious : a true story
Racism and Business Ethics
Roma and traveller inclusion in Europe. : green questions and answers
Racism and inequality : the policy alternatives
White immigration to South Africa
Train : a novel
Dreams from my father : a story of race and inheritance
The Turner diaries : a novel
A sky without eagles : selected essays and speeches 2010-2014
The fiery cross : the Ku Klux Klan in America
The summer Fletcher Greel loved me
Black skin, white masks
The end of racism : principles for a multiracial society
The problem of race in the twenty-first century
Assimilated individuals and segregated communities : a comparative study of housing and living related well-being of Finnish roma and housed gypsies and travellers in England
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
The economic basis of racism
The racism issue
Seeing a colour-blind future : the paradox of race : the 1997 Reith Lectures
The historical construction of race and citizenship in the United States
At the limits of justice : women of colour on terror
Racism in theology and theology against racism : report of a consultation organized by the Commission on Faith and Order and the Programme to Combat Racism
Farther to go : readings and cases in African-American politics
Racist violence in Europe
World Council of Churches' statements and actions on racism 1948-1979
Ethnocentric, everyday racism : an outline of a conceptualisation of racism
"The white man is the Devil" : rasismin määrittelyn teoreettisten lähtökohtien arviointia Malcolm X:n puheiden valossa
Go set a watchman
Racism in the Irish experience
Racism, xenophobia and the academic response : European perspectives : proceedings from the Unica conference on racism and xenophobia, Stockholm 29-31 August 1999
The Broken Lands
Combating racism through training : a review of approaches to race training in organisations
Scalped. 5 : High lonesome
The Barcelona brothers
Echo burning
Americanah
The politics of multicultural encounters : feminist postcolonial perspectives
We are a Muslim, please
The evolution of racism : human differences and the use and abuse of science
It ain't half racist, mum : fighting racism in the media
Talk about racism
Looking reality in the face : highlighting examples of good practice : the situation regarding racism and xenophobia in the European Community : annual report 1998.
Gündüz Aktan : what he said and what he wrote = Gündüz Aktan : söyledi̇kleri̇ ve yazdiklari
To kill a mockingbird
The steep and thorny way
Chauvinism, Polish style : the case of Roman Dmowski (beginnings, 1886-1905)
Blacks in the Dutch world : the evolution of racial imagery in a modern society
Racism and antiracism : inequalities, opportunities and policies
If he hollers let him go
THE MYTH OF BLACK PROGRESS
Ain't no black in the Union Jack : discursive repertoires constructing a positive identity of The British National Front
Race : no peace without justice : churches confront the mounting racism of the 1980s
