http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6089 magic
magic
The witch's kitten
The shepherd's crown
Glamour in glass
The secret lore of magic
"For most of her life, Allison Beckstrom has used magic and accepted the heavy price it exacts. But now that all magic is poisoned, it's no longer just using people--it's killing them. With Portland about to descend into chaos, Allie needs to find a way to purify the wells of tainted magic beneath the city. But the only options left to her are grim: attempt to close down magic forever, or follow her father's plan to set magic into the right hands--even though she's learned to never trust his word. Now, Allie will have to make a choice and face the darkness of her own deepest fears, before time runs out for them all."-- P. [4] of cover.
Mystic and rider
Melodie the Music Fairy
Crystal the Snow Fairy
Haunted : the riveting sequel to Dreaming Anastasia
The Age of Ruin is near complete: in the far North the Nameless stirs beneath the Spine mountains and demonspawn push ever southwards; from the West the Fade have returned, vowed to purge humankind from the land; and an ancient weapon, forged in the Godswar, has once again been unleashed to ravage the land. Weakened by in-fighting, the surviving Magelords are unable - or unwilling - to use their magic to defend humanity. The last spark of hope rests with the surviving members of the Grim Company: Davarus Cole, Brodar Kane and Eremul the Halfmage.
My lord immortality
The alchemist
The fire artist
Valour and vanity
The iron wolves
Grimoire of the lamb
The bands of mourning : a Mistborn novel
Under the final moon
Heart of venom
The wise man's fear
A taste of honey
Storm warning
Paranormal, superstitious, magical, and religious beliefs
Magic stars
When my heart was wicked
Frostfire
Magic Mountain
The rules of magic
Pippa the Poppy Fairy
Jane Austen's high society and Cassandra Clare's supernatural underworld collide in the first book in the Lady Helen trilogy, perfect for fans of historical fiction and fantasy. London, April 1812. Lady Helen Wrexhall is set to make her curtsy to Queen Charlotte and step into polite Regency Society. Unbeknownst to Helen, that step will also take her from the glittering ballroom of Almacks and the bright lights of Vauxhall Gardens into a shadowy world of demonic creatures, missing housemaids and deadly power. Standing between those two worlds is Lord Carlston, a man of dubious reputation and infuriating manners. He believes Helen is destined to protect humanity, but all he can offer is danger, savagery and the possibility of madness. Not the kind of destiny suitable for a young lady in her first London Season. This delightfully dangerous adventure of self-discovery and difficult choices has all the unnerving dark magic of Jonathan Strange and Mr Norrell and the action of classics such as The Scarlet Pimpernel.
Blackwood : a hexed story
Full of briars : An October Daye Short Story
Last call at The Nightshade Lounge : a novel of magic and mixology
Dark heart of magic
King's cage
Spy glass
Magic for a price : an Allie Beckstrom novel
Masks and shadows
With a single spell
The secret pony
Harry Potter and the cursed child. Parts one and two
The caller
Superstitious survivals
Map of bones : a Sigma Force novel
A tangle of traitors
The mirror king
In 1814 London, Gretchen must put aside annoyance at the constant buzzing caused by being a Whisperer, concern about her twin brother, her growing feelings for a member of the Order of Iron Nail, and the boredom of being a debutante when a new menace threatens Mayfair.
Angel of storms
Witch wraith
Sky the Blue Fairy
Cloud Island
A court of mist and fury
Shades of milk and honey
The good people
After Gin's family was murdered by a Fire elemental when she was thirteen, she lived on the streets and eventually became an assassin to survive. Now, Gin is given an assignment by her handler to rub out an Ashland businessman, but it turns out to be a trap. After Gin's handler is brutally murdered, she teams up with the sexy detective investigating the case to figure out who double-crossed her and why.
The opposite house
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
The winter witch
The Dark Days pact
Death sworn
The sorcerer of the wildeeps
"The year is 1779, and Carlo Morelli, the most renowned castrato singer in Europe, has been invited as an honored guest to Eszterhaza Palace. With Carlo in Prince Nikolaus Esterhazy's carriage, ride a Prussian spy and one of the most notorious alchemists in the Habsburg Empire. Already at Eszterhaza is Charlotte von Steinbeck, the very proper sister of Prince Nikolaus's mistress. Charlotte has retreated to the countryside to mourn her husband's death. Now, she must overcome the ingrained rules of her society in order to uncover the dangerous secrets lurking within the palace's golden walls. Music, magic, and blackmail mingle in a plot to assassinate the Habsburg Emperor and Empress--a plot that can only be stopped if Carlo and Charlotte can see through the masks worn by everyone they meet"--
The shock of night
Syphon's song
The magic factory : cold spell
Hands-on chaos magic : reality manipulation through the Ovayki current
One fell sweep
Mermaid Reef
In this sparkling debut, magic and mayhem clash with the British elite...  The Royal Society of Unnatural Philosophers, one of the most respected organizations throughout all of England, has long been tasked with maintaining magic within His Majesty's lands. But lately, the once proper institute has fallen into disgrace, naming an altogether unsuitable gentleman--a freed slave who doesn't even have a familiar--as their Sorcerer Royal, and allowing England's once profuse stores of magic to slowly bleed dry. At least they haven't stooped so low as to allow women to practice what is obviously a man's profession...  At his wit's end, Zacharias Wythe, Sorcerer Royal of the Unnatural Philosophers and eminently proficient magician, ventures to the border of Fairyland to discover why England's magical stocks are drying up. But when his adventure brings him in contact with a most unusual comrade, a woman with immense power and an unfathomable gift, he sets on a path which will alter the nature of sorcery in all of Britain--and the world at large.
Web of lies
My lord eternity
Thief's magic
"From V.E. Schwab, the critically acclaimed author of Vicious, comes a new universe of daring adventure, thrilling power, and parallel Londons, beginning with A Darker Shade of Magic.  Kell is one of the last Travelers--magicians with a rare, coveted ability to travel between parallel universes--as such, he can choose where he lands. There's Grey London, dirty and boring, without any magic, ruled by a mad King George. Then there's Red London, where life and magic are revered, and the Maresh Dynasty presides over a flourishing empire. White London, ruled by whoever has murdered their way to the throne--a place where people fight to control magic, and the magic fights back, draining the city to its very bones. And once upon a time, there was Black London...but no one speaks of that now. Officially, Kell is the Red Traveler, personal ambassador and adopted Prince of Red London, carrying the monthly correspondences between the royals of each London. Unofficially, Kell is a smuggler, servicing people willing to pay for even the smallest glimpses of a world they'll never see--a dangerous hobby, and one that has set him up for accidental treason. Fleeing into Grey London, Kell runs afoul of Delilah Bard, a cut-purse with lofty aspirations, first robs him, then saves him from a dangerous enemy, and then forces him to spirit her to another world for a proper adventure.  But perilous magic is afoot, and treachery lurks at every turn. To save all of the worlds, Kell and Lila will first need to stay alive--and that is proving trickier than they hoped. "--
Enchanter's echo
The sorcerer's house
The ropemaker
The unwelcome warlock
World of WarCraft : Death Knight
Magic to the bone
The lost sun
Number 47, a fourteen-year-old slave boy growing up under the watchful eye of a brutal master in 1832, meets the mysterious Tall John, who introduces him to a magical science and also teaches him the meaning of freedom.
The misenchanted sword
Burning tower
Eight days of Luke
The unwilling warlord
The sorcerer's widow
Once a hero
Leon and the place between
"A richly-researched historical fantasy set in a real eighteenth-century Hungarian palace mingles taut political intrigue with a unique romance starring a castrato hero and a widowed noblewoman across rigid class lines"--
Jade the Disco Fairy
Oathbreaker. [Part I ] : Assassin's apprentice
The undoing
Kvothe takes his first steps on the path of the hero as he attempts to uncover the truth about the mysterious Amyr, the Chandrian, and the death of his parents. Along the way, Kvothe is put on trial by the legendary Adem mercenaries, forced to reclaim the honor of the Edema Ruh, and travels into the Fae realm where he meets Felurian, the faerie woman no man can resist.
The magic finger
Last call at the nightshade lounge : A Novel
The first collected tales of Bauchelain & Korbal Broach
Cate Cahill goes into an asylum in order to meet her godmother and another oracle as she continues to try to learn about the prophecy and protect her sisters from the oppressive Brotherhood in an alternate New England of 1900.
Magic breaks
Wizard's daughter
Sword of the North
Captivated
Tangled threads
The robe of skulls
Rebel of the sands
Spider's trap
Fifteen-year-old Neryn is alone in the land of Alban, where the oppressive king has ordered anyone with magical strengths captured, but when she sets out for Shadowfell, a training ground for a rebel group, she meets a mysterious soldier and the Good Folk, who tell her that she, alone, can save Alban.
Curse tablets and binding spells from the ancient world
Demon and the city : a detective inspector Chen novel
Enchanted
The secret railway and the crystal caves
The Lyra novels
Godmother : the secret Cinderella story
By a thread
The wilful princess and the piebald prince
Without a summer
Sweep in peace
Towering
Cast in moonlight
A gathering of shadows
Fantastic beasts and where to find them : the original screenplay
Pathfinder
Stolen away
Rebecca the Rock 'n' Roll Fairy
"Mary Robinette Kowal's Valour and Vanity is a Regency version of a heist movie with a healthy dose of magic sprinkled in. After Melody's wedding, the Ellsworths and Vincents accompany the young couple on the their tour of the continent. Jane and Vincent plan to separate from the party and travel to Murano to study with glassblowers there, but their ship is set upon by Barbary corsairs while en route. It is their good fortune that they are not enslaved, but they lose everything to the pirates and arrive in Murano destitute.Fortunately, one of the gentlemen from the ship is a local banker and arranges for a line of credit and a place to live. Relieved, the Vincents begin the work for which they have come to Italy.All is proceeding apace until a solicitor arrives at their house and charges them with illegal trespass. Jane and Vincent produce letters from their banking friend, but they are all forgeries, and worse, he has used their forged letters to clean out their funds in England. Now, Jane and Vincent owe money to a number of people in town and are forbidden from travel. They manage to find some small work, but it is obvious to both of them that this path will not maintain them for long. Instead, Vincent hatches a reckless plan to get their money back. The ensuing adventure is a glorious envisioning of all the best parts of heist narratives, but in a Regency setting with magic"--
Of noble family
Night study
Siren's fury
Cast in flight
Star cursed
The liveship traders trilogy : [3-book bundle]
Scarred, solitary Derek Gaunt has separated from his Pack, and is truly a lone wolf. With no family he answers to no one; but is fiercely loyal to a chosen few. So, when several of those close to him are murdered, he'll stop at nothing to hunt their killer through the magic-drenched streets of Atlanta. Never one to be left on the sidelines, equally determinedsome might say stubborn Julie Lennart-Olsen soon joins in his pursuit; and what began as revenge turns into a race to save the city. Their search pits them against powers they never imagined and magic so old, it predates history.
Gin Blanco is the most feared assassin in the South. She's retired now but trouble still has a way of finding her. Two men barrage her restaurant trying to kill Violet Fox, someone Gin agreed to help in dealing with an evil coal-mining tycoon.
The bone magician
Precious dragon : a detective inspector Chen novel
The innocent mage
Whisper the dead
Blackberry Blue and other fairy tales
Deadly sting
The invisible bunny
The dark days club
Though Feyre now has the powers of the High Fae, her heart remains human, but as she navigates the feared Night Court's dark web of politics, passion, and dazzling power, a greater evil looms--and she might be key to stopping it.
White sand. Volume 1
"It's hard to be a bad assassassin when a giant is beating the crap out of you. Luckily, I never let pride get in the way of my work. My current mission is personal: annihilate Mab Monroe, the Fire elemental who murdered my family. Which means protecting my identity, even if I have to conceal my powerful Stone and Ice magic when I need it most. To the public, I'm Gin Blanco, owner of Ashland's best barbecue joint. To my friends, I'm the Spider, retired assassin. I still do favors on the side. Like ridding a vampire friend of her oversize stalker--Mab's right-hand goon who almost got me dead with his massive fists. At least irresistible Owen Grayson is on my side. The man knows too much about me, but I'll take my chances. Then there's Detective Bria Coolidge, one of Ashland's finest. Until recently, I thought my baby sister was dead. She probably thinks the same about me. Little does she know, I'm a cold-blooded killer...who is about to save her life."--P. [4] of cover.
Forest born
Shadowland : a novel
The witch in the broom cupboard and other tales
Touch the dark
The girl of fire and thorns
Cast in flame
In the ancient Graeco-Roman world, it was a common practice to curse an enemy or rival by writing an incantation on a tablet and dedicating it to a god or spirit. More than a thousand such texts, written between the fifth century BC and the fifth century AD, have been discovered in places ranging from North Africa to England, and from Syria to Spain. Until now, however, there has been no English translation of these tablets and indeed the texts themselves have remained virtually unknown. This volume makes these fascinating texts available for the first time. A substantial introduction supplies the full cultural, social, and historical context for the texts. The selected translations, arranged thematically, are fully annotated and accompanied by extensive commentary. Reflecting a wide range of social occasions, including lawsuits, love affairs, business competition, and horse-races, the tablets open a window into the hearts and minds of ordinary people, shedding light on a dimension of classical society in which historians today are increasingly interested.
A darker shade of magic
Selena the Sleepover Fairy
The imagination box
Burn with me
The orphan queen
Blackmore
Nighttime in Caeli-Amur
A breath of frost
The magicians : a novel
Storm rising
Avry knows hardship and trouble. She fought the plague and survived. She took on King Tohon and defeated him. But now her heart-mate, Kerrick, is missing, and Avry fears he's gone forever. But there's a more immediate threat. The Skeleton King plots to claim the Fifteen Realms for his own. With armies in disarray and the dead not staying down, Avry's healing powers are needed now more than ever.
Philomena Wonderpen is a teeny weeny doll
When a vengeful ancient goddess threatens to end the world, the Crows must join forces with their former enemies, the Protectors, putting Jace Berisha into contact with Ski Eriksen, who is intent on getting closer to her.
The mourning emporium
The name of the wind
Neil Young's Greendale
Realm of wonder
The magic paintbrush
Charmed
Blood of the earth
The magician's apprentice
The secret world of magic
Tasha the Tap Dance Fairy
The crown of embers
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West
"Four months have passed since the shadow stone fell into Kell's  possession. Four months since his path crossed with Delilah Bard. Four  months since Rhy was wounded and the Dane twins fell, and the stone was  cast with Holland's dying body through the rift, and into Black London. In  many ways, things have almost returned to normal, though Rhy is more  sober, and Kell is now plagued by his guilt. Restless, and having given  up smuggling, Kell is visited by dreams of ominous magical events,  waking only to think of Lila, who disappeared from the docks like she  always meant to do. As Red London finalizes preparations for the Element  Games-an extravagent international competition of magic, meant to  entertain and keep healthy the ties between neighboring countries-a  certain pirate ship draws closer, carrying old friends back into port.But  while Red London is caught up in the pageantry and thrills of the  Games, another London is coming back to life, and those who were thought  to be forever gone have returned. After all, a shadow that was gone in  the night reappears in the morning, and so it seems Black London has  risen again-and so to keep magic's balance, another London must fall"--
Titchy Witch and the get-better spell
"Asher has come a long way for a fisherman's son. Together with his friend Prince Gar, he has defended their kingdom against its bitterest enemy, but at great cost." "Now, the evil mage Morg is preparing for his most deadly assault. Desperate, trapped in a broken body, Morg has little time and fewer scruples. And he has a plan." "As Gar and Asher unwittingly fall into a dangerous deception, Morg gets ever closer to his goal. And this victory would be particularly sweet - for who better to destroy the kingdom than the two who would give anything save It?"--BOOK JACKET.
Vanished
Nearing the end of a Third Age of Industry fueled by a magical substanced named aether, Robert Borrow, the son of a guildsman, becomes involved in a revolution to end a society based on inequality, greed, and corruption
Grave witch : an Alex Craft novel
Clean sweep
Riding rescue
Storm breaking
Oathbraker. [Part II] : A prince among killers
Igraine the brave
May contain traces of magic
Half-off Ragnarok : an InCryptid Novel
The Van Gogh cafe
Alfie Green and the chocolate cosmos
Magic in the blood
Hayley the Rain Fairy
A princess of Landover : a magic kingdom of Landover novel
The light ages
Taste of darkness
Son of a witch : a novel
Sorcerer to the crown
Cold burn of magic : a Black Blade novel
The awakened mage
The lay of Aotrou and Itroun : together with The Corrigan poems
