http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6087 omens
omens
Summary: Aspects of changing in Estonian death culture.
Secrets of extispicy : the chapter Multābiltu of the Babylonian extispicy series and Ni.sirti bārûti texts mainly from Aésésurbanipal's library
USA's market crashes of 1929 and 2008 : comparison of events preceding the history's greatest crashes
Ylin nappi auki : Tampereen ammattikorkeakoulun kuvataiteen koulutusohjelmasta valmistuvien julkaisu = Top button undone : graduates' publication of Degree Program in Fine Art in Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Babylonian-Assyrian birth-omens and their cultural significance
Presents an analysis of doomsday prophecies about 2012 while refuting common myths and explaining what hysteria-based interpretations of the end of the Mayan calendar reveal about today's world.
Studies in Cheremis. Vol. 2, The supernatural
City of the dead : a Claire DeWitt mystery
Umineko when they cry. Episode 2, Turn of the golden witch. 1
Umineko when they cry. Episode 2, Turn of the golden witch. 2
About Grace
The paranormal source book : the comprehensive guide to strange phenomena world wide
Abstract: USA's market crashes of 1929 and 2008 : comparison of events preceding the history's greatest crashes. The objective of this research was to find out what were the differences between the events preceding market crashes of 1929 and 2008. The findings would serve the purpose of reminding everyone how these situations have developed until the impending crash and crisis. This should prove to be valuable help in the future when people are facing the same conditions again. The research's approach was a general historical view on the matter. Descriptive research methods were used to gather and analyze the data. Various sources from literature, articles, speeches, research papers and statistics databases were being used to compile the data. The research consists of macroeconomic theories, bubble theories, research data and conclusions. The results of the research were almost as expected. Not much had changed in 80 years in the financial sector's ability to not get drawn into self-caused crises. These events before the history's greatest crashes were different in their nature but contained all the same elements. Good future prospects combined with extraordinary profits because of financial innovation equalled an economic bubble. Many other aspects were the same also, such as lack of regulation. This means that more work should be done on the process of inflating bubbles in order to find ways to avoid the possible catastrophes caused by the bursting bubble. Professor Galbraith's words “As a protection against financial illusion or insanity, memory is far better than law.” held high importance in the research. It should be everyone's obligation to ponder and try to understand these financial aspects as they can cause great abundance, or great distress depending on what have been learned from the history. This research paper can be taken as a small step towards that goal and as a reminder of past.
The order of days : the Maya world and the truth about 2012
Public portents in republican Rome
History and the supernatural in medieval England
The bathhouse at midnight : an historical survey of magic and divination in Russia
Danish summery.
Umineko when they cry. Episode 3, Banquet of the golden witch. 1
The works of Aristotle. Vol. 3, Meteorologica; De mundo; De anima; Parva naturalia; De spiritu
USA’s market crashes of 1929 and 2008 : Comparison of events preceding the history’s greatest crashes
That must have been ESP! : an examination of psychic experiences
The master of signs : signs and the interpretation of signs in Herodotus' Histories
Explorations in the anthropology of religion : essays in honour of Jan van Baal
Babylonian liver omens : the chapters Manzāzu, Padānu and Pān tākalti of the Babylonian extispicy series mainly from Aššurbanipal's library
If a city is set on a height : the Akkadian omen series Šumma alu ina mēlê šakin. Volume 2, Tablets 22-40
Counsel from the ancients : a study of Badaga proverbs, prayers, omens and curses
Roman augural lore in Greek historiography : a study of the theory and terminology
Florentine codex : general history of the things of New Spain. Parts 5 and 6, Book 4 - The Soothsayers, and, Book 5 - The omens
Umineko when they cry. Episode 1 : Legend of the golden witch 2
Umineko when they cry. Episode 1 : Legend of the golden witch 1
Nostradamus : the New Millenium
Queen of dreams : the story of a Yaqui dreaming woman
Omens and superstitions of southern India
2012 : science or superstition : the definitive guide to the doomsday phenomenon
The questing cats return to a forest devastated by the Twolegs, where they must find a way to convince their Clans to leave in search of a new home, even though they have no idea where they are going.
Divination and interpretation of signs in the ancient world
West African religion : a study of the beliefs and practices of Akan, Ewe, Yoruba, Ibo, and kindred peoples
Portents and politics in Korean history
"An illustrated, encyclopedic overview of the prophecies, calendars, and theories that indicate the year 2012 is a threshold of great change for humanity"--Provided by publisher.
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
Ritual and belief in Morocco. Volume II
Living the sky : the cosmos of the American Indian
Prophecy and apocalyptic : an annotated bibliography
Viking ale : studies on folklore contacts between the Northern and the Western worlds : presented to the author on the occasion of his 60th birthday
Time of contempt
A prayer for Owen Meany
Through the ages. 2, Time, space, and eternity
Called by StarClan to fulfill a new prophecy, a group of young cats sets out on a long and dangerous journey, knowing only that trouble threatens the forest, as the adventures of the warrior clans continue.
Folk belief and traditions of the supernatural
Beyond 2012 : catastrophe or awakening? : a complete guide to end-of-time predictions
If a city is set on a height : the Akkadian omen series Šumma alu ina mēlê šakin. Volume 1, Tablets 1-21
Readers of Herodotus' Histories are familiar with its reports of bizarre portents, riddling oracles, and striking dreams. This book represents an examination of signs and their interpreters, as well as the terminology Herodotus uses to describe sign transmission, reception, and decoding.
Umineko when they cry. Episode 4, Alliance of the golden witch. 1
The time of contempt
Encyclopedia of signs, omens, and superstitions
Hollowstone
As they journey home to warn their clans of the coming destruction, the six cats, guided by StarClan's prophecy, meet an unfamilar tribe of cats with their own set of beliefs--and their own mysterious prophecy.
Narrating dreams : dreams as the key to the future
A study of Bagobo ceremonial, magic and myth
The Supersti+Tech project : a reinterpretation of superstition through new media
Midnight
Wandering spirits : Chen Shiyuan's encyclopedia of dreams
Zolar's encyclopedia of omens, signs & superstit
The sign
