http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6086 spectra
spectra
Neutron activation and plasma emission spectrometric analysis in archaeology : techniques and applications
Absorption spectra of liquids, solutions and solids
Sunspot umbral spectra in the region 4000 to 8640 cm[sup -1] (1.16 to 2.50 [micro]m)
Spectral color matching
Atlas of carbon-13 NMR data. Volume 1, Compounds 1-999
Variability and evolution of the broad-line region in active galactic nuclei
Introduction to spectral analysis
Rotation-vibration spectroscopic studies of formaldehyde and formic acid molecules
Use of reflectance measurementas to study turbid media by imaging
Pressure-induced effects in inhomogenous spectra of doped solids
Further work on the Kitaigorodskii roughness length mode : a new derivation using Lettau's expression on steep waves
Tables for organic spectrometry
KLL Auger spectra of sodium, magnesium, aluminium, and silicon
Spectrophotometry and spectrofluorimetry : a practical approach
Physical methods in heterocyclic chemistry. Vol. 4
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 11
Answer manual to accompany : spectrometric identification of organic compounds
Discovering knowledge in various applications with a novel hyperspectral imager
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 8
Conformations and vibrations in polymer electrolytes
Analysis and compensation of spectral distortions encountered in two-beam interferometry
Dissociation energies and spectra of diatomic molecules
Numerical simulation of fluid-structure interaction between acoustic and elastic waves
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 3
Spectroscopic measurement : an introduction to the fundamentals
Spectrometric identification of organic compounds
ICP emission spectrometry : a practical guide
Efficient recording and processing of protein NMR spectra
Climatic signals extracted from ring-width chronologies of Scots pines from the northern, middle and southern parts of the boreal forest belt in Finland
Quantum simulations of atom-photon interactions
Molecular spectra and molecular structure. 3, Electronic spectra and electronic structure of polyatomic molecules
Optical spectroscopy of inorganic solids
Interpreting protein mass spectra : a comprehensive resource
Unmixing methods in novel applications of spectral imaging
Color perception : philosophical, psychological, artistic, and computational perspectives
Introduction to Organic Spectroscopy
Improvement and validation of isotopic libraries of commercial gamma spectra evaluation packages : report on Task FIN A 955 of Finnish Support Programme to IAEA Safeguards
Mobile spectrometry for source finding and prompt reporting
Drug-DNA interactions : structures and spectra
Spectral imaging from UAVs under varying illumination conditions
The theory of the Moiré phenomenon
Raman spectroscopy
Introduction to molecular energies and spectra
Spectral analysis in geophysics
Vibrational spectra and structure : a series of advances
New tools in spectral analysis
Neural nets in print quality control
Investigations on far infrared spectra of acetylenes
Studies of Auger spectra based on atomic calculations
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 2
Performance analysis of cognitive radio networks and radio resource allocation
Static and dynamic NMR properties of gas-phase xenon
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 6
Spectral issues and crosstalk in digital subscriber line systems
Optical emission lines of the elements
Thje piezo-electric impedance spectroscopy : solutions and applications
Fundamentals of Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy
Organic spectroscopic structure determination : a problem-based learning approach
Time-dependent modeling of radiative processes in magnetized astrophysical plasmas
Atomic spectra and atomic structure
Vibration spectrum analysis : a practical approach
Predicting NMR parameters from the molecular structure
An introduction to random vibrations, spectral and wavelet analysis
Mass spectrometry in biophysics : conformation and dynamics of biomolecules
Structural identification of organic compounds with spectroscopic techniques
The Sadtler handbook of infrared spectra
Spectral element method in structural dynamics
Performance analysis of <em>m</em>MCSK-<em>m</em>MFSK modulation variants with comparative discussion
Spectral sampling and spectral image compression
Solvent effects on UV-VIS absorption spectra of some solvatochromic substances in binary solvent mixtures : the preferential solvation model
The Theory of Atomic Structure and Spectra
Interpreting organic spectra
Fundamentals of spectrum analysis
A wide spectral range imaging system : applications in wood industry
Simulation and measurement of colored surfaces
Spectrum and network measurements
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 10
Computer generated colour : a practical guide to presentation and display
A beginner's guide to mass spectral interpretation
Spectral characterization of paper and print
Code acquisition in direct sequence spread spectrum systems using smart antennas
Determination of trace elements in tungsten oxide by spectrographic cathode layer and colorimetric methods
Measurement and control of attosecond light fields
Modélisation théorique de la spectroscopie d'actinides solvatés = theoretical modelling of actinide spectra in solution
Absorption spectra of liquids, solutions and solids = Spectres d'absorption des liquides, solutions et solides
Local-density electronic structure calculations on the spectra and reactivity of metals
CDMA : principles of spread spectrum communication
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 4
Atlas of carbon-13 NMR data. Volume 2, Compounds 1000-3017
Symmetry, orbitals and spectra
The basics of spectroscopy
The Aldrich library of infrared spectra
Essential norms and spectra of weighted composition operators
Parental Communication Deviance as a risk factor for thought disorders and schizophrenia spectrum disorders in offspring:The Finnish Adoptive Family Study
Spectrum sharing for future mobile cellular systems
Sunspot umbral spectra in the regions 1925 to 2226 and 2392 to 3480 cm[sup -1] (2.87 to 4.18 and 4.48 to 5.35 [micro]m)
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 5
The dissipation subrange in wind wave spectra
Laser chemistry : spectroscopy, dynamics and applications
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 9
Regulation for dynamic spectrum management
Spectral color and spectral color image analysis
Laser spectroscopy of solids II
Vibrating molecules : an introduction to the interpretation of infrared and Raman spectra
Spectra and analysis
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 1
Applications of diffuse reflectance infrared Fourier transform spectrometry
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems’ security
Quantitative quantum mechanical analysis of 1H NMR spectra : applications and strategies
Vibrational spectroscopy of polymers : principles and practice
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 7
Atlas of carbon-13 NMR data. Cumulative indexes : compounds 1-3017
Observation of coherent transient effects in a magneto-optical trap
Vibrational spectroscopy of biological and polymeric materials
Processing and assessment of spectrometric, stereoscopic imagery collected using a lightweight UAV spectral camera for precision agriculture
Investigations on infrared spectra of methyl-D[sub 3] iodine
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Enhancing the performance of ad hoc networking by lower layer design
Spectrally tunable light sources for implementing computationally designed illuminations
On spectrum of the linear water-wave problem in cuspidal domains
Transmission strategies for full-duplex multiuser MIMO communications systems
Goniospectrometric analysis of optically complex samples : a study on diffraction gratings, optically variable devices, and coatings with special effect pigments
Photoluminescence and growth of compound semiconductors
Electromagnetic spectrum in MLU2 : perspectives and applications
