http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6095 birch
birch Betula
Biomass equations for birch in Finland
Abstract: The proportion of mined leaves varied from 32.7 % (the top of Jesnalvaara fell at Kevo) to 0.3 % (Kongsfjorddal in NE-Finnmark). The proportion of Eriocrania mines varied from 99.5 % (Jesnalvaara) to 30.0 % (Roddineset) of all mined leaves...
Phenolics of the inner bark of silver birch : characterization and intraspecific variation
Hormonal regulation of bud burst and coppice shoot growth in Betula
Acid hydrolysis of birch and spruce hemicelluloses by heterogeneous catalysis
Variation of colour and selected physical and mechanical properties related to artificial drying of sawn silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) timber from plantations
Tree - cover crop interactions : birch growth, competition and soil properties
Birch leaves as a resource for herbivores: damage induced increase in leaf phenols with trypsin-inhibiting effects
Synthesis of betulin derivatives against intracellular pathogens
Insect herbivores of birch foliage in the Quebec-Labrador peninsula, southern Greenland, and Fennoscandia
On the taxonomy, biology and origin of Betula tortuosa Ledeb
The potential of birch for biomass production
Celebrating birch : the lore, art, and craft of an ancient tree
The objective of the present study was to evaluate the potential of pressurized hot water extracted hemicellulose fractions from various wood species as feeds for ruminants. In Experiment 1, the fermentability of several hemicellulose extracts was screened using an in vitro gas production method. The samples were extracted from spruce (Picea abies) including mainly galactoglucomannan (GGM), from birch (Betula pendula) consisting mainly of xylan and from larch (Larix sibirica) consisting mainly of arabinogalactan. The GGM and xylan samples were readily fermented by rumen microbes while arabinogalactan was not. Based on the in vitro study, GGM was chosen for an in vivo digestibility trial using sheep, where it was fed at increasing proportions of diet dry matter (0, 47, 94 and 141 g kg-1) in a Latin Square design. The in vivo organic matter digestibility of GGM was relatively low, 0.58, but PHWE extracted hemicellulose has some potential as a feed for ruminants.
Genetic variation in resistance of silver birch to biotic and abiotic stress
The birch
Studies on the genetic regulation of birch flower development and potential biotechnological applications
Effects of photoperiod and temperature on growth and development of three latitudinal and three altitudinal populations of Betula pubescens Ehrh
Sammanfattning: Hidrólisis ácida de las hemicelulosas del abedul y la pícea mediante catálisis heterogénea.
Effect of birch on moorlands
Plasmids and aromatic degradation in Sphingomonas for bioremediation : aromatic ring cleavage genes in soil and rhizosphere
Structural observations on needles exposed to elevated levels of copper and nickel
Summary: The amount of the oil was studied and tentative identifications made of the oil components in leaves collected during four summers from some marked Betula tortuosa individuals in the Kevo district and in Kittilä...
Outlines of cartographical and timber surveying unit
Wood anatomy and selected properties of stems, branches and roots of Finnish birch species
Local differences in birch leaf consumption by invertebrates in northern Norway and Finland
Luonnontuotealan valtakunnallinen tutkimusseminaari : 5.10.2010 Joensuu, Itä-Suomen yliopisto = Proceedings of the national research seminar on nature products, Joensuu, October 5, 2010
Summary: The suitability of the mountain birch for herbivores was studied at the fell Jesnalvaara, Northern Finland. The 1) seasonal, 2) local short-distance and 3) annual variation in the quality of birch leaves was studied by means of bioassays and chemical determinations...
Mode I fracture behaviour of Norway spruce and silver birch in the radial-tangential and tangential-radial crack orientations
Wood resin components in birch kraft pulping and bleaching : material balances, reactions and deposition
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
Trophic interactions of invase forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
Physiological and ultrastructural responses of birch clones exposed to ozone and drought stress
Birch leaf surface flavonoids : chemical analysis and their role as defensive compounds and potential chemotaxonomic markers
Breeding forest trees for resistance to mammalian herbivores : a study based on European white birch = Metsäpuiden resistenssijalostus kasveja syöviä nisäkkäitä vastaan : rauduskoivuun perustuva tutkimus
Pollen competition in silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) : an evolutionary perspective and implications for commercial seed production
Reproductive patterns of birches (Betula spp.) in northern Sweden
Screening of birch, Betula spp., for rust resistance to Melampsoridium betulinum
Birch as sawn timber and in mechanical further processing in Finland : a literature study
Interactive effects of drought and ozone stress on the ultrastructure of birch leaves
Phenolic compounds in birch seedlings during early ontogeny : regulation of biosynthesis and accumulation in response to nutrient availability and UV-B radiation
Summary: The herbivore fauna of the mountain birch in southwestern and northern Iceland was studied by sweep netting in 1979. The predominant groups were lepidopteran larvae and aphids...
Influence of saw and secateur pruning on stem discolouration, wound cicatrisation and diameter growth of Betula pendula
Soft-wood rooting experiments with Betula
Effects of environmental and internal factors of trees and timber treatment on colour of dried birch (Betula pendula) wood
Models for vertical wood density of Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch stems, and their application to determine average wood density
Effects of ultraviolet-B radiation on the growth, morphology, germination and secondary compounds of the silver (Betula pendula Roth.) and white (betula pubescens Ehrh.) birches
On the occurrence and ecology of Eriocrania spp. (Eriocraniidae) and other mining insects of the birch in northernmost Fennoscandia in 1973
Summary: Larvae of Oporina autumnata. (Lepidoptera, Geometridae) were fed on intact birch leaves with (experimental group) and without (control group) previous mechanical damage of neighbouring leaves. The experimental group pupated slightly later than the control group. Leaves near the damaged leaf had, on average, a 9 % higher content of phenols...
Accurary and functionality of hand held wood moisture content meters
Evidence for resistance of mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. czerepanovii) to birch rust (Melampsoridium betulinum)
Photosynthesis, CO2 and temperature : an approach to analyse the constrains to acclimation of trees to increasing CO2 concentration
Variation in secondary chemistry within a natural population of birch : effects  of genotype, environment and ontogeny
The impact of log pre-heating on birch veneer surface quality, bond formation and plywood performance
Synthesis of betulin derivatives with new bioactivities
Empirical equations for estimating aboveground biomass of Betula pendula growing on former farmland in central Poland
Mutualistic interactions between plants and birds : behavioural mechanisms and ecological importance
Concentrations and among-compound correlations of individual phenolics in white birch leaves under air pollution stress
Clonal differences of aspen (Populus spp.) in responses to elevated ozone and soil nitrogen
Superstars Selänne and Koivu: Together at last
Changes in proanthocyanidin pathway affect other phenolics and growth of aspen and birch
Micropropagation of Betula and Quercus : Initial reports of the woody plant working group : COST 87
Variation in Temperature Responses among Populations of Betula papyrifera
Summary: The nature of some reactions in birch, detrimental for herbivores, was studied in order to find out whether they are active defence reactions, or due to the disturbed metabolism in birch after mechanical damage made by herbivores...
Abstract: In 1965-1966 the caterpillars of the geometrid Oporinia autumnata defoliated vast areas of birch forests in Finnish Lapland. The damage areas in Utsjoki, the northernmost district of Finland, were studied more thoroughly. About 1350 km² were defoliated and large areas of this will be changed into treeless "tundra"...
Genetic diversity and structure of the endangered Betula pendula subsp. fontqueri populations in the south of Spain
Evolutionary ecology of mountain birch in subarctic stress gradients : interplay of biotic and abiotic factors in plant-plant interactions and evolutionary processes
Swamp forestry research in Finland
Birch hemicellulose
The performance of the autumnal moth is lower on trees infected by birch rust
Taper curve and volume functions for pine, spruce and birch
An analysis of succesful natural regeneration of Downy and silver birch on abandoned farmland in Sweden
Potential of forest biomass production and utilization for mitigation of climate change in boreal conditions
Phenolic variation in birch leaves : implications for chemical ecology and systematics
Genetic diversity in Finland of the birch endophyte Gnomonia setacea as determined by RAPD-PCR markers
Parametrization of a biochemical CO2 exchange model for birch (Betula pendula Roth.)
Nucleotide variation of birch (Betula L.) species : population structure and phylogenetic relationships
Drying quality of birch sawn timber
The effect of thinnings on the yield of pine and birch stands
Summary: The composition of herbivorous insect fauna on Betula pubescens s. lat. and B. glandulosa was studied by netting at Narssaq in the subarctic area of Greenland...
Will Koivu take the lions' share?
Yield prediction after heavy thinning of birch in mixed stands of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and birch (Betula pendula Roth & Betula pubescens Ehrh.)
Digestion of wood-based hemicellulose extracts as screened by in vitro gas production method and verified in vivo using sheep
Vascular flora of Inari Lapland: 4, Betulaceae
Lignin characteristics and ecological interactions of PtCOMT-modified silver birch
Changes in accessibility of cellulose for kraft pulps measured by deuterium exchange
Coarse root architecture of three boreal tree species growing in mixed stands
Plant-insect interactions on silver birch under a warming climate : a latitudinal translocation experiment
Leaf beetle feeding patterns on and variable plant quality in Betulaceous and Salicaceous hosts
Protocols for micropropagation of woody trees and fruits
Ozone : complex risk for birch
Modelling tree biomasses in Finland
Birch herbivores and herbivory at Kevo
Abstract: In 1965-1966, caterpillars of Oporinia autumnata Bkh. (Lep., Geometridae) defoliated birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa) forests in eastern Itäkaira, NE Lapland. Damage occurred on fells, riversides, and both fresh and dry heaths...
Development of species composition during succession is well studied in natural boreal forests, but empirical assessments of how within-stand spatial structure develops in late-successional stages are few. Here, we quantified spatial patterns in three unmanaged stands consisting of Picea abies (L.) Karst. and Betula pubescens Ehrh. and Betula pendula Roth (hereafter Betula spp.) in northern boreal Fennoscandia. We conducted a comprehensive analysis of small-scale spatial point patterns in three fully mapped 1.2-ha sample plots, representing different forest developmental stages: mid-successional, late-successional and old-growth forest. We used several variants of Ripley's K-function to analyze the spatial point patterns along the successional gradient. Univariate analyses showed that mature trees of both species were either randomly distributed or clumped. P. abies saplings were clumped, and Betula spp. saplings occurred in a random or clumped manner. In the bivariate analyses, saplings were more likely to be found in the surroundings of mature trees of the same species, but occurred independent of the individuals of other tree species. Mature trees showed interspecific repulsion. Only modest differences occurred in the univariate patterns between the three successional stages, but in the bivariate analyses the most evident patterns, i.e. intraspecific attraction and interspecific repulsion, were stronger in the older successional stages. Overall, the studied stands appear structured as species-specific mosaics. These mosaics, along with mixed species composition, seem to be maintained by species self-replacement, which contrasts with findings from earlier studies..
Herbivory among competing seedlings : effects on silver birch populations
Coppicing, aboveground woody biomass production and nutritional aspects of birch with specific reference to Betula pubescens
Summary: Distribution and ecology of Alnus incana, Betula nana, B. pendula and B. pubescens is described, with notes on their morphology, taxonomy, variation and hybridization. A. incana var. virescens occurs in the north of the area...
Nisäkäshavaintoja Lounais-Hämeestä 1990-luvulla = Observations on mammals in South-West Häme in the 1990`s
Pyrenopeziza betulicola and an anamorphic fungus occurring in leaf spots of birch
Volatile organic compounds emitted from silver birch and European aspen in response to environmental stresses
Relationship between Prosthemium betulinum and Pleomassaria siparia
On the ecocatastrophe of birch forests caused by Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) and the problem of reforestation
Effects of seed origin latitude on the timing of height growth cessation and field performance of silver birch
Peroxidases in lignifying xylem of Norway spruce, Scots pine and silver birch
Notes on herbivorous insects of the birch in southern Greenland
Whispering birches
Structural growth in mountain birch, Betula pubescens ssp. czerepanovii
Studies of behaviour of transuranic elements in plants
Numerical modelling of birch pollen emissions and dispersion on regional and continental scales
We determined empirical models for estimating total aboveground as well as stem, branches, and foliage dry biomass of young (age up to 16 years) silver birch (Betula pendula Roth.) growing on the post-agricultural lands. Two sets of allometric models for trees with a height below or above 1.3 m (small and large trees respectively) were developed. Simplified models were elaborated based exclusively on appropriate tree diameter (diameter at ground level for small trees, diameter at breast height for large trees), while expanded models also included tree height. Total aboveground biomass was estimated as the sum of biomass of all tree components. To assure additivity of the developed equations, the seemingly unrelated regression approach for the final model fitting was used. Expanded models in both tree groups were characterized by a better fit to the data (R2 for total aboveground biomass for small and large trees equaled 0.8768 and 0.9752, respectively). Diameter at breast height appeared to be a better predictor than diameter at ground level - simplified models had better fit for large trees (R2 for total aboveground biomass equals 0.9611) than for small ones (R2 = 0.7516). The developed equations provide biomass predictions consistent with available Latvian, Estonian, Finnish, Swedish, and Norwegian models for silver birch..
Phenolic compounds in birch seedlings during early ontogen : regulation of biosynthesis and accumulation in response to three environmeltal factors
Investigations on the basic density of Finnish pine, spruce and birch wood
Birch leaves as a resource for herbivores. 1 : variation in the suitability of leaves
Snow damage to Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch : model approaches
Changing climate : responses of birch (Betula pendula) to elevated atmospheric carbon dioxide and temperature : growth and insect resistance
Summary: Pre-Quaternary rocks of the Törmäsjärvi and Koivu map-sheet areas.
Herbivorous insects of the birch in Iceland
Cherry leaf roll virus abundant on Betula pubescens in Finland
Abstract: The invertebrate consumer fauna of birch was studied in 1972 at ten points in N. Norway and Finland, at altitudes of 30-300 m a. s. l. and 0-110 km from the Atlantic Ocean. Numbers, biomasses and consumption were studied...
The birch genes BpMADS1 and BpMADS6 and their use in the modification of flowering
Compensatory photosynthesis as a response to foliage damage in birch (Betula L.)
Biomass production and nutrient uptake of short-rotation plantations
Does birch defend itself actively against herbivores?
Cryopreservation of buds and in vitro shoot tips of Betula pendula
Control of growth and frost hardening of silver birch container seedlings : growth retardants, short day treatment and summer planting
Summary: A morphological and cytological analysis was carried out on spontaneous F₁ hybrids (2n = 28) between B. glandulosa (2n = 28) and B. pendula (2n = 28), and on the parent species. Hybrid vigour was evident in the rapid increase in lenght of the hybrids, though only in the first growing season, and their leaf size was also greater than that of the parent species...
Low molecular mass phenolics in foliage of Betula pubescens Ehrh. in relation to aerial pollution
The effect of annual ring orientation and drying method on deformations, casehardening and colour of silver birch (Betula pendula) boards
Soil-related processes of young silver birch trees grown under elevated CO2 and O3
Genetically modified silver birch and hybrid aspen : target and non-target effects of introduced traits
Impact of elevated ultraviolet-B radiation on three northern deciduous woody plants
Effects of heavy metal pollution and host plant leaf chemistry on the immune defense and life history traits of an insect herbivore
Differences in the climatic adaptation of silver birch (Betula pendula) and downy birch (B. pubescens) in Finland based on male flowering phenology
Insect-plant interactions during a natural Epirrita autumnata outbreak
Birch forest damage caused by Oporinia autumnata Bkh. (Lep. Geometridae) in 1965-1966 in eastern Itäkaira, northeastern Lapland
Artificial polyploidy and in vitro culture of Betula spp
Soil animal communities of planted birch stands in central Finland
Height-diameter models for Scots pine and birch in Finland
White birches (Betula spp.) are utilized in huge quantities in the forest industry in northern latitudes of the world and low-value side-stream birch bark is burnt for energy. Outer birch bark is rich in (up to 30% dry weight) triterpene betulin and it can be easily isolated by solvent extraction. Betulin could be used as such or as starting material for more valuable products, fine chemicals and pharmaceuticals. In this work two sets of betulin derivatives were synthesized and screened as antiviral, antileishmanial and antibacterial agents. First set includes relatively easily synthesizable betulin derivatives, such as esters and various oxidation products. Second set includes novel heterocyclic betulin derivatives, where triazolo ring is fused by Diels-Alder reaction to the lupane skeleton of betulin. In the biological assays against human pathogens Semliki Forest virus; L. donovani parasites, which cause tropical disease leishmaniasis; and Gram-negative bacteria Chlamydia pneumoniae, several betulin derivatives displayed low-micromolar 50% growth inhibition values in vitro. In addition, most of the derivatives showed low cytotoxicity against the host cell lines.
Summary: When soft-wood cuttings of various Betula species were planted after treatment with 10-3 and 10-4 &% IAA solutions for one day (controls treated with adq. dest), rooting was rather low...
Flight period and brood emergence in Trypodendron lineatum (Oliv.) (Col., Scolytidae) in the Nordic Countries
Proton and carbon-13 NMR spectroscopy of phenolics and determination from birch wood extract
Folding chair
Abstract: A review of past and present taxonomical treatments illustrates the difficulties encountered in delimiting B. tortuosa as a separate taxon within the B. pubescens complex. Analysis of both experimental and natural populations revealed certain morphological characters and features of growth and development distinguishing B. tortuosa...
Colour response in drying of nordic hardwoods
Ozone and frost stress : how sensitive is birch to impact of both stress factors?
Cambium dynamics of Pinus sylvestris and Betula spp. in the northern boreal forest in Finland
Analysis of phenological time series
The effect of simulated acid rain on pine needle and birch leaf litter decomposition
Stomatal conductance of birch leaves : plenty of variation in the variable which determines the ozone dose
Pathogenicity, morphology and genetic variation of Phytophthora cactorum from strawberry, apple, rhododendron, and silver birch
Wood anatomy and physical properties of the wood and bark in Betula nana growing in Finland
Relationship between Phytobia betulae and its host tree Betula sp
Breeding forest trees for resistance to mammalian herbivores : a study based on European white birch
Summary.
Herbivory-related variation in the foliar chemistry of the mountain birch (Betula pubescens spp. czerepanovii)
Analysis of bud-development theories based on long-term phenological and air temperature time series : application to Betula sp. leaves
Comparison of xylanase production by fungal pathogens of barley with special reference to Bipolaris sorokiniana
Elongation of Scots pine seedlings under blue light depletion
Isolated occurences of spruce, Picea abies, in northernmost Fennoscandia in relation to the enigma of continental mountain birch forests
Micropropagation of some adult Betula species
Fertilization of birch
Interactive effects of defoliation and climate change on compensatory growth of silver birch seedlings
Birch (Betula pubescens) germination and seedling growth on raised bogs : role of substrate types and nutrient availability
The F1 hybrid between Betula glandulosa, subsection Nanae and Betula pendula, subsection Albae
Leaf microfungi and insect herbivores on birch : relationships, environmental effects and tree properties
Effects of stress and rapid growth on fluctuating asymmetry and insect damage in birch leaves
On the physiology and ecology of cenococcum graniforme especially of birch
Cleaning methods in planted Scots pine stands in southern Finland : 4-year results on survival, growth and whipping damage of pines
Spatial tree community structure in three stands across a forest succession gradient in northern boreal Fennoscandia
Leaf fall in white birch (Betula pubescens) is independent of leaf asymmetry
Birch (Betula pendula Roth.) responses to high UV-B radiation
Essential oils in Betula tortuosa Lebed. and in some other Betula species and hybrids
Viscosity of strong black liquor from birch pulping
Volatile-mediated plant-to-plant interactions and the effects of an ozone polluted environment
Impact of elevated O3 and CO2 concentrations on phenolic compounds of birch (Betula pendula Roth) : implications for herbivorous insects and detritivorous soil animals
Growth, crown structure and seed production of birch seedlings, grafts and micropropagated plants
Effects of climate change and simulated herbivory on growth responses and leaf characteristics of silver birch (Betula pendula) seedlings
Birch wood quality of different genetic origin : assessment of external wood quality in planted silver birch stands of different genetic origin
Leaf development and leaf pathogens on subarctic birches after a calamity of Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Geometridae)
Birch forest damage caused by Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) in 1965-66 in Utsjoki, N Finland
Seedling establishment after prescribed burning of a Clear-Cut and Partially Cut mesic boreal forest in Southern Finland
Variation of the VOC emission rates of birch species during the growing season
Clonal variation in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) and in transgenic silver birch (Betula pendula)
Forces required to vertically uproot tree stumps
Nursery practices and management of fungal diseases in forest nurseries in Finland : a review
Quantitative elemental analysis of dry-ashed bark and wood samples of birch, spruce and pine from South-Western Finland using PIXE
Forest regeneration on nutrient-poor peatlands: effects of fertilization, mounding and sowing
Dammarane triterpenes of bark resin in Betula pendula Roth and some related species
Sprouting in birches : a morphological and ecophysiological approach
