http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6091 spells
spells
The pre- and Proto-historic Finns : both eastern and western with magic songs of the West Finns : in two volumes. Vol. 2
When mummies go missing all over London, eleven-year-old Theodosia puts aside her fight against the Serpents of Chaos to save her father, who is suspected in the thefts, all the while avoiding a string of new governesses / WorldCat.
Kalevala : epica, magia, arte e musica : [atti del convegno di studi, Villa de Claricini Dornpacher, Bottenicco di Moimacco (Udine), 28-29 maggio 2011] = Kalevala : epic, magic, art and music : [proceedings of the sciencitic congress, Villa de Claricini Dornpacher, Bottenicco di Moimacco (Udine), May 28-29, 2001]
Mu-Igala, or, The way of Muu : a medicine song from the Cuna Indians of Panama
The magical universe : everyday ritual and magic in pre-modern Europe
Emily Feather and the chest of charms
The self of a charm
A discovery of witches
The charmer's body and behaviour as a window onto early modern selfhood
Snakefat and knotted threads : a short introduction to traditional Finnish magic
Papyrus British Museum 10808 and its cultural and religious setting
Sophie's shining spell
The Anglo-Saxon charms : texts in context
There's a little prince in every frog : spells and charms for finding, binding and transforming your toad (and living happily ever after)
The modern guide to witchcraft : your complete guide to witches, covens, & spells
Artemis Fowl and the Lost Colony
The Jolley-Rogers and the Cave of Doom
"Be as still as the water in the Jordan River!"
A corpus of Syriac incantation bowls : Syriac magical texts from Late-Antique Mesopotamia
The everything wicca and witchcraft book : unlock the secrets of ancient rituals, spells, blessings, and sacred objects
The Frog Prince and the kitten
Deliver me from evil : Mesopotamian incantations 2500-1500 BC
"Said a word, uttered thus" : structures and functions of parallelism in Arhippa Perttunen's poems
Wicca : a guide for the solitary practitioner
The colour of magic
The Swimmer manuscript : Cherokee sacred formulas and medicinal prescriptions
Aramaic bowl spells
Kushiel's mercy
There's a spell up my nose
Curse tablets and binding spells from the ancient world
One past, many histories : Loitsu (1933) in the context of dance art in Finland
Muskogean charm songs among the Oklahoma Cherokees
Journey through the afterlife : ancient Egyptian Book of the dead
Studies in Cheremis. Vol. 2, The supernatural
Structure and style in Mari charms
The pre- and proto-historic Finns both eastern and western with the magic songs of the West Finns
A court of thorns and roses
Wicca for life : the way of the craft - from birth to Summerland
Banishing rituals and lament-incantations of the Komi-Zyrjans
Šurpu : a collection of Sumerian and Akkadian incantations
How Miina Huovinen's incantations are structured
Charms and charming in Europe
The colour of magic : a Discworld novel
Commentaries on Altai Kizhi cattle incantations
Finnish snake charms
Cults of Glorantha. Volume 1
Ancient Christian magic : Coptic texts of ritual power
Ancient Christian magic : coptic texts of ritual power
The genie's curse
Jewish Aramaic curse texts from late-antique Mesopotamia : "may these curses go out and flee"
The semiosis of prayer and the creation of plausible fictional worlds
The Big Book of Madness
Translating magic : magic spells in the Finnish translation of J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter books
The International Folk-Lore Congress of the World's Columbian Exposition
Leechcraft : Early English charms, plant lore, and healing
Samantha Cardigan and ghastly twirling sickness
The book of Abramelin : a new translation
Carmina Gadelica : hymns and incantations : with illustrative notes on words, rites, and customs, dying and obsolete : orally collected in the highlands and islands of Scotland. Volume 4
Theodosia and the staff of Osiris
Elias Lönnrot's editorial strategies in charm episodes of the Kalevala
Lily's shimmering spell
A corpus of magic bowls : incantation texts in Jewish Aramaic from late antiquity
For Rapunzel, being a princess has been nothing but fun. But everything goes wrong when she breaks a magical urn and blames it on her new friend, Ella. It turns out that the urn was home to a very cross (and now very homeless) hermit genie, who casts a spell making everyone blame Rapunzel for everything that goes wrong in Tale Town! With the help of her friends and a mysterious green monkey called Alphege, can Rapunzel 'undo what she has done' and lift the curse? A brilliant new highly illustrated series featuring all the fairy-tale characters you know and love having brand-new adventures!. Ages 7+
English verbal charms
Muslims through discourse : religion and ritual in Gayo society
Charms as linguistic expressions of dichotomized nature and culture
Spellbinder : a Shadow Falls story
Solar inaginary in Finnish charms of the Kalevala metre
Madison's starry spell
The structure and content of Cheremis charms : (part one)
The Egyptian coffin texts. 7, Texts of spells 787-1185
"Life for Jack is great -- he's got a magical talking hen called Betsy, he lives in a town where stories literally grow on trees, and all his best friends live there with him. That is, until new kid in town, Anansi, arrives... When Jack sees Anansi having a secret meeting with a troll -- everything changes. Trolls mean trouble and Jack will stop at nothing to prove Tale Town is in danger. Even if that means using stolen magic!"--Publisher description.
Studies in Santal medicine and connected folklore. Part 1, The Santals and disease
Finnish folklore atlas
Lily and the traitors spell
Mage wars : the customizable strategy game of dueling mages
The worst witch to the rescue
Pagan incantations in Aramaic magic bowls
In the ancient Graeco-Roman world, it was a common practice to curse an enemy or rival by writing an incantation on a tablet and dedicating it to a god or spirit. More than a thousand such texts, written between the fifth century BC and the fifth century AD, have been discovered in places ranging from North Africa to England, and from Syria to Spain. Until now, however, there has been no English translation of these tablets and indeed the texts themselves have remained virtually unknown. This volume makes these fascinating texts available for the first time. A substantial introduction supplies the full cultural, social, and historical context for the texts. The selected translations, arranged thematically, are fully annotated and accompanied by extensive commentary. Reflecting a wide range of social occasions, including lawsuits, love affairs, business competition, and horse-races, the tablets open a window into the hearts and minds of ordinary people, shedding light on a dimension of classical society in which historians today are increasingly interested.
Charms as a means of coping
The teen spell book : magick for young witches
The unofficial Harry Potter spellbook : the wand chooses the wizard
Kalevalaic and Karelian singing tradition
Writing charms : the transmission and performance of charms in Anglo-Saxon England
Charms, charmers and charming : international research on verbal magic
The magical function of language in Finnish folklore
Through the ages. 2, Time, space, and eternity
Provider of prosperity : the image of St Anne in Finnish and Karelian folklore
Two bilingual incantation fragments
Who wrote the Syriac incantation bowls?
Mexico City, 1988: Long before iTunes or MP3s, you said "I love you" with a mixtape. Meche, awkward and fifteen, has two equally unhip friends, Sebastian and Daniela, and a whole lot of vinyl records to keep her company. When she discovers how to cast spells using music, the future looks brighter for the trio. The three friends will piece together their broken families, change their status as non-entities, and maybe even find love. Mexico City, 2009: Two decades after abandoning the metropolis, Meche returns for her estranged father's funeral. It's hard enough to cope with her family, but then she runs into Sebastian, reviving memories from her childhood she thought she buried a long time ago. What really happened back then? What precipitated the bitter falling out with her father? Is there any magic left?
The worst witch : 3 audio stories
The spell thief
Game magic : a designer's guide to magic systems in theory and practice
Practical prosperity magick : crafting success & abundance
House of many ways
The wicca bible : the definitive guide to magic and the craft
Moving pictures : a Discworld novel
Pre-Christian and Christian elements in five Old English metrical charms
The advanced player's manual
Howl's moving castle
Batty Betty's spell
Linguistic peculiarities in the Aramaic magic bowl texts
The spark in the water : an early Christian legend - a Finnish magic song
The light fantastic : a Discworld novel
Maqlû II 1-30 : internal analysis and manuscript evidence for the revision of an incantation
Catalogue of the Aramaic and Mandaic incantation bowls in the British Museum
Parchment, praxis and performance of charms in early medieval Ireland
Charms, charmers, charming
Mr Majeika, and, Mr Majeika and the lost spell book
Theodosia and the serpents of chaos
It's a boy girl thing
West African religion : a study of the beliefs and practices of Akan, Ewe, Yoruba, Ibo, and kindred peoples
Artemis Fowl and the lost colony
Basic conditions of Taoist Thunder magic = Daojiao lei fa
The three little witches : storybook
The magic songs of the Finns : sung since the time immemorial
Treasury of witchcraft
Winnie's picture book collection : six magical stories in one
A glossary of tantra, mantra and yantra
Charms, prayers, amulets : verbal magic and daily life in medieval and early modern Bulgaria
The everything Wicca and witchcraft book : unlock the secrets of ancient rituals, spells, blessings and sacred objects
Summary: Virgin Mary meets the snake : on the interpretations of charms.
Twelve-year-old Theo uses arcane knowledge and her own special talent when she encounters two secret societies, one sworn to protect the world from ancient Egyptian magic and one planning to harness it to bring chaos to the world, both of which want a valuable artifact stolen from the London museum for which her parents work / WorldCat.
Dictionary of ancient magic words and spells : from Abraxas to Zoar
"Dear merciful mother" : the Virgin Mary in Finnish and Karelian birth incantations
The great troll rescue
The magic of flowers : a guide to their metaphysical uses & properties
