http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6090 fortune-telling
fortune-telling
Extinction
The weather handbook
Final hour
Antilogic : why businesses fail while individuals succeed
Until death do us part. 2
Until death do us part. [6]
The tarot : history, mystery and love
A question of belief
Popular and practical science of medieval England
2012 and beyond
"Did you know the cycles of the moon have a huge effect on our health, our mood, our relationships, and our work? By understanding these phases, we can work with them to improve and empower every aspect of our lives. In Moonology, world-renowned astrologist Yasmin Boland unveils: why connecting with the moon can change your life for the better; powerful rituals and ceremonies for each moon phase; how the moon connects us to nature and the cosmos; how to work out where the moon is in each cycle; international New Moon and Full Moon dates for the next 10 years. You will also learn affirmations, visualizations, and chants to use during each phase of the moon, and will discover the role of Angels, Goddesses, and Ascended Masters during the New and Full Moons. This is a book for all those wishing to deepen their connection with nature and take their spiritual practice to a new level."--Publisher's information.
The secrets of Nostradamus : the Medieval code of the Master revealed in the age of computer science
The fortune-tellers
Genocide of one
2012 : science or superstition : the definitive guide to the doomsday phenomenon
I Ching : book of changes
The I ching : the book of answers
The back in time Tarot book : picture the past, experience the cards, understand the present
I ching : the classic Chinese oracle of change : the first complete translation with concordance
The encyclopedia of mind, magic & mysteries
The witch of Portobello
Tarot for self discovery
Moral power : the magic of witchcraft
Like this for ever
Divination is one of the best documented intellectual and religious endeavours of Ancient Mesopotamia. Texts pertaining to divination appear already at the beginning of the 2nd millennium BCE and the tradition continued up until the very end of cuneiform culture. But the lifespan of Mesopotamian divination is much longer than two millennia. It gestated in the 3rd millennium and remnants live on to this day in astrology and astronomy. This volume is dedicated to the sources from the 1st millennium. They are rich and varied, consisting of technical and theoretical works, explanatory texts, commentaries as well as ephemeral sources for the practical use of divination in the life of king and commoner. From being the preserves of a very few specialists, divination has become an important topic of study with new text editions and studies appearing every year, this book provides a survey of the sources, as well as an introduction to the history, theory and practice of the various divination genres.
Mesopotamian Divination Texts : Conversing with the Gods : Sources from the First Millennium BCE
During a briefing in Washington D.C., the President is informed of a threat to national security: a three-year-old boy named Akili, who is already the smartest being on the planet. Representing the next step in human evolution, Akili can perceive patterns and predict future events better than most supercomputers, and is capable of manipulating grand-scale events like pieces on a chess board.
Until death do us part. 4
Never saw it coming
The Supersti+Tech project : a reinterpretation of superstition through new media
Guide to the occult and mysticism
Until death do us part. [7]
Nine worlds of seid-magic : Ecstacy and neo-paganism in North European paganism
A kingdom of stargazers : astrology and authority in the late medieval crown of Aragon
Divination, politics, and ancient Near Eastern empires
The everything wicca and witchcraft book : unlock the secrets of ancient rituals, spells, blessings, and sacred objects
Myths and symbols in pagan Europe : early Scandinavian and Celtic religions
Magic, witchcraft, and religion : an anthropological study of the supernatural
Feng-Shui : the science of sacred landscape in old China
The I ching : landscapes of the soul : revisiting an ancient Chinese oracle
Witchcraft, oracles and magic among the Azande
Putting the supernatural in its place : folklore, the hypermodern, and the ethereal
Prepare for 2012 and beyond
The paranormal source book : the comprehensive guide to strange phenomena world wide
The everything wicca & witchcraft book : rituals, spells, and sacred objects for everyday magick
365 ways to develop your psychic ability : simple tools to increase your intuition and clairvoyance
John Dee's conversations with angels : Cabala, alchemy, and the end of nature
A brief history of the future  : a brave and controversial look at the twenty-first century
The complete prophecies of Nostradamus
Until death do us part. 1
Magic and divination in early Islam
Moonology : working with the magic of lunar cycles
Transition to the golden age in 2032
"An illustrated, encyclopedic overview of the prophecies, calendars, and theories that indicate the year 2012 is a threshold of great change for humanity"--Provided by publisher.
The turning point : creating resilience in a time of extremes
Until death do us part. [5]
I ching clarified : a practical guide
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
Beyond 2012 : catastrophe or awakening? : a complete guide to end-of-time predictions
Until death do us part. 3
The encyclopedia of the unexplained : curious phenomena, strange supertitions and ancient mysteries
Divination and interpretation of signs in the ancient world
Call to office of a pa diviner : a comparative study
Divination and oracles
Heart of tarot : an intuitive approach
The foreshadowing
The psychic tourist : a voyage into the curious world of predicting the future
No harm can come to a good man
Remember who you are : remember 'where' you are and where you 'come' from : remember
Tarot for beginners : a practical guide to reading the cards
Numerology : discover your future, life purpose and destiny from your birth date and name
