http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p609 holocaust
holocaust
Hitler's first victims and one man's race for justice
The Mozart question
One small suitcase
Forgotten crimes : the Holocaust and people with disabilities
The holocaust
The Shadow of Death
Why should we teach about the Holocaust?
Documents on the holocaust : selected sources on the destruction of the Jews of Germany and Austria, Poland, and the Soviet Union
The subtenant ; To outwit God
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Amsterdam, 1943 Hanneke spends her days procuring and delivering sought-after black-market goods to paying customers, her nights hiding the true nature of her work from her concerned parents, and every waking moment mourning her boyfriend, who was killed on the front line when the Germans invaded. She likes to think of her illegal work as a small act of rebellion. But one day Hanneke gets a very unusual request. One of her regular customers asks her to find a girl. A girl who has disappeared from the secret room in her house. A Jewish girl. As she searches for clues Hanneke is drawn into a dangerous web of lies, secrets and mysteries but needs to find the runaway before the Nazis do.
The Representation of the Shoah in literature, theatre and film in Central Europe : 1950s and 1960s = Die Darstellung der Shoah in Literatur, Theater und Film in Mitteleuropa: die fünfziger und sechziger Jahre
Trespassing through shadows : memory, photography, and the Holocaust
The German church struggle and the Holocaust
Writing the Holocaust
Known for his sadistic medical experiments on Jewish prisoners at Mauthausen concentration camp, Dr Aribert Heim disappeared ahead of his imminent arrest for his crimes in 1962. This is the dramatic story of how a clandestine organization comprised of Vietnam war veterans and former secret agents plotted to assassinate him.
The Holocaust in Lithuania between 1941 and 1944
The unwritten order : Hitler's role in the final solution
The villa, the lake, the meeting : Wannsee and the final solution
Diary of the fall
Telling a good Holocaust story : the narrator as a doubled subject in witnessing
Day for night
The puppet boy of Warsaw
Killing Dr Death : the amazing true story of the death squad that tracked down and killed a Nazi war criminal
The third day
Musealising the witness : video testimonies in Holocaust and Second World War museums
The politics of rescue : the Roosevelt administration and the Holocaust : 1938-1945
Amidst Latvians during the Holocaust
Nazi/soviet disinformation about the holocaust in nazi-occupied Latvia : Daugavas vanagi: who are they? revisited
Gone to ground : one woman's extraordinary account of survival in the heart of Nazi Germany
Spiritual Resistance in the Vilna Ghetto
Between witness and testimony : the holocaust and the limits of representation
The zookeeper's wife
Why did holocaust happen?
Documents on the Holocaust : selected sources on the destruction of the Jews of Germany and Austria, Poland and the Soviet Union
War, Culture and Memory
The ghetto fights : [Warsaw 1943-45]
The girl in the blue coat
Roosevelt and the Holocaust : How FDR saved the Jews and brought hope to a nation
The kiss of the Shekhinah : narratives of human and divine motherhood in the Holocaust
You must live : a physician remembers the holocaust
Dancing with the enemy : my family's holocaust secret
Holocaust cinema in the twenty-first century : memory, images and the ethics of representation
Nowhere to hide : a fiction tale of the holocaust
The world of Anne Frank
Emperor of lies
The unfit : a history of a bad idea
This-worldly and other-wordly : a holocaust pilgrimage
Girl with a white dog
Gretel and the dark
A meal in winter
Lost in translation : a life in a new language
Behind the barbed wire
Noah's Child
The colors of the ghetto
During the Holocaus Jewish mothers and their children were treated by the Nazis not as non-combatants but as enemies posing a direct racial threat to the Reich. This paper will use the recent research into gender and the Holocaust and oral histories of mothers and daughters who survived the Holocaust to show how woment experienced and resisted that status as "enemies" of the Reich. And more to the theological point, this paper will explore how those mothers' suffering and resistance to their own and their children's suffering signals towards another model of convenantal relation between God and Israel where God's promise to Israel in Leviticus 26: "I will be ever in your midst; I will be your God, and you shall be My people" need no longer be figured in terms of loyality and obedience to the commandment of an overbearing Lord.
The last Jews in Berlin
Theology after Auschwitz and the Gulag and the relation to Jews and Judaism in the Orthodox Church in Communist Russia : proceedings of the international scholar conference, St. Petersburg, Russia, 26-29 January 1997
But you did not come back
The origins of the Holocaust : Christian anti-semitism
Blooms of darkness
Lily of the field
Denying history : who says the Holocaust never happened and why do they say it?
Kasztner's train : the true story of an unknown hero of the Holocaust
Echoes of the Holocaust : historical cultures in contemporary Europe
To forgive..but not forget : Maja's story
Fatelessness : a novel
Forgotten voices of the holocaust
Number the stars
We wept without tears : testimonies of the Jewish Sonderkommando from Auschwitz
Train to Budapest
Impossible images : contemporary art after the Holocaust / edited by Shelley Hornstein, Laura Levitt, and Laurence J. Silberstein
Auschwitz : the Nazis and the 'final solution'
A small town near Auschwitz : ordinary Nazis and the Holocaust
The lavender keeper
The Holocaust and historical methodology
Echoes from the holocaust : a memoir
The story of the holocaust
Aharon Appelfeld's fiction : acknowledging the Holocaust
Six million crucifixions : how Christian teachings about Jews paved the road to the holocaust
A brief stop : on the road from Auschwitz
Faith after the Holocaust
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Helga's Diary : a young girl's account of life in a concentration camp
Denying history : who says the holocaust never happened and why do they say it
This book aims to move archaeological research concerning the Holocaust forward through a discussion of the variety of the political, social, ethical and religious issues that surround investigations of this period and by considering how to address them. It considers the various reasons why archaeological investigations may take place and what issues will be brought to bear when fieldwork is suggested. It presents an interdisciplinary methodology in order to demonstrate how archaeology can (uniquely) contribute to the history of this period. Case examples are used throughout the book in order to contextualise prevalent themes and a variety of geographically and typologically diverse sites throughout Europe are discussed. This book challenges many of the widely held perceptions concerning the Holocaust, including the idea that it was solely an Eastern European phenomena centered on Auschwitz and the belief that other sites connected to it were largely destroyed or are well-known. The typologically, temporally and spatial diverse body of physical evidence pertaining to this period is presented and future possibilities for investigation of it are discussed. Finally, the volume concludes by discussing issues relating to the “re-presentation” of the Holocaust and the impact of this on commemoration, heritage management and education. This discussion is a timely one as we enter an age without survivors and questions are raised about how to educate future generations about these events in their absence.
The street sweeper : a novel
A critique of infinity : Rosenzweig and Levinas
The zookeeper's wife : a war story
Product Development in Dark Tourism : Case: Topography of Terror (Berlin, Germany)
Jakob's colours
Holocaust archaeologies : approaches and future directions
The Earth is singing
Letting it go
A man lies dreaming
Noah's child
The lost : a search for six of six million
The boy on the wooden box : how the impossible became possible ... on Schindler's list
Hannah Arendt and the limits of total domination : the holocaust, plurality, and resistance
The Holocaust : critical historical approaches
Masters of death : the SS-Einsatzgruppen and the invention of the Holocaust
Isaac's army : a story of courage and survival in Nazi-occupied Poland
Studies on the Holocaust : selected writings
Angel's fury
Surviving in silence : a deaf boy in the holocaust The Harry I. Dunai story
Deaf people in Hitler's Europe
Five years in the Warsaw Ghetto : (The stars bear witness)
The book thief
Unbroken will : the extraordinary courage of an ordinary man : the story of Nazi concentration camp survivor Leopold Engleitner, born 1905
A garden of Eden in hell : the life of Alice Herz-Sommer
Giants : the dwarfs of Auschwitz : the extraordinary true story of the Lilliput Troupe
Why are they all wearing striped pyjamas? : Representing the holocaust to children in I have lived a thousand years and The boy in the striped pyjamas
The Holocaust in literature for youth : a guide and resource book
Can Jews produce Christian art? : the church's reception of Jewish crucifixion imagery after the holocaust
The storyteller : a novel
Shadows of the shoah : Jewish identity and belonging
Child survivors of the Holocaust
The children's house of Belsen
Chełmno and the Holocaust : A History of Hitler's First Death Camp
Children and play in the Holocaust : games among the shadows
Ordinary people as mass murderers : perpetrators in comparative perspectives
Heroes and victims : the Holocaust in Israeli historical consciousness
Holocaust theology : a reader
The Holocaust, art, and taboo : transatlantic exchanges on the ethics and aesthetics of representation
Hitler strikes Poland : blitzkrieg, ideology, and atrocity
Task force for international cooperation on holocaust education, remembrance, and research : ten year anniversary book
One day in France : tragedy and betrayal in an occupied village
The butchers of berlin
The storyteller
Historical awareness and social criticism in Sylvia Plath's poetry : a case study of three poems
History's inescapable impact on the present
German cinema - terror and trauma : cultural memory since 1945
I will plant you a lilac tree : a memoir of a Schindler's list survivor
Nelly Sachs : the poetics of silence and the limits of representation
With balls and chutzpah : a atory of survival
The Silesian town of Bedzin lies a mere twenty-five miles from Auschwitz. Through its linked ghettos and that of its neighboring town, some 85,000 Jews passed on their way to slave labor or the gas chambers. The principal civilian administrator of Bedzin, Udo Klausa, was a happily married family man. He was also responsible for implementing Nazi policies towards the Jews in his area - inhumane processes that were the precursors of genocide. Yet he later claimed, like so many other Germans after the war, that he had 'known nothing about it.' This book re-creates Udo Klausa's story. Using a wealth of personal letters, memoirs, testimonies, interviews and other sources, the author pieces together his role in the unfolding stigmatization and degradation of the Jews under his authority, as well as the heroic attempts at resistance on the part of some of his victims.Portrayed is a fascinating insight into the inner conflicts of a Nazi functionary who, throughout, considered himself a 'decent' man. She also explores the conflicting memories and evasions of his life after the war. But the book is much more than a portrayal of an individual man. Udo Klausa's case is so important because it is in many ways so typical. Behind Klausa's story is the larger story of how countless local functionaries across the Third Reich facilitated the murderous plans of a relatively small number among the Nazi elite - and of how those plans could never have been realized, on the same scale, without the diligent cooperation of these generally very ordinary administrators. As the author shows, men like Klausa 'knew' and yet mostly suppressed this knowledge, performing their day jobs without apparent recognition of their own role in the system, or any sense of personal wrongdoing or remorse - either before or after 1945.This account is no ordinary historical reconstruction. For the author did not discover Udo Klausa amongst the archives, she has known the Klausa family all her life. She had no inkling of her subject's true role in the Third Reich until a few years ago, a discovery that led directly to this inescapably personal professional history.
The holocaust's ghost : writings on art, politics, law and education
The Storyteller
Hitler and the holocaust
Writing the Holocaust demonstrates the impact of current theories from the humanities and social sciences upon the treatment of Holocaust studies. It simplifies the vast range of literature on this subject, providing an accessibly written overview of the major theoretical developments which continue to inform historical writing on the Holocaust.
The plum tree
Hitler's Furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
Interrogations : [inside the minds of the nazi elite]
The fantastic laboratory of Dr. Weigl : how two brave scientists battled typhus and sabotaged the Nazis
Evreii din Transilvania : destin istoric = The Jews of Transylvania : a historical destiny
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Holocaust : a history
Genocide. Vol. 4, Twentieth century imperial genocides: the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany
The crime and the silence : a quest for the truth of a wartime massacre
Journal 1935-1944
Children in genocide : extreme traumatization and affect regulation
“Don't give me away, Mummy” : message and emotion in a Jewish woman's Holocaust narrative
Black earth : the holocaust as history and warning
Little man, what now?
Life in the Hitler Youth
Witnessing the disaster : essays on representation and the Holocaust
Anne Frank : the biography
Giants : the dwarfs of Auschwitz : the extraordinary story of the lilliput troupe
Arabs and the holocaust : the Arab-Israeli war of narratives
The boy in the striped pyjamas : a fable
Elie Wiesel : a challenge to theology
At memory's edge : after-images of the Holocaust in contemporary art and architecture / James E. Young
