http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6106 conservatism
conservatism
This book provides a range of essays on aspects of the British Conservative Party from the late 19th century to the present day. It offers fresh perspectives on Margaret Thatcher and Thatcherism; Britain and Europe; UK policy towards Ireland; Conservatism and reform, and the conservative ideology, to name only a few of the key issues explored. An accessible and concise overview, this book is an important primer for anyone studying British politics, history, or social and political theory. Included are contributions by leading scholars in British political history, think tank commentators, and a former Prime Minister. It offers insights into the Conservative Party's staying power in spite of great social and political changes in the UK and the world. It looks at how the party has functioned historically and what its future might be, discussing its ideology and identity with reference to both Labour and Liberal opponents. Fundamentally it considers the conservative appeal to the electorate, conservative policy in both theory and practice, and debates that have taken place within and outside the party itself.Whether interested in Winston Churchill and David Lloyd George, or David Cameron and Nick Clegg, this work is intended to inform and challenge scholars and political practitioners alike.
“Empire is a state of mind” : imagining Eurasia in Russia
Things can only get better : eighteen miserable years in the life of a Labour supporter 1979-1997
The conservative illusion
Chauvinism, Polish style : the case of Roman Dmowski (beginnings, 1886-1905)
Liberty and tyranny : a conservative manifesto
Watch on the right : conservative intellectuals in the Reagan era
The portable conservative reader
Gay conservatives : group consciousness and assimilation
Life in the jungle : my autobiography
The southern tradition : the achievement and limitation of an American conservatism
Why conservative churches are growing : a study in sociology of religion with a new preface for the Rose edition
Effect of timeliness and conservatism on accounting income
Oklahoma teen Neal Barton stands up for his favorite fantasy series, The Chronicles of Apathea Ravenchilde, when conservative Christians try to bully the town of Americus into banning it from the public library.
Lies (and the lying liars who tell them) : a fair and balanced look at the right
America's right : anti-establishment conservatism from Goldwater to the Tea Party
The Action Francaise : die-hard reactionaries in twentieth-century France
"Debates about U.S. foreign policy have revolved around three main traditions--liberal internationalism, realism, and nationalism. In this book, distinguished political scientist Henry Nau delves deeply into a fourth, overlooked foreign policy tradition that he calls "conservative internationalism." This approach spreads freedom, like liberal internationalism; arms diplomacy, like realism; and preserves national sovereignty, like nationalism. It targets a world of limited government or independent "sister republics," not a world of great power concerts or centralized international institutions.Nau explores conservative internationalism in the foreign policies of Thomas Jefferson, James Polk, Harry Truman, and Ronald Reagan. These presidents did more than any others to expand the arc of freedom using a deft combination of force, diplomacy, and compromise. Since Reagan, presidents have swung back and forth among the main traditions, overreaching under Bush and now retrenching under Obama. Nau demonstrates that conservative internationalism offers an alternative way. It pursues freedom but not everywhere, prioritizing situations that border on existing free countries--Turkey, for example, rather than Iraq. It uses lesser force early to influence negotiations rather than greater force later after negotiations fail. And it reaches timely compromises to cash in military leverage and sustain public support. A groundbreaking revival of a neglected foreign policy tradition, Conservative Internationalism shows how the United States can effectively sustain global leadership while respecting the constraints of public will and material resources"--
The foundations of the British Conservative Party : essays on conservatism from Lord Salisbury to David Cameron
The new communitarians and the crisis of modern liberalism
The culture of contentment
Gloryland : Christian suburbia, Christian nation
"Power, Politics, and the Missouri Synod follows the rise of two Lutheran clergymen Herman Otten and J. A. O. Preus who led different wings of a conservative movement that seized control of a theologically conservative but socially and politically moderate church denomination and drove "moderates" from the church in the 1970s. The schism within what was then one of the largest Protestant denominations in the United States ultimately reshaped the landscape of American Lutheranism and fostered the polarization that characterizes today's Lutheran churches. Burkee's story, supported by personal interviews with key players and church archives sealed for over twenty years, is about more than Lutheranism. The remaking of this one Lutheran denomination reflects a broader movement toward theological and political conservatism in American churches a movement that began in the 1970s and culminated in the formation of the 'Religious Right'" -- Publisher description.
The British political tradition. 2, The ideological heritage
The conservative sixties
David Hume : prophet of the counter-revolution
The foundation of the Conservative Party 1830-1867
The British Conservative Party and one nation politics
Pornography Sex and Feminism
Russian conservatism and its critics : a study in political culture
What is conservatism?
Conservatism : dream and reality
What's the matter with Kansas? : how conservatives won the heart of America
Class and politics in contemporary social science : "Marxism lite" and its blind spot for culture
The neoconservative mind : politics, culture, and the war of ideology
Little book of big ideas : politics
Alfred von Tirpitz and german right-wing politics, 1914-1930
Exodus : why Americans are fleeing liberal churches for conservative Christianity
For party or country : nationalism and the dilemmas of popular conservatism in Edwardian England
Religious politics and secular states : Egypt, India and the United States
The new right
Conservatism
Conservative thought in contemporary China
Liberalism versus conservatism : the continuing debate in American government
Christian fundamentalism and the culture of disenchantment
Feminism and families : critical policies and changing practices
Radical conservatism and the future of politics
Political conservatism and left-right orientation in 24 Eastern and Western European countries
Moral politics : what conservatives know that liberals don't
Swedish folk music in the twenty-first century : on the nature of tradition in a folkless nation
Educating the "right" way : markets, standards, God, and inequality
Liberalism and conservatism : the nature and structure of social attitudes
Poisoning the minds of the lower orders
The new conservatism : an anthology of post-war thought : with an introduction
In this work, Swen Hutter demonstrates the usefulness of studying both electoral politics and protest politics to better understand the impacts of globalization. Hutter integrates research on cleavage politics and populist parties in Western Europe with research on social movements. He shows how major new cleavages restructured protest politics over a thirty-year period, from the 1970s through the 1990s. This major study brings back the concept of cleavages to social movement studies and connects the field with contemporary research on populism, electoral behavior, and party politics. Hutter s work extends the landmark 1995 "New Social Movements in Western Europe," the book that spurred the recognition that a broad empirical frame is valuable for understanding powerful social movements. This new book shows that it is also beneficial to include the study of political parties and protest politics. While making extensive use of public opinion, protest event, and election campaigning data, Hutter skillfully employs contemporary data from six West European societies Austria, Britain, France, Germany, the Netherlands, and Switzerland to account for responses to protest events and political issues across countries. "Protesting Culture and Economics in Western Europe" makes productive empirical, methodological, and theoretical contributions to the study of social movements and comparative politics. Empirically, it employs a new approach, along with new data, to explain changes in European politics over several decades. Methodologically, it makes rigorous yet creative use of diverse datasets in innovative ways, particularly across national borders. And theoretically, it makes a strong claim for considering the distinctive politics of protest across various issue domains as it investigates the asymmetrical politics of protest from left and right.
Americus
The  Meaning of conservatism
This text is about how and why parties in general, and the Conservative Party in particular, make changes to the face they present to the electorate, the way they organise themselves, and the policies they come up with. It is an in-depth but comprehensive study based on original archival sources.
The rise of the global imaginary : political ideologies from the French Revolution to the global war on terror
American conservatism : an encyclopedia
The neoconservatives : the men who are changing America's politics
Conservative politics in Western Europe
Statecraft : strategies for a changing world
The intellectual foundations of Chinese modernity : cultural and political thought in the Republican era
The fateful alliance : German conservatives and Nazis in 1933 : the Machtergreifung in a new light
Gerald L.K. Smith, minister of hate
I am America (and so can you!)
"This book examines the history of conservative American Christianity as it interacts with liberal beliefs. With the Enlightenment, the Puritan sense of mission faded, but was rekindled with the Great Awakening. It is history with a human touch, emphasizing personalities from Jonathan Edwards and William Jennings Bryan to David Koresh and Jim Jones"--Provided by publisher.
The conservative intellectual movement in America, since 1945
The conservative mind : from Burke to Eliot
The conservative imagination
Strangers in their own land : anger and mourning on the American right
Bible-carrying Christians : conservative Protestants and social power
Conservatism in early American history
English conservatism since the restoration : an introduction and anthology
Leo Strauss and the American right
Conservative minds in America
Left, right and center : essays on liberalism and conservatism in the United States
Counter-revolution of the word : the conservative attack on modern poetry, 1945-1960
Essays on accounting conservatism and goodwill write-offs
Napoleon's legacy : problems of government in Restoration Europe
The Limits of change : essays on conservative alternatives in Republican China
The new Christian right : mobilization and legitimation
¡Adios, America! : the Left's plan to turn our country into a Third World hellhole
The new right : the counter-revolution in political, economic and social thought
Princeton theologian Mark Taylor analyzes right-wing Christian movements in the United States amid the powers of religion, politics, empire, and corporate classes in post-9/11 USA.The real gift of Taylor's book is his argument that this militant Christian faith must be viewed against a backdrop of the American political romanticism and corporatist liberalism of U.S. past and present. Taylor uses the best of cultural and historical studies, while deftly drawing lessons for American readers from theologian Paul Tillich's analysis of power and religion during the rise of fascism and nationalism in Germany of the 1930s.The result is an innovative framework for interpreting how Christian nationalists, Pentagon war planners and corporate institutions today are forging alliances in the U.S. that have dramatic and destructive global impact. Moving beyond lament, Taylor also leaves readers with a new romance of revolutionary traditions and a new more radical liberalism, revitalizing American visions of spirit that are both prophetic and public for U.S. residents today.
Literature and the conservative ideal
Conservative internationalism : armed diplomacy under Jefferson, Polk, Truman, and Reagan
Liberalism, conservatism and Hayek's idea of spontaneous order
Recent studies show that the vast majority of the LGBT community considers itself politically liberally. Yet nearly 25% of all LGBT voters helped re-elect George W. Bush in 2004 - who are these people and why did they make that choice? Gay Conservatives examines why conservative LGBTs join political groups and support political candidates that not only don't favor policies that benefit the LGBT community, but in some cases, advocate prejudicial policies. This thought-provoking book looks at the impact of "group consciousness" on conservative LGBTs and how it affects political power and social construction. Gay Conservatives uses both quantitative and qualitative studies that center on conservative LGBTs within in the LGBT community, while using data collected on liberal LGBTs for comparison purposes. Log Cabin Republicans and StoneWall Democrats in several cities were interviewed and an online survey of more than 1,000 LGBTs was conducted by the Gill Foundation in an effort to understand the political identity of conservative LGBTs and how it fits into the bigger picture in the LGBT community. The book examines how - and why - conservative LGBT activity conflicts with the general interests of the community, including the "constitutional" rights of LGBT individuals to marry, whether LGBTs should be allowed to serve openly in the United States military, and whether state and local governments should play a more significant role in dealing with hate crimes directed at the LGBT community.
The wisdom of love
The genesis of German conservatism
Unraveling the right : the new conservatism in American thought and politics
The new right: politics, markets and citizenship
Right-wing critics of American conservatism
Redeeming America : piety and politics in the New Christian Right
Christian fundamentalism in America : a cultural history
Liberalism versus conservatism : a bibliography with indexes
Neoconservatism
The conservative tradition in American thought : an anthology
"David A.J. Richards's Resisting Injustice and The Feminist Ethics of Care in The Age of Obama: "Suddenly, ... All The Truth Was Coming Out" builds on his and Carol Gilligan's The Deepening Darkness to examine the roots of the resistance movements of the 1960s, the political psychology behind contemporary conservatism, and President Obama's present-day appeal as well as the reasons for the reactionary politics against him. Richards begins by laying out the basics of the ethics of care and proposing an alternative basis for ethics: relationality, which is based in convergent findings in infant research, neuroscience, and evolutionary psychology. He critically analyzes patriarchal politics and states that they are rooted in a reactionary psychology that attacks human relationality and ethics. From there, the book examines the 1960s resistance movements and argues that they were fundamentally oriented around challenging patriarchy. Richards asserts that the reactionary politics in America from the 1960s to the present are in service of an American patriarchy threatened by the resistance movements ranging from the 1960s civil rights movements to the present gay rights movement. Reactionary politics intend to marginalize and even reverse the ethical achievements accomplished by resistance movements--creating, in effect, a system of patriarchy hiding in democracy. Richards consequently argues that Obama's appeal is connected to his challenge to this system of patriarchy and will examine both Obama's appeal and the reactions against him in light of the 2012 presidential election. This book positions recent American political development in a broad analysis of the role of patriarchy in human oppression throughout history, and argues that a feminist-based ethics of care is necessary to form a more humane and inclusive democratic politics."--Publisher's website.
Why I, too, am not a conservative : the normative vision of classical liberalism
Rebels all! : a short history of the conservative mind in postwar America
The German right in the Weimar Republic : studies in the history of German conservatism, nationalism, and antisemitism from 1918 to 1933
Guilty : liberal "victims" and their assault on America
Thatcherism : personality and politics
The anti-Jacobin Novel : British conservatism and the French Revolution
Conservatism : a contribution to the sociology of knowledge
The lost literature of socialism
Neo-conservatism : the autobiography of an idea
A case for conservatism
Do you ever wonder why conservative pundits drop the word "faggot" or talk about killing and then Christianizing Muslims abroad? Do you wonder why the right's spokespeople seem so confrontational, rude, and over-the-top recently? Does it seem strange that conservative books have such apocalyptic titles? Do you marvel at why conservative writers trumpeted the "rebel" qualities of George W. Bush just a few years back?There is no doubt that the style of the political right today is tough, brash, and by many accounts, not very conservative sounding. After all, isn't conservatism supposed to be about maintaining standards, upholding civility, and frowning upon rebellion? Historian Kevin Mattson explains the apparent contradictions of the party in this fresh examination of the postwar conservative mind.Examining a big cast of characters that includes William F. Buckley, Whittaker Chambers, Norman Podhoretz, Irving Kristol, Kevin Phillips, David Brooks, and others, Mattson shows how right-wing intellectuals have always, but in different ways, played to the populist and rowdy tendencies in America's political culture. He boldly compares the conservative intellectual movement to the radical utopians among the New Left of the 1960s and he explains how conservatism has ingested central features of American culture, including a distrust of sophistication and intellectualism and a love of popular culture, sensation, shock, and celebrity.Both a work of history and political criticism, "Rebels All!" shows how the conservative mind made itself appealing, and also points to its endemic problems. Mattson's conclusion outlines how a recast liberalism should respond to the conservative ascendancy that has marked our politics for the last thirty years.
How to be evangelical without being conservative
The fourth political theory
Debates waged between secularists and religious conservatives have convinced most Americans that public schools must choose between promoting respect for religious minorities and respecting the interests of conservative Christians. As a result, public schools fail to teach students about the meaning and value of protecting religious liberty and consequently perpetuate mistrust across the cultural divide, further empower extremists, and obscure the fact that most Americans of all religious backgrounds share a commitment to basic democratic principles. In response, the public schools in the religiously diverse and divided community of Modesto, California, have introduced a widely acclaimed required world religions course. Drawing on groundbreaking research on the creation of and response to the Modesto course as well as on political philosophy, Emile Lester advocates a civic approach to teaching about religion in public schools that at once emphasizes respect for all views about religion and provides a special recognition of conservative Christian beliefs.
The theme is freedom : religion, politics, and the American tradition
Ideologies of conservatism
Exceptions, Distinctions, and Processes of Identification : The 'Concrete Thought' of Carl Schmitt and US Neoconservatism as Seen through Readings of Kenneth Burke and Jacques Derrida
The binding of Leviathan : conservatism and the future
The right in the twentieth century : conservatism and democracy
Conservatism in America : the thankless persuasion
Religion of fear : the politics of horror in conservative evangelicalism
The conservative mind
Bushwomen : tales of a cynical species
The Republican noise machine : right-wing media and how it corrupts democracy
Modern liberty and its discontents
This book takes a devastating look at the actions and policies of the George W. Bush administration in terms of their impact on women in the United States and abroad. Surprisingly, this is a largely ignored aspect of Bush's presidency, even though his policies have in many ways reversed or inhibited women's progress over the past three decades. While the media have focused on his opposition to abortion, Bush's less-publicized anti-feminist agenda has in fact been much more extensive. He has opposed women's interests in multiple ways, from shutting down women's offices in the government to de-funding programs that assist women, from opposing global women's rights treaties to supporting anti-feminist organizations. Contrary to his public claims that 'W stands for Women,' his policies, appointments and actions reveal a strongly patriarchal bent. This book also includes a chapter on the negative effects on women of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.
A dictionary of conservative and libertarian thought
A free Europe for all : responsaibility for people, the environment and economic wellbeing
The transformation of American politics : activist government and the rise of conservatism
Pen for a party : Dryden's Tory propaganda in its contexts
The conservatives and British society, 1880-1990
The neoconservative vision : from the Cold War to the culture wars
Conservatism for our time
The conservatives since 1945 : the drivers of party change
The Primrose League 1883-1906
The neocon reader
The conservative mind from Burke to Santayana
Neoconservatism : the autobiography of an idea
How the conservatives rule Japan
Radicals and conservatives
Conservative politics in France
The controversial political pundit shares her thoughts about the state of modern American politics, culture, and society.
The radical right : a world directory
The Action Française : die-hard reactionaries in twentieth-century France
Catholic intellectuals and conservative politics in America, 1950-1985
Conservatism in America
What's the matter with America? : the resistible rise of the American right
No mercy : how conservative think tanks and foundations changed America's social agenda
This title presets poetry's cold war. During the Cold War an unlikely coalition of poets, editors, and politicians converged in an attempt to discredit - if not destroy - the American modernist avant-garde. Ideologically diverse yet willing to bespeak their hatred of modern poetry through the rhetoric of anticommunism, these "anticommunist antimodernists;" as Alan Filreis dubs them, joined associations such as the League for Sanity in Poetry to decry the modernist "conspiracy" against form and language. In "Counter-revolution of the Word", Filreis narrates the story of this movement and assesses its effect on American poetry and poetics.Although the antimodernists expressed their disapproval through ideological language, their hatred of experimental poetry was ultimately not political but aesthetic, Filreis argues. By analyzing correspondence, decoding pseudonyms, drawing new connections through the archives, and conducting interviews, Filreis shows that an informal network of antimodernists was effective in suppressing or distorting the postwar careers of many poets whose work had appeared regularly in the 1930s. Filreis' analysis provides new insight into why experimental poetry has aroused such fear and alarm among American conservatives.
Outside, looking in : critiques of American policies and institutions, left and right
The marketplace of ideas : a corpus study of buy and sell metaphors in American political discourse
Against the masses : varieties of anti-democratic thought since the French Revolution
Between a man and a woman? : why conservatives oppose same-sex marriage
The conservative mind : from Burke to Santayana
Teaching about religions : a democratic approach for public schools
Abstract.
Neoconservative Ideology and the Use of Torture in the "Global War on Terror" : Morally Right, in perfect denial, or in persistent cognitive dissonance?
Contemporary British conservatism
The new right : politics, markets and citizenship
Protesting culture and economics in Western Europe : new cleavages in left and right politics
Naked truth : strip clubs, democracy, and a Christian Right
Keeping the tablets : modern American conservative thought
An angel directs the storm : apocalyptic religion and American empire
A political philosophy
We Are All Georgians : The Neoconservative Narrative on the Russia-Georgia War
The psychology of conservatism
Conservative texts : an anthology
Prospects for conservatives
The meaning of conservatism
The structure of modern ideology : critical perspectives on social and political theory
From thatcherism to new labour : a history of the youth service in England
The conservative tradition in America
Power, politics, and the Missouri Synod : a conflict that changed American Christianity
Resisting injustice and the feminist ethics of care in the age of Obama : "suddenly ... all the truth was coming out "
The role of religion in marriage and family counselingIntroducing second language acquisition
"This book is the first attempt to present an integrated overview of the development of liberal, conservative, and socialist thought in the Republican era, which formed the intellectual foundations of Chinese modernity. The book explores ideas in relation to their cultural and political backgrounds. The author argues that the key to understanding the Chinese quest for modernity lies in an appreciation of the interrelatedness and interplay of different schools of thought. There is no one single vision of Chinese modernity. Instead, different visions contest, interact, and influence one another"--Provided by publisher.
Politics and philosophy : the necessity and limitations of rational argument
The radical right : the new American right expanded and updated
Barry Goldwater : portrait of an Arizonan
Jesus was a liberal : reclaiming Christianity for all
Out of the mouths of babes : girl evangelists in the flapper era
American conservatism
Japanese conservatives and foreign affairs : grand strategy after the Cold War
George W. Bush and the war on women : turning back the clock on progess
Rescuing the Bible
Rebellious conservatives : social movements in defense of privilege
The Reagan presidency : pragmatic conservatism and its legacies
To the right : the transformation of American conservatism
The Mexican right : the end of revolutionary reform, 1929-1940
From Billy Graham to Sarah Palin : evangelicals and the betrayal of American conservatism
Mr. Conservative: Barry Goldwater
A program for conservatives
Retrieving the big society
Open for business : conservatives' opposition to environmental regulation
Religion, politics, and the Christian right : post-9/11 powers and American empire
Eternal hostility : the struggle between theocracy and democracy
The relationship between liberalism and conservatism : parasitic, competitive or symbolic?
The absence of a specific “family politics” has ceded an important political space to anti-feminist movements and weakened the capacity of the feminist movement to intervene effectively in the debates and struggles of the current period. Despite significant changes in family, domestic and interpersonal relations, the prevailing ideology of the heterosexual nuclear family as the norm still shapes social, economic and legal practices. This book argues for feminist debates in all areas affecting families and begins with such important areas as demographics, family law, lesbian parenting, women's friendships, child benefit legislation, the contradictions of parenting, etc.
The new politics of pornography
