http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p610 anti-semitism
anti-semitism
Digging for Hitler : the Nazi archaeologists search for an Aryan past
The dynamics of Nazism : leadership, ideology, and the holocaust
World-controllers : nationalism, internationalism and the invisible jewish state in the imagined conspiracy of the international jew
Dark riddle : Hegel, Nietzsche, and the Jews
Antisemitism : a history
Theology after Auschwitz and its correlation with theology after the Gulag : consequences and conclusions : proceedings of the second international conference, St. Petersburg, Russia, 26-28 January 1998
Antisemitism : a reference handbook
The tragedy of Romanian Jewry
The Romanian legionary movement : an Orthodox Christian assessment of anti-semitism
The aim of the second part of the project on the impact of the racial laws under the Mussolini regime is to offer the reader a critical edition and an English translation of 139 letters that were exchanged between the victims of those laws (and their relatives and friends) and the Jesuit Pietro Tacchi Venturi (1861-1956) who interceded with the Fascist government in order to circumvent or alleviate various provisions of the 1938 anti-Jewish legislation.
Antisemitism : a historical encyclopedia of prejudice and persecution
The illustrated history of the Jewish people
Christians and Jews in the twelfth century renaissance
Probing the limits of representation : nazism and the "final solution"
Presumed guilty : how the Jews were blamed for the death of Jesus
The plot : the secret story of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion
Encyclopedia of race and racism. Vol. 3, S-Z, primary sources, index
Murder on the Trans-Siberian Express : an inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Competing eyes : visual encounters with alterity in Central and Eastern Europe
Darkness rising
Faith and the fratricide : the theological roots of anti-semitism
The slaughter of the Jews in the Ukraine in 1919
""My father was born into war," begins this remarkable saga in Alisse Waterston's intimate ethnography, a story that is also twentieth century social history. This is an anthropologist's vivid account of her father's journey across continents, countries, cultures, languages, generations--and wars. It is a daughter's moving portrait of a charming, funny, wounded and difficult man, his relationships with those he loved, and his most sacred of beliefs. And it is a scholar's reflection on the dramatic forces of history, the legacies of culture, the experience of a Jewish immigrant, and the enduring power of memory. This book is for Sociology and Anthropology courses in qualitative methods, ethnography, violence, migration, and ethnicity"--
The holocaust on trial : history, justice and the David Irving Libel case
The unwritten order : Hitler's role in the final solution
Richard Wagner and the jews
The statement
Lessons in contempt : Poul Ræff's translation and publication in 1516 of Johannes Pfefferkorn's The confessions of the Jews
The Hakenkreuz, or broken cross, became the vivid icon under which Adolph Hitler united his destitute and pride-starved nation. As Der Führer, supreme leader of the Reich, Hitler rejoiced that the swastika was openly displayed in churches throughout Germany. Confused at first by their responsibilities, then deceived by their pride, many church leaders capitulated to the wave of nationalism that swept the cross of Jesus Christ from its rightful place. Others did not -- and paid the ultimate price for upholding the truth. Erwin W. Lutzer explores the story of Hitler's cross -- how a whole race of people so in need of a champion found little help from the church of Christ and so invited the judgment of God. - Jacket.
Christianity and Judaism : papers read at the 1991 Summer Meeting and 1992 Winter Meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
Anti-semitism in France : a political history from Léon Blum to the present
An enemy of the people : antisemitism
Jewishness rediscovered : Jewish identity in the Soviet Union
The nazis : a warning from history
Domino : a manual to use peer group education as a means to fight racism, xenophobia, anti-semitism and intolerance
Klezmer's afterlife : an ethnography of the Jewish music revival in Poland and Germany
Pain and polemic : anti-Judaism in the Gospels
T. S. Eliot, anti-Semitism and literary form
Antisemitism and the foundations of Christianity
Political anti-Semitism in post-Soviet Russia : actors and ideas in 1991-2003
Hated without a cause? : a survey of anti-semitism
Evangelist of race : the Germanic vision of Houston Stewart Chamberlain
Vichy France and the Jews
Toward the final solution : a history of European racism
Hitler and the "Armenian question"
Anti-semitism in the making : a study of American high school students
The modern guide to Judaism
Jihad and Jew-hatred : Islamism, Nazism and the roots of 9/11
The Rosenberg file : a search for the truth
Antisemitism : the oldest hatred
Antisemitism : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 11, 1994-1995, part 2. 1380-2700
The devil and the Jews : the medieval conception of the Jew and its relation to modern antisemitism
Distinctively coauthored by a Christian scholar and a Jewish scholar, this monumental, interdisciplinary study explores the various ways in which the Holocaust has been studied and assesses its continuing significance. The authors develop an analysis of the Holocaust's historical roots, its shattering impact on human civilization, and its decisive importance in determining the fate of the world. This revised edition takes into account developments in Holocaust studies since the first edition was published. -- Review: "Approaches to Auschwitz is brilliant in its pedagogy, authoritative in its understanding, and bold in its impact. It ranks as an original work of scholarship and among the finest--if not the finest--of the texts that professors can choose for their class."
Manifestations of antisemitism in the EU 2002-2003 : based on information by the National Focal Points of the EUMC-RAXEN Information Network
The Trouble with Islam : A Muslim's Call for Reform in Her Faith
The persisting question : sociological perspectives and social contexts of modern antisemitism
Nietzsche's Jewish problem : between anti-Semitism and anti-Judaism
Voices from the holocaust
Sources of the Holocaust
From blood libel to boycott : changing faces of British antisemitism
The ayatollahs' democracy : an Iranian challenge
Antisemitism : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 3, 1987-1988
Jews and Christians: rivals or partners for the kingdom of God? : in search of an alternative for the theology of substitution
Antisemitism : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 8 , 1991-1993, part 2
Gretel and the dark
Blood libel in late imperial Russia : the ritual murder trial of Mendel Beilis
Germany : the symbol and the deed
Removing the anti-Judaism from the pulpit
Your Father the devil : a new approach to John and "the Jews"
Antisemitism : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 7, 1991-1993,  part 1
The devil's diary : Alfred Rosenberg and the stolen secrets of the Third Reich
"Pouring Jewish water into fascist wine" : untold stories of (Catholic) Jews from the archive of Mussolini's Jesuit Pietro Tacchi Venturi. Volume 2
Primed for violence : murder, antisemitism, and democratic politics in interwar Poland
Issues in contemporary Judaism
Dostoyevsky and the Jews
The origins of the Holocaust : Christian anti-semitism
The Germans and the Holocaust : popular responses to the persecution and murder of the Jews
My father's wars : migration, memory, and the violence of a century
Exclusionary violence : antisemitic riots in modern German history
Fair play for American athletes : a publication of the American Olympic Committee
Anne Frank and after : Dutch holocaust literature in historical perspective
Trent 1475 : stories of a ritual murder trial
Antisemitism : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 2, 1986-1087
From prejudice to destruction : anti-Semitism, 1700-1933
Three versions of Esther : their relationship to anti-semitic and feminist critique of the story
Hitler, Germans and the "Jewish question"
Denial and repression of anti-semitism : post-communist remembrance of the Serbian Bishop Nikolaj Velimirović
Antisemitism : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 9, 1991-1993, part 3. Index to volumes 7-9
"In Dark Mirror, Sara Lipton offers a fascinating examination of the emergence of anti-Semitic iconography in the Middle AgesThe straggly beard, the hooked nose, the bag of coins, and gaudy apparel--the religious artists of medieval Christendom had no shortage of virulent symbols for identifying Jews. Yet, hateful as these depictions were, the story they tell is not as simple as it first appears.Drawing on a wide range of primary sources, Lipton argues that these visual stereotypes were neither an inevitable outgrowth of Christian theology nor a simple reflection of medieval prejudices. Instead, she maps out the complex relationship between medieval Christians' religious ideas, social experience, and developing artistic practices that drove their depiction of Jews from benign, if exoticized, figures connoting ancient wisdom to increasingly vicious portrayals inspired by (and designed to provoke) fear and hostility.At the heart of this lushly illustrated and meticulously researched work are questions that have occupied scholars for ages--why did Jews becomes such powerful and poisonous symbols in medieval art? Why were Jews associated with certain objects, symbols, actions, and deficiencies? And what were the effects of such portrayals--not only in medieval society, but throughout Western history? What we find is that the image of the Jew in medieval art was not a portrait of actual neighbors or even imagined others, but a cloudy glass into which Christendom gazed to find a distorted, phantasmagoric rendering of itself"--
Perceptions of antisemitism in the European Union : voices from members of the European Jewish communities
Hate and the 'Jewish science' : anti-Semitism, Nazism and psychoanalysis
Admitting the Holocaust : collected essays
Globalisation hatred : the new antisemitism
God and humanity in Auschwitz : Jewish-Christian relations and sanctioned murder
Anti-Semitism in the New Testament?
Julius Streicher : Nazi editor of the notorious anti-Semitic newspaper Der Stürmer
Reflections on anti-semitism
The Jews and the Crusaders : the Hebrew chronicles of the first and second Crusades
The non-existent manuscript : a study of the Protocols of the sages of Zion
The longest shadow : in the aftermath of the Holocaust
Antisemitism and modernity : innovation and continuity
A grin without a cat. 1, Adversus Iudaeos texts in the literature of medieval Russia (988-1504)
Antisemitism : the longest hatred
Jewish dogs : an image and its interpreters : continuity in the Catholic-Jewish encounter
Days in the history of silence
Romanian nationalists and the Holocaust : the political exploitation of unfounded rescue accounts
The conflict of the church and the synagogue : a study in the origins of antisemitism
The story of the holocaust
The Jew in the medieval book : English antisemitisms 1350 - 1500
Teaching the Holocaust : practical approaches for ages 11-18
Jews and Jewish life in Russia and the Soviet Union
Alma mater antisemitica : akademisches Milieu, Juden und Antisemitismus an den Universitäten Europas zwischen 1918 und 1939 = Academic milieu, Jews and antisemitism at European universities between 1918 and 1939
The Jews in the Soviet Union since 1917. Volume I: paradox of survival
Perpetrators victims bystanders : the Jewish catastrophe 1933-1945
Antisemitism : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 12, 1996
A moral reckoning : the role of the Catholic Church in the Holocaust and its unfulfilled duty of repair
Modernity, culture and "the Jew"
Denying history : who says the holocaust never happened and why do they say it
The changing face of antisemitism : from ancient times to the present day
The Jews in Weimar Germany
Hostages of modernization : studies on modern antisemitism 1870-1933/39 : Germany-Great Britain-France. 1, Germany-Great Britain-France
Hannah Arendt : a reinterpretation of her political thought
The Anti-Zionist complex
Why the Germans? why the Jews? : envy, race hatred, and the prehistory of the Holocaust
Antisemitism : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 13, 1997
Nationalism and antisemitism in modern Europe 1815-1945
Varieties of right-wing extremism in Europe
The anti-semitic moment : a tour of France in 1898
The fusion of psychiatry and social science
Shattered! 50 years of silence : history and voices of the tragedy in Romania and Transnistria
An officer and a spy
Great Britain, British Jews and the international protection of Romanian Jews, 1900-1914 : a study of Jewish diplomacy and minority rights
Tell ye your children.. : a book about the Holocaust in Europe 1933-1945
Who killed Jesus? : exposing the roots of anti-semitism in the Gospel story of the death of Jesus
Executive summary (s. 9-30).
Journal
Approaches to Auschwitz : the Holocaust and its legacy
The world reacts to the Holocaust
Hebrew Esther tells the story of a woman who assumes responsibility to save her people from attempted genocide. Old Greek and Alpha Text Esther are examples of Jewish apologetic and polemic literature that addressed Greek and Latin perceptions of Jewish xenophobia and misanthropy. However, in spite of the fact that Hebrew Esther gives an account of a woman's leading role in the prevention of the genocide of the Jews of Persia, and the fact that the authors of the Greek versions reinterpreted the Hebrew for the purpose of addressing anti-Semitic sentiment in the Greco-Roman world, the story of Esther is the object of significant anti-Semitic and feminist critique. In contrast to most past and current scholarship, this work uses a combination of critical methods to question both forms of critique, and contrasts Hebrew Esther's character and actions with her character and actions portrayed in the two Greek versions.
The holocaust : the third reich and the jews
"The straggly beard, the hooked nose, the bag of coins, and gaudy apparel--the religious artists of medieval Christendom had no shortage of virulent symbols for identifying Jews. Yet, hateful as these depictions were, the story they tell is not as simple as it first appears. Drawing on a wide range of primary sources, Lipton argues that these visual stereotypes were neither an inevitable outgrowth of Christian theology nor a simple reflection of medieval prejudices. Instead, she maps out the complex relationship between medieval Christians' religious ideas, social experience, and developing artistic practices that drove their depiction of Jews from benign, if exoticized, figures connoting ancient wisdom to increasingly vicious portrayals inspired by (and designed to provoke) fear and hostility. At the heart of this lushly illustrated and meticulously researched work are questions that have occupied scholars for ages--why did Jews becomes such powerful and poisonous symbols in medieval art? Why were Jews associated with certain objects, symbols, actions, and deficiencies? And what were the effects of such portrayals--not only in medieval society, but throughout Western history? What we find is that the image of the Jew in medieval art was not a portrait of actual neighbors or even imagined others, but a cloudy glass into which Christendom gazed to find a distorted, phantasmagoric rendering of itself"--
Anti-Jewish attitudes in the Arabic media, 1975-1981
Israel's first line of defence : the construction of American Jewish identity in the Jewish Week
Ghetto in flames : the struggle and destruction of the Jews in Vilna in the holocaust
My secret camera : life in the Lodz ghetto
Encyclopedia of race and racism. Vol. 1, A-F
The Diary of a young girl
Socialism of fools : capitalism and modern anti-Semitism
Ordinary people as mass murderers : perpetrators in comparative perspectives
Antisemitism in America
Studies in the scope and method of "The authoritarian personality" : continuities in social research
Nationalist ideology and antisemitism : the case of Romanian intellectuals in the 1930s
Tainted glory in Handel's Messiah : the unsettling history of the world's most beloved choral work
A concise history of American antisemitism
Antisemitism : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 10, 1994-1995, part 1. 0001-1379
Toward a definition of antisemitism
Holocaust theology : a reader
Auschwitz : contemporary Jewish and Christian encounters
Jews in Romania, 1866-1919 : from exclusion to emancipation
Antisemitism : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 4, 1988-1990, part 1
Antisemitic prejudices in contemporary Hungary
The imaginary synagogue : anti-Jewish literature in the Portuguese early-modern world (16th-18th centuries)
The new anti-Semitism
Discrimination and hate crime against Jews in EU Member States : experiences and perceptions of antisemitism
Escape through the Balkans : the autobiography of Irene Grünbaum
Salvaging German Jewry : a guide to those who wish to help
Christians, Jews, and other worlds : patterns of conflict and accommodation : the Avery lectures in history
Marcion and the origins of Christian anti-Judaism : a reappraisal
The responsibility of the pariah : the impact of Bernard Lazare on Arendt's conception of political action and judgement in extreme situations
Out of the red shadows : anti-semitism in Stalin's Russia
"A provocative and insightful analysis that sheds new light on one of the most puzzling and historically unsettling conundrums Why the Germans? Why the Jews? Countless historians have grappled with these questions, but few have come up with answers as original and insightful as those of maverick German historian Gotz Aly. Tracing the prehistory of the Holocaust from the 1800s to the Nazis' assumption of power in 1933, Aly shows that German anti-Semitism was--to a previously overlooked extent--driven in large part by material concerns, not racist ideology or religious animosity. As Germany made its way through the upheaval of the Industrial Revolution, the difficulties of the lethargic, economically backward German majority stood in marked contrast to the social and economic success of the agile Jewish minority. This success aroused envy and fear among the Gentile population, creating fertile ground for murderous Nazi politics.Surprisingly, and controversially, Aly shows that the roots of the Holocaust are deeply intertwined with German efforts to create greater social equality. Redistributing wealth from the well-off to the less fortunate was in many respects a laudable goal, particularly at a time when many lived in poverty. But as the notion of material equality took over the public imagination, the skilled, well-educated Jewish population came to be seen as having more than its fair share. Aly's account of this fatal social dynamic opens up a new vantage point on the greatest crime in history and is sure to prompt heated debate for years to come"--
What price prejudice? : Christian antisemitism in America
A state within a state : the history of an anti-semitic slogan
Popularizing Anti-Semitism in early modern Spain and its empire : Francisco de Torrejoncillo and the Centinela contra Judíos (1674)
The holocaust's ghost : writings on art, politics, law and education
Under one heaven : Poles and Jews
Blood libel : The life and memory of Mendel Beilis
History, religion and antisemitism
Anti-Semite and Jew
Hitler's Furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
Why the Jews? : The reason for antisemitism
Peter in peril : courage and hope in World War Two
The origins of totalitarianism
Faith and fratricide : the theological roots of anti-semitism
A.l.e.p.h. : abstracts of legal, econimic, political and historical issues concerning the relation between Europa and the Arab World
Christian anti-Semitism and Paul's theology
Hitler's cross
Dark mirror : the medieval origins of anti-Jewish iconography
French history since Napoleon
Antisemitism : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 5, 1988-1990,  part 2
Paths to genocide : antisemitism in Western history
Jews and booze : becoming American in the age of prohibition
The fixer
Black earth : the holocaust as history and warning
"Obcy i niemili" : antysemickie rysunki z prasy polskiej 1919-1939 = "Alien and unpleasant": antisemic drawings from the Polish press 1919-1939
The Dent atlas of the holocaust
Encyclopedia of race and racism. Vol. 2, G-R
The crucified Jew : twenty centuries of anti-semitism
Anti-Zionism and antisemitism in the contemporary world
Israel, God's servant : God's key to the redemption of the world
The Jew's body
Israel pocket library. 12, Anti-semitism
Denying the holocaust : the growing assault on truth and memory
Arabs and the holocaust : the Arab-Israeli war of narratives
Blood-bespotted diary
The crime and the silence : confronting the massacre of Jews in wartime Jedwabne
