http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6107 conservative parties
conservative parties
This book offers a comprehensive and accessible study of the electoral strategies, governing approaches and ideological thought of the British Conservative Party from Winston Churchill to David Cameron. Timothy Heppell integrates a chronological narrative with theoretical evaluation, examining the interplay between the ideology of Conservatism and the political practice of the Conservative Party both in government and in opposition. He considers the ethos of the Party within the context of statecraft theory, looking at the art of winning elections and of governing competently. The book opens with an examination of the triumph and subsequent degeneration of one-nation Conservatism in the 1945 to 1965 period, and closes with an analysis of the party's re-entry into government as a coalition with the Liberal Democrats in 2010, and of the developing ideology and approach of the Cameron-led Tory party in government.
In search of suitable political leadership : Japanese conservatives in occupation plans and policies 1942–1947
Sex, gender and the Conservative Party : from Iron Lady to Kitten Heels
Margaret Thatcher. Vol. 1, The grocer's daughter
The age of Disraeli, 1868-1881 : the rise of Tory democracy
Not for turning : the life of Margaret Thatcher
What is conservatism?
The Tories and Ireland : Conservative Party politics and the home rule crisis, 1910-1914
Populist radical right parties in Europe
Gloryland : Christian suburbia, Christian nation
Margaret Thatcher. 1, The grocer's daughter
The Conservative Party and social policy
Edward Heath : the authorised biography
The Conservatives are back - but what took them so long? Why did the world's oldest and most successful political party dump Margaret Thatcher only to commit electoral suicide under John Major? Just as importantly, what stopped the Tories getting their act together until David Cameron came along? And what did Cameron do that William Hague, Iain Duncan Smith and Michael Howard couldn't or wouldn't? Has the Tory leader changed his party as much as he claims? Or has his leadership involved more compromise - and more Conservatism - than we realise? The answers, as this accessible and gripping book shows, are as intriguing and provocative as the questions. Based on in-depth research and interviews with the key players, Tim Bale explains how and why the Tories got themselves into so much trouble - and how and why they were eventually able to rediscover their winning ways. The answer, he suggests, lies in the people, the power structures, the ideas, and the very different interests of those involved. "The Conservative Party: From Thatcher to Cameron" is a must-read for anyone wanting to understand what makes the Tories tick.
The Conservative Party : from Thatcher to Cameron
Margaret Thatcher. Vol. 2, The iron lady
The conservatives : ideas and personalities throughout American history
The conservatives since 1945 : the drivers of party change
The far right in Europe : an encyclopedia
Wars of position : the cultural politics of left and right
Documents on conservative foreign policy, 1852-1878
Competition and the corporate society : British conservatives, the state and industry 1945-1964
The political thought of the Conservative Party since 1945
Recovering power : the Conservatives in opposition since 1867
Western democracies and the new extreme right challenge
The conservative party from Peel to Thatcher
Transforming local governance : from Thatcherism to New Labour
Coalition : the inside story of the conservative-liberal democrat coalition government
Conservative parties and right-wing politics in North America : reaping the benefits of an ideological victory?
This text is about how and why parties in general, and the Conservative Party in particular, make changes to the face they present to the electorate, the way they organise themselves, and the policies they come up with. It is an in-depth but comprehensive study based on original archival sources.
Ideologies of conservatism
The hard road to renewal : Thatcherism and the crisis of the left
Margaret Thatcher. Vol. 2, The Iron Lady
Rethinking the French new right : alternatives to modernity
Angels in marble : working class conservatives in urban England
Harper's team : behind the scenes in the Conservative rise to power
The conservative governments 1951-1964
The conservatives and British society, 1880-1990
The postwar conservative view of Asia : how the political right has delayed Japan's coming to terms with its history of aggression n Asia
Conservative century : the Conservative Party since 1900
America alone : the neo-conservatives and the global order
A program for conservatives
True blues : the politics of Conservative Party membership
The age of Churchill and Eden, 1940-1957
The Blair effect 2001-5
Rebels all! : a short history of the conservative mind in postwar America
A history of conservative politics, 1900 - 1996
The conservative party : from Thatcher to Cameron
Do you ever wonder why conservative pundits drop the word "faggot" or talk about killing and then Christianizing Muslims abroad? Do you wonder why the right's spokespeople seem so confrontational, rude, and over-the-top recently? Does it seem strange that conservative books have such apocalyptic titles? Do you marvel at why conservative writers trumpeted the "rebel" qualities of George W. Bush just a few years back?There is no doubt that the style of the political right today is tough, brash, and by many accounts, not very conservative sounding. After all, isn't conservatism supposed to be about maintaining standards, upholding civility, and frowning upon rebellion? Historian Kevin Mattson explains the apparent contradictions of the party in this fresh examination of the postwar conservative mind.Examining a big cast of characters that includes William F. Buckley, Whittaker Chambers, Norman Podhoretz, Irving Kristol, Kevin Phillips, David Brooks, and others, Mattson shows how right-wing intellectuals have always, but in different ways, played to the populist and rowdy tendencies in America's political culture. He boldly compares the conservative intellectual movement to the radical utopians among the New Left of the 1960s and he explains how conservatism has ingested central features of American culture, including a distrust of sophistication and intellectualism and a love of popular culture, sensation, shock, and celebrity.Both a work of history and political criticism, "Rebels All!" shows how the conservative mind made itself appealing, and also points to its endemic problems. Mattson's conclusion outlines how a recast liberalism should respond to the conservative ascendancy that has marked our politics for the last thirty years.
How the conservatives rule Japan
The age of Balfour and Baldwin 1902-1940
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
Margaret Thatcher : the iron lady
This book focuses on the philosophy, politics and impact of the 'New Right' which originated in France and has since influenced activism, ideology and policy in a number of European countries.
The masterly official biography of Britain's former prime minister, which captures all the political drama of the 1970s, so relevant for the present day Distinguished biographer Philip Ziegler offers a timely reassessment of Edward Heath's remarkable political career. With exclusive access to personal papers unavailable to previous biographers he presents the first fully rounded portrait of our most enigmatic former prime minister. Beginning with Heath's early years - his childhood in Kent, student days in pre-war Oxford, wartime military service and short business career - Ziegler goes on to chart Heath's effortless rise through the ranks of the Conservative Party. He brilliantly captures Heath's rivalry with Harold Wilson and the supreme drama of 1974 - the year of two elections and a hung parliament - with its uncanny parallels for our own times. Politics consumed Heath's life but he found time for other pursuits, becoming an accomplished conductor and an internationally successful yachtsman. The book explores Heath's endlessly fascinating personality and casts fresh light on the financial affairs and private life of this most complex of political leaders. Heath's later years were blighted by the 'long sulk', as he failed to come to terms with losing the leadership to Margaret Thatcher. But this should not disguise his considerable achievements. He helped to transform the Conservative Party, and by securing Britain's historic entry into Europe, the high point of his career, he arguably changed the lives of the British people more fundamentally than any prime minister since Winston Churchill.
Party politics and decolonization : the Conservative Party and British colonial policy in tropical Africa, 1951-1964
Harperland : the politics of control
Retrieving the big society
The conservative intellectual movement in America, since 1945
Lord George Bentinck : a political biography
Britain under Thatcher
Political parties, growth and equality : conservative and social democratic economic strategies in the world economy
The wit and wisdom of Margaret Thatcher and other Tory legends
Dismantling the welfare state ? : Reagan, Thatcher, and the politics of retrenchment
The wrecking crew : how conservatives rule
Invisible hands : the making of the conservative movement from the New Deal to Reagan
The Tories : from Winston Churchill to David Cameron
Paying for inequality : the economic cost of social injustice
