http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6104 business environment
business environment
The objective of the study was to gather information of China's real estate market and local consumer's buying behaviour linked with residential properties in Nanjing. The purpose is to help foreign investors to develop a better understanding of Chinese consumer and its real estate market. The findings will answer the research questions: what is the investment climate of China's real estate market like? And what are the characteristics of consumer's behaviour on purchasing residential properties in Nanjing, China? The theoretical framework is based on the combination of three theories which are PESTE, Five Forces Industry Analysis and Consumer's Buying Behaviour. PESTE analysis gives a general picture of investment climate related to real estate in China. Five forces industry analysis presents close and detailed information of the China's real estate industry. And Consumer's buying behaviour model focuses on the buying decision-making process of consumers, especially the criteria and factors that influence it. The research methodology used was mainly quantitative, primary data was collected by qualitative interviews and a questionnaire. 80 questionnaires were collected and analysed. Secondary data was mainly collected from books, internet web pages and research reports.     The findings show that China's investment climate is positive and China's real estate market has a great potential for development. Price, type, structure, design, location of housing are the main influences on potential buyer's decision making process. Foreign investors need to have suitable marketing strategy based on good knowledge of the current industry situation and major factors which can give great influences on consumer's buying behaviour, in order to cater to targeted buyer's needs and desires for residential properties.  The study suggests foreign investors to 'touch the stone while crossing rive'. It is important for foreign investors to know the trend of the market and understand Chinese consumers' needs and desires for their future residential properties. Investors need to bear in mind to build up and keep a good relationship with suppliers and Chinese authorities within the real estate industry. In addition, in order to enhance investors' competitiveness in terms of penetrating China's real estate market, to establish a good reputation and to have a continuously close monitoring action on the major player's performance are key issues.
Business opportunities in Northeast China. Part 1, Liaoning province
Abstract.
Assessing a prospective landfill  gas to energy project in Agadir, Morocco
Changing the planning for agile and lean software development : from roadmapping to continuous planning
Environmental goods and services sector
Renewable energy market-entry in developing economies : (case: Nigeria)
A business environment analysis : case Company X
The dynamics of corporate co-evolution : a case study of port development in China
Market Analysis of Solar Water Heating in Hospitality Industry, Thailand
Entering India : case: Business Game Factory Ltd
Business in emerging Latin America
Short guide for a financial manager
A marketing analysis of household appliances market in Finland : a case study for the Haier Group
Gambia is a diverse and exciting new market. The establishment of a company on a new market requires plenty of planning and background information. The commissioning company plans to start a hotel business in Gambia and the primary purpose of this thesis is to serve as a guide in that process. The research has been carried out as a case study. The empirical part is based on well-known and reliable primary and secondary printed sources. Electronic sources have been used to supplement the information. To deepen the understanding of the theory and to aid in the practice has practical information been gathered from various sources by questionnaires and theme interviews. The structure of the thesis is built as a zipper model, where theory and practice are combined in a discussion. The first part of the thesis focuses on the starting point analyses and offers more insight of Gambia as a market and operating environment. The purpose is to evaluate what the Gambian environment is like and to deepen the understanding of Gambia as a potential location for a travelling company. The secondary purpose is to offer tools for other Finnish companies that want to enter the Gambian market. The thesis has been narrowed down to focus on the tourism industry, but the theoretic part and practical advice can be used in any field of business. The end of the thesis focuses on the risks involving the business operations in Gambia and on the critical success factors in the hotel business. The schedule has been changed during the process due to difficulties reaching all interviewees. All parties interviewed have been professionals within the tourism and business branches. The interviews have been carried out as questionnaires vie E-mail or theme interviews by telephone or Skype. The interviewees have been two representatives of the commissioning company, a representative of a tour operator, the Finnish-Gambian ambassador and a Gambian director. The theoretic and practical data has been analyzed from different views. According to the gathered data is Gambia a potential location for a hotel business. All though the country is poor and is a dictatorship, is it believable that the government wants to develop the country further partly by democratic means. As the tourism industry is very important, the government tries to enhance its development with different inducements. Start-up companies are offered tax exemptions for a certain period and building land is given by the government. The ownership of foreigners are protected with legislation, which promises that the property will not be expropriated by the government. The bureaucracy is complicated and the corruption sets challenges especially for foreigners. The governmental tourism development agency provides advice and help in the process. At the same time the official wants to guarantee that the foreign investors are treated equally to the Gambians.
Investor relations handbook
Managerial Aspects of Business Intelligence Implementation
Business plan for establishing an auto car-washing service in Hanoi, Vietnam
The key activities of partnership development in China : a study of Sino-Finnish partnerships
Finding new territories to expand a business is a common goal for many. Many markets are flooded with such a variety of products it is sometimes hard for an entering business to be noticed. Entering a virgin market that is not yet saturated with the mass companies is an ideal situation for a business. They would be new, fresh and desired. There are many countries that are considered to be up and coming economies. The factors in making these countries virtually untouched are many, some including poverty, crime, corruption and even terrorism. The objective of this thesis is to show Nigeria as a lucrative target market and to create a guide for entry. There are barriers to entry and fears of terrorism that keep many businesses away. In this work, it will unveil some of the people in Nigeria, lessening the mystery to this culture. The Nigerian culture is very business orientated and worldwide, business is business, and this is a common bond that foreign businesses have with their Nigerian counterparts. This thesis is written jointly with a Nigerian author and an American author, giving the knowledge of a native Nigerian as well as the questions of an outsider. The commissioners for this thesis are also used as the case companies. The first commissioner/case company is Vallila Interior, a Finnish interior design company and the focus will be on their brightly colored textiles. The second commissioner/case company will be Altretes Enterprises, a Nigerian interior design company wishing to import foreign textiles to meet their clientele’s demand. This thesis will be a guide on connecting the two companies and easing some fears the Finnish company might have about entering the Nigerian market.
"This book focuses on the challenges and opportunities facing companies in emerging and developing countries. China and India have become the primary business destination for many global companies that are looking for market opportunities and low costs of production, whilst Morocco, Dubai, Brazil, Malaysia and Russia are also being targeted. This new edited volume helps develop a better understanding of the realities of doing business in emerging and developing countries, in particular exploring the dynamics between corporations--both indigenous and multinational--and local pressures in developing, transitional and emerging economies.The book points out the benefits and pitfalls of doing business in emerging and developing countries, as well as the adjustments that are necessary for success. It also discusses entrepreneurship in emerging and developing countries, exploring its new realities from women's entrepreneurship in Muslim countries to social entrepreneurship in developing countries. The volume also points out the new challenges for SMEs of emerging and developing countries in a global competitive environment. Finally, it analyses corporate governance from a local partner perspective and an institutional perspective.Building Businesses in Emerging and Developing Countries will be of interest to business managers, students and researchers involved in international entrepreneurship and corporate governance"--
Risk analysis and security countermeasure selection
The audiovisual supply of Itä-Uusimaa Area to international companies
Coping with continuous change in the business environment : knowledge management and knowledge management technology
Formulating a feasible business idea in Finland : case: Silta Consultancy Oy
Every company must analyze their environment in order to stay on top of things in our changing world. It is essential to be aware of the environment and changes that occur in it. Anticipating changes and reacting quickly to them can also be an advantage in the market. The business environment affects what kind of marketing strategy best suits the company, and what they should take this into consideration in their operations. This thesis is a commission for a business-to-business consultancy company; it is an analysis of their business environment. The political, economic, socio-cultural and technological factors that affect their business environment are analyzed using a PEST analysis. Their strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats are also analyzed, through a SWOT analysis. A SWOT analysis is very topical at this time, with the downturn of the economy, as many companies have to reassess themselves and the external risks and opportunities that can help them overcome the current downturn. In this thesis, the investigation of the business environment is limited to PEST and SWOT analyses; the area of study is Finland. The objective of the thesis is to support Company X's marketing by giving them proposals and suggestions. It should also give them an outsider's view of the company, which should make them think about things that otherwise might not be self-evident. The analysis has been carried out by concurrently following news, publications and events, literacy, theory, investigating the different areas of the analyses and interviewing Company X personnel.  One of the most important speculations in the thesis is that Company X should develop their scenario thinking and communication, and carry out a SWOT analysis on a regular basis. When all the possibilities are known, they can better survive future challenges.
Development of cooperation in Latin America : Collaboration in education, research and business - opening up new opportunities
Foreigners Establishing Businesses in Finland
Latvia business intelligence report
A marketing plan for business expansion : applied on Normet Corporation in China
Poland's enterprise environment : a Polish view
Defining business opportunities for Finnish dental equipment in Guangdong province
The effect of environmental uncertainty, management control systems and strategy on performance
Pre-business plan for bag shop
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
The business guide to China
The China business model : originality and limits
Namibia Country Analysis
Business environment : managing in a strategic context
Starting a tourism company in Gambia : case company Jäälin Palvelupiste KY
The organizing and market development of a subcontracting project to Vietnam : a developing export market for Finland
Market of pneumatic equipment in Russia, Estonia and Latvia : market analyses, potential customers and their supplier selection criteria
The China Business Model: Originality and Limits emphasizes transformation of the Chinese Business Model over the last decades. The impact of the financial crisis on China helps the reader understand its evolution towards capitalism. Topics covered include CSR, leadership, and management in China, how do these organizations impact the performance of companies, the financing policy of Chinese firms and its evolution till the slowdown, finance and business in China, and how could the banking sector and/or the financial markets help the development of Chinese companies?
Evaluation of opportunities in e-waste processing facility investment in Pune, India
Development of cooperation in Latin America : collaboration in education, research and business - opening up new opportunities
Market entry to US : IT company ZEF Ltd
The aim of this thesis is to provide the commissioner ZEF Ltd. with important points of considera-tion when entering the US market. The subject was agreed with the commissioner to support their business expansion abroad, and the desired results of this thesis will point out certain matters that may have gone unnoticed if it was not for this thesis. The purpose is to help ZEF have a suc-cessful market entry to the US. Mainly online sources were used for the theoretical background in order to ensure up-to-date information and practical approach. To support the knowledge provided by theory, a semi-structured interview covering all the four themes was conducted with Juho Risku, the co-founder and partner at Butterfly Ventures, due to his experience in operating a business in the US. The interview was used together with the theory to form a coherent knowledge base. The results show that ZEF needs to take into account each of the four themes introduced in this thesis. They should consider all the practicalities of establishing an office in a foreign country from entry strategies to market differences. After entering the country, the company needs to consider different ways of networking in order to establish relationships with business partners and cus-tomers. Also, ZEF needs to consider their marketing and sales operations, especially whether to use both inbound and outbound marketing, and whether their product is ready for the market or not. The final consideration is the arrangement of customer support, as customer support locating only in Finland is not going to be sufficient, and ZEF will face the need to recruit more employees in the US. This thesis was conducted when ZEF was not yet operating in the US. Therefore, as the situation and the companys plans may change during their US operations, further research could be done on each of the four themes or the situation as a whole. For example, continuously changing mar-keting methods can bring new research ideas, and the arrangement of customer support will face challenges as the US customer base grows bigger.
A tale of two clusters : sharing resources to compete
Adaptation to local business environment in Russia : a case study of the business models of five Nordic companies
The Baltic states as investment and business environment for German companies
Business analytics for managers : taking business intelligence beyond reporting
Entry and operation in Finland : case:  Specsavers
A multi-stakeholder perspective on sustainable marketing : studying business-society relations through action research
Selling results solutions : creating sales opportunities in mature industrial markets
Managing the global workforce
The Business Plan : Organic Farm in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Sales training basics
Redefining business in the New Africa : shifting strategies to be successful
Building businesses in emerging and developing countries : challenges and opportunities
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
Terve Poland! : scandinavian business in Poland : the Finnish way
Evaluation of the Finnish national innovation system : full report
The operational environments of the Finnish and Swiss mobile operators
EBRF 2011 : global business creation games : December 14-15, Espoo, Finland : program and abstracts
Operation mode choice and efficiency in the context of perceived uncertainty : case of Finnish firms in Asia
Internationalisation of Russian firms to Finland : case study of Russian SMEs
Asian advantage : key strategies for winning in the Asia-Pacific region
Human resource consulting market in Moscow : case: Talentor Group
A bite-sized guide for Finnish SME companies operating in China
ENTERING THE CHINESE MARKET-CASE STUDY:KONECRANES PLC (CHINA)
Foreign direct investment from Finland to Russia : Hydroline case research
Cyber-physical systems as a platform for value co-creation : case: intelligent equipment in mining and construction industry
A guide for Finnish textile companies entering Nigeria
Business opportunity of municipal sewage sludge treatment in China
Finland Business Law Handbook
Creating competitive strategy : case company: Luottotalo Fenno Oy
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education: the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
Entrepreneurial orientation of Born Global firms in turbulent environment
Global marketing and export management
Media environment and marketing services in St Petersburg
Culture shock! a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Ecuador
Kazakhstan's elevator and escalator market research for KONE
The business guide to Singapore
Comparing the survival of Nigerian solar energy and Finnish manufacturing companies in turbulent business environments
International business : Adjusting to new challenges and opportunities
The Clients’ Perceptions of the UK as a Business Location and the Services of UK Trade and Investment
Antecedents and performance outcomes of entrepreneurial orientation : a comparative cross-country study
The principles of Islamic banking
Analyzing the macro and competitive environment of interior design shops in Helsinki
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Major change and its consequences : pharmaceutical companies' reactions to patent expirations
Understanding entrepreneurship in Argentina
The Chinese business puzzle
This book will be essential reading for senior executives needing to familiarize themselves with the international commercial environment. It will also be an excellent resource for executive and international MBAs, as well as upper level international business students.
Building an innovative organization culture : case insurance company X
China's real estate industry and its consumers' buying behavour
International marketing and export management
Renewable energy for base station and local economy : business potential for telecommunications equipment and service vendor in developing countries
A framework for international business
Renewable Energy Market Analysis in Nigeria
The competitiveness of Finland's large urban regions
Evaluating modes of entering Russian market in IT business for the case company
Essentials of strategic management
Successful business intelligence : unlock the value of BI & big data
(R)Evolution : organizations and the dynamics of the environment
Fundamentals of business process management
The thesis is based on a research that was conducted in order to find out the current and future audiovisual supply of the Itä-Uusimaa area. The commissioner of the thesis was Produs Oy. This company is planning to start an audiovisual micro-cluster offering different types of package services in the above-mentioned area.   The thesis' objectives were to establish the scope of the current and future audiovisual supply, to research what companies operating in the audiovisual and travel field can offer to international companies; and to assess, based on the research findings whether or not the supply is sufficient to start a micro-cluster in the area. Another important matter was to consider how the audiovisual field can be linked to the travel industry operating in the same area.   The thesis used a research-based approach. The research was carried out mainly through a quantitative method but with qualitative additions. The method relied on a questionnaire which had open-ended questions. The questionnaire included one quantitative part. The qualitative approach in the questionnaire was chosen in order to get more in-depth material about the matter. Another reason was the location of the researched area. The research material was gathered from companies operating mostly in the audiovisual field.   The research tried to define the current audiovisual supply of this specific area. Another objective was to define how the supply is likely to develop in the future. Now that the research has been conducted, it will be easier for companies, along with Produs Oy, to consider the benefits of launching an audiovisual micro-cluster in the Itä-Uusimaa area.
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education : the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
Market analysis and business opportunity evaluation of entering Chinese medical waste treatment industry
"Business in Emerging Latin America provides students with a comprehensive overview of the business environment of this emerging, dynamic region. Driven by expanding domestic markets and exports of natural resource commoditites, Latin America has recently come into focus as an economic force in the international arena. The book begins at the macro level, focusing on the region's geo-political, technological, social, competitive, and economic environments. It then moves to the micro level, illustrating that Latin America is a mosaic of countries with distinct cultures and political economies. This book aims to:Provide a comprehensive overview of the business environment in this regionIdentify major drivers of emerging market expansionAnalyze the strategies of companies both within and outside of the region The book includes examples and cases from across the region, as well as chapters on entrepreneurship, leadership, HRM, sustainability, income inequality, social responsibility and transparency. Capturing the dynamism of this region, the book will appeal to students of international business who have a special interest in Latin America"--
Investment environment of Yangtze River Delta economic zone
Information systems role in strategic agility : a supply chain context
Investing in St. Petersburg : a guide to business & investment
Expanded to cover the latest in business intelligence-big data, cloud, mobile, visual data discovery, and in-memory-this fully updated bestseller by BI guru Cindi Howson provides the most modern techniques to exploit BI for the highest ROI.
Emerging business opportunities in Africa : market entry, competitive strategy, and the promotion of foreign direct investments
Business and competitive analysis : effective application of new and classic methods
A Business Plan of Teahouse in Helsinki, Finland
Doing business in Europe
"This book presents the basic business modeling for developing appropriate strategies in exploiting business opportunities in the emerging economy in Africa"--
Cost accounting methods for construction projects in North-West Russia : case study Pöyry CM Oy
"Many companies are unsure exactly what business analytics is and how it can be used to improve their performance.  Much of the material currently in the marketplace is technical in nature.  This book's focus is not on the technical aspects of business analytics but takes a business holistic approach. It provides an explanation of what business analytics is and how it should be important to people in sales, marketing, management, finance, HR, production as well as analysis and controlling. This book provides a business analytics model that focuses on the interaction of IT technology, strategy, business processes, and a broad spectrum of human competencies, organizational circumstances, and cooperation across the organization.    This book will be comprised of nine chapters: (1) The Business Analytics Model; (2) Business Analytics at the Strategic Model; (3) Development and Deployment of Information at a Functional Level; (4) Business Analytics at an Analytical Level; (5) Business Analytics at the Data Warehouse Level; (6) The Company's Collection of Source Data; (7) The Structuring of a Business Intelligence Competency Center; (8) Assessment and Prioritization of Business Analytics Projects; and (9) Business Analytics in the Future."--
Improving trade procedures between the EU and Russia
Successful Born Global internationalization : dynamic capabilities development
A guide to the global business environment : the economics of international commerce
Understanding Chinese company law
Media management : leveraging content for profitable growth
Sustainability strategies for business : an integrated approach with a life cycle perspective
Doing business in China
Logistics outsourcing: solution for small and medium enterprises in Vietnam
Estonia business intelligence report
IBM Cognos Business Intelligence 10 : the official guide
Survival competencies in SMEs in changing business environments
Handbook of business practices and growth in emerging markets
Estonian lubricant market : macro and competitive environment analysis for Neste Oil
Seven steps to mastering business analysis
Software ecosystems : analyzing and managing business networks in the software industry
Entry plan for a solar product manufacturing company : case  : Suntrica Limited and Ghana
Small business enterprise : an economic analysis
Accelerated internationalisation as a network-based international opportunity development process
Starting a Tourism Company in Gambia : Case Company Jäälin Palvelupiste Ky
Lithuania business intelligence report
Business environment trends in Europe 2007 : Iceland, Norway, Sweden, Germany and Russia
Innovation Potential of the Murmansk Region
Development and implementation of a market analysis model for Sievo Oy
Business opportunities in Northeast China. [Part 2], Jilin and Heilongjiang
Fundamentals of contemporary financial management
Market research of window units and doors industry in Russia
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : case Galaxo Ltd
Business passport to Japan
Expanding business in Spain : Case: Mystery shopping service provider Company X
Culture smart! : Scotland
Guanxi : the Chinese third arm
Practical Business Establishment in Finland : Case: Vietasia private trader
Choosing a market entry mode for natural personal care distributor entering the Swedish market : case Natcos Oy
Entering the dredger market in Japan : case company: Tamex Oy
Product management perspectives on stakeholder and business opportunity analyses in the front-end of product creation
Market entry strategies for Russia : a comprehensive survey based on expert interviews
Providing renewable energy solutions in Ghana : Overview of the business  environment in Ghana regarding some selected renewable energy sources
Lessons in communication : a study of the integration of western business philosophy and Chinese culture
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : Case Galaxo Ltd.
Introduction to private and public intelligence : the Swedish school of competitive intelligence
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
Business intelligence : a managerial perspective on analytics
Cleaning the EU out of emissions - or firms? : implementions of EU Emissions Trading Scheme for the competitiveness of involved Finnish firms
Business-driven information system development
The big pad of 50 blank, extra-large business model canvases and 50 blank, extra-large value proposition canvases : a supplement to Business model generation and value proposition design
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
The business environment in Hong Kong : with a post-handover postscript on the Hong Kong SAR
Business guide to Ethiopia for businesses from Finland  & other developed countries
Lithuania profile
International business : environments and operations
Wood harvesting and logistics in Russia : focus on research and business opportunities : final report of the research project
Impact of cultural differences on Finnish-German business negotations
Evaluation of opportunities in large scale e-waste processing facility investement in China
International business : the new realities
Political environment and business development in the arctic : strategic opportunities and threats for Finnish companies
The purpose of this study was to increase the understanding of the dental equipment market in China and define potential business opportunities in the Guangdong province especially for Finnish investors. The research question was: how to define the potential business opportunity for investors of Finnish dental equipment in the Guangdong province. The objective of this study was to research who the potential customers for Finnish dental equipment are and what the potential customers' requirements and preferences are in Guangdong province. The underlying aim of the study was to provide useful information on the dental equipment market in the Guangdong province to Finnish investors, so that they could consider which segment should be targeted and whether or not to enter the specific market in the future. The conceptual framework for this study was based on the theories of the market environment, market segmentation and marketing mix by authors such as Kotler, Daniels and Jobber. Initially, the study was focused on exploring the current Chinese dental market by investigating the market environment and competition within the industry. Afterwards, business opportunities in the Guangdong province were defined by market segmentation and the marketing mix; moreover customers' requirements and preferences were studied. The deductive approach was used to carry out primary research. Quantitative research was conducted in this study to analyze the question of how to define business opportunity in Guangdong province by using a questionnaire. In addition, secondary research was used to observe the development of the current Chinese dental market. The secondary research revealed that oral diseases are still high in China, and with the improvement of people's living standard, the demand for oral treatment and service is becoming higher and higher. However, the competition in the Chinese dental market has become tougher in the past few years, since many foreign dental companies have entered the market. As a result, the findings of the primary research revealed that although the interest in the Finnish dental equipment is not exactly high in the Guangdong province, there are certain hospitals that showed an interest in any foreign dental equipment. In order to help Finnish investors to understand the dental market in the Guangdong province in detail, the segmentation of hospitals was presented at the end of the thesis. This provides suggestions on potential customers to target in the future.
Business opportunities an competitive business environment : case study: Tanzania
Environmental management in China  : Case – ISO 14001 implementation for The Switch
Green Solutions for Logistics Customers : Case Study: DHL
Startup Africa
Corporate governance in Thailand
Examinig Russia's business enviroment for a publishing company
Towards bioeconomy : a three-phase Delphi study on forest biorefinery diffusion in Scandinavia and North America
In the age of globalization and internationalization it becomes more and more important for companies to enter new markets. Therefore, Finnish company Galaxo Ltd. located in Oulu, Finland intends to enter the German market and distribute its energy management system there. The purpose of this thesis was to prepare a marketing plan in order to provide useful information about the German market for the case company. Furthermore, there was a need for recommendations as the Finnish firm was not familiar with foreign markets, yet. The idea of this thesis topic was developed by the author with the support of Galaxo Ltd. Moreover, the first part of the marketing plan consists of analyses such as competitors’ analysis, stakeholder analysis, PESTEL analysis and SWOT analysis. These chapters are followed by marketing strategy which includes segmentation, targeting, positioning, mission statement and competitive strategy. Moreover, the company ́s objectives were outlined and the marketing mix, consisting of the 4 Ps: product, place, price, place and promotion, was suggested. The background knowledge for this thesis was provided by lectures of courses at Oulu University of Applied Sciences such as marketing, intercultural skills and international business strategy. Moreover, this basis was extended by books, articles and websites that offer in depth information regarding marketing issues as well as topics related to Germany. In addition, meetings with Hannes Huotari, CEO at Galaxo Ltd., and Anu Toljamo, sales manager at Galaxo Ltd., were organized. In addition, there was also e-mail contact with these representatives. Consequently, the case company was provided with the results of the marketing plan during the whole thesis process. The next step for Galaxo Ltd. is to apply the given information and recommendations and enter the German market. Therefore, the target group needs to become aware of the case company and their product Infochannel, which could be reached by implementing presentations and questionnaires for the potential customers, universities in the southern part of Germany.
Out of the red : investment and capitalism in Russia
The quality of published accounting information in Russia
Nigeria`s WEEE market : business opportunity for Finnish SMEs
