http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6118 supervision
supervision
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
Essays on internal control and external auditing in the context of financial reporting quality
Control for hotels and restaurants
Psycho-pass : Inspector Shinya Kogami. Volume 1
Good practice in supervision : statutory and voluntary organisations
The structure and effectiveness of internal control : a contingency approach
The central bank and the financial system
Technocratic policy making and parliamentary accountability in Argentina, 1983-2002
Fiber Optics: Safety Measures on Oil & Gas Pipeline Monitoring in Lagos State Region
Assessments are to change the world : prerequisites for effective environmental health assessment
Report of the FAO/FFA Regional Workshop to Promote the Full and Effective Implementation of Port State Measures to Combat Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, Nadi, Fiji, 28 August-1 September 2006.
Acute mountain sickness : prediction and treatment during climbing expeditions
Crowds in the 21st century : perspectives from contemporary social science
The just-in-time breakthrough : implementing the new manufacturing basics
The city and the city
Intelligent Wireless Local Area Network Monitoring in Industrial Environment
Corporate governance, auditor choice and auditor switch : evidence from China
Advanced environmental monitoring
Some aspects of control in international business
Policing. Vol. 2, Controlling the controllers : police discretion and accountability
Health monitoring of aerospace structures : smart sensor technologies and signal processing
ubiPILL Mobile Client for Helping Nurses to Remotely Monitor Patient’s Medicine Taking and Set Alarm Times
Monitoring and management of recreation in protected areas : the contributions and limitations of science
Nordic research on animal health and welfare today and tomorrow : report from NKJ's Working group on animal health, welfare and ethics
The law and finance of corporate insider trading : theory and evidence
Summary: Low salmonella infection rate is based on high risk control level in feed factories.
Reporting of state-owned enterprises for parliamentary supervision
Low cost ambient air quality monitoring : developing a simple dust collecting system in Rustenburg Africa
The watchman in pieces : surveillance, literature, and liberal personhood
The international handbook on private enforcement of competition law
Building a strategy document based on international project :  “Innovation in regional policy” study case
Bibliographic control
Anti-tumoral immune response and bisphosphonates
Integrating Kanban with MRPII : automating a pull system for enhanced JIT inventory management
SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition) systems are at the heart of the modern industrial enterprise ranging from mining plants, water and electrical utility installations to oil and gas plants.
Integrated pollution control
Managing quality : a practical guide to customer satisfaction
Developing Automatic System Monitoring Solution for Accanto Systems Customer Care
The visible employee : using workplace monitoring and surveillance to protect information assets without compromising employee privacy or trust
The Comission shapes the Internet : a study of the European Comission's proposals for directives and their impact on Internet rights and Internet governance in the European Union
Suitability of RFID based access control system in factory environment
Traces of terror : counter-terrorism law, policing, and race
Working party on the construction of vehicles : its role in the international perspective
Monitoring the in situ archaeological deposits at Schultzgt. 3-7, Trondheim, Norway (1996-2001)
Development of Intelligent mobile platform for Decartus system : Mobile video surveillance system
Prognostics for industrial machinery availability : final seminar Espoo 12.12.2006
Planning and control for food and beverage operations
Regulatory control of nuclear safety in Finland : annual report 2003
Development of microbial analysis : faster detection and business opportunities
Suitability of RFID Based Access Control System in Factory Environment
Sparse sampling methods for power quality monitoring
Big pocket guide to using social marketing for behaviour change
States, markets and regimes in global finance
Working as a registered nurse in Finland
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
The Design of Temperature and Humidity Remote Monitoring
TO IMPROVE QUALITY MANAGEMENT PROCESS : Case: Aiya Restaurant Chain
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future : history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
Internal control of safety and system audit in Finland
Drug Inventory Control : Case: Thai International Hospital Mahasarakham
Project management metrics, KPIs, and dashboards : a guide to measuring and monitoring project performance
Monitoring the critically ill patient
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
Ludic surveillance : examining mundane surveillance practices at the interface of control and play
Digital processing of environmental noise samples
Us & them : the dangerous politics of immigration control / Bridget Anderson
Accurate results in the clinical laboratory : a guide to error detection and correction
Practical Modern SCADA Protocols : DNP3, 60870.5 and Related Systems
Specification of a VVER-1000 SFAT device prototype : interim report on Task FIN A 1073 of the Finnish support programme to IAEA safeguards
Measuring service quality with mystery shopping : case H&M Kämp Galleria
Practise what you preach : the prospects for visa freedom in Russia-EU relations
International banking regulation : law, policy and practice
Comparison of Public Construction Projects Between Brazil and Finland
HACCP : principles and practice : teacher's handbook
Effective management control : theory and practice
Finnish navy sails towards new challenges
The core of the sun
Workshop III : Drug advertisement and the general public
Installation and Simulation of a Simple Parking Lot Management System
Controlling the smoking epidemic : report of the WHO Expert Committee on Smoking Control
Interest representation and state-society relations in East Central Europe
Russia's approach to arms control, peace mediation and national dialogues
Inventory control abstracts : 1953-1965
In-use vehicle emissions control in Finland: introduction and practical experience
What is corporate governance?
Quality of horticultural products
Principles of bibliographical description
In a future where peace and safety are maintained through the constant monitoring of each person's emotional state, Psycho-pass : Inspector Shinya Kogami reveals the detective past of the man destined to become the legendary enforcer Shinya Kogami. An artificial organ with a numbered brand has become the key piece of evidence that leads Kogami and his team to a network of organ smugglers. But the complicated trap they construct for the culprit has a flaw that may prove fatal!
Analysis of regulatory guidance for health monitoring
Specification of a Remote Monitoring Protocol
Making school inspection visits more effective : the English experience
Offender supervision in Europe
Ethical aspects of workplace surveillance
Cpm1 Programmable controllers : operation manual
Road Traffic Monitoring Using Noise Sensor Networks;Vehicle Speed Detection
Jordbruksverkets foderkontroll 2000 = Feed control by the Swedish Board of Agriculture 2000
Risk Assessment Procedures In Audit Planning : The case of Mazars Vietnam Co., Ltd
Just in time material flow with ABB Oy Drives and Controls
This thesis is a case study of a Finnish technology firm Teleste Corporation. There the pursue of efficiency and good customer service are important. A demand forecast offers the possibility to make the operations more profitable but still offer the customers' higher value. It provides the inventory management the needed information about the buffer stocks that should be kept overcoming the fluctuations in demand. Additionally, it ensures that no unnecessary stock is carried. The thesis has concentrated on discovering the matters that affect the efficiency of the demand forecast process and the inventory management. A seven step forecast model is investigated in order to solve the critical aspects related to it. It states the issues that increase the complexity of forecasting. Furthermore, it argues about the fact that to be successful in the process, the company needs to create written rules for forecasting. Additionally, constant support during the forecast creation is another element desperately needed. These two matters should be provided for the sales people who are responsible to the creation of a forecast. Add to this, as the clientele is wanted to give some input to the forecasting, it would be advisable to increase their awareness about the process and its advantages. Finally, the demand forecast process lacks of a good awarding system. There is no guarantee that if a sensible demand forecast is created, the creator will receive his or her goods on time. Therefore, to increase the motivation amongst the creators, it would be reasonable to pay attention to the inventory management. In the future, to be able to increase the efficiency of the demand forecast process, the company has to be able to enhance the product availability. Furthermore, it should consider other awards for the most successful forecasters, like discounts for clients and bonuses for salespeople, which would increase the eagerness to forecast.
The ECAR Model
On dynamic monitoring methods for networks-on-chip
Corporate governance and directors' liabilities : legal, ecnomic and sociological analyses on corporate social responsibility
Internet Connectivity Providers as Involuntary Copyright Enforcers : Blocking Websites in Particular
Monitoring the effectiveness of nature conservation : international conference ... Birmensdorf, Switzerland, September 3-6, 2007 : abstracts
Fissile material stocks : characteristics, measures and policy options
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Monitoring and assessment of ecological status of aquatic environments : implementing the water framework directive : Helsinki 28.9-1.10.2000 : abstracts and participants
Quality Management System according to AS9100-C
Manufacturing planning and control : a reference model
The object of this Master’s thesis was to describe the basic functionalities provided by identity and access management system (IAM) and their suitability for a health care environment. Specifying and defining the IAM project began in the Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District in 2007. The preliminary work for enabling identity and access management automation has been done ever since. Most of the requirement specification work was done during the autumn 2013 for the IAM SSO project in the Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District. The work consisted of studying various aspects of identity and access management and also analyzing the current state and describing the target state. The studying process consisted of understanding and describing authoritative requirements of IAM in health care, discovering the special features of IAM in Finnish health care and defining the basic IAM use cases in health care. The result of the study was that identity and access management processes should be guided with strict working period or service period information. They are the master data for both internal and external users. They can be used to define user rights, access rights and their active and inactive periods. The quality of the master data affects the whole IAM process. Attaching smart cards to AD enables network and domain login but also managing complicated multi-role identities. IAM is a never-ending process. After critical and key systems have been integrated to an IAM system, there will always be yet another integration to be built. New information systems will be deployed and they need to be integrated to the IAM system. The legislation changes all the time, and the organization structures will also change from time to time. All these affect IAM processes and the functionalities of the IAM system. A properly maintained IAM system will help dealing with the changes.
Identity theft for dummies
Regulatory control of nuclear safety in Finland : annual report 2007
Food service operations : planning and control
Decisons on technology : techniques and policies
Regulatory control of nuclear safety in Finland : annual report 2002
A modern approach to operations management
Suomen lääketilasto. 2007 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Effect of short-term guided aerobic exercise and diet intervention on overweight women
Fisheries enforcement : related legal and institutional issuess: national, subregional or regional perspectives
A Guide For Requirement Specification Of Identity And Access Management In Health Care
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Use of Vessel Monitoring Systems and Satellites for Fisheries Monitoring, Control and Surveillance, Rome, 24-26 October 2006.
IMPLEMENTATION OF WIRELESS HART TECHNOLOGY FOR LIQUID LEVEL CONTROL AND MONITORING
Sensors for peace : applications, systems and legal requirements for monitoring in peace operations
Protecting the community's financial interests : the fight against fraud : annual report 1997
Expanding the gaze : gender and the politics of surveillance
Control in business organizations
Enhancing food safety : the role of the Food and Drug Administration
Guidelines on the application of EN 45012 EAC/G3 = (Suositus standardin (SFS-) EN 45012 akkreditointivaatimusten täyttämisestä)
Summary: National Agency for Medicines well poised for the next millenium: editorial.
Design for Six Sigma : a practical approach through innovation
Determining Production Lot Sizes and Reorder Points in the Manufacturing of Moulded Fibre
Hotel housekeeping : operations and management
Matched
Intrusion detection applications using knowledge discovery and data mining
Summary: Quality controll of medical devices: editorial.
Study guide to accompany : introduction to the hospitality industry
Report of the Sub-Regional Fisheries Commission Workshop on Vessel Monitoring Systems : Saly, Senegal, 14-17 October 2002.
Mittauspaikkakalenteri = Directory of measurement services in Finland. 1988
Assessment 2007 : oil and gas activities in the Arctic - effects and potential effects. Volume I
Finnish customs investigation report
Regulation and Censorship of the Internet
Quality characterization of tissue and newsprint paper based on image measurements : possibilities of on-line imaging
Bakery food manufacture and quality : water control and effects
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Automotive engines : control, estimation, statistical detection
When generations collide : who they are, why they clash, how to solve the generational puzzle at work
The nuclear years : the arms race and arms control, 1945-70
Disability, rights monitoring, and social change : building power out of evidence
"Building Power out of Evidence is a collection of original papers written by international scholars, activists, and institution representatives who are leaders in their field; the collection offers a unique and detailed look at disability rights monitoring issues, law and policy reforms, best practices, holistic methods, and current discussions emerging from the field of disability rights monitoring. This text explores new research and policies from both a local and international perspective and furthers the discipline by discussing legislation, law, social policy and everyday experiences, with the need for the participation of people with disabilities in the process."--
50 ways to protect your identity in a digital age : new financial threats you need to know and how to avoid them
Legal framework and present state of external control and supervision of local self-government units in Estonia
This report presents the conclusions reached and recommendations made by the members of the WHO Study Group on Tobacco Product Regulation (TobReg) at its seventh meeting, in December 2013, during which it reviewed background papers specially commissioned for the meeting, which dealt, respectively, with the following four themes: 1. Novel tobacco products, including potential reduced exposure products; 2. Smokeless tobacco products: research needs and regulatory recommendations; 3. Reduced ignition propensity cigarettes: research needs and regulatory recommendations; 4. Non-exhaustive priority list of toxic contents and emissions of tobacco products. The Study Group's recommendations in relation to each theme are set out at the end of the section dealing with that theme; its overall recommendations are summarized in Chapter 6.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The management control function
Comparison of Public Construction Projects between Brazil and Finland
Food quality control : foods of animal origin
A guide for requirement specification of identity and access management in health care
The glimpse
Monitoring for conservation and ecology
Quality progress
Who's spying on you? : the looming threat to your privacy, identity, and family in the digital age
Regulation and public law
The analysis of competing hypotheses (ACH) in the assessment of chemical warfare activities
Peer monitoring by wage norm
How can the EU's voters have their say?
Internal control, risk management and internal audit in Finnish public companies
ubiPILL mobile client for helping nurses to remotely monitor patient's medicine taking and set alarm times
WHO Study Group on Tobacco Product Regulation : report on the scientific basis of tobacco product regulations : fifth report of a WHO study group
Follow 1.1 : a program for visualization of thermal-hydraulic computer simulations : user's manual
Safety and environmental handbook  2004
Clinical guidelines for chronic conditions in the European Union
Product quality development in global operations
"From sexualized selfies and hidden camera documentaries to the bouncers monitoring patrons at Australian nightclubs, the ubiquity of contemporary surveillance goes far beyond the National Security Agency's bulk data collection or the proliferation of security cameras on every corner. Expanding the Gaze is a collection of important new empirical and theoretical works that demonstrate the significance of the gendered dynamics of surveillance. Bringing together contributors from criminology, sociology, communication studies, and women's studies, the eleven essays in the volume suggest that we cannot properly understand the implications of the rapid expansion of surveillance practices today without paying close attention to its gendered nature. Together, they constitute a timely interdisciplinary contribution to the development of feminist surveillance studies."
Accessorizing construction equipment
Regulatory control of nuclear safety in Finland : annual report 2005
Abstract.
Wolfhound century
Patient advocacy in nursing practice : a systematic literature review
Forty years of European regulation of pharmaceuticals
Teleamp UI is thesis made for the parent project Teleamp which is designed by the company Telesilmukka Oy. It is the web based central monitoring and controlling system. Teleamp UI was executed by using different web development tools and languages. Laravel 5.2 was the PHP framework used, OpenLayers mapping library was used to create the interactive map. Chart.js was implemented to create the charting functionality.
This third book in the series focuses in particular on Article 33 of the CRPD. National implementation and monitoring is analysed and good examples are presented from the different stakeholders involved in the process; from the view of the decision makers, to the independent monitoring organisations and civil society organisations (Disabled People’s Organisations, DPOs), both at European and national level. The diverse chapters represent a range of disciplines and professionals. Their backgrounds span from political and institutional stakeholders and representatives, to academic scholars and NGO representatives. In particular, the authors explore how the rights enshrined in Article 33 are applicable to deaf and hard of hearing citizens, and how they are involved in the process of assuring that the CRPD is implemented in the best way possible.
Teleamp UI
Risks in ports related to free trade : can we reduce the risks?
Clean air around the world : national and international approaches to air pollution control
A review of plant-based nutrition interventions on heart disease, obesity and diabetes : suggestions for an educational curriculum
Cqm1/cpm1/cpm1a/srm1 : programmable controllers : programming manual
Model-based structural damage identification using vibration measurements
Clinical supervision as an interaction between the clinical educator and the student
The telling
Supervision : an intoduction to the surveillance society
Environmental monitoring and characterization
Raman and near-infrared spectroscopic methods for in-line monitoring of freeze-drying process
Signs of hope amidst times of challenge : 9th round of national HIV serosurveillance among women attending antenatal care services at health facilities in Swaziland 2004
Intelligent Wireless Local Area Network monitoring in industrial environment
UNCRPD Implementation in Europe - A Deaf Perspective : Article 33: National Implementation and Monitoring
The ECAR Model : version 2
Handbook of management control systems
Financial regulation in the global economy
Voices for freedom : an Amnesty International publication
Information technology and management control : an agency theory perspective
Internal control structure : study on business units
Regulation and censorship of the Internet
Computer control of machines and processes
Report of the fourth session of the Scientific Sub-Committee, [Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic] : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 October 2005 = Rapport de la quatrième session du Sous-Comité scientifique : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 octobre 2005.
The level control of the boiler drum
Basic problems concerning supervision over activity of the Polish self-government units
Buying process of patient monitoring equipment in hospital ward
Roadmap to prevent and combat drug-resistant tuberculosis : the consolidated action plan to prevent and combat multidrug- and extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis in the WHO European Region 2011-2015
World malaria report 2012.
Guidelines for surveillance
Current State Analysis and Process Harmonization for Miscellaneous Invoicing : UPM-Kymmene Oyj
Trends in industrial oil analysis - a review
The new ISO 9001:2015 : Its opportunities and challenges
International Corporate Governance
Biological monitoring of water and effluent quality : a symposium, Blacksburg, Va., 2-4 Nov. 1975
Old buildings in North Texas
Construction planning, programming and control
Market surveillance in Finland
The economics of insurance regulation : a cross-national study
Faster construction projects with CPM scheduling
Using information from incident reporting system as part of developing patient safety.
General Assembly, fiftieth session : agenda. Item 59, Verification in all its aspects, including the role of the United Nations in the field of verification : report of the Secretary-General
Regulatory control of nuclear safety in Finland : annual report 2004
Quality assurance of fieldwork
Precision viticulture : a new era in vineyard management and wine production
Subversives : the FBI's war on student radicals, and Reagan's rise to power
Phantom self : (And how to find the real one)
The introduction of the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine into cameroon's expanded programme on immunisation : would every child be reached?
Suomen lääketilasto 2011 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2011
Making the EEA work : papers delivered at the EFTA workshop in Brussels, 23 February 1994
Modern technology in supervision of parturition to prevent piglet mortality
Demand forecast process as a part of inventory management
MACHINE VISION AND OBJECT SORTING : PLC Communication with LabVIEW using OPC
Modern control engineering
Service terminal extension for MGW applications
The research problem for this thesis was provided by Rautaruukki Oyj. The purpose of this thesis was to study how modern intelligent wireless local area network monitoring methods and tools could be used to improve WLAN monitoring and functionality at Ruukki Metals steel factory. The research for this thesis was mainly done by studying research papers and articles but also by interviewing specialists and by participating in meetings and presentations. The research was concentrating on different monitoring methods for wireless local area networks and also on the features and characteristics of the selected monitoring software and Ruukki Metals steel factory network environment. The demonstration project was carried out to demonstrate and test the intelligent network monitoring in realistic conditions. The project environment was constructed for Ruukki Metals steel factory site in Raahe, it enabled the possibility to test the capabilities of the intelligent WLAN monitoring tool in an actual factory environment. As well as the existing WLAN network at Ruukki Metals factory, the demonstration project environment was assembled by using Cisco WLAN products. Cisco Prime Infrastructure software was selected as the monitoring tool for the project.The results of the research show that intelligent network monitoring tools are beneficial in monitoring wireless local area networks at a steel factory environment. By using intelligent network monitoring tools, network monitoring and managing becomes more efficient and the function of the network can be improved. Future research possibilities related to this research could relate to improving network monitoring and network reliability. For example effects of using directional antennas and dedicated spectrum analyzators as part of a network monitoring environment. Testing different antenna types and installation positions would provide useful information about what kind of impact they would have on interference tolerance and the range of access points.
The Mao case
Multi-speed Europe? : differentiated integration in the external relations of the European Union
Press forming of paperboard : advancement of converting tools and process control
Towards a critical theory of surveillance in informational capitalism
From the dimensions of ICT towards surveillance society : Echelon; a global electronic panopticon or promoting security
Controlling the bomb : nuclear proliferation in the 1980s
As one of the major actors on the scene of international politics, Russia also impacts the various efforts of arms control, conflict settlement and mediation. This pertains to issues such as the Syrian conflict, nuclear proliferation in the case of Iran or various conflicts part of the post-Soviet space. Success or failure in these efforts has considerable significance for the conduct of international relations, including Russia's own standing on the international scene. In particular, the approach adopted has impacted the chances of capitalizing on regionalization as an asset potentially bolstering Russia's weight and influence. In addition to outlining the Russian approach to arms control, conflict settlement and mediation more generally, the various contributions included in the book set out to probe the policies pursued in the case of specific conflicts such as those unfolding in the Southern Caucasus as well as Moldova. In this context the only resolved post-Soviet conflict consists of that pertaining to Tajikistan whereas all other may be described as 'frozen conflicts'. Particular attention is devoted to the case of Nagorno-Karabakh and the various efforts to address and settle that conflict. Out of the various 'rozen' conflicts part of the post-Soviet space, it stands perhaps out as the 'hottest' one, although competes for attention and need of analysis with other conflictual issues in the region.
From sensors to reasons : fluidized bed spray granulation process monitoring by acoustic emission
The Internet is probably one of the greatest inventions of mankind and one of the best things that happened in my generation. It has become an integral part of day to day activities and therefore subject to national security in countries around the globe The Internet grows and so does government regulation The key question is now: should government keep regulating the Internet or leave it as it is? Would it be possible to regulate the Internet without interfering with free speech? Who is most suitable to regulate Internet? These questions and many more are the forefront of this research. The research will look at Internet regulation from a Net neutrality point of view, which of course includes the pros and cons of what makes it beneficial or why it is destined to fail, the issue included whether government should step in and enforce regulation on infrastructure owners that indirectly dictate how they do business, the potential consequences of Net neutrality or the advantages & disadvantages. The thesis also includes some academic components which will examine the history of the Internet regulation in various strategic countries around the world and censorship policy of countries in details. Survey is based on specifics of various angles on Internet regulation which will include some of the questions mentioned above in order to get a clear view and opinion. Most of the materials that are used for the research will be based on previous research, current research, blogs, articles, and on books. The research/debate will in no way be based on politics or external popular views. The goal is to look at Internet regulation in a more profound way and to create debate/survey on it. Furthermore try to present the best possible result based on the outcome of the questionnaire NB: I also want to stress that the information used in this research is based on the current materials available during this period, It will be wise to note that due to the constant changes that keep happening in area of this research, some fact might no longer be valid after a while due to legislative changes.
Summary: National Agency for Medicines issued new administrative regulation on the marketing of medicinal products.
