http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6119 migratory movement (demography)
migratory movement (demography)
Essays on migration
Despite the vast research on Finnish emigration, little is known about Finns' emigration to Poland. The present study contributes to the underdeveloped areas of study on Finnish expatriation to the Slavic countries. Regardless of Poland's difficult history, or economic and cultural differences, more than 200 Finns have decided to settle in Poland. The number is even bigger when counting temporary immigrants. The study concentrates on some of the historical perspectives, as well as on contemporary analysis through qualitative interviews with 31 Finns living in Poland. Respondents were asked mainly about their reasons for migrating and attitude toward Poland as the destination country. Detailed investigation into the social cohesion of the Finnish minority in Poland is needed. Especially important is further study to determine the post-accession trends in Finnish migration to Poland, especially in the context of the first census since 2002..
Gender and migration in developing countries
A "unique culture"? : migration, nostalgia, alcoholism, suicide and religious revival in Finland
In this article we introduce the on-going (2012-2014) international collaborative project Families on the Move Across Borders: Children's Perspectives on Labour Migration in Europe. First, we present the project and its aims; then, we briefly discuss the current state of migration research on families and children in order to explain how our research can contribute to a fuller inclusion of children in social analysis, not only by challenging the theoretical debates, but also through our empirically rich study. We aim to contribute to the advancement of methodology in childhood and migration studies by studying migration experiences from the child's perspective.
"Moving Europeans" tells the story of the vast movements of people throughout Europe and examines the links between human mobility and the fundamental changes that transformed European life. This update of a classic text describes the Western European migration from the pre-industrial era to the year 2000. For this new edition, Leslie Page Moch reconsiders the 20th century in light of fundamental changes in labor, years of conflict, and the new migrations following the end of colonial empires, the fall of communism, and globalization. This new edition also features a greatly expanded and up-to-date bibliography.
Thanks to the Centro de Estudios Migratorios Latinoamericanos (CEMLA) electronic database of Buenos Aires, we have a better understanding of how many Finns migrated to Argentina during 1886-1940. Port entries to Buenos Aires by Finnish nationals during 1886-1940 totalled 916 (the total includes everyone on the lists irrespective if they have been mentioned twice in a few cases), with the lion's share (482) arriving in 1920-1929. Argentina started to be noticed by Finnish immigrants from 1906, when Arthur Thesleff founded with a group of 112 Finns and 6 Swedes a colony in the northeast province of Misiones. Despite greater immigration from Finland during the 1920s, the highest number of Finns arriving to the Port of Buenos Aires in a single year was in 1906, totalling 139 people. A more precise figure, however, would be about 145 (Tessieri 2008, 25, and Tessieri 2009, 13). I would also like to thank and show my apreciation to the Kaarle Hjalmar Lehtinen Foundation of the Institute of Migration for a grant that made this study possible..
International migration flows in the global level
Migration as a geographical indicator of social change in Etelä-Pohjanmaa, Finland
International migration : the human face of globalisation
Handbook of the international political economy of migration
Finnforum V in Canada
Crossing borders : regional and urban perspectives on international migration
During the 1990s most municipalities and rural areas in northern Sweden have experienced renewed depopulation. At the same time, many regional centres (mainly university cities), but also some rural areas, have shown significant population growth. This article focuses on the latter rural areas and describes their geographical location and the socio-demographic characteristics of their populations. Three types of rural areas with population growth have been identified. Firstly, there are the rural areas within daily commuting distance from regional centres. Secondly, there is a group of rural areas that has benefited from the tourist industry. Most of these tourist resorts are mountain villages close to the border with Norway. Finally, there are also a few rural areas characterised by attractive residential environments and leisure housing.
Katz and Rapoport (2005) conclude that with linear production technology and the possibility of unilateral migration, regionspecific shocks may increase the average level of education. Previously, Poutvaara (2000) derived a corresponding result with Cobb-Douglas technology and migration which may go in both directions. This paper shows that the exit option may reduce human capital formation with a quadratic production technology.
Balkanskata migracionna kultura : istoričeski i s"vremenni primeri ot B"lgariâ i Makedoniâ = Balkan migration culture : historical and contemporary cases from Bulgaria and Macedonia
Patterns of family migration : two methodological approaches
Human capital, investment and migration in an integrated Europe
Migration and settlement. 14, United States
Immigration in U.S. history. Volume 1, Accent discrimination - Indentured servitude
Key concepts in migration
Migration and settlement. 6, Canada
RETA 6091 : Capacity building for resettlement risk management
World migration report
Spalpeens and tattie hokers : history and folklore of the Irish migratory agricultural worker in Ireland and Britain
Moving Europeans : migration in Western Europe since 1650
Initial labour integration of Russian-speaking students in Finland
Migration and settlement. 13, Japan
Migration, small municipalities and the transition in the forms of social capital
Cumulative inertia or cumulative stress? Migration behaviour of Finnish graduates
Migration flows in Finland : regional differences in migration determinants and migrant types
Remaking urban citizenship : organizations, institutions, and the right to the city
Reasons for internal migration in Estonia 1989-2000
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
The Institute of Migration 1974-1994
Public education in a integrated Europe : studying to migrate and teaching to stay
Immigration from nothern Finland and Sweden to northern Norway in the 19th century
Finns in Poland : a contemporary analysis
Constructing containment : a critical analysis of the framing of trafficking in human beings in European Parliament discourse
Migration and settlement. 10, Austria
Internal migration : the new world and the Third World
Population change in Europe, the Middle-East and North Africa : beyond the demographic divide
Exploring the human side of labour migration : labour migrant families' well-being and adaptation to Oulu area
Residential tourism : (de)constructing paradise
Refugee politics in the Middle East and North Africa : human rights, safety, and identity
Swedish Finns in the world today
Labour migration and wages
Population migration in the European Union
Japan and global migration : foreign workers and the advent of a multicultural society
Mobility, education and life trajectories : new and old migratory pathways
Student flows and migration : an empirical analysis
Climate change and migration
The article is the summary of a Master's thesis submitted in 2014 at the European-University Viadrina Frankfurt (Oder). Its research question concerns the links between Finnish culture, migration and identity constructions. To understand this adequately, the concept of daily identity work was applied. The participants were Finnish migrants living in Germany for several decades. The data was collected with a method mix consisting of narrative interviews and a participatory visual method based in photovoice. The results were presented in the depicting of different practices and material belongings that function as identity resources in the process of identification with Finnish culture. Many elements from Finnish culture were visible in the selfrepresentations of the participants, even though they at first negated the assumption that Finnish culture played a role in their lives..
Migration and intra-urban mobility in the Helsinki metropolitan area
Post-war migration trends in the Baltic States
Self-selection and earnings of emigrants from a welfare state
This essay analyzes preliminary lessons from one of the most recent, and allegedly, better designed seasonal foreign worker admissions - New Zealand's Recognized Seasonal Employer Program RSE. Drawing on the existing literature and official program documentation, the essay highlights the policy's achievements and challenges. It suggests that the policy appears to have had more positive impacts on the development of the relatively developed countries, because of their better ability to steer worker recruitment and investment of newly acquired skills and monies. When designing seasonal worker admissions to Europe, European policymakers should be aware of the fact that if included in the program migrants from the most economically, socially and geographically distant countries of origin may find it more difficult to benefit from the program and therefore either forgo it or use it as a stepping stone to permanent migration..
The migration debate
Image of migration in Western Europe in 1990s
Migration and settlement. 7, Hungary
Between East and West : migration in the enlarging European Union
From the village to the city : adjustment process of internal migrants in Albania
Migration and periods of rapid industrial development in Finland
Population movements in modern European history
Some aspects to families in a multicultural world
Analysing the migration flows of China : case study of Guangdong
Migration and refugee policies : an overview
The long Earth
Studies in Pacific history : economics, politics and migration
Social security incentives, human capital investment and mobility of labor
Illegal Mediterranean migrations to Western Europe after World War II
Finnish trade unions and immigrant labor
From a corner of a barrack to an international research institute : 25th anniversary celebrations of the Institute of Migration, Sibelius Museum, 19 November 1999.
Internalization of migration pressure
Racism and migration in Western Europe
Free movement in Europe : past and present
Opening of the Finnish exhibition on trans-atlantic migration via the UK
The role of non-governmental organizations in caring for vulnerable children in Ghana : a case study of youth alive in northern Ghana
Philosophies of exclusion : liberal political theory and immigration
The great hunger: Ireland 1845-1849
Finnish urban regions
International migration : regional processes and responses
Internal migration and regional population dynamics in 1980s and 1990s in Finland
Human rights of migrants
A history of the Abaluyia of Western Kenya
Georeferenced data as a tool for monitoring the concentration of population in Finland in 1970-1998
Italians and Foreign Immigration
Push and pull migration : a systems approach revisited in a contemporary context
The great shame : and the triumph of the Irish in the English-speaking world
Why people move : comparative perspectives on the dynamics of integral migration
Housing demand and intra-urban mobility decisions : a search approach
Ahsan Ullah provides an insightful analysis of migration and displacement in the Middle East and North Africa. He examines the intricate relationship of these phenomena with human rights, safety concerns and issues of identity crisis and identity formation.
ESA summer school on "Immigration in Europe" : continied : out of the students' perspectives
Ireland, Sweden and the Great European Migration : 1815-1914
Mass migrations in Europe : the legacy and the future
Who move to depressed regions? : An analysis of Migration Streams in Finland in the 1990s
A life-course perspective on migration and integration
People on the move : the South Tyne in the sixties
Helsinki and Finland attract people [pääkirjoitus]
History, memory and migration : perceptions of the past and the politics of incorporation
Migration : a European journal of international migration and ethnic relations
Land, labour and the family in Southern Ghana : a critique of land policy under neo-liberalisation
Trends in international migration : continuous reporting system on migration : annual report 1996.
On human capital formation with exit options : comment and new results
Migration in the Caribbean area
Siirtolaisinstituutti 1974-1994 = The institute of migration 1974-1994
Migration from Finland to Russia during the nineteenth century
Rural-urban labor migration and urban unemployment in Kenya
Ingrian return migration and the Finnish debate immigration policy
Opinion surveys on attitudes towards immigration are becoming more and more important, owing to the increasing role of political debate on migration issues in Western European countries. CNR has conducted four surveys on this topic, collecting data on the evolution of Italians attitudes towards migration issues. In fact, the ? rst survey was conducted in the second half of the eighties, when foreign immigration was in its early stages. The last survey took place in 2002, when immigration was already well established in Italy. The article focuses on three main issues: the global impact of immigration on Italian society, the immigrants role in the labour market, and immigration policy. In general, the results of the last survey con? rm a trend that appeared already in 1997, of more balanced and realistic opinion that were less of a response to circumstances perceived as special emergencies. Highly educated people, teachers and students continue to be the most open and receptive groups, whereas the less favourably inclined and more worried continue to be old people, those with less education, the unemployed, housewives, and retirees.  .
Migrations in prehistory : inferring population movement from cultural remains
Migration flows between Finland and the Baltic Sea region
The future of international migration to OECD countries
The demographic background of post-war migration trends in Estonia
Nordic Journal of Migration Research
Migration in China's Guangdong province : major results of a 1993 sample survey on migrants and floating population in Shenzhen and Foshan
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
Staying or leaving? : willingness and reasons of trainees to migrate after finishing their vocational education  in Kuopio (Finland) and Halle/Saale (Germany)
Migration-development nexus in the Malawian health sector : European Union blue card -circular migration for development?
Linguistic resources in transition : a case study of Finnish people in Belgium
Builders of a New Europe : women immigrants from the Eastern Trans-regions
Reasons for Migration Reverse in Estonia
Families on the move in Europe : children's perspectives
Opening welcome at the 25th anniversary celebrations of the Institute of Migration, 19 November 1999 by professor Olavi Granö
Optimal taxation in the presence of international personal mobility
Migration into rural areas : theories and issues
Finland and the international movement of people in changing Europe
Trends in international migration : continuous reporting system on migration : annual report
If people were money : estimating the potential gains from increased international migration
Increased internal migration in the beginning of the year 2000.
Migrants of North-East England : 1951-1961 : character, age and sex
International Youth Day, August 12th, 2013 : moving development forward
The Euro-Mediterranean migration system and the effects in countries of origin of transfers of funds
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
The effect of polytechnic reform on migration
Three approaches to the economics of inter-municipal migration
Public education in an integrated Europe : studying to migrate and teaching to stay?
Migrations and invasions in archaeological explanation
A contribution to one of the most hotly contested issues in Europe, "The Migration Debate" provides a well balanced, critical analysis of UK migration policies, in a European context, from entry controls through to integration and citizenship. Exploring the pressures and constraints that have shaped a rapidly shifting policy terrain, this accessible overview offers a considered assessment of policy options to provide the foundation for a less polarised, better informed public debate. Unusual in its coverage of immigration for work, study, family and protection, and in its insistence that an understanding of integration processes must be considered alongside analysis of entry controls, "The Migration Debate" will be of equal value to policy makers as to a multi disciplinary academic readership.
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
Preliminary population statistics
Immigration in U.S. history. Volume 2, Indigenous superordination - Zadvydas v. Davis
The colonization of the Amazon
Trends in international migration : continuous reporting system on migration : annual report 1994.
The effect of education on migration : evidence from school reform
Between location and a sense of place : observations regarding young people's migration alacrity in Northern Europe
Migration in China
Europe is my oyster : experiences of finns working abroad
International migration law
Trends in international migration : continuous reporting system on migration : annual report 1993.
The internal migrant : a comparative study in urbanization
Models and social mobility research : a comparison of some log-linear models for a social mobility matrix
This book provides lucid and intuitive explanations of the most important migration concepts as used in classrooms, among policymakers, and in popular and academic discourse. Arguing that there is a clear need for a better public understanding of migration, it sets out to clarify the field by exploring relevant concepts in a direct and engaging way. Each concept: * Includes an easy to understand definition * Provides real-world examples * Gives suggestions for further reading * Is carefully cross-referenced to other related concepts It is an ideal resource for undergraduate and post-graduate students studying migration in sociology, politics, development and throughout the social sciences, as well as scholars in the field and practitioners in governmental and non-governmental organizations.
Cultural diversity and integration in the Nordic welfare states : proceedings of the 12th Nordic Migration Conference 2003
Model migration schedules
North : the greatest animal journey on Earth
Migration in Finland : a multi-level system of regions
Colonization and migration : a summary of border-crossing movements in Tanzania before 1967
Global migration patterns : migration pressure increasing towards developing countries
Finnish migrants in Germany : identities positions, representations
Educated people, migration and European integration
The Mediterranean and the Aegean coastal zone of Turkey has emerged as a new destination for lifestyle migrants from Northern Europe in the recent years. This article aims at drawing attention to the recent migration flow of EU citizens to Turkey in case of Marmaris - a tourism town located on the Turkish Riviera. The differences of EU citizens who settled in Marmaris are studied by considering their retirement status. The retired and non-retired EU citizens are compared as to their socio-economic and demographic characteristics, pull and push factors in their migration process, perceived problems in Turkey and intention to return. The research was conducted in 2008 and 2009. 131 participants are EU citizens who spend at least three months in a year in Marmaris. Both qualitative and quantitative methods were employed during the research. The factors that cause the migration of the Europeans towards Marmaris are similar with other destination countries along the Mediterranean as well as the other destinations in Turkey however the retired and the non-retired groups in Marmaris differ from each other in aspect of some characteristics..
Migration and transnational social spaces
Migration in Baltic Sea area : the case of Estonia as a sending country
Changes in the distribution of population in Finland over the period 1970-1998 are examined in terms of a co-ordinate system of 1 x 1 km grid cells. The results indicate that this system provides suitable areal units for a variety of statistical and GIS methods aimed at describing and explaining the spatial distribution of population. The system is capable of yielding more detailed information than heretofore on topics such as the concentration of population in the urban centres of Finland - a process that has been going on since the beginning of the last century, but has slowed down noticeably in the recent years.
Migration and the environment
Aggregate economic fluctuations and regional convergence : the Finnish case 1988-95
Contemporary population changes in north Swedish rural areas
Global processes, local strategies : migration of educated Dominicans
Circulation in population movement : substance and concepts from the Melanesian case
Europe and international migration
Finnish yearbook of population research 2007-2008.. 43
Migration in Japan
Heading south, seeking the north : the issue of illegal migratory fluxes to Italy, and from Italy to northern Europe
Foreign players in the Finnish football league 1970-2010
This article provides an overview on the contemporary literature on the push and pull factors of international migration, particularly on that from countries in transition to advanced welfare states. The article stresses the importance of the economic factor in the country of destination. This suggests that pull factors are often more signifi cant than push factors, in contemporary international migration..
Development and migration movements in Africa
Advances in multiregional demography
Americanah
Migration and the city : social cohesion and integration policies
Over the last four decades the sociological life course approach with its focus on the interplay of structure and agency over time life course perspective has become an important research perspective in the social sciences. Yet, while it has successfully been applied to almost all fields of social inquiry it is much less used in research studying migrant populations and their integration patterns. This is puzzling since understanding immigrants' integration requires just the kind of dynamic research approach this approach puts forward: any integration theory actually refers to life course processes. This volume shows fruitful cross-linkages between the two research traditions. A range of studies are presented that all apply sociological life course concepts to research on migrants and migrant groups in Europe. The book is organized thematically, indicating different important domains in the life course. Using a wide variety of methodological approaches, it covers both quantitative studies based on population census data and survey material as well as qualitative studies based on interviews. Attention is paid to the life courses of those who migrated themselves as well as their offspring. The studies cover different European countries, relating to one national context or a particular local setting in a city as well as cross-country comparisons. Overall the book shows that applying the sociological life course approach to migration and integration research may advance our understanding of immigrant settlement patterns as well as further develop the life course perspective.
What have been the early outcomes of New Zealand's seasonal foreign worker admissions?
World Universities Congress 2010 : "What should be the new aims and responsibilities of universities within the framework of global issues?"
Residential search behavior : a study on infra-urban relocation in Toronto
Migration in globalized sport : Finnish ice hockey players in Russia
Attraction of the Nordic countries in international migration
Migration and settlement. 9, Federal Republic of Germany
Summary and conclusions (s. 95-100).
Economy, ethnicity and international migration : the comparison of Finland, Hungary and Russia
Port entries of Finnish nationals to Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 1886-1940
Two distinct groups of EU immigrants in coastal Turkey
Research, the foundation of decision-making
Estimation of eucalyptus forest plantations carbon sequestration potential in Uruguay with the CO2fix model
East-to-West migration and labour market integration in the Baltic Sea region - history, current trends and potential
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Quite often the debate over immigrants in various EU countries occupies a central space in public opinion, especially when it comes to the issue of illegal migration, which at the same time constitutes one of the major challenges for the governments of these countries. However, the so-called “gateway countries” occupy a crucial position in this debate since they have continuously faced critical situations with respect to illegal migratory fluxes during the last 10 years. One of these countries is Italy, an industrial giant with one of the largest labour markets in the EU..
The article deals with the specificity of initial labour integration for Russian-speaking students who study at the universities of Helsinki, Jyväskylä, Tampere, Turku and Helsinki. The empirical databases from the Finnish Social Science Data Archive (Tampere, 2006) are used as a basis for analysis. The empirical data has been processed using the SPSS 11.0 program. The results, based on mathematical and statistical analysis, allow us to draw conclusions about the existence of several differentiated levels of success in terms of the integration for Russian-speaking immigrants in Finland. As a result, four types of integration have been classified as follows - “well-integrated”, “potentially well-integrated”, “moderately integrated”, and “poorly integrated”. Whereas the first two types of integration are characterized by how successfully the immigrants integrate into the labour market, their language skills and the types of labour they are engaged in, the other two types are characterized by other influencing factors (educational “load,” family ties, secondary labour activity, obstacles to labour activity).
During the past 30 years migration trends in most European countries have revealed some signs of deconcentration. The aim of this paper is to analyse the reasons of such deconcentration. For that purpose we will give an overview of literature on reasons of migration turnaround and provide a deeper case analysis of one country - Estonia. In Estonia internal migration ? rst turned in favour of rural areas in 1983. The trends of deconcentration continued and rural population increased at the expense of urban population at least until the end of the 1990s. The Retrospective Estonian Living Conditions Survey of 1999 is used to analyze the possible changes in reasons for migration turnaround. That survey provides a unique opportunity for comparing reasons of migration during periods of concentration and deconcentration. In the empirical part of this paper deconcentration will be de? ned as an out? ow of population from administrative town borders into rural areas. We will not distinguish between particular types of deconcentration for practical reasons of data limitation. We are particularly interested in migration because migration seems to be the most important factor contributing to quick population changes.  .
South Asian migration in comparative perspective, movement, settlement and diaspora
International migration in Lithuania: causes, consequences, strategy
Migration, urbanisation and development
Canakkale Onsekiz Mart University, Turkey 20.-24.10.2010.
Migration and settlement. 12, Bulgaria
Human migration and its effects on regional development : from global to local
