http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6125 speech sounds
speech sounds
Preliminary phonological analysis of the Limi dialect of Humla Bhotia
Abstract.
Phonological mean length of utterance as an indicator of typical and impaired phonological development in children acquiring Finnish
The sounds of German
Studies in logopedics and phonetics. 4
Nihongo : the pronunciation of Japanese = Nihongo : hatsuon, eigohan
The sounds of the world's languages
On the "zero consonant" phoneme in modern standard Finnish - towards a coherent paradigmatic interpretation
Yhteenveto. - Abstract.
Mismatch negativity for item rather than serial-order information in a 150-MS tone series that is not repeated as a melodic pattern
The vowel : its nature and structure
Talker variability in speech processing
Phonetics
A modern English grammar on historical principles. 1, Sounds and spellings
Introducing phonetic science
Historical labial-velar changes in Germanic : a study of the counter-directional sound changes in English and Netherlandic
Interactions of the processing of letters and speech sounds as reflected by event-related brain potentials
Alif baa : introduction to Arabic letters and sounds
The phoneme : its nature and use
On coarticulation and connected speech processes in Icelandic
Talking heads : the neuroscience of language
Lexicon of the mouth : poetics and politics of voice and the oral imaginary
The auditory processing of speech : from sounds to words
Topics of interest for experimental phonetic studies in Lappish
Phonetic status and phonemic function of the final devoiced stops in Polish
Elision in consonant clusters in present-day English : a contrastive approach with special reference to word-final /t/ and /d
Studies in sound symbolism
Phonics. 3 : Hot fox
Language development and language impairment : a problem-based introduction
Acoustical comparison of the monophthong system in Finnish, Mongolian and Udmurt
Fronties of speech communication research
Where do phonological features come from? : cognitive, physical and developmental bases of distinctive speech categories
Word form frequency and phone durations in Finnish informal dialogue
This paper provides an overview of the GraphoGame method. Both theoretical and methodological aspects related to the method are presented. The method's guiding principles are based on the prevailing theories and experimental research findings on learning and teaching basic reading skills in alphabetic languages, especially from the point of view of a struggling reader. Because the nature of the target language and its relation to its writing system play central roles in the GraphoGame method, this approach requires the method to be flexible in order to be valid for learners of different languages and orthographies. Thus, the aim of the developed technology is to provide an appropriate reading support tool for all learners—from struggling learners to typical learners—in any language environment. We present an overview of results gained from GraphoGame intervention studies as well as challenges for the usability of the method.
Finger phonics. 3
Gimson's pronunciation of English
On reduced phonological structures : hypocorisms in the dialect of Anundsjö
Phonological structure and language processing : cross-linguistic studies
Cortical representations for phonological quantity
Finger phonics. 2
On metathesis of liquids in Old English
Proto Finno Ugric sources of Kola Lapp and Norwegian Lapp phonetic stock
Articulatory organization : from phonology to speech signals
Sound foundations chart and guide
Writing aloud : the sonics of language
Speech perception and auditory performance in hearing-impaired adults with a multichannel cochlear implant
Analyzing sound patterns : an introduction to phonology
A singer's manual of Spanish lyric diction
Interaural intensity difference and ear advantage in listening to dichotic conconant-vowel syllable pairs
Easy phonics words
Stress and quantity in Erzya
Sound foundations : learning and teaching pronunciation
Phonemics : a technique for reducing languages to writing
Tones and features : phonetic and phonological perspectives
Frontiers of Korean language acquisition
Lexicon of the Mouth surveys the oral cavity as the central channel by which self and surrounding are brought into relation. Questions of embodiment and agency, attachment and loss, incorporation and hunger, locution and the non-sensical are critically examined. In doing so, LaBelle emphasizes the mouth as a vital conduit for negotiating "the foundational narrative of proper speech." Lexicon of the Mouth aims for a viscous, poetic and resonant discourse of subjectivity, detailed through the "micro-oralities" of laughing and whispering, stuttering and reciting, eating and kissing, among others. The oral cavity is posed as an impressionable arena, susceptible to all types of material input, contamination and intervention, while also enabling powerful forms of resistance, attachment and conversation, as well as radical imagination. ---
Active control of sound
Handbook of the International Phonetic Association : a guide to the use of the international phonetic alphabet
The connectivity of musical aptitude and foreign language learning skills : neural and behavioural evidence
Language change and linguistic theory. 1, Approaches, methodology and sound change
Epenthesis and syllable structure in northern Vogul
The sound pattern of Russian : a linguistic and acoustical investigation
A sketch of the phonology and grammar of Rajbanshi
Methodological aspects of transformational generative phonology
Puheentutkimuksen alalta = Papers in speech research. 6
English phonology : an introduction
Finnish sound structure : phonetics, phonology, phonotactics and prosody
The pronunciation of English
Second language acquisition: the effect of early exposure on vowel perception
Intonation in the Manchu-Tungus languages according to instrumental-phonetic data
GraphoGame Method: The Theoretical and Methodological Background of the Technology-Enhanced Learning Environment for Learning to Read
Samoyed phonemic system
The phonology of the Morebattle dialect : East Roxburghshire
Experimental phonetics and sound change
Preliminary phonological analysis of Denjongka of Sikkim
Introduction to the phonology of the Bantu languages
Vowel epenthesis in loanword adaption
Studies in Old English MSS with special reference to the delabialisation of y (<u + i) to i
Atlas of English sounds
An introduction to element theory
Phonetic symbol guide
Introducing phonetics and phonology
Corpus of Soqotri oral literature. Volume 1
Tonal perception in speech
Shrinking powder and other stories
Seeing speech : a quick guide to speech sounds
Finger phonics. 4
An experimental study of the auditory perception of isolated bi-syllable Finnish words
The sounds of spoken English
Non-native accents in upper secondary school English textbooks in Finland and Estonia
Speech sounds : a pictorial guide to typical and atypical speech
The Sounds of English
Universals of sound change in nasalization
Captain Comet's space party 1
Theoretical issues in contrastive phonology
The southernmost people of Greenland : dialects and memories = Qavaat : oqalunneri eqqaamassaallu
Consonant types & tone
Foundations of distinctive feature theory
Tone
Vowels and consonants : an introduction to the sounds of languages
Beyond words : sobs, hums, stutters and other vocalizations
Pronounce it perfectly in English
Dravidian comparative phonology
On the locational description of consonants
Finger phonics. 1
Finger phonics. 6
Finger phonics. 7
Finger phonics. 5
A handbook of phonetics : <natural> phonetics : articulatory, auditory & functional
Acoustics of American English speech : a dynamic approach
Readings in historical phonology : chapters in the theory of sound change
Duration in the quantity of bisyllabics in the Guovdageaidnu dialect of North Lappish
Foreign language teaching : a comparison of performance of Finnish 6th and 9th graders
The acquisition of foreign phonemes: a study of the phonemes /f/ and /v/ in Finnish and English
Studies in Hindi-Urdu. 1, Introduction and word phonology
Studies in Celtic sound changes and their chronology
A phonological and tonal analysis of Samue using optimality theory
Road to the code : a phonological awareness program for young children
The new sound of Indo-European : essays in phonological reconstruction
Mastery of phonemic symbols and student experiences in pronunciation teaching
The flapping of English coronal stops
Vowels and consonants
