http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6124 consonants
consonants
Consonant change in English worldwide : synchrony meets diachrony
Consonant clusters in English and Finnish
The distance between the Finno-Ugric languages derived on the basis of disribution of consonantal group patterns in their speech chains
About the process of consonant voicing in various positions of the Finno-Ugrian word
Consonant harmony
Opposition of dental and alveolar consonants in Malayalam
Acoustico-cineradiographic analysis considerations with special reference to certain consonantal complexes
Listening for speech sounds : stories for the speech clinician and the classroom teacher
Finger phonics. 3
Clinical phonetics
Consonant types & tone
Commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Y.H. Toivonen
Epenthesis, geminates, and the OCP in Finnish
Finger phonics. 4
Finnish medial clusters of two consonants : phonotaxis and history
Historical phonology of Old Indo-Aryan consonants
English consonant phonemes pronounced by Finnish school children
The distances of the Ugric languages based on the tyological consonantal features
Elision in consonant clusters in present-day English : a contrastive approach with special reference to word-final /t/ and /d
FINVX : a system for the backwards application of Finnish consonant gradation
On the locational description of consonants
j in Sayan-Samoyed temporal suffixes
Sociophonetics : an introduction
Finnish summary.
Out loud : papers from the 19th Meeting of Finnish Phoneticians
Finger phonics. 6
Korean consonantal phonology
The influence of consonants on native and non-native vowel production : a cross-linguistic study
Proto-Finnic final consonants : their history in the Finnic languages with particular reference to the Finnish dialects. 1:1, Introduction : the history of -k in Finnish
An introduction to descriptive linguistics
A grammar of Old English. Vol. 1, Phonology
Segmental length in Finnish : studies within a constraint-based approach
Finger phonics. 2
Finger phonics. 1
On the originality of the word-initial consonant clusters in Estonian and Finnish : commentary
Vowels and consonants : an introduction to the sounds of languages
Finger phonics. 7
An introduction to element theory
Perception of English consonants by Finnish learners
Electropalatographic investigations of three Finnish coronal consonants
The perception of stop consonants : Linking the strongest spectral region of the burst to the following vowel
The concept of the 'onset', i.e. the consonant(s) before the vowel of a syllable, is critical within phonology. While phonologists have examined the segmental behaviour of onsets, their prosodic status has instead been largely overlooked. In fact, most previous accounts have stipulated that onsets are insignificant when it comes to the 'heaviness' of syllables. In this book Nina Topintzi presents a new theory of onsets, arguing for their fundamental role in the structure of language both in the underlying and surface representation, unlike previous assumptions. To capture the weight behaviour of onsets, a novel account is proposed that relates their interaction with voicing, tone and stress. Using numerous case-studies and data from a variety of languages and phenomena (including stress, compensatory lengthening, gemination and word minimality), the book introduces a model that reflects the true behaviour of onsets, demonstrating profound implications for syllable and weight theories.
Consonant quantity and phonological units in Estonian
The acquisition order of consonants : a problematic viewpoint
Where do phonological features come from? : cognitive, physical and developmental bases of distinctive speech categories
The priority of temporal aspects in L2-Swedish prosody : studies in perception and production
The identification and production of the English sibilants and affricates by Finnish learners
Proto-phonotactics : phonotactic investigation of the PU and PFU consonant system : (on the basis of the Uralisches etymologisches Wörterbuch)
Fonetiikan päivät, Joensuu 1984 : XII fonetiikan päivillä Joensuun yliopistossa 8.-19.5.1984 pidetyt esitelmät = Papers from the Twelfth Meeting of Finnish Phoneticians, Joensuu 1984
Onsets : suprasegmental and prosodic behaviour
Variations within consonant clusters in standard Swedish
Distinctive features and English consonants : a study of five British English fricatives
Certamen phonologicum : papers from the 1987 Cortona phonology meeting
On metathesis of liquids in Old English
Finger phonics. 5
On the chronology of a dialectal feature
On the "zero consonant" phoneme in modern standard Finnish - towards a coherent paradigmatic interpretation
Factors conditioning consonant duration in consonantal context : with special reference to initial and final consonant clusters in English
Learner knowledge of target phonotactics : judgments of French word transformations
The acquisition of s and r in a Finnish child
Consonant structure and prevocalization
Consonant clusters in Finnish, Estonian and Hungarian
Effects of the second formant on the perception of velarization consonants in Arabic
Traces of pre-proto-Uralic nasals and nasals prosodies
Tiberian Hebrew phonology : focussing on consonant clusters
Optimality in complexity : the case of Polish consonant clusters
