http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6127 vowels
vowels
Studies in logopedics and phonetics. 5
The Avestan vowels
On the acoustic nature of Komi-Zyrian vowel system
Phonetic feature systems for vowels
Some aspects of English and Finnish vowel duration under varying tempo conditions
Statistical analysis of vowel systems using generalized linear mixed models
Language specific cues to segmentation of spoken words in Finnish : behavioral and event-related brain potential studies
Finnish and English back vowel prototypes
Sociolinguistics : method and interpretation
The influence of consonants on native and non-native vowel production : a cross-linguistic study
Epenthetic vowels in Ume Saami gradation
Vowel patterns in language
Segmental length in Finnish : studies within a constraint-based approach
A grammar of Old English. Vol. 1, Phonology
On the acoustics and physiology of the transitions to and from the vowels i and u in American English
Acoustic, psychoacoustic, and psychophysiological measures of distances in the Finnish vowel space
Vowel/glide alternation in a theory of constraint interaction
On the vocalism of the closed unstressed syllables in Hebrew : a study based on the evidence provided by the transcriptions of St. Jerome and Palestinian punctuations
The Baltic sea prosodic area revisited
Investigating language acquisition in Zambia : mapping vowel confusion of a, e and i between English and ciNyanja
Languages in prehistoric Europe
Pronunciation of English vowels : 1400-1700
Variation in Finnish vowel harmony : an ot account
The book of punctuation
Lollardy, language contact and the great vowel shift : spellings in the defence papers of William Swinderby
Coffin's sounds of singing : principles and applications of vocal techniques with chromatic vowel chart
Fonetiikan päivät, Espoo 1988 = Papers from the 15th meeting of Finnish phoneticians
Segmental decomposition and the signal
Overtones of bel canto : phonetic basis of artistic singing with 100 chromatic vowel-chart exercises
"Linguists researching the sounds of languages do not just study lists of sounds but seek to discover generalizations about sound patterns by grouping them into categories. They study the common properties of each category and identify what distinguishes one category from another. Vowel patterns, for instance, are analysed and compared across languages to identify phonological similarities and differences. This original account of vowel patterns in language brings a wealth of cross-linguistic material to the study of vowel systems and offers new theoretical insights. Informed by research in speech perception and production, it addresses the fundamental question of how the relative prominence of word position influences vowel processes and distributions. The book combines a cross-linguistic focus with detailed case studies. Descriptions and analyses are provided for vowel patterns in over 25 languages from around the world, with particular emphasis on minor Romance languages and on the diachronic development of the German umlaut." --Publisher's website.
Studies of syllable nuclei. Part 1
Finnish and English vowels : a comparison with special reference to the learning problems met by native speakers of Finnish learning English
Listening for speech sounds : stories for the speech clinician and the classroom teacher
Finger phonics. 3
Rime as a criterion of the pronunciation of Spenser, Pope, Byron, and Swinburne : a contribution to the history of the present English stressed vowels
On stress assignment and vowel reduction in contemporary standard Russian
Finnish abstract.
Physical analysis of linguistic vowel duration
The Book of Punctuation was written by Yosef Gikatilla (1248 - c. 1325) in his early philosophical-kabbalistic period. The exact date of origin of this short treatise, however, cannot be established with certainty. The text focuses first of all on Hebrew vowels, which are fundamental elements in Gikatilla's theory of creation. The author integrates the vowels in a complex system, assigning a specific task to each of them with respect to the cosmos and to creation, according to their respective grammatical functions. The book, which is inspired both by medieval cosmology and by the philosophy of Maimonides, reveals a unique concept of linguistic mysticism. This trilingual volume offers for the first time the critical edition of the Hebrew text of the work together with the Latin version made in 1486 by the convert Flavius Mithridates for the Humanist Giovanni Pico della Mirandola and an English translation.
Conveyed intention : a study of some acoustic aspects as related to production and perception of certain sung vowels
Vowel epenthesis in loanword adaption
Proto-Uralic vocalism revisited : evidence from centre and circumference
Vowel rotation in Uralic: obugocentric evidence
An introduction to descriptive linguistics
Finger phonics. 2
Suomen kielitieteellisen yhdistyksen vuosikirja = Språkvetenskapliga föreningens i Finland årsbok = The yearbook of the linguistic association of Finland. 1990
Finger phonics. 7
An introduction to element theory
Papers from the Eleventh Scandinavian Conference of Linguistics. Vol. 2
Traces of Proto-Samoyed vowel contrasts in Nenets
Options for Tundra Nenets vowel analysis
X-ray and model studies of vowel articulation
Finger phonics. 5
Economy in Yiddish vocalism : a study in the interplay of Hebrew and non-Hebrew components
The Finnic  ́secondary e-stems ̀ and Proto-Uralic vocalism
The non-initial-syllable vowel reductions from Proto-Uralic to Proto-Finnic
Estonian Vowels of Three Degrees of Length
A critical survey of a historical phonology of English vowels : with special reference to Karl Luick's "Historische Grammatik der englischen Sprache"
Articulatory-acoustic relationships in Swedish vowel sounds
On Finnic long vowels, Samoyed vowel sequences, and Proto-Uralic *x
Explanations for the qualitative variation on Finnish vowels
An acoustic comparison of finnish vowels produced before and after genioglossal muscle advancement
Clinical phonetics
On the history of word-final vowels in the Permian languages
Second-language acquisition : perception and learning of non-native vowels
Handbook of vowels and vowel disorders
Extensive language learning affects the perception of vowels
Early developments of the vowel systems of North-West Germanic and Saami
Prototype modeling of vowel perception and production in a quantity language
Some remarks on the history of permian and proto-hungarian final vowels
The Arabic verb : form and meaning in the vowel-lengthening patterns
The Baltic sea prosodic area revisited : comments
Proto-Indo-European schwebeablaut
On Finnish harmony vowels and language acquisition
Finger phonics. 6
Effects of lingual nerve anesthesia on Finnish vowels : an acoustic comparison between vowels produced by male subjects under normal and anesthetized conditions
Alternation of e and a, ä in non-initial syllables in the southern group of Finnic languages
Studies of syllable nuclei
Quantity adjustment : vowel lengthening and shortening in early Middle English
The older Scots vowels : a history of the stressed vowels of older Scots from the beginnings to the Eighteenth Century
Resolving hiatus
Cognitive development and the acquisition of language
The perception of a new vowel contrast by Finnish learners of English
English vowels and the Finnish learner
Vowel perception and production
On spectrum structure in female sung Finnish vowels : a preliminary study of two professional soprano voices
The vocalism of latin medial syllables
Articulatory vowel gesture presented in a psychoacoustical F1/F2-space
Corpus of Estonian dialects and the Estonian vowel system
Sefer ha-Niḳḳud, a kabbalistic book, is a mystical explanation of the [Hebrew] vowel-points.
Hill or hell : identification of English vowels by Finnish schoolchildren knowing no English
High variability phonetic training : Arabic and Persian speakers learning Finnish vowels /y/ and /ø
Finger phonics. 4
The unaccented vowels of Proto-Norse
The Indonesian vowels : acoustic and perceptual explorations
An outline of an acoustical vowel data base
The vowel : its nature and structure
The origins of vowel systems
A tentative argument for regional quality targets in assimilating schwa
The flipped diphthongs of Upper Palatinate German as recorded by Franz Xaver von Schönwerth
Studies in logopedics and phonetics. 4
Finger phonics. 1
Studies in Old English MSS with special reference to the delabialisation of y (<u + i) to i
Vowels and consonants : an introduction to the sounds of languages
On the vocalism of the closed unstressed syllables in Hebrew : a study by based on the evidence provided by the transcriptions of St. Jerome and Palestinian punctuations
The vowel, its nature and structure
The perception of stop consonants : Linking the strongest spectral region of the burst to the following vowel
On the effect of bilingualism on the perception of the pure short vowels of English
An acoustic analysis of vowel variation in New World English
Fonetiikan päivät, Joensuu 1984 : XII fonetiikan päivillä Joensuun yliopistossa 8.-19.5.1984 pidetyt esitelmät = Papers from the Twelfth Meeting of Finnish Phoneticians, Joensuu 1984
The attentive and preattentive perception of native and non-native vowels : the effect of second language learning
Proto-Indo-European Schwebeablaut
Phonologically conditioned vowel-to-vowel coarticulation in VCV sequences
Finnish vowel harmony : an empirical study
Acoustical comparison of the monophthong system in Finnish, Mongolian and Udmurt
Vowel perception : behavioural and psychophysiological experiments
Qualitative and quantitative evolution of initial vowels in Balto-Slavic
A phonemization of Tundra nenets long vowels
