http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p612 ethnic discrimination
ethnic discrimination
Annual report / : summary
A major intervention in the fields of critical race theory, black feminism, and queer theory, The Erotic Life of Racism contends that theoretical and political analyses of race have largely failed to understand and describe the profound ordinariness of racism and the ways that it operates as a quotidian practice. If racism has an everyday life, how does it remain so powerful and yet mask its very presence? To answer this question, Sharon Patricia Holland moves into the territory of the erotic, understanding racism's practice as constitutive to the practice of racial being and erotic choice. Reemphasizing the black/white binary, Holland reinvigorates critical engagement with race and racism. She argues that only by bringing critical race theory, queer theory, and black feminist thought into conversation with each other can we fully envision the relationship between racism and the personal and political dimensions of our desire. The Erotic Life of Racism provocatively redirects our attention to a desire no longer independent of racism but rather embedded within it.
Ethnic discrimination, name change and labor market inequality : mixed appraoches to ethnic exclusion in Sweden
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
Overcoming racism, respiritualizing society, establishing the unity of all people and creating true civilization is the last war. To fight it, we need to understand how society got to this point: * how racism developed * why society became despiritualized * what happened to our sense of oneness and we need to develop a vision of how the world can move from its turbulent adolescence to its long awaited maturity, a time when all nations and races will become united in a global civilization. Mark Perry uses the analogy of an archaeological dig to survey the historical roots of racism and the despiritualization of society, century by century, back from the modern day to their primitive, prehistoric past. Holding out a vision provided by Baha'u'llah, the founder of the Baha'¡ Faith, more than a century ago, he explains how humanity can lay the groundwork for a new civilization.
Only the brave
The Swedish Ombudsman against ethnic discrimination
The origins of racism in the West
Ethnic minority problems in Nigerian politics, 1960-1965
Racial discrimination : institutional patterns and politics
They say: oh, it's a foreigner who made trouble
BDS: boycott, divestment, sanctions : the global struggle for Palestinian rights
Land and racial domination in Rhodesia
Race, culture, psychology, & law
Individual crimes or a sociological phenomenon : a critical discourse analysis of the 2014 Royal Canadian Mounted Police national operational overview on missing and murdered indigenous women in Canada
We Talk, You Listen is strong, boldly unconventional medicine from Vine Deloria Jr. (1933-2005), one of the most important voices of twentieth-century Native American affairs. Here the witty and insightful Indian spokesman turns his penetrating vision toward the disintegrating core of American society. Written at a time when the traditions of the formerly omnipotent Anglo-Saxon male were crumbling under the pressures of a changing world, Deloria's book interprets racial conflict, inflation, the ecological crisis, and power groups as symptoms rather than causes of the American malaise: "The glittering generalities and mythologies of American society no longer satisfy the need and desire to belong," a theory as applicable today as it was in 1970. American Indian tribalism, according to Deloria, was positioned to act as America's salvation. Deloria proposes a uniquely Indian solution to the legacy of genocide, imperialism, capitalism, feudalism, and self-defeating liberalism: group identity and real community development, a kind of neo-tribalism. He also offers a fascinating cultural critique of the nascent "tribes" of the 1970s, indicting Chicanos, blacks, hippies, feminists, and others as misguided because they lacked comprehensive strategies and were led by stereotypes rather than an understanding of their uniqueness.
Discrimination and disrespect
Encyclopedia of race and racism. Vol. 2, G-R
Encyclopedia of race and racism. Vol. 1, A-F
Essays on discrimination in the marketplace
The Ipperwash Report is apt no cause one to reflect on the character of our society, and where it might be heading, and to ask some rather pertinent questions about how dissent is dealt with in Canada. Whatever happened to the right of peaceful protest? Is this not one of the guarantees under our Charter of Rights and Freedoms? Why does it seem that such hateful brutality is directed towards Aboriginal citizens of this country by those in authority, by the very people who should be our paragons of tolerance, respect, and justice? Book jacket.
Roma and traveller inclusion in Europe : green questions and answers
We are the Romani people = Ane sam e Rromane dzene
Towards ethnic equality and diversity : Government Action Plan to combat ethnic discrimination and racism : adopted by the government plenary session on 22 March 2001.
Faces of racism
Diversity at work
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
Racism without racists : color-blind racism and the persistence of racial inequality in America
The republic in crisis, 1848-1861
Highly educated Taiwanese women seeking a self-acceptable social position in Finland
The far right and racism
They closed their schools : Prince Edward County, Virginia, 1951-1964
Ethnic prejudice and discrimination in Europe
Addressing racism : facilitating cultural competence in mental health and educational settings
Creating social citizenship : young people, ethnicity and participation in a Swedish local context
Racial and cultural minorities : an analysis of prejudice and discrimination
Religion and ethnocentrism : an empirical-theological study
The forceful relocation of citizens within a country : a case study of Lagos State, Nigeria
Ethnocentric, everyday racism : an outline of a conceptualisation of racism
Class and race formation in North America
Diversity - an opportunity in working life : guide to promoting equality and preventing discrimination in the workplace
Americanah
Space and languages : measuring differences
Ethnic minorities in Britain : diversity and disadvantage
International boycott, divestment, and sanctions (BDS) efforts helped topple South Africa’s brutal apartheid regime. In this urgent book, Omar Barghouti makes the case for a rights-based BDS campaign to stop Israel’s rapacious occupation, colonization, and apartheid against the Palestinian people. This considered, convincing collection contributes to the growing debate on Israel’s violations of international law and points the way forward to a united global civil society movement for freedom, justice, self-determination, and equality for all.
The erotic life of racism
Ipperwash : the tragic failure of Canada's Aboriginal policy
Something out there
Human capital differences or labor market discrimination? : the occupational outcomes of ethnic minorities in rural Guizhou (China)
There ain't no black in the Union Jack : the cultural politics of race and nation
Essays on discrimination in hiring
"The Republic in Crisis, 1848,♯1861 analyzes the political climate in the years leading up to the Civil War, offering for students and general readers a clear, chronological account of the sectional conflict and the beginning of the Civil War. Emerging from the tumultuous political events of the 1840s and 1850s, the Civil War was caused by the maturing of the North and South's separate, distinctive forms of social organization and their resulting ideologies. John Ashworth emphasizes factors often overlooked in explanations of the war, including the resistance of slaves in the South and the growth of wage labor in the North. Ashworth acquaints readers with modern writings on the period, providing a new interpretation of the American Civil War's causes"--
Finnish trade unions and immigrant labor
Politics of ethnic cleansing : nation-state building and provision of in/security in twentieth-century Balkans
American racism : exploration of the nature of prejudice
A history of affirmative action, 1619-2000
Cleaning operations : excluding Roma in Greece
To identify or not to identify? : national disidentification as an alternative reaction to perceived ethnic discrimination
The last war : racism, spirituality, and the future of civilization
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
Passing into the American dream in Jessie Fauset's Plum Bun: a novel without a moral
New geographies of race and racism
"The Republic in Crisis, 1848-1861 meticulously analyzes the political climate in the years leading up to the Civil War and the causes of that conflict"--
Immigrants out! : the new nativism and the anti-immigrant impulse in the United States
White man, black war
Social inequalities in comparative perspective
Talking manjo : linguistic repertoires as means of negotiating marginalization
Inequality : classic readings in race, class, and gender
Taking it personally : racism in the classroom from kindergarten to college
Ethnic discrimination in working life : immigrants' experiences
Complying with colonialism : gender, race and ethnicity in the Nordic region
A stranger in my homeland : the politics of belonging among young people with Kurdish backgrounds in Sweden
Wild West China : the taming of Xinjiang
Encyclopedia of race and racism. Vol. 3, S-Z, primary sources, index
Writing the Holocaust today : critical perspectives on Jonathan Littell's The Kindly Ones
Ladinos with ladinos, indians with indians : land, labor and regional ethnic conflict in the making of Guatemala
Equal in law, unequal in fact : racial and ethnic discrimination and the legal response thereto in Europe
Botswana and its people
The postnational self : belonging and identity
Ethnic conflict : causes, consequences, and responses
Modernity and the Holocaust
Essays on the behavioral economics of discrimination
Race, equity, and the learning environment : the global relevance of critical and inclusive pedagogies in higher education
Immigrants on discrimination. 2
Culture, identity and politics : ethnic minorities in Britain
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Varieties of right-wing extremism in Europe
Nation-states and xenopohpbias : in the ruins of former Yugoslavia
The new East End : kinship, race and conflict
We talk, you listen : new tribes, new turf
Zainichi (Koreans in Japan) : diasporic nationalism and postcolonial identity
March. Book three
Racism is a common occurrence for members of marginalized groups around the world. Getting Respect illuminates their experiences by comparing three countries with enduring group boundaries: the United States, Brazil and Israel. The authors delve into what kinds of stigmatizing or discriminatory incidents individuals encounter in each country, how they respond to these occurrences, and what they view as the best strategy--whether individually, collectively, through confrontation, or through self-improvement--for dealing with such events. This deeply collaborative and integrated study draws on more than four hundred in-depth interviews with middle- and working-class men and women residing in and around multiethnic cities--New York City, Rio de Janeiro, and Tel Aviv--to compare the discriminatory experiences of African Americans, black Brazilians, and Arab Palestinian citizens of Israel, as well as Israeli Ethiopian Jews and Mizrahi (Sephardic) Jews. Detailed analysis reveals significant differences in group behavior: Arab Palestinians frequently remain silent due to resignation and cynicism while black Brazilians see more stigmatization by class than by race, and African Americans confront situations with less hesitation than do Ethiopian Jews and Mizrahim, who tend to downplay their exclusion. The authors account for these patterns by considering the extent to which each group is actually a group, the sociohistorical context of intergroup conflict, and the national ideologies and other cultural repertoires that group members rely on. Getting Respect is a rich and daring book that opens many new perspectives into, and sets a new global agenda for, the comparative analysis of race and ethnicity.
Class and colour in South Africa 1850-1950
Activities in ..
Talking and taking positions : an encounter between action research and the gendered and racialised discourses of school science
Perveiced ethnic discrimination at work and well-being immigrants in Finland : the moderating role of employment status and work-specific group-level control beliefs
"In Russia, we had it differently" : experiences among Russian-speaking employees of interaction in Finnish workplaces
Getting respect : responding to stigma and discrimination in the United States, Brazil, and Israel
Experiences of ethnic and racial discrimination in Finland : a presentation of NEON material, 1998-1999
Diaspora at home? : wartime mobilities in the Burkina Faso-Côte d'Ivoire transnational space
Race, culture, and identities in second language education : exploring critically engaged practice
Advisory services against ethnic discrimination in municipalities
Dalit : the black untouchables of India
Myths of harmony : race and republicanism during the age of revolution, Colombia 1795-1831
Islam and Dhimmitude : where civilizations collide
Race code : the artistic and design process of the media art installation
Race, ethnicity and difference : imagining the inclusive society
March. Book one
Preventing prejudice : a guide for counselors, educators, and parents
Publications of the Ombudsman for Minorities
