http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6123 hymnology
hymnology
Singing the Lord's song in a strange land : hymnody in the history of North American Protestantism
The earliest Christian hymnbook : the Odes of Solomon
Byzantium and the North : Acta Byzantina Fennica. Vol. 8
Summary.
Peter Abelard on imagery : theory and practice with special reference to his hymns
Worship wars in early Lutheranism : choir, congregation, and three centuries of conflict
The English hymn : a critical and historical study
Abstract.
Earworms and other wonders : the first 300 years of the finnish hymnal
Sing with understanding : an introduction to Christian hymnology
Motifs from Genesis 1-11 in the genuine hymns of Ephrem the Syrian with particular reference to the influence of Jewish exegetical tradition
Hymnal companion to the Lutheran Book of worship
Sacred songs : studies in Byzantine hymnography
Praising the God of grace : the theology of Charles Wesley's hymns : participant
The Colossian hymn in context : an exegesis in light of Jewish and Greco-Roman hymnic and epistolary conventions
Handbook to the Church hymnary
The Hungarian Evangelical Good Friday Passion Worship in the Light of Lutheran Liturgical Tradition
The eighty-four hymns of Hita Harivamśa : an edition of the Caurāsī pada
Studies in Eastern chant. Volume 5
The image of the Virgin Mary in the Akathistos hymn
"Mint az folyó víz mellett termő szép fa" : Huszár Gál 1560-as énekeskönyve : himnuszok, canticumok és parafrázisok = "Tree planted by streams of water" : the hymnal of Gallus Huszár of 1560 : hymns, canticles and paraphrases
Research on tropes : proceedings of a symposium organized by the Royal Academy of Literature, History and Antiquities and the Corpus Troporum, Stockholm, June 1-3, 1981
Cantate Domino : World's Student Christian Federation hymnal
Praises resound! : A collection of hymns by Svein Ellingsen : Music by contemporary Norwegian composers
The articles of this compilation are based on a selection of conference papers and presentations held in the international hymnological conference Hymn Song Society in October 2014 in Espoo, Finland. The conference was organized as a co-operation of an academic research project of hymns and spiritual songs conducted in Finland and the Nordic Hymnological Research Network. In the Finnish research project, a special emphasis was placed on researching the contemporary situation of hymns and songs in society. This viewpoint frames also the contents of this book where the articles are independent, peer reviewed academic studies. Thematically, the book is divided into three sections. The first one deals with the numerous functions and meanings of hymns in the Christian church and society at large. The second section in the book has a focus on hymnals in different national contexts. The third section addresses experiences with spiritual songs, as well as the meanings and influence that spiritual songs have had during the course of life. The themes of the articles cover a wide range over hymnological, musicological and societal topics. The articles deal with both hymns and spiritual songs, their texts, melodies, singers and contexts; their environments varying from the Finnish and Scandinavian countries, and crossing over the Northern European borders as well. The authors are academic researchers and scholars on Church music, Theology, Religious education, History, Social sciences, and Cultural studies.
Praising the God of grace : the theology of Charles Wesley's hymns : Leader
An annotated anthology of hymns
