http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6121 changing residence
changing residence
The desperate diary of a country housewife : a cautionary tale
Amazing animal journeys
Over the last four decades the sociological life course approach with its focus on the interplay of structure and agency over time life course perspective has become an important research perspective in the social sciences. Yet, while it has successfully been applied to almost all fields of social inquiry it is much less used in research studying migrant populations and their integration patterns. This is puzzling since understanding immigrants' integration requires just the kind of dynamic research approach this approach puts forward: any integration theory actually refers to life course processes. This volume shows fruitful cross-linkages between the two research traditions. A range of studies are presented that all apply sociological life course concepts to research on migrants and migrant groups in Europe. The book is organized thematically, indicating different important domains in the life course. Using a wide variety of methodological approaches, it covers both quantitative studies based on population census data and survey material as well as qualitative studies based on interviews. Attention is paid to the life courses of those who migrated themselves as well as their offspring. The studies cover different European countries, relating to one national context or a particular local setting in a city as well as cross-country comparisons. Overall the book shows that applying the sociological life course approach to migration and integration research may advance our understanding of immigrant settlement patterns as well as further develop the life course perspective.
Current ornithology. Vol. 12
A house in Corfu
The article deals with the specificity of initial labour integration for Russian-speaking students who study at the universities of Helsinki, Jyväskylä, Tampere, Turku and Helsinki. The empirical databases from the Finnish Social Science Data Archive (Tampere, 2006) are used as a basis for analysis. The empirical data has been processed using the SPSS 11.0 program. The results, based on mathematical and statistical analysis, allow us to draw conclusions about the existence of several differentiated levels of success in terms of the integration for Russian-speaking immigrants in Finland. As a result, four types of integration have been classified as follows - “well-integrated”, “potentially well-integrated”, “moderately integrated”, and “poorly integrated”. Whereas the first two types of integration are characterized by how successfully the immigrants integrate into the labour market, their language skills and the types of labour they are engaged in, the other two types are characterized by other influencing factors (educational “load,” family ties, secondary labour activity, obstacles to labour activity).
The Skylark
Fat reserves and moult-migration overlap in goldcrests, Regulus regulus - a trade-off?
The railway children
World Universities Congress 2010 : "What should be the new aims and responsibilities of universities within the framework of global issues?"
I want to go home!
The wanderer
Heading south, seeking the north : the issue of illegal migratory fluxes to Italy, and from Italy to northern Europe
Port entries of Finnish nationals to Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 1886-1940
Hadiyaddii Giita = A gift for Gita
Wolf winter
Moving your family overseas
Bird migration
Pearl Power is a feisty five-year-old who believes very strongly in girl and boy equality. Her first adventure sees her moving house and changing school whilst remaining clever, strong and kind. Upon meeting one boy who seems to think that boys are better than girls, she teaches him a lesson in girl power, as well as in kindness.
Migration and periods of rapid industrial development in Finland
A trick of the dark
The Palaearctic-African bird migration systems
Thanks to the Centro de Estudios Migratorios Latinoamericanos (CEMLA) electronic database of Buenos Aires, we have a better understanding of how many Finns migrated to Argentina during 1886-1940. Port entries to Buenos Aires by Finnish nationals during 1886-1940 totalled 916 (the total includes everyone on the lists irrespective if they have been mentioned twice in a few cases), with the lion's share (482) arriving in 1920-1929. Argentina started to be noticed by Finnish immigrants from 1906, when Arthur Thesleff founded with a group of 112 Finns and 6 Swedes a colony in the northeast province of Misiones. Despite greater immigration from Finland during the 1920s, the highest number of Finns arriving to the Port of Buenos Aires in a single year was in 1906, totalling 139 people. A more precise figure, however, would be about 145 (Tessieri 2008, 25, and Tessieri 2009, 13). I would also like to thank and show my apreciation to the Kaarle Hjalmar Lehtinen Foundation of the Institute of Migration for a grant that made this study possible..
Current ornithology. Vol. 7
In real life
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
The village sang to the sea : a memoir of magic
Miss Chopsticks
The role of non-governmental organizations in caring for vulnerable children in Ghana : a case study of youth alive in northern Ghana
East-to-West migration and labour market integration in the Baltic Sea region - history, current trends and potential
While other research has been completed on ethnic return migration to Finland, particularly on Ingrian Finns, very little attention has been paid to the remigration of ethnic Finns born and raised abroad in Western countries, such as the United States, Canada, and other European states. This article takes an exploratory approach and seeks to shed light on why people with Finnish roots born and raised in other Western countries seek to (re)migrate, as well as what they hope and expect of life in Finland. Results from focus group data collected at a Finnish language and culture course suggest that these individuals view their ethnic homeland very positively prior to migration, and consider the (re)migration process as natural or inevitable as a result of having Finnish roots. Participants expected to adapt to life in Finland with ease and discussed the benefits of having Finnish roots as a newcomer in the country..
Lintujen muutto = Bird migrations : Mar-Jun
Student flows and migration : an empirical analysis
From the village to the city : adjustment process of internal migrants in Albania
A life-course perspective on migration and integration
Catching the sun
Pastures new
Why am I an alien in my own country? : communication problems that Finnish higher education level students encounter when returning to their home country
Canakkale Onsekiz Mart University, Turkey 20.-24.10.2010.
The Golden Oriole
Increased internal migration in the beginning of the year 2000.
When she and her family move to Oregon, Maya discovers that the kids in a nearby apartment building perform magic and use portals to visit other worlds, a situation that is complicated by Maya's efforts to safeguard an alien.
Choosing your new home : help for people with learning disability
Redemption song
A "unique culture"? : migration, nostalgia, alcoholism, suicide and religious revival in Finland
Campari for breakfast
Bird migration : a general survey
Living abroad in Spain
Coping styles and adaptation of finnish repatriates : a study of internationally employed finns
Despite the vast research on Finnish emigration, little is known about Finns' emigration to Poland. The present study contributes to the underdeveloped areas of study on Finnish expatriation to the Slavic countries. Regardless of Poland's difficult history, or economic and cultural differences, more than 200 Finns have decided to settle in Poland. The number is even bigger when counting temporary immigrants. The study concentrates on some of the historical perspectives, as well as on contemporary analysis through qualitative interviews with 31 Finns living in Poland. Respondents were asked mainly about their reasons for migrating and attitude toward Poland as the destination country. Detailed investigation into the social cohesion of the Finnish minority in Poland is needed. Especially important is further study to determine the post-accession trends in Finnish migration to Poland, especially in the context of the first census since 2002..
Violet Mackerel's personal space
Ghosts
Gita'nin hediyesi = A gift for Gita
Gita ke li'e ek tuhfat = A gift for Gita
Dancing in the dark. My struggle book 4
Men from the boys
Spotted pigs and green tomatoes : a year in the life of our farm
Dream a little dream
Migration in globalized sport : Finnish ice hockey players in Russia
A charmed life
Finnish migrants in Germany : identities positions, representations
This paper presents some of the key results of the INPRES (“Intervening at the pre-migration stage: Providing tools for promoting integration and adaptation”) research project concerning identity and integration of Ingrian Finns migrating from Russia to Finland. Conducted at the University of Helsinki between 2008 and 2011, the aim of the research project was to investigate the factors involved in these migrants' integration processes over the course of the migration process, starting before they move to Finland. The project also aimed to provide researchbased tools to promote integration and positive intergroup relations. In this paper, we discuss our findings that concern the complexity of identities and how they are constructed and change based on context. The role of identities in the formation of acculturation orientations, and anticipated and actual intergroup relations are also discussed. The results presented are derived from our most recent INPRES publications and ongoing work..
Living abroad in Italy
British birds
Global processes, local strategies : migration of educated Dominicans
Builders of a New Europe : women immigrants from the Eastern Trans-regions
Thailand-Burma border : history and current issues
Insider's guide to relocation
One wish
Climate strategy study for Pori region
If I was your girl
Where's Jamela?
Seasonal adaptations of insects
Pea's book of best friends
Migration-development nexus in the Malawian health sector : European Union blue card -circular migration for development?
Nathalia Buttface and the most embarrassing dad in the world
Changes in the distribution of population in Finland over the period 1970-1998 are examined in terms of a co-ordinate system of 1 x 1 km grid cells. The results indicate that this system provides suitable areal units for a variety of statistical and GIS methods aimed at describing and explaining the spatial distribution of population. The system is capable of yielding more detailed information than heretofore on topics such as the concentration of population in the urban centres of Finland - a process that has been going on since the beginning of the last century, but has slowed down noticeably in the recent years.
The Puppy Express : on the road with 25 dogs ... what could go wrong?
Finnforum V in Canada
Don't. Trust. Anyone. It was supposed to be a fresh start. A chance to forget the past and embrace the future. But can you ever really start again? Or does the past follow you wherever you go...
Labour migration and wages
Internal migration and regional population dynamics in 1980s and 1990s in Finland
From a corner of a barrack to an international research institute : 25th anniversary celebrations of the Institute of Migration, Sibelius Museum, 19 November 1999.
Life beyond the camp : rethinking return, reconstruction and women's expression of lived experiences in Northern Uganda
Helsinki and Finland attract people [pääkirjoitus]
Human migration and its effects on regional development : from global to local
Some aspects to families in a multicultural world
Two distinct groups of EU immigrants in coastal Turkey
Challenges and development of elite sport in Nigeria : a case study of football migration
The migration of butterflies
The snow globe
The affairs of others
Zip's Apollo
Push and pull migration : a systems approach revisited in a contemporary context
The article is the summary of a Master's thesis submitted in 2014 at the European-University Viadrina Frankfurt (Oder). Its research question concerns the links between Finnish culture, migration and identity constructions. To understand this adequately, the concept of daily identity work was applied. The participants were Finnish migrants living in Germany for several decades. The data was collected with a method mix consisting of narrative interviews and a participatory visual method based in photovoice. The results were presented in the depicting of different practices and material belongings that function as identity resources in the process of identification with Finnish culture. Many elements from Finnish culture were visible in the selfrepresentations of the participants, even though they at first negated the assumption that Finnish culture played a role in their lives..
Immigration from nothern Finland and Sweden to northern Norway in the 19th century
ESA summer school on "Immigration in Europe" : continied : out of the students' perspectives
The weight of water
Ingrian return migration and the Finnish debate immigration policy
Internalization of migration pressure
Spring migration of the Knot Calidris canutus in southern Finland
Reasons not to move to the country : one woman's calamitous attempt to live the rural dream
Jenny the pony's new friends
Research, the foundation of decision-making
The private life of birds
Fuel and fly: adaptations to endurance exercise in migrating birds
Low Carbon Life
International migration flows in the global level
Migration
This essay analyzes preliminary lessons from one of the most recent, and allegedly, better designed seasonal foreign worker admissions - New Zealand's Recognized Seasonal Employer Program RSE. Drawing on the existing literature and official program documentation, the essay highlights the policy's achievements and challenges. It suggests that the policy appears to have had more positive impacts on the development of the relatively developed countries, because of their better ability to steer worker recruitment and investment of newly acquired skills and monies. When designing seasonal worker admissions to Europe, European policymakers should be aware of the fact that if included in the program migrants from the most economically, socially and geographically distant countries of origin may find it more difficult to benefit from the program and therefore either forgo it or use it as a stepping stone to permanent migration..
Development and migration movements in Africa
Preliminary population statistics
Migration in the Caribbean area
Body mass, wing length and spring arrival of the Ortolan Bunting Emberiza hortulana
Amanda Hardy only wants to fit in at her new school, but she is keeping a big secret, so when she falls for Grant, guarded Amanda finds herself yearning to share with him everything about herself, including her previous life as Andrew.
The demographic background of post-war migration trends in Estonia
Everwood. 1 : first impressions
Residential tourism : (de)constructing paradise
By the light of the moon
Insect flight : dispersal and migration
Living abroad in Japan
Who am i : reconstructing cultural identity upon reentry
Essays on migration
Current ornithology. Vol. 6
A place to call home
Atlas of Nearctic shorebirds on the coast of Mexico
On human capital formation with exit options : comment and new results
Climate change effects on avian migration
Letting it go
Finnish trade unions and immigrant labor
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 3, The perfect resette
Dear Vampa
Self-selection and earnings of emigrants from a welfare state
The Mediterranean and the Aegean coastal zone of Turkey has emerged as a new destination for lifestyle migrants from Northern Europe in the recent years. This article aims at drawing attention to the recent migration flow of EU citizens to Turkey in case of Marmaris - a tourism town located on the Turkish Riviera. The differences of EU citizens who settled in Marmaris are studied by considering their retirement status. The retired and non-retired EU citizens are compared as to their socio-economic and demographic characteristics, pull and push factors in their migration process, perceived problems in Turkey and intention to return. The research was conducted in 2008 and 2009. 131 participants are EU citizens who spend at least three months in a year in Marmaris. Both qualitative and quantitative methods were employed during the research. The factors that cause the migration of the Europeans towards Marmaris are similar with other destination countries along the Mediterranean as well as the other destinations in Turkey however the retired and the non-retired groups in Marmaris differ from each other in aspect of some characteristics..
Hadiyah li-Jita = A gift for Gita
Between East and West : migration in the enlarging European Union
The other child
The best exotic Marigold Hotel
The Institute of Migration 1974-1994
Differential migration in raptors
Global migration patterns : migration pressure increasing towards developing countries
Linguistic resources in transition : a case study of Finnish people in Belgium
Animal migration : remarkable journeys by air, land and sea
Opening welcome at the 25th anniversary celebrations of the Institute of Migration, 19 November 1999 by professor Olavi Granö
Life strategy of Finnish pine grosbeaks Pinicola enucleator
Georeferenced data as a tool for monitoring the concentration of population in Finland in 1970-1998
Victim without a face
During the past 30 years migration trends in most European countries have revealed some signs of deconcentration. The aim of this paper is to analyse the reasons of such deconcentration. For that purpose we will give an overview of literature on reasons of migration turnaround and provide a deeper case analysis of one country - Estonia. In Estonia internal migration ? rst turned in favour of rural areas in 1983. The trends of deconcentration continued and rural population increased at the expense of urban population at least until the end of the 1990s. The Retrospective Estonian Living Conditions Survey of 1999 is used to analyze the possible changes in reasons for migration turnaround. That survey provides a unique opportunity for comparing reasons of migration during periods of concentration and deconcentration. In the empirical part of this paper deconcentration will be de? ned as an out? ow of population from administrative town borders into rural areas. We will not distinguish between particular types of deconcentration for practical reasons of data limitation. We are particularly interested in migration because migration seems to be the most important factor contributing to quick population changes.  .
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
Build a new life : by creating your dream home
Catrina and her family have moved to the coast of Northern California for the sake of her little sister, Maya, who has cystic fibrosis--and Cat is even less happy about the move when she is told that her new town is inhabited by ghosts, and Maya sets her heart on meeting one / WolrdCat.
The Migration of Birds : T.A. Coward
Finnish yearbook of population research 2007-2008.. 43
International Youth Day, August 12th, 2013 : moving development forward
A crowded marriage
Reasons for Migration Reverse in Estonia
Listening for Lucca
Pearl power
Climate change and migration
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
The moving experience : a practical guide to psychological survival
Flight and migration strategies of birds at polar latitudes
Investigation of the immigration of Ingrian Finns [pääkirjoitus]
The big picture : a novel
Gatherings of angels : migrating birds and their ecology
Ice in the jungle
No passanger beyond this point
The runaway chair
Moving library collections : a management handbook
Motivations and expectations of potential ethnic return migrants from Western countries to Finland
What have been the early outcomes of New Zealand's seasonal foreign worker admissions?
An analysis of the spring migration of the common scoter and the long-tailed duck in southern Finland
Bioenergetics and nutrition of Mississippi Valley population Canada geese during winter and migration
Bird navigation
This article provides an overview on the contemporary literature on the push and pull factors of international migration, particularly on that from countries in transition to advanced welfare states. The article stresses the importance of the economic factor in the country of destination. This suggests that pull factors are often more signifi cant than push factors, in contemporary international migration..
A house in Fez : building a life in the ancient heart of Morocco
Copenhagen and Beyond  : An Assessment Based on Three Different Approaches to a Post-2012 Climate Framework
Migration in Japan
Reasons for internal migration in Estonia 1989-2000
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 2 : Ice queen and the Spring storm
Firelight
Foreign players in the Finnish football league 1970-2010
Constructing containment : a critical analysis of the framing of trafficking in human beings in European Parliament discourse
The big hairy secret
Identities and integration in the context of ethnic migration : a longitudinal, multi-pronged approach to studying Ingrian-Finnish migrants
Migration and survival of the birds of Asia
The terrible two
Transaction costs under the Finnish CDM/JI Pilot Programme
Olga moves house
Spring migration in the western Mediterranean and NW Africa : the results of 16 years of the Piccole Isole project
The sea of tranquility : a novel
Moominpappa at sea
Love may fail
Public education in an integrated Europe : studying to migrate and teaching to stay?
Wonders of migration
Initial labour integration of Russian-speaking students in Finland
Thresholds
The chaos of stars
The tenderloin
Stopover ecology of Nearctic-Neotropical landbird migrants : habitat relations and conservation implications
The best exotic marigold hotel
Iron winter
Quite often the debate over immigrants in various EU countries occupies a central space in public opinion, especially when it comes to the issue of illegal migration, which at the same time constitutes one of the major challenges for the governments of these countries. However, the so-called “gateway countries” occupy a crucial position in this debate since they have continuously faced critical situations with respect to illegal migratory fluxes during the last 10 years. One of these countries is Italy, an industrial giant with one of the largest labour markets in the EU..
Man at the helm : a novel
Public education in a integrated Europe : studying to migrate and teaching to stay
Liminal belonging : West African male asylum seekers' narratives of the asylum experience whilst in Finland
Finns in Poland : a contemporary analysis
Free movement in Europe : past and present
Migration hotspots : the world's best bird migration sites
Fifteen-year-old math prodigy Seth Gordon hopes to compete professionally playing Starfare, the world's most popular computer game, but when he gets the chance to move to Korea and train full-time, he may not be ready for the culture shock and leaving his possible girlfriend, Hannah
Swedish Finns in the world today
Social security incentives, human capital investment and mobility of labor
The expert expatriate : your guide to successful relocation abroad : moving, living, thriving
Nestled on the Oregon coast is a small town of rocky beaches and rugged charm. Locals love the land's unspoiled beauty. Developers see it as a potential gold mine. When newcomer Hank Cooper learns he's been left an old friend's entire beachfront property, he finds himself with a community's destiny in his hands. Cooper has never been a man to settle in one place, and Thunder Point was supposed to be just another quick stop. But Cooper finds himself getting involved with the town. And with Sarah Dupre, a woman as complicated as she is beautiful
Patch selection, conflicting activities and patterns of migration in birds
Investigation on the relocation and backshoring strategies of french manufacturing companies
Migration and the city : social cohesion and integration policies
The effect of education on migration : evidence from school reform
Enchanted
Rumour has it
Katz and Rapoport (2005) conclude that with linear production technology and the possibility of unilateral migration, regionspecific shocks may increase the average level of education. Previously, Poutvaara (2000) derived a corresponding result with Cobb-Douglas technology and migration which may go in both directions. This paper shows that the exit option may reduce human capital formation with a quadratic production technology.
Southern lights
Polly
Family life
When my parents forgot how to be friends
