http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6132 protective devices
protective devices
The ability to forget, or be forgotten, has played an important part in human society, allowing for changed minds, second chances & overlooked embarrassments. Digital technology, with its inexhaustible memory, threatens one of the most important social conventions: the past is past. This book explores the issues.
"This book investigates the technology of ubiquitous computing, emerging applications and services, and social issues vital for the successful deployment of a ubiquitous computing application. Providing high quality, authoritative content on such topics as device design, wireless communication, location sensing, privacy concerns, attention focus, multi-person interaction, and direct interaction, work patterns, it is a must-have in library collections"--Provided by publisher.
A holistic look at the vast landscape of Internetsecurity-past, present, and futureA major attack on the Internet could wreak havoc onsociety-bringing down telephony, banking, business,government, media, and the energy grid. This book addresses thegrowing threats to the Internet from different sources, offeringin-depth guidance on how to combat them on both desktop and mobileplatforms.Edited by a specialist in holistic security with contributionsfrom experts in industry and academia, The Death of theInternet presents a unique, cross-disciplinary approach toInternet security. It goes beyond computer science to explore itssocial and psychological components, discussing politicallymotivated attacks, human error, and criminal tendencies. Geared tonon-technical readers and experts alike, the book clearly explainsthe general concepts of Internet security for managers anddecision-makers and provides engineers and industry professionalswith detailed instructions on how to develop effective designs withsecurity in mind. The Death of the Internet:. Covers topics of Internet security, online fraud, phishing, andmalware. Explores the growing need for dedicated smartphone Internetsecurity. Describes how security threats can result in loss of trust andadvertising revenues. Outlines proven countermeasures and explains how to implementthem using real-world examples. Reviews state-of-the-art research and future trends in Internetsecurity.
Counter-terrorism : weapons & equipment
Delete : the virtue of forgetting in the digital age
9th European Seminar on Personal Protective Equipment : 29-31 January 2008 in Spa Hotel Levitunturi, Levi, Kittilä, Finland : seminar report
Tulityöturvallisuus = Safety in hot works. Osa 2 = Part 2, Standardit = Standards
Wireless security and cryptography : specifications and implementations
Selective privacy protection for video surveillance
Fundamentals of business data communications
Discovering computers : complete : your interactive guide to the digital world
Tulityöturvallisuus = Safety in hot works. Osa 2, Standardit = Standards
Hacking for dummies
Android security : attacks and defenses
Mobile device security : a comprehensive guide to securing your information in a moving world
The death of the internet
Open mobile identity : secure identity management and mobile payments using hand-held devices
"Preface xvi Android Security: Attacks and Defenses Audience Our book is targeted at security architects, system administrators, enterprise SDLC managers, developers, white-hat hackers, penetration testers, IT architects, CIOs, students, and regular users. If you want to learn about Android security features, possible attacks and means to prevent them, you will find various chapters in this book as a useful starting point. Our goal is to provide readers with enough information so that they can quickly get up and running on Android, with all of the basics of the Android platform and related security issues under their belts. If you are an Android hacker, or if you are very well versed in security concerns of the platform, this book is not for you. Support Errata and support for this book are available on the CRC Press website and on our site: www.androidinsecurity.com. Our site will also have downloads for applications and tools created by the user. Sample applications created by the authors are available on our website under the Resource section. Readers should download apk files from our website and use them in conjunction with the text, wherever needed. Username: android Password: ISBN-10 number of the book--1439896461 Structure Our book is divided into 10 chapters. Chapter 1 provides an introduction to the mobile landscape. Chapters 2 and 3 introduce the reader to the Android OS and application architecture, respectively. Chapter 4 delves into Android security features. Chapters 5 through 9 cover various aspects of security for the Android platform and applications. The last chapter looks at the future landscape of threats. Appendixes A and B (found towards the end of the book) talk about the severity ratings of"--
Technologies in mobile terminals enabling ubiquitous services
Spatial data on the Web : modeling and management
Understanding surveillance technologies : Spy devices, privacy, history & applications
In to the Avanto : designing a wireless infrared heating system for cold water diving
Smart phone and next-generation mobile computing
In search for Avanto : a collection for the cold-water scuba divers with an infrared heating system
Mobile device security for dummies
Secure communications : applications and management
The history of information security : a comprehensive handbook
The optical properties of automatically darkening welding filters based on liquid crystal technology
Handbook of loss prevention and crime prevention
Usable privacy preservation in mobile electronic personality
Pervasive computing : 6th international conference, Pervasive 2008, Sydney, Australia, May 19-22, 2008 : proceedings
Advances in ubiquitous computing : future paradigms and directions
Tulityöturvallisuus. Osa 2: Standardit : Safety in hot works. Part 2: Standards
The mobile application hacker's handbook
Mobile interfaces in public spaces : locational privacy, control, and urban sociability
Introduction to surveillance studies
Discovering computers : student success guide
Security awareness : applying practical security in your world
