http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6138 social development (psychology)
social development (psychology)
Socioeconomic Change and Democratization in Mexico
Living the urban challenge : sustainable development and social sustainability in two southern megacities
The place of conventional economics in a world with communities and social goods
I was s potato oligarch : travels & travails in the new Russia
Human growth and development
The entrepreneurial linguist : the business-school approach to freelance translation
Digital Innovation Playbook : creating a transformative customer experience
How to construct ecologically and socially sustainable urban environments? : a literature review on climate change, runoff waters and land-use impacts in urban environments : vulnerability assessment of ecosystem services for climate change impacts and adaptation, action 6 : assessment of climate change and land use impacts in urban environments (short name Urban Environments)
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of infant development. Volume 2, Applied and policy issues
Children of chaos >* : [surviving the end of the world as we know it]
Who develops who? : social sustainability in the poverty reduction strategies of Nepal
Tourism : change, impacts and opportunities
The marketing century : how marketing drives business and shapes society : The Chartered Institute of Marketing
Value development among Finnish schoolboys
Informe de la reunión consultiva regional de América Latina y el Caribe sobre proteger la pesca sostenible en pequeña escala : unificación de la pesca responsable y el desarrollo social, San José, Costa Rica, 20-22 de octubre de 2010 = Report of the Latin America and Caribbean regional consultative meeting on securing sustainable small-scale fisheries: bringing together responsible fisheries and social development, San José, Costa Rica, 20-22 October 2010.
Eco-fashion, a trend or commercially sustainable future?
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
The careerist : over 100 ways to get ahead at work
Social resilience and civic entrepreneurship in self-help organizations : case study of the Kibera slum project
Identity shift : where identity meets technology in the networked-community age
Deaf around the world : the impact of language
Cognition and social worlds
The millennium development goals report 2012
The self-perpetuating nature of children's peer relationships
Blackwell handbook of infant development
Perceptions and realities: public opinion on forests and forestry in Finland, 1993-2012
Report of the Africa regional consultative meeting on securing sustainable small-scale fisheries : bringing together responsible fisheries and social development, Maputo, Mozmabique, 12-14 October = Rapport de L'atelier consultatif Régional Africain sur les pêches artisanales pour une pêche artisanale durable: associer la pêche responsable au développement social, Maputo, Mozambique, 12-14 octobre 2010.
The social adjustment of children : manual to the Bristol social adjustment guides
Early social cognition in three cultural contexts
Rethinking Social Evolution : The Perspective from Middle-Range Societies
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
Intergenerational transmission of trauma : effects of parental war trauma on children's mental health and social development
Tourism: Change, Impacts and Opportunities provides a comprehensive and balanced discussion of the impacts of tourism. The authors address the nature of tourism and tourists and the economic, physical and social impact that can result from their activity. New approaches to impact assessment are also considered. A wide range of examples from developed and developing countries illustrate the points raised in the text. This timely and perceptive book is essential reading for anyone involved in tourism planning or development and is also suitable for students of geography, planning, economics and sociology.
A multi-stakeholder perspective on sustainable marketing : studying business-society relations through action research
Behind the myth of European Union : prospects for cohesion
Life at the bottom : the worldview that makes the underclass
The world of grown-ups : children's conceptions of society
Globalization and the African experience
Socioemotional development and health from adolescence to adulthood
Domestic resource mobilization by social movement organizations in Latin America : a case study of the Abrinq Foundation for children rights of Brazil
"A guide for librarians to develop a new relationship with technology that preserves the core mission of libraries while responding to the needs of a new generation of library clients"--Page xxii.
The developmental logic of social systems
China's economic, environmental and social development in crossfire : province-specific analysis of China's ecological modernization and sustainability
World economic and social survey ... : trends and policies in the world economy
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Collective creativity for resbonsible and sustainable business practice
This volume considers the timely issues of social and sustainable entrepreneurship. The chapters consider in depth the issues, problems, contexts, and processes that make entrepreneurial enterprises more social and/or sustainable. Top researchers from a diverse set of perspectives have contributed their latest research on a variety of topics such as the role of entrepreneurial bricolage in generating innovations in a social context (Gundry, Kickul, Griffins, and Bacq) and emerging themes in social entrepreneurship education (Thiru). Several chapters tackle lingering definitional issues such as the distinctions between social, sustainable, and environmental entrepreneurship (Dean, Sarason, and Neenan), or propose social entrepreneurship research agendas based on key research questions found in prior studies (Gras, Mosakowski, and Lumpkin). There are brief histories of social change and their entrepreneurial implications (Kucher and Summers), and frameworks for studying different types of social and sustainable entrepreneurship (Lichtenstein). Each of the chapters, in its own way, addresses the progress and promise of social and sustainable entrepreneurship as a future research domain of growing interest and importance.
Scholarly communications : a history from content as king to content as kingmaker
World economic and social survey 1998 : trends and policies in the world economy
Politics of development in the Barents region
Games to enhance social and emotional skills : sixty-six games that teach children, adolescents, and adults skills crucial to success in life
Organized knowledge : a sociological view of science and technology
Among peers : on the meaning of peers in the process of socialization
Peer groups and children's development
The growth of sociability
Could a cooperation network between Finnish universities advance adoption and success of Green Office environmental management system?
Future of Value : how sustainability creates value through competitive differentiation
Social change and history : aspects of the Western theory of development
Children's childhoods : observed and experienced
Theoretical aspects of play and socialization
World economic and social survey ... : current trends and policies in the world economy
Key indicators of child and youth well-being : completing the picture
The development of children
This book asserts the relevance of mainstream anthropology to development processes and recognizes that contemporary development should be anthropology's principal area of study. It argues for a socio-anthropology of change and development that is a deeply empirical, multidimensional, diachronic study of social groups and their interactions. It provides a thought-provoking examination of the new approaches that have emerged in anthropology since the 1990s. It assesses the complexity of social change and development, and how socio-anthropology can tackle this complexity. It examines some of the key variables in the development process, including relations of production; the logics of social action; the nature of knowledge; forms of mediation; and 'political' strategies. Much of the empirical material is drawn from Africa
Personality development
"Peer Groups and Children's Development" considers the experiences of school aged children with their peer groups and its implications for their social, personal and intellectual development. This book: focuses on the peer group experiences of children attending school in Western societies, from five years of age through to adolescence; considers peer groups in classrooms, friendships made within and outside of school, and the groups that children participate in for extra curricular activities; and, includes a final summary which brings together the significant implications for theory, policy and practice. This book is unique in that no other volume reviews and integrates literature relating to peer groups in both classroom and out of class settings. It addresses the research interests of psychologists and educationalists, as well as the practical concerns of teachers, parents, counselors, and policy makers.
Polska 2000. : social development of Poland in prognostics works
Human societies are characterized by complex and varied social systems that change through time due to communication and negotiation. Jerome Rousseau makes cognitive complexity his starting point in an innovative study of how and why human societies evolve. The focus of Rousseau's enquiry is "middle-range" societies - a vast category between hunter-gatherers and states. Breaking away from traditional analyses of social evolution as a response to ecological constraints, he shows that social systems are maintained and transformed through self-interest and suggests that conflicts about sharing generate social transformations that result in inequality and increasingly encompassing socio-political structures. "Rethinking Social Evolution" is a wide-ranging exploration of how language and increased cognitive abilities constitute the motor of social evolution. Drawing on a wide range of ethnographic case studies, Rousseau offers a better understanding of how modern societies are the result of choices by people who both collaborate and compete.
The patron-driven library : a practical guide for managing collections and services in the digital age
New media, old news : journalism & democracy in the digital age
Social learning in environmental management : towards a sustainable future
A general theory of emotions and social life
Social and emotional challenges encountered in the beginning of school
Sustainable development : case: energy production in Namibia
Introvert power : why your inner life is your hidden strength
The 7 habits of highly effective people : restoring the character ethics
Ethical point of view in design
When India became independent in 1947 after two centuries of colonial rule, it immediately adopted a firmly democratic political system, with multiple parties, freedom of speech, and extensive political rights. Maintaining rapid as well as environmentally sustainable growth remains an important and achievable goal for India. Two of India's leading economists argue that the country's main problems lie in the lack of attention paid to the essential needs of the people, especially of the poor, and often of women. In the long run, even the feasibility of high economic growth is threatened by the underdevelopment of social and physical infrastructure and the neglect of human capabilities.
Variability in the social construction of the child
The 8th habit : from effectiveness to greatness
From three to thirteen : Socialization and achievement in school
Sport education in physical education : research based practice
Spaces of wellbeing : what is so special about special needs art studios?
Double standard : social policy in Europe and the United States
Sociology of childhood
National policies that connect ICT-based education reform to economic and social development
Social indicators of development
The archaeology of human ancestry : power, sex and tradition
The current international financial system has created a huge gap between the wealthy and the rest. Grounded and straightforward in his approach, Brahm calls for a turn away from economic systems dangerously steeped in ideology and stymied by politics, outlining a new global consensus based on pragmatism, common sense, and grass-roots realities.
The hidden costs of reward : new perspectives on the psychology of human motivation
Tourism as a socially sustainable tool for rural development - Case: Mutianyu village, China
Creating capabilities : the human development approach
CouchSurfing - a choice for travellers
"My SocioWorld" : an optimized application for mobile social networking
Sustainable protein production and consumption : pigs or peas?
Back to the roots : a new social policy agenda for the welfare of the elderly in rural Tanzania :  the case of Bukoba district
A Strangeness in my mind
Social training from childhood to maturity
Radical approaches to social skills training
The story of a new name
Issues in childhood social development
The Chinese people stand up
The economic and social situation of the Community. 1993
Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign : fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change
Attainment and reflection : the role of social capital and regrets in developmental regulation
Young children's personal, social and emotional development
"Danwei shehui" de zhongjie : Dongbei lao gongye jidi "dianxing danweizhi" beijing xia de shequ jianshe = The terminnation of the unit society : the community construction under "typical state-unit system" of northeastern old industrial bases
This collection of critical essays, originally published in "Pragmatics and Society" 1:2 (2010), discusses how normative biases that shape our relation to the world are constructed through discursive practice in media discourse. The intertextual perspective it adopts is crucial for our understanding of how media representations of speakers and languages shape many of our preconceptions of others. Mediatization is inherently intertextual; the very nature of this process involves extracting the speech behavior of particular speakers or groups from a highly specific context and refracting and reshaping it to be inserted in another stream of representation. The notion of intertextuality becomes a useful concept for the linguistic anthropological study of media discourse in the context of modernity, as it provides us with a tool for exploring the semiotic processes that underlie the way in which the media negotiate and reinscribe the complex relationships of identity that characterize late modern subjecthood.
Children of social worlds : development in a social context
Social development : history, theory, and research
Sociology of Discourse takes the perspective that collective actors like social movements are capable of creating social change from below by creating new institutions through alternative discourses. Institutionalization becomes a process of moving away from existing institutions towards creating new ones. While discourses entail openness and enable the questioning of what is instituted, institutions offer continuity and stability to social mobilizations. This dual movement of openness and stabilization explains how social struggles ensure their continuity, without completely assuming the logic of the dominant order. The book proposes an analytical model of social change, which is unfolded through three intertwined areas: discourse, communication, and institution. Collective experiences of social change, from the anti-globalization movement to Occupy, illustrate the main theoretical points and concepts. Through the example of the Platform for People Affected by Mortgages, the book concludes by analyzing how social change from below is possible.
Childhood as a social phenomenon : national report. England and Wales
Becoming a person
Friendship in childhood and adolescence
Approaches to moral development : new research and emerging themes
Understanding children's development in the early years : questions practitioners frequently ask
Social Media in the Enterprise : Modern tool for the new product development process
"In the current monograph, we report on a series of eight studies in which we systematically assessed the social-cognitive skills of 1- to 3-year-old children in three diverse cultural settings. One group of children was from a Western, middle-class cultural setting in rural Canada and the other two groups were from traditional, small-scale cultural settings in rural Peru and India. In the first group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's most basic social-cognitive skills for understanding the intentions and attention of others: imitation, helping, gaze following, and communicative pointing. Children's performance in these tasks was mostly similar across cultural settings. In a second group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's skills in participating in interactive episodes of collaboration and joint attention.... In the final pair of studies, we assessed 2- to 3-year old children's skills within two symbolic system (pretense and pictorial)."--Abstract.
Sustainability assessment of forest resources - tools for a problem-orientated approach
Education for human and social development in Brazil
Developing social competency in adolescence
Social and sustainable entrepreneurship
Antecedents and consequences of long-term unemployment
Fusion economics : how pragmatism is changing the world
The zones of proximal development in children's play
Technical artefacts : an ontological investigation of technology
Peer interaction of young children
Evolution and culture
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Summary.
Those who leave and those who stay
Natural brilliance : overcome any challenge..at will
Social competence in children
In fairness to children : working for social justice in the primary school
The handbook of solitude : psychological perspectives on social isolation, social withdrawal, and being alone
Social construction of gender in children's worlds : papers from a seminar, January 1994
Corporate Social Responsibility Implementation by Vietnamese Enterprises : case: Vinamilk Corp. & Kinh Do Corp.
Territory, authority, rights : from medieval to global assemblages
Recent trends in social learning theory
Social innovation : solutions for a sustainable future
Sustainable development : the key to competitiveness CSR as an added value to Alstom's corporate performance
Socialization : the social learning theory approach
Social development in youth : structure and content
Stimulation of social development in school : research with particular reference to pupils aged 4-12 : a report of the European contact workshop held at the University of Nijmegen November 29 - December 3, 1976 under the auspices of the Council of Europe
Social media in business-to-business companies' innovation
Developing a social responsibility framework for Hotel Yöpuu Jyväskylä
The SAGE handbook of international social work
Development cooperation projects - on the road towards social organisational capital : case study: Latvia
Integrating place-specific social values into forest planning : case of UPM-Kymmene forests in Hyrynsalmi, Finland
Rethinking development : in search of humane alternatives
Big picture economics : how to navigate the new global economy
Corporate responsibility and regional development
The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Childhood Social Development, Second Edition presents an authoritative and up-to-date overview of research and theory concerning a child's social development from pre-school age to the onset of adolescence. * Presents the most up-to-date research and theories on childhood social development * Features chapters by an international cast of leaders in their fields * Includes comprehensive coverage of a range of disciplinary perspectives * Offers all new chapters on children and the environment, cultural influences, history of childhood, interventions, and neuro-psychological perspectives * Represents an essential resource for students and researchers of childhood social development.
Studying the social worlds of children : sociological readings
Pedagogical correction of the first-formers school adaptation : summary of doctoral dissertation, social sciences, educology (07S) = Pirmosius klasės mokinių adaptacijos mokykloje pedagoginis koregavimas : daktaro disertacijos santrauka, socialiniai mokslai, edukologija (07S)
Pornography at different steges of girls psycho-social development : context, subject and changing meanings
Everyday cognition : its development in social context
Face and gaze processing in children with autism
Readings in human socialization
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of childhood social development
Prehistoric hunter-gatherers : the emergence of cultural complexity
Mutual aid : a factor of evolution
The role of emotions in social and personality development : history, theory, and research
The economic and social situation of the community. 1992
Anthropology and development : understanding contemporary social change
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
This reference work offers a comprehensive compilation of current psychological research related to the construct of solitude Explores numerous psychological perspectives on solitude, including those from developmental, neuropsychological, social, personality, and clinical psychology Examines different developmental periods across the lifespan, and across a broad range of contexts, including natural environments, college campuses, relationships, meditation, and cyberspace Includes contributions from the leading international experts in the field Covers concepts and theoretical approaches, empirical research, as well as clinical applications.
Social and personality development : essays on the growth of the child
Social change and history : aspects of the western theory of development
Children's social behavior : development, assessment, and modification
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Childhood as a social phenomenon : lessons from an international project : international conference, Billund, Denmark, 24-26 September 1992
Tourism impacts, planning and management
℗Social Innovation is becoming an increasingly important topic in our global society. Those organizations which are able to develop business solutions to the most urgent social and ecological challenges will be the leading companies of tomorrow. Social Innovation not only creates value for society but will be a key driver for business success. Although the concept of Social Innovation is discussed globally the meaning and its impact on the development of new business strategies is still heavily on debate. This publication has the goal to give a comprehensive overview of different concepts in t.
The great degeneration : how institutions decay and economies die
Abstract: Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign : fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change. This paper is a research performed for finding solutions to increase the amount of waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea. The paper presents the main characteristics that differentiate social marketing from the traditional business marketing most important being the attributes of the product and its cost. They are presented the among the relevant theories for understanding what social marketing is. The implementation of the theory is supported by reviewing relevant literature and demonstrating case studies. Social marketing is more than advertising. As in business marketing, the best result requires the consistent use of the whole marketing mix. The process starts by indicating the target audience and the barriers they face for performing the desired behaviour. The benefits of the behaviour have to be highlighted in contrast to costs. The message has to be developed to be personal, easy to understand and remember and it has to clearly state what is expected from the audience. Among various tools, the most powerful tool in increasing the motivation of the people was noticed to be to generate involvement and empowering the people in the target audience. The paper works as an overview of the problems and solutions. Lack of deep primary and secondary research prevented the development of a proper and extensive marketing plan.
The caring child
Social networks and networking facilitating internationalization : Experiences of two Finnish fashion companies
Sociology of discourse  : from institutions to social change
The economic and social situation of the Community
First episodes : pupil careers in the early years of school
Faites vos jeux! : interests and socio-economic development in the Caprivi-region from a historical perspective
Social construction of quality in software development
World economic and social survey. 2014/2015, Learning from national supporting MDG implementation
Indicators of child and youth well-being are indispensable tools for improving the lives of children. In this book, the nation's leading development researchers review the recent progress made in the measurement, collection, dissemination, and use of indicators of child and youth well-being. In addition, they identify opportunities for future research to expand and improve on the indicator data available, so as to develop greater measures of positive development. The first eleven chapters cover key indicators in the areas of health, education, social, and emotional development and then social context indicators of the family, peers, school, and the community. The book then goes on to demonstrate the use of indicators for influencing policy at the state and local levels. One chapter discusses how social indicators were used to guide welfare reform and another recounts the use of the indicators to guide local planning. The volume concludes with a discussion of summary indices of well-being and the methodological challenges of constructing such indices. Written in an accessible manner for policy makers, practitioners, and researchers concerned with children's well-being, including experts in developmental, social, community, and educational psychology, the book also serves as a supplementary text in public policy and the social sciences. The policy chapters will be of particular interest to those who use child and youth indicators to guide policy development.
Poverty in the context of societal transitions in Estonia
Children growing up : the development of children's personalities
Sustainable welfare in a regional context
Youth in modern society : problems in the transition to adulthood
The eco-social approach in social work
An uncertain glory : India and its contradictions
To enter or not to enter is not the question : a qualitative inquiry into the career experiences of next generation family members
Intentionality as a basis for the emergence of intersubjectivity in infancy
System design for sustainability : theory, methods and tools for a sustainable "satisfaction-system" design
The power of play : how spontaneous, imaginative activities lead to happier, healthier children
History of the idea of progress
Social development : psychological growth and the parent-child relationship
