http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6130 business employees
business employees
Labour and the motor industry
Black workers in white unions : job discrimination in the United States
International handbook of participation in organizations : for the study of organizational democracy, co-operation, and self-management. Vol. 2, Ownership and participation
Work-life interaction among international business travelers
Productivity and enployee ownership : the case of Sweden
Blue-collar stratification : autoworkers in four countries
Class, community and the labour movement : Wales and Canada, 1850 - 1930
Business & society : ethics and stakeholder management
Coal, class & community : the united mineworkers of New Zealand, 1880-1960
This book is designed to encourage all of you who wish to pursue freelance interpretation to set up a practical system that will faciliate provision of quality services, while allowing maximum growth of interpreting skills. The infromation in this book covers everything from types in interpreter certification, to self-employment taxes, to organizational concerns. This book will be helpful whether you want to work on a freelance basis occasionally of full-time. If you are just beginning a career in the interpretation field, this book is an excellent resource that will allow you to become familiar with all aspects of the business of interpretation. .
New York longshoremen : class and power on the docks
Surviving M&A : make the most of your company being acquired
Public Services International : report of activities
Dock workers : international explorations in comparative Labour history, 1790-1970
High-skilled immigration in a global labor market
Internal brand research in Dressmann Oy
Coaching and mentoring at work : developing effective practice
Smart retail : winning ideas and strategies from the most successful retailers in the world
Establishing a freelance interpretation business : Professional guidance for sign language interpreters
"Since Intelligent M&A was released in June 2007, the short and final chapter on How to survive a merger has received a lot of attention and the information provided therein appears to be robust enough to withstand that attention. Therefore, the proposed book will build on the organisation of that chapter and would be divided roughly into the following chapters: - Background on mergers and acquisitions: why companies merge and what happens to employees in those mergers - The first decision facing employees: stay or leave? - Attitude and personal performance - Timing issues: when to act? - Preparation during the pre-merger phase - Should you rely on your boss (and to what degree to 'trust' the company)? - The need to stay around the office - Taking care of your own team - Networking  internally and externally - Maintaining clients - The importance of flexibility in accepting new assignments - Preparing for the worst. Written in an engaging style, with real global case studies, this is an extremely valuable guide for any manager or employee concerned about their jobs when their companies are undergoing a corporate restructuring. (NB. The book is intended to be of use to readers globally. It therefore does not have a chapter on legal issues in being made redundant, as this information is out-dated quickly, isn't the expertise of the author and is available from experts elsewhere)"--Provided by publisher.
Managing the human resources to preserve the valuable knowledge within an organization : motivating for loyalty
Breakthrough ideas : 15 articles that define business practise today
"I always get terribly nervous when I have to speak English" : a case study on three Finnish employees' communication problems and strategy use
Changing the game : how video games are transforming the future of business
The road taken : narratives from Lapland
Routledge handbook of tourism research
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of the psychology of coaching and mentoring
Employee Motivation at IKEA Espoo
John Riffe of the steelworkers : american labor statesman
Feminist research - an intellectual adventure? : a research autobiography and reflections on the development, state and strategies of change of feminist research
The affluent worker. [1], Industrial attitudes and behaviour
Mr. Rogo, a plant manager, must improve his factory's efficiency or face its closing in just three months. Despite the fictional setting, Goldratt's novel has become a classic business and management text.
Modeling, analyzing and optimizing shop-floor business processes at Perlos Tools Nurmijärvi, Finland
Russian workers : the anatomy of patience
The end of labour history?
""We spend more time working than doing anything else in life. It's not right that the experience of work should be so demotivating and dehumanizing." So says Laszlo Bock, head of People Operations at the company that transformed how the world interacts with knowledge. This insight is the heart of WORK RULES!, a compelling and surprisingly playful manifesto with the potential to change how we work and live. Drawing on the latest research in behavioral economics and with a profound grasp of human psychology, Bock also provides teaching examples from a range of industries -- including companies that are household names but hideous places to work, and little-known companies that achieve spectacular results by valuing and listening to their employees. Bock takes us inside one of history's most explosively successful businesses to reveal why Google is consistently rated one of the best places to work in the world, distilling 15 years of intensive worker R&D into delightfully counterintuitive principles that are easy to put into action, whether you're a team of one or a team of thousands. Cleaving the knot of conventional management, some lessons from WORK RULES! include: Take away managers' power over employees Learn from your best employees - and your worst Only hire people who are smarter than you are, no matter how long it takes to find them Pay unfairly (it's fairer!) Don't trust your gut: use data to predict and shape the future Default to open: be transparent, and welcome feedback If you're comfortable with the amount of freedom you've given your employees, you haven't gone far enough WORK RULES! shows how to strike a balance between creativity and structure, leading to success you can measure in quality of life as well as market share. Read it to build a better company from within rather than from above; read it to reawaken your joy in what you do. "--
Dignity and daily bread : new forms of economic organising among poor women in the Third World and the First
The business of creativity : how to build the right team for success
Tempered radicals : how people use difference to inspire change at work
Abstract: Creative quality and value innovations created by a learning network : casestudy within a building components manufacturing network.
International labour and the origins of the cold war
"From experience to innovation" : proceedings of the 13th Triennial Congress of the International Ergonomics Association, June 29 - July 4, 1997 Tampere, Finland. Volume 5, Human-computer interaction, stress and mental load, aging, occupational health
Your brain at work : strategies for overcoming distraction, regaining focus, and working smarter all day long
Reintegration of returning workers : a case study from the Philippines
The group trainer's handbook : designing and delivering training for groups
Human resource management in a business context
Give and take : a revolutionary approach to success
Importance of high-quality customer service : business plan: Restaurant Changel
Managing innovation and change : a critical guide for organizations
Leadership in European context : project reports by national teams
Business ethics : readings and cases in corporate morality
The creative economy : how people make money from ideas
New York Longshoremen reveals how labor relations on the docks were driven from below by radical and reform rank-and-file movements led by communists, Catholics, and local union leaders. William Mello uncovers this little-known history that depicts the impact of state and local politics and political institutions on the labor movement in postwar America.
Global cities at work : new migrant divisions of labour
Problems of ownership : proceedings of a Finnish-Estonian seminar May 22.-23., 1991 in Tartu
Managers as mentors : building partnerships for learning
The wounds and blood of Jesus : a mission letter to friends in Finland, Africa and other continents
Evidence-based reward management : creating measurable business impact from your pay and reward practices
The restaurant : from concept to operation. Student workbook
Ethics and the conduct of business
Getting the measure of your business
Recruiting and training proposal : case RetailWise Finland
Automobile workers and the American dream
How to open & operate a financially successful fashion design business
The turnover of jobs and workers in Finland
The restaurant : from concept to operation
Small big : small changes that spark big influence
Can the workers run industry?
What men don't tell women about business : opening up the heavily guarded alpha male playbook
Objective of this thesis was to create a new, interesting restaurant concept in Helsinki. Nowadays customers want to be provided with a new high-class restaurant experience, professional and knowledgeable high quality service, as well as first rate produces. All of these are valuable aspects in order to create long-term customer relations and satisfaction. Another important objective of this business plan was to provide a creative and supportive working environment to the professionals of the trade, whom want to fulfil themselves and enjoy their work. Long-term goal was also to raise the appreciation towards restaurant workers in general.    Theoretical section of this thesis highlights the importance of quality service in the restaurant industry. It takes the reader on a journey explaining in logical order what service actually is, what are the characteristics of good customer server, how those talents can be found, what drives them to provide excellent service and how companies can back up their employees to achieve their full potential. This thesis also summarises what are the positive outcomes of investing time and effort in taking good care of one's employees.     Customer service quality was chosen as the topic since it is something that the author of this thesis feels strongly about and believes that service can make or break a new restaurant. Research of theoretical framework was placed in action in the business plan, which's competitive edge is based on superior customer service quality.    Thesis process provided the author with the possibility to gain deeper knowledge in essential business planning as well as human resources management. Business plan framework used in this thesis made the author to look at entrepreneurism from many different aspects and to consider it as a true possibility to provide living for oneself. Aspects in the theoretical framework enriched the author's cognition on how important carefully planned human resources management is and how many things it affects in the long run. The author hopes that she can put these findings into action one day and provide a supportive and encouraging working environment for restaurant industry professionals.
Migration and domestic work : a European perspective on a global theme
Transnational migration to Israel in global comparative context
DisneyWar : the battle for the magic kingdom
Third World workers : comparative international labour studies
Miners and steelworkers : labour in Cape Breton
Work rules! : insights from inside Google that will transform how you live and lead
This research is conducted for Dressmann Oy, an internationally operating Norwegian men's clothing store. The research problem is to identify Dressmann's internal brand image among sales staff. The study consists of evaluating Dressmann' s internal brand communication channels and methods, studying employee brand awareness and emotional commitment to the brand. First research objective is to identify how efficiently the brand is communicated to the employees and what are the possible brand information bottlenecks. Secondly, to evaluate if the employees are living the brand. The thesis concentrates in measuring in which level the current brand awareness and emotional commitment are among sales staff. The theory was based on brand communications, internal branding process, and in recognizing the potential benefits of strong internal brands. The theoretical framework summarizes the main theory concepts, which are brought together and adapted into a creation of a new internal brand evaluation tool, also known as internal brand state. The internal brand state recognizes and helps to evaluate the brand from both awareness and emotional commitment sides, and illustrates the efficiency of brand communications. The survey was conducted by quantitative method and 33 respondents of the possible 52 answered the questionnaire. The survey included 53 multiple-choice questions and five open-ended questions. The survey was carried out among the employees of Greater Helsinki region in the beginning of February 2010. The results imply that currently the brand communications are working fairly well, but some weak links in the brand communications were found and indentified. Internal brand state is currently on a good level, but especially the brand visioning part needs to be improved from both awareness and emotional commitment sides. It is important to notice that emotional commitment, among sales staff, was slightly higher than the awareness in all of the evaluated branding process parts. Recommendations include using the internal brand state for managerial purposes and recog-nize the efficiency levels of individual internal communication channels. The need for emphasizing the role of store managers and co-workers in communicating the brand in order to enhance the internal brand development.
Conflict and change in the Russian industrial enterprise
Wage systems and the metal unions : a trade union training manual
Employee investment funds, the stock market and growth : a managerial approach
Freedom of movement
Fighting over the forests
People and performance : the best of Peter Drucker on management
The Goal : a process of ongoing improvement
Ergonomics for beginners : a quick reference guide
How do we tell the workers? : the socioeconomic foundations of work and vocational education
Net work : a practical guide to creating and sustaining networks at work and in the world
Reflexive labour law : studies in industrial relations and employment regulation
Business ethics
Sex work matters : exploring money, power, and intimacy in the sex industry
Abstract: An entrepreneur's personality and its impact on the firm's growth : an analysis through the Big Five theory.
Beyond the lens : rights, ethics and business practice in professional photography / [edited by Gwen Thomas & Janet Ibbotson]
This is a practical guide for those involved in both short term and long term coaching and mentoring in the workplace. The text invites the reader to develop their skills with interactive case material and checklists.
Young workers and trade unions : a global view
The cult of spontaneity : Finnish-Canadian Bushworkers and the Industrial Workers of the World in Northern Ontario, 1919-1934
EU social and employment law : policy and practice in an enlarged Europe
Coaching : evoking excellence in others
The history of the Municipal Employees Union in Victoria, 1885-1985
Mobility and migration of labour in the European Union and their specific implications for young people
