http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6139 cultural change
cultural change
Psychological anthropology
Fractured Times : culture and society in the twentieth century
Modernization : the dynamics of growth
Body of power, spirit of resistance : the culture and history of a South African people
Rethinking modernization : anthropological perspectives
Identity, survival, and change : exploring social/cultural anthropology
Food and evolution : toward a theory of human food habits
Mobile messages : young people and a new communication culture
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Added value of intangibles for organizational innovation
Anthropology of religion : critical concepts in religious studies. Volume 4
Towards a theory of political art : cultural politics of 'Black Wave' film in Yugoslavia, 1963-1972
The purpose of the book is to tie together various perspectives, insights and constructions pertaining to contemporary landscapes and landscape representations from different theoretical and methodological positions as well as from diverse geographical and historical contexts in order to elucidate and illustrate processes of cultural transformation inscribed in space. The unifying theme, as well as the main goal and prospective contribution then, lies in the exploration of these developing forces and characteristics of the new cultural economy of space in the contemporary landscape(s).The primary objective of bringing together geographical perspectives from various subdisciplinary fields is to examine and discuss ways in which the complexities of this newly-emerging cultural economy of space are applied on various sorts of landscapes, i.e. urban and rural landscapes, landscapes of everyday life, landscapes of tourism and recreation, postcolonial and hybrid landscapes, landscapes of economic production, landscapes of the street and of public life, "national landscapes" and so on. The overarching question, thus, is: how do these processes work in different geographical contexts and contribute to place and landscape creation?
Trends of culture change among the Asian community in Forest Gate
Diagnosing and changing organizational culture : based on the competing values framework
The awakening of Europe
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Ask a sample of 100 people to show you something that is certainly not art
The sociology of secularisation : a critique of a concept
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
Psychoanalysis and culture : contemporary states of mind
A life-course perspective on migration and integration
Baptizing Soviet children in contemporary rural narratives
Rites of modernization : symbolic and social aspects of Indonesian proletarian drama
Retooling : a historian confronts technological change
Social and cultural dynamics. 4, Basic problems, principles and methods
Cultural change in postwar Taiwan
The radiant city : elements of a doctrine of urbanism to be used the basis of our machine-age civilization
In technology we trust : moral justifications in the climate change disputes in the United States
Written in a readable, accessible style, with plenty of up–to–date examples Psychoanalysis and Culture provides a brilliant introduction to key issues in the area of application of psychoanalytic theories to culture. The author argues that we cannot grasp the complexity of contemporary global issues without understanding some of the unconscious processes which underlie them. After introducing some major modern and postmodern psychoanalytic approaches, Minsky offers a broad–ranging critique of Lacan's theory of culture and the unconscious. She explores a range of crucial and topical questions: how should we explain women's historical subordination and what is now often seen as a crisis in male identity? What constitutes 'masculinity' apart from power and control? How important is the father, actually and symbolically in children's development in the context of lone–parent families? Why is contemporary culture often still so violent and destructive? Why is consumer culture so attractive to so many and why is it so difficult to put limits on economic growth in the interests of preventing environmental disaster? This book will be of great interest to students and scholars in sociology, women's studies, cultural studies, psychology and history as well as psychoanalytic studies. It will also appeal to the general reader interested in the psychology of cultural change.
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
Managing the change of organizational culture in cross-border mergers and acquisitions : the role of post-acquisition integration in organizational culture change
The adjustment of expatriates and spouses with company assistance
Modern influences on east sumbanese textiles : the impact of the commercial market on the product and its producer
Finnish bodies - foreign souls : finnish missionary children's re-entry experiences through parents' eyes
The family and marriage in a changing world
Cross-cultural adaptation : current approaches
Smart flexibility : moving smart and flexible working from theory to practice
Cargo cult : strange stories of desire from Melanesia and beyond
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
China's brave new world and other tales for global times
Cultural change and persistance in a religious group in the Caribbean context : a case study of the Inter Varsity Christian Fellowship in Trinidad
Technology and social change
Religious rituals and social norms in the making of adaptive systems : empirical and theoretical synthesis on revivals in 19th century Finland
Welcoming each other : cultural transformation of the Caribbean in the 21st century
The measurement of cultural evolution in the non-literate world : homage to Raoul Naroll
Comparative ethnographical studies. 8, Modifications in Indian culture through inventions and loans
The Victorians
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Making culture, changing society
Evolution and human behavior : an introduction to Darwinian anthropology
In many religious traditions bodily practices, that is ritual actions that make use of the body and have a body-related goal, have evolved. Such practices are especially well developed in South- and East Asian traditions, where they have reached a great complexity in Hatha Yoga or in Daoist meditation. This shows that the human body has a major role to play in religions, which is something that is too often overlooked. Several qualities are attributed to the human body in religious thought systems that may be both positive and negative and in the ritual a framework is created that enables to transform the negative qualities into positive ones – for example, in a purification ritual the unpure body or condition is converted into a pure one. Not only singular qualities may be changed in the bodily practices but the whole body. Such a transformation of the body that aims to transcend the limits of the ordinary human body, can be a religious goal in its own right. The bodily practices of self transformation are based on the idea of the body as something unstable and changeable. In the premodern religious thought the body is more than a biological entity. It is a midpoint between a person and the society and the world that finds itself in a constant process of re-construction. It follows that the identity of a person is strongly tied to the body which is in turn related to how a person acts on a daily basis and to whom one is connected to.
The politics of multicultural encounters : feminist postcolonial perspectives
SELL IT SAP UPGRADE IMPLEMENTATION - SHOULD CHANGE MANAGEMENT BE AS EXTENSIVE AS THE EFFECT OF THE CHANGE?
Bad feminist : essays
Ungrounded empires : the cultural politics of modern Chinese transnationalism
The nature of cultures : a blueprint for a theory of culture genetics
Culture and political change
Corporate futures : the diffusion of the culturally sensitive corporate form
Capitalism in context : essays on economic development and cultural change in honor of R. M. Hartwell
The creolization of theory
The dark side of modernity
Essentials of organizational behavior
This paper presents field-work based research on baptisms performed in the Soviet Union, especially during the Khrushchev anti-religious campaign. It focuses on the phenomenon of religion being shifted from the public to the private sphere and also addresses the tensions that arose when religion was again returned to the public sphere in the Post-Soviet period.
Culture change in two Garo villages
Social and cultural dynamics. 2, Fluctuations of systems of truth, ethics, and law
The Santal : a tribe in seach of a great tradition
The Panare : tradition and change on the Amazonian frontier
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Assimilating Seoul : Japanese rule and the politics of public space in colonial Korea, 1910-1945
Landscapes of a new cultural economy of space
Townsmen or tribesmen : conservatism and the process of urbanization in a South African city
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
How Latino immigration is transforming America
Changing Russia? : history, culture and business
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Visions of order : the cultural crisis of our time
Special issue : Southeast Asian national cultures in a fragmenting global system
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Out of steppe
This paper presents a brief study of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland. Most rural landscapes in southern Finland are produced by traditional agriculture and affected by modern farming. The cultural landscape of the countryside is therefore a human cultural achievement: working the land creates the agrarian landscape. Natural processes must be yielded and acknowledged, however. The various periodic layers of the rural landscape derive from its inhabitants and their historical periods. In this way, the landscape is comprised of natural and cultural phenomena, which can be both old and new. This paper is based on a study of the rural cultural landscapes of Perniö and Karjaa in southern Finland. The examination suggests a long-term landscape development from prehistoric to historical periods.
Conditions supporting trust development in relation to the perceived risks in Finnish-Russian business relationships
Culture matters in Russia - and everywhere : backdrop for the Russia-Ukraine conflict
The end of a tradition : culture change and development in the município of Cunha, São Paulo, Brazil
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
The moon and net : study of a transient community of fishermen at Jambudwip
Indigenous peoples and the future of Amazonia : an ecological anthropology of an endangered world
New lives for old : cultural transformation - Manus, 1928-1953
Leading libraries : how to create a service culture
Manager's guide to virtual teams
Djuka society and social change : history of an attempt to develop a bush negro community in Surinam 1917-1926
India and Ceylon : unity and diversity : a symposium
The presence of the past in politics : "1956" after 1956 in Hungary
The concept of the body in Chinese and Indian bodily practices : transformation, perspective, and ethics
Postcolonial Europe? : essays on post-communist literatures and cultures
Culture and literature in Latin in late antiquity : continuities and discontinuities
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Ruins / edited by Brian Dillon
The best exotic Marigold Hotel
Crisis and renewal in one Finnish private school
Intellectual and cultural change in Central and Eastern Europe
Scandinavia overseas : patterns of cultural transformation in North America and Australia
A study of cultural change : rural-urban conflicts in Norway
Consuming China : approaches to cultural change in contemporary China
A cultural history of postwar Japan 1945-1980
Avoiding culture shock : exposure to unfamiliar cultural environments and its effect on exchange students
The business of marriage : transformations in Oceanic matromony
Amazonian geographies: : emerging identities and landscapes
Public relations in a transition society 1989-2002 : using a stakeholder approach in organisational communications and relations analyses
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
Reading subaltern studies : critical history, contested meaning and the globalization of South Asia
Stories of culture and place : an introduction to anthropology
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Community perceptions to climate change in Finnish Lapland : examining vulnerabilities and adaptive responses to the changing characteristics of Arctic tourism
Over the last four decades the sociological life course approach with its focus on the interplay of structure and agency over time life course perspective has become an important research perspective in the social sciences. Yet, while it has successfully been applied to almost all fields of social inquiry it is much less used in research studying migrant populations and their integration patterns. This is puzzling since understanding immigrants' integration requires just the kind of dynamic research approach this approach puts forward: any integration theory actually refers to life course processes. This volume shows fruitful cross-linkages between the two research traditions. A range of studies are presented that all apply sociological life course concepts to research on migrants and migrant groups in Europe. The book is organized thematically, indicating different important domains in the life course. Using a wide variety of methodological approaches, it covers both quantitative studies based on population census data and survey material as well as qualitative studies based on interviews. Attention is paid to the life courses of those who migrated themselves as well as their offspring. The studies cover different European countries, relating to one national context or a particular local setting in a city as well as cross-country comparisons. Overall the book shows that applying the sociological life course approach to migration and integration research may advance our understanding of immigrant settlement patterns as well as further develop the life course perspective.
Budgeting and forecasting application development : an evaluation
Experiments in civilization : the effects of European culture on a native community of the Solomon Islands
In the bubble : designing in a complex world / John Thackara
Constructing China : the interaction of culture and economics
Readings in modernity in Africa
Social and cultural dynamics. 4, Basic problems, principles, and methods
Traditional societies and technological change
European culture and the media : changing media, changing Europe
Contextualizing changes : migrations, shifting borders and new identities in Eastern Europe
Acculturation : the study of culture contact
Religiǰa religioznost i savremena kultura : ot mističnog do (i)racionalnog i vice versa = Religion, religiosity and contemporary culture : from mystical to (l)rational and vice versa
Day of the Dead in the USA : the migration and transformation of a cultural phenomenon
Mobile phones, identity and discursive intimacy
Making sense of change management
Trans-cultural leadership for transformation
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Human touch, natural processes: The development of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland from past to present
Americanization and advertising : the role of americanization in Finnish Advertising
Colonialism in Africa 1870-1960. Vol. 3, Profiles of change : African society and colonial rule
Population dynamics of a Philippine rain forest people : the San Ildefonso Agta
Building an innovative organization culture : case insurance company X
The Pawnee Ghost Dance hand game : a study of cultural change
Ethnological extracts
Central Asians under Russian rule : a study in culture change
Vanishing tribes : primitive man on earth
Hybride Kulturen im mittelalterlichen Europa : Vorträge und Workshops einer internationalen Frühlingsschule = Hybrid cultures in medieval Europe : papers and workshops of an international spring school
Theories of nationalism
China pop : how soap operas, tabloids, and bestsellers are transforming a culture
Tradition and innovation in folk literature
