http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6146 ballroom dances
ballroom dances
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 2.
Slowfox
Ballroom dancing : a comprehensive guide for dancers of all levels
Technique of ballroom dancing : the waltz & basic principles
Step-by-step dance class : dance yourself fit with the beginner's guide to all the dances from the show
Dancelife's Best : Sounds of the nineties
Ballroom dancing / Step-by-Step
Technique of ballroom dancing : the foxtrot & basic principles
The Ultimate... Ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 7, "Beautiful things"
Discover dance : ballroom
How to feel confident on the dance floor - step by step! This third edition of Social Dance: Steps to Success teaches all the moves for 10 of the most popular dance styles. The first few learning steps in this book introduce the foundational skills and concepts needed for success on the dance floor. Each step is a smooth transition from the previous one and progresses from how posture and footwork affect balance, how to connect footwork with the music, adjust to a partner, make the transition between partner positions and create sequences from variations of each dance's specific rhythmic step pattern. It also explains why the concept or skill is important, indentifies the keys to correcting technique, helps dancers avoid common errors, and provides them with the drills to practice at their own pace.
Johann Strauss : dance and dream
THE REVISED TECHNIQUE OF BALLROOM DANCING
Musical notations for dance teachers
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 16, "Temptation"
Argentine tango : a guide to basics and beyond
The Joy of dancing : ballroom, latin and rock/jive for absolute beginners of all ages
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. [1]
15th century dances from Burgundy and Italy
Party dances & games
The best... of ballroom music. 16 : original hits for ballroom dancing
A technique of advanced standard ballroom figures
World Dancesport Federation: waltz
Modern ballroom dancing
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 14, "L'Italiano"
World Dancesport Federation: quick step
Ballroom elegance
Sorry, I don't dance : why men refuse to move
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 14, Victor & Anna
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 11, Jonathan & Katusha
Superhythm fun : 10 modern dances : Miniature dances for classroom instruments and voice
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 17, Emanuel & Tania
Technique of ballroom dancing : the tango & basic principles
The Irvine legacy
Masters of modern. 13.
Let?s dance : practical handbook
Social dancing for beginners : waltz, foxtrot, quick step, tango, cha cha cha, jive, rumba, samba, paso doble, social foxtrot, rock'n' roll, disco freestyle
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing & listening. 12, Anything goes
Straight Up!
Let's dance : the complete book and DVD of ballroom dance instruction for weddings, parties, fitness, and fun : dance like a star in minutes
World Dancesport Federation: tango
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 11, "Two of a kind"
PRE-CLASSIC DANCE FORMS
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 15, "Reaching for the moon"
Dance anecdotes : stories from the worlds of ballet, Broadway, the ballroom, and modern dance
Tango : The Dance, the Song, the Story
Exploring dance forms and styles : a guide to concert, world, social, and historical dance
THE OFFICIAL GUIDE TO BALLROOM DANCING
The ballroom mix
World history of the dance
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 15, "The shadow of your smile"
The technique of ballroom dancing
Russian dance music for piano = Russkaja tantsevalnaja muzyka dlja fortepiano
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for dancing and listening. 5, "Bang Bang"
Where did you learn to dance
The joy of dancing : ballroom, latin and jive for social dancers of all ages
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 3.
Rock 'n' roll : and other dance crazes
Vintage ballroom dancing
Technique of ballroom dancing : the quickstep & basic principles
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance - step-by-step
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 17, "For you"
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 4.
Games and sports
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance - step by step
Dancetime DVD! : 500 years of social dance. Volume 1, 15th - 19th centuries
The art of Ballroom
Christy Lane's complete book of line dancing
Professional and amateur dance syllabus
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 13, Jonathan & Katusha
May I have the pleasure? : the story of popular dancing
Nashville fantasy : honky tonk line dance party : line dance
This is ballroom dance
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, salsa, merengue, lambada and line dance - step-by step!
The best of vintage dance : a treasury of waltzes, two steps, one steps, fox trots, tangos, ragtime novelties and grand marches
Ancona open ballroom. 5.
A century of dance
World of Standardtänze. Vol. 2
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 1.
The joy of dancing : ballroom, Latin and rock/jive for absolute beginners of all ages
World masters voice. 2, Standard and latin dances
First steps to ballroom dancing
Ten dances from sixteenth century Italy
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 13, "All or nothing at all"
Ballroom dancing : step-by-step
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 12, Alan & Donna
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance-step-by-step!
World Dancesport Federation: viennese waltz
World Dancesport Federation: slow fox
Beginner's guide to latin dance
