http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6141 maladjustment
maladjustment nonconformity
Anti-social behaviour
"How to Set a Fire and Why is a blistering, singular, devastating novel by Jesse Ball ("A young genius who hits all of the right notes." --Chicago Tribune) about a teenage girl who has lost everything and will burn anything. Lucia has been kicked out of school, again, this time for stabbing a boy in the neck with a pencil. Her father is dead; her mother is in a mental institute; and she's living in a garage-turned-bedroom with her aunt. Making her way through the world with only a book, a Zippo lighter, and a pocket full of stolen licorice, Lucia spends her days riding the bus to visit her mother in The Home, avoiding the landlord who hates her, and following the only rule that makes any sense: Don't Do Things You Aren't Proud Of. When Lucia starts at Whistler High it seems no different from the schools that came before: girls play field hockey, chasing the ball like dogs, the school psychologist has beanbag chairs in her office, and detention means sitting silently surrounded by stupid people ("I am a veteran of detention"). But when Lucia discovers a secret Arson Club, she will do anything to be a part of it. With a biting wit and striking intelligence that she can't fully hide, Lucia animates her small-town life: the parties at an abandoned water park, visits to the 24-hour donut shop where her friend Lana's cousin works, the little island in the middle of a medical park where kids go to drink. As Lucia's fascination with the Arson Club grows, her chronicle becomes a riveting story of family, loss, misguided friendship, and destruction"--
Sleepers, moles and martyrs : secret identifications, societal integration and the differing meanings of freedom
Managing behavioural treatment : policy and practice with delinquent adolescents
American rhapsody
How to set a fire and why
The silver linings playbook
Erving Goffman and modern sociology
The fifth child
Inquiry into family relationships of antisocial and control group adolescent males : three viewpoints : social control theory, attachment theory, and family systems theory
Social exclusion and the remaking of social networks
Effective strategies for dropout prevention of at-risk yuoth
The accumulation of problems of social functioning : outer, inner, and behavioral strands
Addressing ERP misfit with SOA-based solutions : an analysis within the TOE framework
The school practitioner's concise companion to preventing dropout and attendance problems
The drop-outs : a treatment study of intellectually capable students who drop out of high school
The sociopathology of education
"In this groundbreaking book, Eric Toshalis explores student resistance through a variety of perspectives, arguing that oppositional behaviors can be not only instructive but productive. All too often treated as a matter of compliance, student resistance can also be understood as a form of engagement, as young people confront and negotiate new identities in the classroom environment. The focus of teachers' efforts, Toshalis says, should not be about "managing" adolescents but about learning how to read their behavior and respond to it in developmentally productive, culturally responsive, and democratically enriching ways. Noting that the research literature is scattered across fields, Toshalis draws on four domains of inquiry: theoretical, psychological, political, and pedagogical. The result is a resource that can help teachers address this pervasive classroom challenge in ways that enhance student agency, motivation, engagement, and academic achievement ... Toshalis blends accessible explanations of theory and research with vignettes of interactions among educators and students. In Make Me!, Toshalis helps teachers perceive possibility, rather than pathology, in student resistance." --
Alone! Alone! : lives of some outsider women
Make me! : understanding and engaging student resistance in school
Reflections on the revolution in Europe : immigration, islam and the west
Disadvantaged post-adolescents : approaches to education and rehabilitation
Psychopathic and antisocial personality disorders : treatment and research issues
Outsiders : studies in the sociology of deviance
The prisoner
The explosive child : a new approach for understanding and parenting easily frustrated, chronically inflexible children
About a boy
Adolescents with substance use disorder at reform schools are severely maladjusted
Teach me! : kids will learn when oppression is the lesson
Deviant behavior
No! I don't need reading glasses!
No man is an island? : solitary characters in English poetry from the 7th to the 19th century
Children who hate : the disorganization and breakdown of behavior controls
A million ways to die in the West
The delinquent solution : a study in subcultural theory
Predicting social maladjustment : Stockholms boys grown up
Name on your wrist
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Losing generations : adolescents in high-risk settings
The broken bubble
Ben, in the world : the sequel to The fifth child
Antisocial behavior in children and adolescents : a developmental analysis and model for intervention
Bullying in schools : and what to do about it
At-risk youth : identification, programs, and recommendations
