http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6142 assimilation (sociology)
assimilation (sociology)
An examination from an archaeological perspective of how those in power have tried to mold the citizenship and composition of the United States and the various and often conflicting strategies that have been employed to "Americanize" both immigrant and native non-white populations.
Multicultural policies and modes of citizenship in European cities
The American Indian : perspectives for the study of social change
Assimilated individuals and segregated communities : a comparative study of housing and living related well-being of Finnish roma and housed gypsies and travellers in England
Identity, agency and the acquisition of professional language and culture
Marobavi : a study of an assimilated group in northern Sonora
The Bolsheviks and the Russian Empire
Multiple identities : migrants, ethnicity, and membership
Separated children & forbidden roots : removals of part-indigenous children as part of Australia's assimilation policy in the 1950s-1960s
Russian borderlands in change : North Caucasian youth and the politics of bordering and citizenship
Remaking the American mainstream : assimilation and contemporary immigration
Second-generation transnationalism and roots migration : cross-border lives
Immigration and population
Making refuge : Somali Bantu refugees and Lewiston, Maine
From Mukogodo to Maasai : ethnicity and cultural change in Kenya
Dreams and nightmares of a white Australia : representing aboriginal assimilation in the mid-twentieth century
Strategies for survival : the psychology of cultural resilience in ethnic minorities
Assimilated individuals and segregated communities : a comparative study of housing and living related well-being of Finnish Roma and housed Gypsies and travellers in England
This volume deals with social, emotional and educational issues of Muslim children growing up in a Western country. It aims at shedding light on factors that contribute to the successful adjustment of these immigrant children and ways of helping them to adjust to the new life in their new country.
Molded identity : Manchu sinicization and self-perception of the bannermen's descendants
International migration and ethnic relations : critical perspectives
"The Emancipation of Europe's Muslims traces how governments across Western Europe have responded to the growing presence of Muslim immigrants in their countries over the past fifty years. Drawing on hundreds of in-depth interviews with government officials and religious leaders in France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Morocco, and Turkey, Jonathan Laurence challenges the widespread notion that Europe's Muslim minorities represent a threat to liberal democracy. He documents how European governments in the 1970s and 1980s excluded Islam from domestic institutions, instead inviting foreign powers like Saudi Arabia, Algeria, and Turkey to oversee the practice of Islam among immigrants in European host societies. But since the 1990s, amid rising integration problems and fears about terrorism, governments have aggressively stepped up efforts to reach out to their Muslim communities and incorporate them into the institutional, political, and cultural fabrics of European democracy. The Emancipation of Europe's Muslims places these efforts--particularly the government-led creation of Islamic councils--within a broader theoretical context and gleans insights from government interactions with groups such as trade unions and Jewish communities at previous critical junctures in European state-building. By examining how state-mosque relations in Europe are linked to the ongoing struggle for religious and political authority in the Muslim-majority world, Laurence sheds light on the geopolitical implications of a religious minority's transition from outsiders to citizens. This book offers a much-needed reassessment that foresees the continuing integration of Muslims into European civil society and politics in the coming decades."--Publisher's website.
The emancipation of Europe's Muslims : the state's role in minority integration
Three sides to a story : an investigation into the applicability of cultural adjustment models
Immigrant youth in cultural transition : acculturation, identity, and adaptation across national contexts
"Citizenship is highly topical and relevant to a number of disciplines including law, politics and sociology. What can a linguistic study contribute to the debate? In this impressive volume a combination of theorists -- linguists, historians and lawyers -- address the subject of citizenship testing in language proficiency and 'cultural' knowledge"--
A survey of Indian assimilation in eastern Sonora
Despite a quarter-century of constructivist theorizing in the social sciences and humanities, ethnic groups continue to be conceived as entities and cast as actors. Journalists, policymakers, and researchers routinely frame accounts of ethnic, racial, and national conflict as the struggles of internally homogeneous, externally bounded ethnic groups, races, and nations. In doing so, they unwittingly adopt the language of participants in such struggles, and contribute to the reification of ethnic groups.
Paradoxes of cultural recognition : perspectives from northern Europe
Sikh diaspora : theory, agency, and experience
Becoming Roman? : diverging identities and experiences in ancient northwest Italy
The anglicization of Welsh
International migration in the new millennium : global movement and settlement
Immigration and citizenship in Japan
From migrant to citizen : testing language, testing culture
Growing up between two cultures : problems and issues of Muslim children
Hybridity and its discontents : politics, science, culture
Writing the city in British Asian diasporas
Assimilating Seoul : Japanese rule and the politics of public space in colonial Korea, 1910-1945
The civil sphere
The Jewish Americans : three centuries of Jewish voices in America
The next generation : immigrant youth in a comparative perspective
Ethnicity : source or strength?, source or conflict?
Sikh Diaspora: Theory, Agency, and Experience is a collection of essays offering new insights into the diverse experiences of Sikhs beyond the Punjab. The essays in this volume engage with diaspora theory, agency, space, social relations, and aesthetics.
Struggles for home : violence, hope and the movement of people
Contesting integration, engendering migration : theory and practice
Stubborn and silent Finns with 'sisu' in Finnish-American literature : an imagological study of Finnishness in the literary production of Finnish-American authors
The changing face of world cities : young adult children of immigrants in Europe and the United States
Art of crossing cultures
Ethnic groups, naming and minority policy
Assimilation in American life : the role of race, religion, and national origins
Ethnicity without groups
The stolen generations : the removal of Aboriginal children in New South Wales 1883 to 1969
The pity of it all : a portrait of Jews in Germany 1743-1933
Beyond a border : the causes and consequences of contemporary immigration
The Oxford handbook of multicultural identity
Islam in Europe : integration or marginalization?
Assimilation in American life : the role of race, religion and national origins
"In 1962, the Commonwealth Immigrants Act hastened the process of South Asian migration to postcolonial Britain. Half a decade later, now is an opportune moment to revisit the accumulated writing about the diasporas that have been formed through subsequent settlement, and to probe the ways in which the South Asian diaspora could be re-conceptualised. Writing the City in British Asian Diasporas takes a fresh look at South Asian diasporas in the postcolonial period and will have multi-disciplinary resonance worldwide. The meaning and importance of the local, multi-local and trans-local is explored through a comparison of five British-Asian cities: Bradford, the East End of London, Manchester, Leicester and Birmingham. Analysing the 'writing' of these differently configured cities since the 1960s, its main focus is the significant discrepancies in representation between differently-positioned texts reflecting both dominant institutional discourses and everyday lived experiences of a locality. Part I offers a complete, yet still highly contested, reading of each city's archives. Part II examines how the arts and humanities fields of history, religion, gender and literary/cultural studies have all written British Asian diasporas, and how their perspectives might complement the better-established agendas of the social sciences. Providing an innovative analysis of the growing South Asian communities and their multi-local identities in Britain today, this interdisciplinary book will be of interest to scholars of South Asian Studies, Migration, Ethnic and Diaspora Studies, Sociology, and Anthropology"--
The book provides an evaluation of some of the problems with current processes and policies on integration in Europe, both in relation to broader aims of democratization and in relation to the ways in which gendered assumptions and practices are embedded in the policies and outcomes of European migration regimes. The book analyses integration as a contested concept, providing a cross-disciplinary theoretical, empirical and policy-oriented analysis of the integration-migration nexus. Integration is analysed sociologically, politically and legally as a concept that reinforces boundaries of ethnicity and problematizes difference and diversity. Particular foci of the book include theoretical and empirical aspects of migrant incorporation in Europe; citizenship, belonging and migration; gendered structures, experiences and policies; and the strategies of migrants in coping with nationally embedded protectionism. The book also explores notions of solidarity, cosmopolitanism and interculturalism, which can inform a more coherent and sustainable approach to social incorporation and inclusion within modern societies.
The new case against immigration : both legal and illegal
Incorporating diversity : rethinking assimilation in a multicultural age
Chicano ethnicity
From stranger to citizen : A survey of studies of immigrant assimilation in Western Australia
Enhancing absorptive capacity in a non-research and development context : an action research approach to converting individual observations into organisational awareness
Becoming Europe : immigration, integration, and the Welfare state
In the words of elders : aboriginal cultures in transition
The archaeology of citizenship
Khanty : people of the taiga : surviving the twentieth century
Faithful to the history faithful to the future : transition from an immigrant congregation to an ethnic congregation
Perspectives on endangerment
Becoming Arab in London : performativity and the undoing of identity
Diversity and society : race, ethnicity, and gender
Cannibal writes : eating others in Caribbean and Indian Ocean women's writing
Assimilation, colonialism and the Mexican American people
Realizing the potential of immigrant youth
Models of Immigrant Political Incorporation brings together a multidisciplinary group of scholars to consider pathways by which immigrants may be incorporated into the political processes of western democracies. It builds on a rich tradition of studying immigrant incorporation, but each chapter innovates by moving beyond singular accounts of particular groups and locations toward a general causal model with the scope and breadth to apply across groups, places, and time. Models of Immigrant Political Incorporation addresses three key analytic questions: what, if anything, are the distinctive features of immigrants or immigrant groups? How broadly should one define and study politics? What are the initial premises for analyzing pathways toward incorporation; does one learn more by starting from an assumption of racialization and exclusion or from an assumption of engagement and inclusion? While all models engage with all three key analytic questions, chapters vary in their relative focus on one or another, and in the answers they provide. Most include graphical illustrations of the model, as well as extended examples applying the model to one or more immigrant populations. At a time when research on immigrant political incorporation is rapidly accumulating - and when immigrants are increasingly significant political actors in many democratic polities - this volume makes a timely and valuable intervention by pushing researchers to articulate causal dynamics, provide clear definitions and measurable concepts, and develop testable hypotheses. Furthermore, the wide array of frameworks examining how immigrants become part of a polity or are shunted aside ensure that activists and analysts alike will find useful insights.
Strangers to ourselves
"This comparative historical sociology of the Bolshevik revolutionaries offers a reinterpretation of political radicalization in the last years of the Russian Empire. Finding that two-thirds of the Bolshevik leadership were ethnic minorities - Ukrainians, Latvians, Georgians, Jews and others - this book examines the shared experiences of assimilation and socioethnic exclusion that underlay their class universalism. It suggests that imperial policies toward the Empire's diversity radicalized class and ethnicity as intersectional experiences, creating an assimilated but excluded elite: lower-class Russians and middle-class minorities universalized particular exclusions as they disproportionately sustained the economic and political burdens of maintaining the multiethnic Russian Empire. The Bolsheviks' social identities and routes to revolutionary radicalism show especially how a class-universalist politics was appealing to those seeking secularism in response to religious tensions, a universalist politics where ethnic and geopolitical insecurities were exclusionary, and a tolerant 'imperial' imaginary where Russification and illiberal repressions were most keenly felt"--
The ethics of cultural appropriation
This book is concerned with the notion of the "stranger" -the foreigner, outsider, or alien in a country and society not their own- as well as the notion of strangeness within the self -a person's deep sense of being, as distinct from outside appearance and their conscious idea of self. Kristeva begins with the personal and moves outward by examining world literature and philosophy. She discusses the foreigner in Greek tragedy, in the Bible, and in the literature of the Middle Ages, Renaissance, Enlightenment, and the twentieth century. She discusses the legal status of foreigners throughout history, gaining perspective on our own civilization. Her insights into the problems of nationality, particularly in France are more timely and relevant in an increasingly integrated and fractious world.
Anthropology of migration and multiculturalism : new directions
The social and psychological acculturation of North Korean refugees
Orientals : Asian Americans in popular culture
Modernity and ambivalence
In recent years, Europeans have engaged in sharp debates about migrants and minority groups as social problems. The discussions usually neglect who these people are, how they live their lives, and how they identify themselves. Multiple Identities describes how migrants and minorities of all age groups experience their lives and manage complex, often multiple, identities, which alter with time and changing circumstances. The contributors consider minorities who have received a lot of attention, such as Turkish Germans, and some who have received little, such as Kashubians and Tartars in Poland and Chinese in Switzerland. They also examine international adoption and cross-cultural relationships and discuss some models for multicultural success.
Lives in between : assimilation and marginality in Austria, Brazil, West Africa, 1780-1945
Multiculturalism is a prevalent worldwide societal phenomenon. This handbook reviews cutting-edge empirical and theoretical work on the psychology of multicultural identities and experiences. It addresses some important basic (e.g., measurement, socio-cognitive and neural mechanisms) and applied issues.
Organizational socialization : joining and leaving organizations
Diversity, inclusion and citizenship in Scandinavia
A world you do not know : settler societies, indigenous peoples and the attack on cultural diversity
Symposium on community studies in anthropology : proceedings of the 1963 annual spring meeting of the American Ethnological Society
Processes of cultural change and integration in the Roman world
"Postcolonial and diaspora studies scholars and critics have paid increasing attention to the use of metaphors of food, eating, digestion, and various affiliated actions such as loss of appetite, indigestion, and regurgitation. As such stylistic devices proliferated in the works of non-Western women writers, scholars connected metaphors of eating and consumption to colonial and imperial domination. In Cannibal Writes, Njeri Githire concentrates on the gendered and sexualized dimensions of these visceral metaphors of consumption in works by women writers from Haiti, Jamaica, Mauritius, and elsewhere. Employing theoretical analysis and insightful readings of English- and French-language texts, she explores the prominence of alimentary-related tropes and their relationship to sexual consumption, writing, global geopolitics and economic dynamics, and migration. As she shows, the use of cannibalism in particular as a central motif opens up privileged modes for mediating historical and sociopolitical issues. Ambitiously comparative, Cannibal Writes ranges across the works of well-known and lesser known writers to tie together two geographic and cultural spaces that have much in common but are seldom studied in parallel"--
Faithful to the history, faithful to the future : transition from an immigrant congregation to an ethnic congregation
Chinatown, Europe : an exploration of overseas Chinese identity in the 1990s
Outsiders no more? : models of immigrant political incorporation
Becoming intercultural : an integrative theory of communication and cross-cultural adaptation
Multiculturalism reconsidered : 'Culture and equality' and its critics
The well-being and productivity of immigrant youth has become one of the most important global issues of our times as a result of mass migration and resettlement. In this volume, scholars from multiple nations and disciplines provide a state-of-the-art overview of contemporary research on immigrant youth and delineate the most promising future directions for research on their success, suggesting implications for policy and interventions that will benefit host societies as well as immigrant youth. The contributors to Realizing the Potential of Immigrant Youth include many of the leading international experts on migration, acculturation, intergroup issues and immigrant youth development, with contributions from the fields of child development, demography, economics, education, immigrant mental health, social psychology and sociology.
Citizenship and immigration
Asian North American identities : beyond the hyphen
White flour, white power : from rations to citizenship in central Australia
