http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6145 aristocracy
aristocracy
Duke Hamilton is dead! : a story of aristocratic life and death in Stuart Britain
The ladies of Londonderry : women and political patronage
Long live the queen
The philospher prince
What a wallflower wants
The Augustan aristocracy
A fatal waltz
Lord of fire
Congress of secrets
Black gold
The chateau on the lake
Lords of misrule : hostility to aristocracy in late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century Britain
Lady Victoria Georgiana Charlotte Eugenie, 34th in line for the throne, is flat broke. She's bolted Scotland, her greedy brother, and her fish-faced betrothed for London. The place where she'll experience freedom, learn life lessons aplenty, do a bit of spying for HRH - oh, and find a dead Frenchman in her tub. Now her new job is to clear her long family name.
Marrying Winterborne
"A richly-researched fantasy set at the historical Congress of Vienna blends political machinations, forbidden alchemy, and romance between a widowed noblewoman and a charming con man"--
Catherine de Medici
The affair of the thirty-nine cufflinks
Four nights with the duke
The viscount needs a wife
Lords of the central marches : English aristocracy and frontier society, 1087-1265
A history of Florence, 1200-1575
The aristocracy in twelfth-century León and Castile
Splendour & squalor : the disgrace and disintegration of three aristocratic dynasties
The court society
Dangerous to know
When Rosalind Sharpe gains the attention of the deliciously wicked Duke of Avendale, she's torn between her distracting attraction to the notorious rogue and the knowledge that he, rich as Croesus is the perfect target for a deception that will put her swindling days behind her. However, Avendale is no fool. After he discovers the tantalizing lady packing up to leave London with his coins in tow, he confronts her with a scandalous proposition: she can have all the money she requires ... for a week in his bed. Desperate for the funds, Rose agrees, but on one condition: he must never question her motives. Avendale quickly sees beneath her mask and discovers she is more than passion and pleasure - she is everything he has ever desired. But claiming her requires he unveil her secrets and lose her forever. Unless he can put his own dark past aside and risk everything for a chance at love.
Highland Wolf
The aristocratic universe of Karen Blixen : destiny and the denial of fate
Not quite a wife
Love in a cold climate
Radicalisation of the British aristocracy : aristocratic decline, inter-war fascism and reactionary rhetoric
Lady of desire
Aristocrats : power, grace and decadence : Britain's great ruling classes since 1066
War and peace
Discussing the dynamics of English aristocratic society, this book investigates the rewards and obligations of status, including birth, wealth, the importance of public and royal service and the need to participate in local affairs, especially legal and administrative business.
Being thirty-fifth in line for the British throne has its advantages, but money isn't one of them. To make ends meet, Lady Georgiana Rannoch sometimes investigates a little royal wrongdoing.
Never judge a lady by her cover
Siamese memoirs : the life & times of Pimsai Svasti
A poisoned season
My last duchess
Ireland : social, political, and religious
Focussing on three families and drawing on detailed analysis of account books, receipted bills, household inventories, diaries and correspondence, 'Consumption and the Country House' charts the spending patterns of the landed aristocracy of Georgian England during the so-called consumer revolution of the eighteenth century.
Aristocracy and the modern world
The Welsh princes : the native rulers of Wales, 1063-1283
War, government and aristocracy in the British Isles, c.1150-1500 : essays in honour of Michael Prestwich
The duel in European history : honour and the reign of aristocracy
Charles I and the aristocracy, 1625-1642
Wallflower gone wild
Constructing autocracy : aristocrats and emperors in Julio-Claudian Rome
The adventuress
When the duke was wicked
Ottoline : the life of Lady Ottoline Morrell
Jennie Churchill : Winston's American mother
The duke and the lady in red
His wicked kiss
Princes and Princely culture 1450-1650. Vol. 1
The fortune hunter
French salons : high society and political sociability from the Old Regime to the Revolution of 1848
Queenship and political power in medieval and early modern Spain
The Russian imperial award system during the reign of Nicholas II 1894-1917
Love begets madness.  Viscount Locksley watched it happen to his father after his cherished wife's death.  But when his sire arranges to marry flame-haired fortune hunter Portia Gadstone,  Locke is compelled to take drastic measures to stop the stunning beauty from taking advantage of the marquess.  A marriage of mutual pleasure could be convenient, indeed, as long as inconvenient feelings don't interfere.  Desperation forced Portia to agree to marry a madman.  The arrangement will offer the protection she needs.  Or so she believes until the marquess's distractingly handsome son peruses the fine print, and takes his father's place!  Now the sedate, and more importantly, secure union Portia planned has been tossed in favor of one simmering with wicked temptation and potential heartbreak.  Because as she begins to fall for her devilishly seductive husband, her dark secrets surface and threaten to ruin them both, unless Locke is willing to risk all and open his heart to love.
Her Royal Spyness
The downstairs maid
God save the queen
A Christmas grace
The House of Mitford
The aristocratic ideal and selected papers
Lord of ice
Aristocrats : power, grace and decadence : Britain's great ruling classes from 1066 to the present
Tracing your aristocratic ancestors : a guide for family historians
Monarchy, aristocracy, and the state in Europe, 1300-1800
The last knight : the twilight of the Middle Ages and the birth of the modern era
One night of sin
Aristocracy in antiquity : redefining Greek and Roman elites
Secrets of the Gotha
Waking up with the Duke
The queen is dead
Long live the king
1930's London: Poor Lady Georgiana - thirty-fourth in line to the throne - has been sent home due to a little scandal. Now she must keep the entirely unsuitable Mrs. Simpson from seducing the Prince of Wales - and help Scotland Yard by preventing someone from shooting the Prince of Wales instead of quails.
"In 1814, the Congress of Vienna has just begun. Diplomats battle over a new map of Europe, actors vie for a chance at glory, and aristocrats and royals from across the continent come together to celebrate the downfall of Napoleon"--
Anyone but Ivy pocket
Pyrrhonists, patricians, Platonizers : Hellenistic philosophy in the period 155-86 BC : tenth Symposium Hellenisticum
Lines of succession : heraldry of the royal families of Europe
Mistress of the house : great ladies and grand houses, 1670-1830
The viscount and the vixen
Lietuva-Lenkija-Švedija : Europos dinastinės jungtys ir istoriniai-kultūriniai ryšiai = Lithuania-Poland-Sweden : European dynastic unions and historical-cultural ties
Fool me twice
Cold-hearted rake
The image of aristocracy in Britain, 1000-1300
El Grande : Decennial edition
Royal flush
Behind the shattered glass
Laurel Herbert married James, Lord Kirkland, as an innocent young girl. When she saw him perform an act of shocking violence, she declared she never wanted to see him again. Now, ten years later, a chance encounter with him turns passionate, with consequences that cannot be ignored.
The French in the kingdom of Sicily, 1266-1305
The twelve clues of Christmas
Next of kin
Consumption and the country house
Between dreams and reality : the military examination in late Chosŏn Korea, 1600-1894
A crimson warning
Between opposition and collaboration : nobles, bishops, and the German Reformations in the prince-bishopric of Bamberg, 1555-1619
With my hateful brother Binky in town, I've been desperately seeking an escape. To my delight, it comes in the form of an invitation from the Queen to represent the royals at a wedding in Transylvania - legendary home of vampires. I soon realise why I was the one honoured with such an invitation. The bride, Princess Maria Theresa, happens to be my old school chum, Matty. But my stay in her macabre - looking castle turns unnerving when I find dear Matty with blood running down her chin. Then, during the ceremony, a prominent wedding guest is poisoned. Something must be done lest the nuptial festivities go to ruin, or, worse yet, the couple's vows become: to love and to cherish, till undeath do us part.
Scandalous summer nights
For nine hundred years the British aristocracy has considered itself ideally qualified to rule others, make laws and guide the fortunes of the nation. Tracing the history of this remarkable supremacy, ARISTOCRATS is a story of wars, intrigue, chicanery and extremes of both selflessness and greed. James also illuminates how the aristocracy's infatuation with classical art has forged our heritage, how its love of sport has shaped our pastimes and values - and how its scandals have entertained the public. Impeccably researched, balanced and brilliantly entertaining, ARISTOCRATS is an enthralling history of power, influence and an extraordinary knack for survival.
Noblesse oblige : an enquiry into the identifiable characteristics of the English aristocracy
Diamonds and daisies
The Autobiography of Margot Asquith : Political Events and Celebrities
She tempts the duke
Commoners and nobles : hereditary divisions in Tibet
Former people : the last days of the Russian aristocracy
What makes the nobility noble? : comparative perspectives from the sixteenth to the twentieth century
A Christmas journey
Improper pursuits : the scandalous life of Lady Di Beauclerk
James Boswell's urban experience in eighteenth-century London
Since being widowed two years ago, Kitty Cateril has been trapped in her late husband's home, where she is expected to mourn forever. Desperate to escape, Kitty will consider any option even a hasty marriage to a stranger with no intention of abandoning his bachelor ways. London life suits Beau Braydon, especially his work keeping Britain safe. So when he inherits the title of Viscount Dauntry, he has no intention of resettling on a rural estate. He can't resist the opportunity to marry a sensible widow who can manage Beauchamp Abbey for him until he realizes Kitty is more than he bargained for...
Royal orders : the honours and the honoured
Tour of duty : samurai, military service in Edo, and the culture of early modern Japan
The politics of aristocratic empires
Aurora Karamzin and the stages of power : [exhibition catalogue] = Avrora Karamzina i podmostki vlasti : [katalog vystavki]
The counterfeit heiress
Former people : the final days of Russian aristocracy
A terrible beauty
Death in the floating city
The world before Domesday : the English aristocracy, 900-1066
Emily and husband Colin have come to the French Riviera for what should be a joyous occasion - the engagement party of her lifelong friend Jeremy, Duke of Bainbridge, and Amity Wells, an American heiress. But the merrymaking is cut short with the shocking death of one of the party in an apparent suicide. Not convinced by the coroner's verdict, Emily must employ all of her investigative skills to discover the truth and avert another tragedy.
The favourite : Sarah, duchess of Marlborough
