http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6144 upper class
upper class
Not quite a wife
The downstairs maid
Highland protector
Humphrey Wescott, Earl of Riverdale, has died, leaving behind a fortune and a scandalous secret that will forever alter the lives of his family-sending one daughter on a journey of self-discovery...  With her parents' marriage declared bigamous, Camille Westcott is now illegitimate and without a title. Looking to eschew the trappings of her old life, she leaves London to teach at the Bath orphanage where her newly discovered half-sister lived. But even as she settles in, she must sit for a portrait commissioned by her grandmother and endure an artist who riles her every nerve.  An art teacher at the orphanage that was once his home, Joel Cunningham has been hired to paint the portrait of the haughty new teacher. But as Camille poses for Joel, their mutual contempt soon turns to desire. And it is only the bond between them that will allow them to weather the rough storm that lies ahead...
The beautiful and damned
My Lord Vampire
Eleanor Hawke loves a good scandal. And readers of her successful gossip rag live for the exploits of her favorite subject: Daniel Balfour, the notorious Earl of Ashford. So when the earl himself marches into her office and invites her to experience his illicit pursuits firsthand, Eleanor is stunned. Gambling hells, phaeton races, masquerades. What more could a scandal writer want than a secret look into the life of this devilishly handsome rake? Daniel has secrets, and if 'The Hawk's Eye' gets wind of them, a man's life could be at stake. And what better way to distract a gossip than by feeding her the scandal she desperately craves? But Daniel never expected the sharp mind and biting wit of the beautiful writer, and their desire for each other threatens even his best-laid plans.
Thirteen guests
The viscount and the vixen
Brideshead revisited : the sacred and profane memories of Captain Charles Ryder
What are U?
Lady Victoria Georgiana Charlotte Eugenie, 34th in line for the throne, is flat broke. She's bolted Scotland, her greedy brother, and her fish-faced betrothed for London. The place where she'll experience freedom, learn life lessons aplenty, do a bit of spying for HRH - oh, and find a dead Frenchman in her tub. Now her new job is to clear her long family name.
Capital : a portrait of twenty-first century Delhi
The secrets of a scoundrel
House of thieves
The swans of fifth avenue : a novel
The aeronaut's windlass
Roman thought he'd found the perfect opportunity to rebel. He may have been wrong. He awakens strapped to a set of parallel bars in a richly appointed sitting room, and begins a conversation with a masked man which will change his life. His world has been a facade - one which the mysterious Brahma is about to tear away. A stunning novel about the real world, and about the hidden chanels of power behind the scenes, EMPIRE V is a post-modern satirical novel exploring the cults and corruption of politics, banking and power. And not only are these cults difficult to join - it turns out they may be impossible to leave ...
Black butler. XV
Dangerous decisions
Infelity
Bittersweet : a novel
Her Royal Spyness
A counterfeit betrothal : The notorious rake
Inheritance
Thief of shadows : a Maiden Lane novel
Inconvenient people : lunacy, liberty, and the mad-doctors in Victorian England
Love begets madness.  Viscount Locksley watched it happen to his father after his cherished wife's death.  But when his sire arranges to marry flame-haired fortune hunter Portia Gadstone,  Locke is compelled to take drastic measures to stop the stunning beauty from taking advantage of the marquess.  A marriage of mutual pleasure could be convenient, indeed, as long as inconvenient feelings don't interfere.  Desperation forced Portia to agree to marry a madman.  The arrangement will offer the protection she needs.  Or so she believes until the marquess's distractingly handsome son peruses the fine print, and takes his father's place!  Now the sedate, and more importantly, secure union Portia planned has been tossed in favor of one simmering with wicked temptation and potential heartbreak.  Because as she begins to fall for her devilishly seductive husband, her dark secrets surface and threaten to ruin them both, unless Locke is willing to risk all and open his heart to love.
The pelican at Blandings
Jane and the twelve days of Christmas
A Scot in the dark
My history : a memoir of growing up
An open elite? : England 1540-1880
Margaret the First : a novel
Lucky : an it girl novel
The great Gatsby
"Our crowd" : the great Jewish families of New York
Nine rules to break when romancing a rake
The age of innocence
Before the war
My ruthless prince
The widow's auction : a novella
With my hateful brother Binky in town, I've been desperately seeking an escape. To my delight, it comes in the form of an invitation from the Queen to represent the royals at a wedding in Transylvania - legendary home of vampires. I soon realise why I was the one honoured with such an invitation. The bride, Princess Maria Theresa, happens to be my old school chum, Matty. But my stay in her macabre - looking castle turns unnerving when I find dear Matty with blood running down her chin. Then, during the ceremony, a prominent wedding guest is poisoned. Something must be done lest the nuptial festivities go to ruin, or, worse yet, the couple's vows become: to love and to cherish, till undeath do us part.
The silver swan
Would I lie to you : a gossip girl novel
The lion's lady
Memories of a Marriage : a novel
Death by water
As the daughter of a famed author, Isolde Ophelia Goodnight grew up on tales of brave knights and fair maidens. She never doubted romance would be in her future, too. The storybooks offered endless possibilities. And as she grew older, Izzy crossed them off. One by one by one. Now Izzy's given up yearning for romance. She'll settle for a roof over her head. What fairy tales are left over for an impoverished twenty-six year-old woman who's never even been kissed?
My notorious gentleman
Empire V : the Prince of Hamlet
Humphrey Wescott, Earl of Riverdale, has died, leaving behind a fortune and a scandalous secret that will forever alter the lives of everyone in his family--including the daughter no one knew he had.... Anna Snow grew up in an orphanage in Bath, knowing nothing of the family she came from. Now she discovers that the late Earl of Riverdale was her father and that she has inherited his fortune. She is also overjoyed to learn she has siblings. However, they want nothing to do with her or her attempts to share her new wealth. But the new earl's guardian is interested in Anna....Avery Archer, Duke of Netherby, keeps others at a distance. Yet something prompts him to aid Anna in her transition from orphan to lady. As London society and Anna's newfound relatives threaten to overwhelm her, Avery steps in to rescue her and finds himself vulnerable to feelings and desires he has hidden so well for so long.
Don't you forget about me : a gossip girl novel
The proposal
A New York winter's tale
Nanny returns
Being thirty-fifth in line for the British throne has its advantages, but money isn't one of them. To make ends meet, Lady Georgiana Rannoch sometimes investigates a little royal wrongdoing.
Hitler's Valkyrie : the uncensored biography of Unity Mitford
Margot at war : love and betrayal in Downing Street, 1912-16
Of all the glamorous stars of New York high society, none blazes brighter than Babe Paley and her friends, the alluring socialite Swans. But beneath this elegantly composed exterior dwells a passionate woman, desperately longing for true love and connection. Enter Truman Capote. Through Babe, Truman gains unparalleled access to the scandal and gossip of Babe's powerful circle. Babe never imagines the destruction Truman will leave in his wake - even when the stories aren't his to tell.
While trying to ensure that his half-brother George can never ruin his life again, investigator Tristan Bonnaud, one of the Duke's Men, is hired by Lady Zoe Keane to find a gypsy woman who knows all of her family's secrets
Lonesome Lily turned Scandalous Siren Miss Lillian Harwood has lived much of her life alone in a gilded cage, longing for love and companionship. When an artist offers her pretty promises and begs her to pose for a scandalous portrait, Lily doesn't hesitate ...until the lying libertine leaves her in disgrace. With the painting now public, Lily has no choice but to turn to the one man who might save her from ruin. Highland Devil turned Halfhearted Duke The Duke of Warnick loathes all things English, none more so than the aristocracy. It does not matter that the imposing Scotsman has inherited one of the most venerable dukedoms in Britain - he wants nothing to do with it, especially when he discovers that the unwanted title comes with a troublesome ward, one who is far too old and far too beautiful to be his problem. Tartan Comes to Town Warnick arrives in London with a single goal: get the chit married and see her become someone else's problem, then return to a normal, quiet life in Scotland. It's the perfect plan, until Lily declares she'll only marry for love ...and the Scot finds that there is one thing in England he likes far too much ...
When Rosalind Sharpe gains the attention of the deliciously wicked Duke of Avendale, she's torn between her distracting attraction to the notorious rogue and the knowledge that he, rich as Croesus is the perfect target for a deception that will put her swindling days behind her. However, Avendale is no fool. After he discovers the tantalizing lady packing up to leave London with his coins in tow, he confronts her with a scandalous proposition: she can have all the money she requires ... for a week in his bed. Desperate for the funds, Rose agrees, but on one condition: he must never question her motives. Avendale quickly sees beneath her mask and discovers she is more than passion and pleasure - she is everything he has ever desired. But claiming her requires he unveil her secrets and lose her forever. Unless he can put his own dark past aside and risk everything for a chance at love.
Student engagement in Finnish lower secondary school
Someone to hold
The it girl
The countess conspiracy
My irresistible earl
Asia's wealth club : who's really who in business - the top 100 billionaires in Asia
The A-list : Beverly Hills High
"Margaret the First dramatizes the life of Margaret Cavendish, the shy, gifted, and wildly unconventional 17th-century Duchess. The eccentric Margaret wrote and published volumes of poems, philosophy, feminist plays, and utopian science fiction at a time when י4zbeing a writerי4y was not an option open to women. As one of the Queen&#x2019;s attendants and the daughter of prominent Royalists, she was exiled to France when King Charles I was overthrown. As the English Civil War raged on, Margaret met and married William Cavendish, who encouraged her writing and her desire for a career. After the War, her work earned her both fame and infamy in England: at the dawn of daily newspapers, she was י4zMad Madge,י4y an original tabloid celebrity. Yet Margaret was also the first woman to be invited to the Royal Society of London&#x2014;a mainstay of the Scientific Revolution&#x2014;and the last for another two hundred years." --Website.
How the scoundrel seduces
Ten ways to be adored when landing a lord
Seven nights in a rogue's bed
"The conclusion of the Red Rising trilogy. Born a lowly Red in the mines of Mars, Darrow lost his beloved wife to the treacherous Gold overlords. Vowing to fight for the future that his wife believed in, Darrow joins a secret revolutionary group and is remade into a Gold so that he can infiltrate the ruling class and bring them down from the inside. Now, after years of hiding amongst the Golds, Darrow is finally ready to declare open revolution and throw off the chains of oppression. Nothing in Darrow's world has been easily won, and this final fight will be the most harrowing of all"
Laurel Herbert married James, Lord Kirkland, as an innocent young girl. When she saw him perform an act of shocking violence, she declared she never wanted to see him again. Now, ten years later, a chance encounter with him turns passionate, with consequences that cannot be ignored.
The blue death
The family on Paradise Pier
Forever your Earl
Winter's tale
The girl with the windup heart
Ghosty men : the strange but true story of Collyer brothers, New York's greatest hoarders : an urban historical by
The big spenders
The carriage house : a novel
The mammoth book of Regency romance
Tartan tragedy
The house at Sugar Beach : in search of a lost African childhood
When he was wicked
The curious tale of the Lady Caraboo
Darling monster : the letters of Lady Diana Cooper to her son John Julius Norwich 1939-1952
Devious : an it girl novel
The custom of the country & other classic novels
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
Beautiful stranger : an A-list novel
"Gideon Harrow has spent his life in London's dark underworld--and he wants out. A thief and a con, he plans one last heist to finally win his freedom. But when everything goes wrong, he finds himself at the tender mercies of one of Society's most untouchable women--Lady Susanna Derring..... Susanna has spent her life in London's glittering ton, under the thumb of a domineering mother--and she wants out. When a wickedly charming rogue lands at her feet, she jumps at the chance to experience life before it's too late. But as she descends into London's underworld, she finds that nothing--not even Gideon--is as it seems. As excitement turns to danger, Susanna must decide what price she's willing to pay...for the love of a reformed thief"--provided by publisher.
The loveday conspiracy
A right honorable gentleman
I like it like that : a gossip girl novel
The poisoned chocolates case
Knowing matters : how students address lack of knowledge in bilingual classroom interaction
The custom of the army : an outlander novella
What a carve up!
Beyond the sunrise
The orchid house : a novel
Tempted : an it girl novel
Nothing can keep us together
Royal flush
The girl with the widows peak : the memoirs
In love with a wicked man
Murder at the Villa Byzantine
Take six girls : the lives of the Mittford sisters
Only in your dreams : a gossip girl novel
A presumption of death
The swans of Fifth Avenue : a novel
Gentry politics on the eve of the Russian revolution : the nationalist party 1907-1917
The heiress effect
Four classic novels
A certain age
Trials of the King of Hampshire : madness, secrecy and betrayal in Georgian England
Scandalous again
The bolter  : Idina Sackville - the woman who scandalised 1920s society and became "White Mischief"s infamous seductress
The criminology of white-collar crime
Honour and the sword
Fool me twice
Belle : the true story of Dido Belle
The rogue you know
Jeeves and the yule-tide spirit and other stories
London society fashion 1905-1925
One naughty night
Blotto, Twinks and the heir to the tsar
Romancing the duke
Heartless
The duke and the lady in red
Upper-class culture in Yi-dynasty Korea
The twelve clues of Christmas
Reckless : an it girl novel
Humphrey Westcott, Earl of Riverdale, has died, leaving behind a fortune that will forever alter the lives of everyone in his family - including the daughter no one knew he had. Anna Snow grew up in an orphanage in Bath knowing nothing of the family she came from. Now she discovers that the late Earl of Riverdale was her father and that she has inherited his fortune. She is also overjoyed to learn she has siblings. However, they want nothing to do with her or her attempts to share her new wealth. But the new earl's guardian is interested in Anna. Avery Archer, Duke of Netherby, keeps others at a distance. Yet something prompts him to aid Anna in her transition from orphan to lady. As London society and her newfound relatives threaten to overwhelm Anna, Avery steps in to rescue her and finds himself vulnerable to feelings and desires he has hidden so well and for so long.
Shanghai princess : her survival with pride & dignity
The House of Mitford
Political elites in Anglo-American democracies : changes in stable regimes
Studies in class structure
The English gentleman : images and ideals in literature and society
My scandalous viscount
1930's London: Poor Lady Georgiana - thirty-fourth in line to the throne - has been sent home due to a little scandal. Now she must keep the entirely unsuitable Mrs. Simpson from seducing the Prince of Wales - and help Scotland Yard by preventing someone from shooting the Prince of Wales instead of quails.
One wild winter's eve
Stormy Persuasion
California dreaming : an A-list novel
