http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6158 finches
finches
The food of two crossbill species, Loxia curvirostra and L. leucoptera, and its chemical composition was studied in NE Lapland in late winter 1969...
Effect of diet on the fatty acid composition of some organ fats in crossbills (Loxia curvirostra and L. leucoptera)
Fluctuation of a breeding population of Brambling Fringilla montifringilla during 33 years in a subalpine birch forest
Abstract: Both parents fed the young from their crops. The female was also fed by male near the nest. Between 02.00 and 20.00 there was no difference in feeding activity between the two parents...
Abstract: Gas-liquid chromatography was used to determine the major fatty acid composition of the total lipids of the subcutaneous fat and skeletal muscle fat, and of the triglyceride and phospholipid fractions of the subcutaneous fat, skeletal muscle fat, coronary fat and liver fat of two species of crossbills...
Finches : a guide to selection, housing, care, nutrition, behaviour, health, breeding and species
Maternal programming : costs, benefits and constraints of maternal hormone transfer
Finches for dummies
Parental care of a pair of Pine Grosbeaks Pinicola enucleator during the nestling period
I am Henry Finch
The ultimate encyclopedia of caged and aviary birds : a practical family reference guide to keeping pet birds, with expert advice on buying, understanding, breeding and exhibiting birds
Handbook of the birds of Europe, the Middle East and North Africa : the birds of the Western Palearctic. Vol. 8, Crows to finches
Unusual imitation and song syntax in a Chaffinch Fringilla coelebs during pre-breeding season
Ecology and evolution of Darwin's finches
Morphological differentiation and adaptation in the Galápagos finches
Adaptive control of starvation risk in greenfinches (Carduelis chloris)
Handbook of zebra finches
How and why species multiply : the radiation of Darwin's finches
Territorial behavioural and breeding strategies in the Chaffinch Fringilla coelebs
Heat thermosensitivity of the brain and spinal cord in Greenfinches
Eating of wood by Parrot Crossbills, Loxia pytyopsittacus, and Redpolls, Carduelis flammea
Long-term constancy of two rain-call dialects of the Chaffinch Fringilla coelebs in Finnish and Russian Karelia: a consequence of site-fidelity?
Causes and consequences of individual variation in energy turnover rates
Tallinna XI graafikatriennaal = 11th Tallinn print triennial, 18.9. - 18.10. 1998 / [kataloogi toimetajad = editors of the catalogue: Mare Pedanik, Liina Siib, Anu Liivak]
Winter nutrition of crossbills (Loxia curvirostra and L. leucoptera) in northeastern Lapland in 1969
Caring for your pet bird : a practical handbook
Immune function, parasites, and carotenoid-based ornaments in greenfinches
Breeding site tenacity of the Chaffinch Fringilla coelebs and the Brambling F. montifringilla in northern Finland
Notes on some southern bird species found in the vicinity of Kevo in Utsjoki, Finnish Lapland
Gouldian finches : everythig about purchase, housing, nutrition, health care and breeding
Finches & sparrows : an identification guide
