http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6156 international employment contracts
international employment contracts
The ILO in the service of social progress : a workers' education manual
A future without child labour : global report under follow-up to the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work : International Labour conference, 90th session 2002 : report of the Director-General
The international labour organization and human rights
Summary (s. v-xv).
Confronting globalization : the quest for a social agenda : Geneva lectures
International human resource management and international assignments
Report of the Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations (articles 19, 22 and 35 of the Constitution) : third item on the agenda : information and reports on the application of conventions and recommendations
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
Report. 3, (Part 5), Lists of ratifications by Convention and by country (as at 31 December 1993)
The Spitsbergen Treaty : multilateral governance in the Arctic
Background information for developing an ILO policy framework for hazardous substances
Global business regulation
Fundamental rights at work and international labour standards
Accelerating action against child labour : global report under the follow-up to the ILO declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work
Implementing codes of conduct : how businesses manage social performance in global supply chains
Equality at work : tackling the challenges : global report under the follow-up to the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work
Report of the Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations : Report III (Part 4A) : third item on the agenda : information and reports on the application of conventions and recommendations
The Council of Europe and the social challenges of the XXIst century, Brussels, 9 May 2000 : International Conference
Your voice at work : global report under the Follow-up to the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work
Breaking through the glass ceiling : women in management
Report. 3, part 4 B, General survey of the reports on the Merchant Shipping (minimum standards) Convention (no. 147) and the Merchant Shipping (improvement of standards) Recommendation (no. 155), 1976 : report
Employment contracts in private international law
International trade and core labour standards
Corporate success through people : making international labour standards work for you
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
International labour conventions and recommendations 1952-1976. Vol. 2, 1952-1976
ILO standards on occupational safety and health : promoting a safe and healthy working environment
China and ILO fundamental principles and rights at work
Codex : International labour and social security law
The European Union and the social dimension of globalization : how the EU influences the world
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis :   an interdisciplinary approach
International labour conventions and national law : the effectiveness of the automatic incorporation of treaties in national legal systems
Essays on current account imbalances
Organizing for social justice : global report under the follow-up to the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work : report of the Director-General
European public contracts in a labour law perspective
Social security : standards for the XXIst century
Report of the Committee of Experts on the Applicaton of Conventions and Recommendations (articles 19, 22 and 35 of the Constitution)
Eliminating the worst forms of child labour : a practical guide to ILO Convention no. 182.
Contract and control in the entertainment industry : dancing on the edge of heaven
International human resource management /.
Social human rights of Europe
Human rights and disabled persons : essays and relevant human rights instruments
Lists of ratifications by convention and by country (as of 31 December 2002) : third item on the agenda : information and reports on the application of conventions and recommendations
Corporate social responsibility : the corporate governance of the 21st century
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
Sending workers abroad : a manual for low- and middle-income countries
Time for equality at work : global report under the follow-up to the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
The employment relationship : a comparative overview
Transnational labour regulation : the ILO and EC compared
ILO programme implementation 2006-07 : report of the Director-General
Information document on ratifications and standards-related activities (as to 31 December 2008)
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
International labour conventions and recommendations 1919-1981 : arranged by subject-matter
Executive summary (s. VII-X).
ABC of women workers' rights and gender equality
International human resource management
Corporate human rights obligations : in search of accountability
International labour conventions and recommendations. Vol. 1, 1919-1951
Addressing human trafficking as a forced labour concern : the policy implications
ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and its follow-up
Posted work and deterritorialization in the European Union : a study of the German construction and meat industry
ILO programme implementation 2008-2009 : report of the Director-General
Conclusions (s. 149-154).
Business law in Europe : leqal, tax and labour aspects of business operations in the EEC and Switzerland
Act on Law Applicable to Sale of Goods of International Character & Act on Law Applicable to Contracts of International Character, Including the Act of 27 May 1988 on the Amendment of the Employment Contracts Act
The promise and limits of private power : promoting labor standards in a global economy
The globalization of labour standards : the soft law track : global compact, ILO principles, NAFTA ageement, OECD guidelines
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis : an interdisciplinary approach
Summary (s. ix-xiv).
The second Global Report on discrimination under the follow-up to the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work examines emerging issues in patterns of workplace discrimination and inequalities and recent policy responses, and outlines the ILO's experience and achievements to date and the challenges it faces. It points to the need for better enforcement of legislation against discrimination, as well as non-regulatory initiatives by governments and enterprises, and equipping the social partners to be more effective in making equality a reality at the workplace. The Report puts forward other proposals for future action, including making equality a mainstream objective of the ILO's Decent Work Country Programmes. The Global Report describes major advances in the struggle against discrimination, including progress in ratification of related ILO Conventions, as well as improvements on the national legal and institutional fronts, and action plans and programmes to combat inequalities stemming from discrimination. It also identifies challenges such as weak law enforcement, lack of resources among bodies set up to fight discrimination, plans that are too narrow in scope and programmes too short in duration, and the informal economy as one area where equality-enhancing policies face particular difficulties in making an impact.
Access to Finnish law
Basic documents on international migration law
Fundamental principles of occupational health and safety
Summary (s. 11-12).
International labour law
Globalisation and labour rights : the conflict between core labour rights and international economic law
International labour standards : a workers' education manual
The promotion of sustainable enterprises : sixth item on the agenda
The end of child labour : within reach : global report under the follow-up to the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work
The right to be a part of nature : indigenous peoples and the environment
Report of the Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations (as of 31 December 2002) : Report III (Part 1A) : third item on the agenda : information and reports on the application of conventions and recommendations
Employment contracts and well-being among European workers
Report of the Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations : Report III (Part 1A) : third item on the agenda : information and reports on the application of conventions and recommendations
Open innovation in collaborative networks : the initial phase in industrial business
Act on law applicable to sale of goods of international character & Act on law applicable to contracts of international character (including the Act of 27 May 1988 on the amendement of the employment contracts act) : translations of Finnish legislation
Summary (s. 337-359).
Europe - giving shape to an idea
International labour conventions and recommendations. Vol. 3, 1977-1995
The right to decent work of persons with disabilities
