http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6161 common law marriage divorce
common law marriage divorce dissolution of common law marriage
This paper examines whether there has been a change in the effects of three divorce risk factors, female educational attainment, cohabitation, and parity. Several theoretical reasons suggest such a change, but the existing evidence gives mixed results. First marriages of Finnish women married between 1954 and 1989 are analysed using data from the Fertility and Family Surveys (FFS), collected in 1989 and 1990. The results from the discrete-time event history models show that the effect of having children on marital stability has changed: the impact of having two children has become less evident, while the effect of having three children or more has increased. These trends hold after controlling for young children and premarital children. Some explanations for this shift are discussed. .
Bromley ́s family law
Being stalked : recognizing post-separation stalking and helping its victims.
Mortality, disability, psychiatric treatment and medication in first-onset schizophrenia in Finland : the register linkage study
Why don't we all live together anymore? : big issues for little people after a family break-up
Trends in childbearing and nuptiality in Sweden : a period analysis
Modern couples sharing money, sharing life
Family law in Europe
Separations among Finnish women born between 1938-1967
Parenthood in modern society : legal and social issues for the twenty-first century
Living arrangements and health
Family formation and structure in Finland
Abstract.
Marriage and cohabitation in contemporary societies : areas of legal, social and ethical change : an international and interdisciplinary study
Family law
The transformation of family law : state, law, and family in the United States and Western Europe
Being stalked : recognizing post-separation stalking and helping its victims
Divorce Risk Factors Across Finnish Marriage cohorts, 1954-1989
Family law. Volume 2, Cohabitation, marriage and divorce
The break-up
The FinnDiab report : health care of people with diabetes in Finland : inpatient and outpatient care, metabolic control and direct costs of care
Partnership in Europe : its variety, trends and dissolution : a section of a work in progress
Sharing lives, dividing assets : an inter-disciplinary study
Being Stalked: Recognizing Post-Separation Stalking and Helping its Victims.
Marriage rites and rights
Who am I without you? :  52 ways to rebuild self-esteem after a breakup
The Break-up
