http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6168 fuelwood
fuelwood
Forests, wood and energy : policy interactions : proceedings and summary of discussions at the UNECE Timber Committe Policy Forum, 2003
Bioenergy 2009 : 31.8.-4.9.2009 : book of proceedings part 2
Assessment of energy wood resources in Northwest Russia
Bioenergy 2007, 3.-6.9.2007 : book of proceedings
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Possibilities for solar power in a community : Usage of solar panels in Ruusutarha allotment gardening
Forest products annual market review 2006-2007
Proceedings of the joint IEA/Forestry Energy Programme and FAO/Cooperative Network on Rural Energy Forest Energy Conference and Workshops on: Research in Forestry for Energy Rungstedgaard, Denmark Oct 28-30,1985. Vol. I-II
Glossary of terms relating to timber and woodwork
Effects of forest management on sustainability of integrated timber and energy wood production : scenario analysis based on ecosystem model simulations
Nutrition of deciduous tree species grown in short rotation stands
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 3.
Firewood crops : shrub and tree species for energy production : report of an Ad Hoc Panel of the Advisory Committee on Technology Innovation. Vol. 2.
Growing power : bioenergy solutions from Finland
Integrated production method of wood fuel and pulp wood
Green Energy from the Forest : work environment, quality, production
Households' energy supply and the use of fuelwood in the Taita Hills, Kenya
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Growth model for mini-rotation plantations = Lyhytkiertoviljelmän kasvumalli
Integrated harvesting of delimbed industrial roundwood and energy wood in thinnings
Wood structure, properties and biological degradation : phD course in wood technology 20-25 April, 2009
Environmental aspects of wood energy : environmental impact assessment-approach and Tanzanian forestry
Effects of system configurations on the primary stages of wood-chip supply
Energy wood thinning as a part of the stand management of Scots pine and Norway spruce
Forces required to vertically uproot tree stumps
Comparison of wood based energy related policies in Russia and Finland : case study of the Republic of Karelia and North Karelia
Successful development in the production of wood fuel
Estimation of energy wood potential in Europe
Forest products : the harvesting, processing, and marketing of materials other than lumber, including the principal derivatives, extractives and incidental products in the United States and Canada
Short rotation forestry for energy single stem plantations : contractor report
Tightening competition over wood-based industry
Solid and laminated wood bending
Short rotation forestry : retrospective search : (update March 1977 - February 1978)
Strategies and means of development : South and North : seminarpapers in Hyvärilä-seminar 4th-7th August 1988
Estimation of supply and delivery cost of energy wood from Northwest Russia
Analyzing and Forecasting the Russian Market for MHG Systems Oy. : Wood Pellet Production in Russia.
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain—a chemical study
Current and potential wood fuel resources and bottlenecks of utilization in Baltic and Nordic countries
Silvicultural decisions based on simulation-optimization systems
Fuelwood from early thinnings
[Abstract].
Forest products, their manufacture and use : embracing the principal commercial features in the production, manufacture, and utilization of the most important forest products other than lumber in the United States
Comparison of approaches to integrate energy wood estimation into the Finnish compartment inventory system
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
Policies and their implementation tools enhancing the energy wood market : a comparative case study of Finland and Slovakia
Regional energy wood logistics : optimizing local fuel supply
Bioenergy : for what and how much?
Review, Assessment and Development of Search Engine for Residential Wood Combustion
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 5.
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 4.
Global potential of modern fuelwood
Biomass production and nutrition of short-rotation plantations
The cost competitiveness of conifer stumps in the procurement of forest chips for fuel in Southern and Northern Finland
Renewable energy and climate policies : studies in the forest and energy sector
Effects of forest-fuel harvesting on the diversity of dead wood and epixylic macrolichens in clear-cuts
Cold air ventilated and sealed storage of wood-chips from willow : laboratory experiments
Bioenergy 2003 Conference, 2.-5.9.2003 : book of proceedings
Operational efficiency of forest energy supply chains in different operational environments
Understanding the characteristics of unutilized biomass resources, such as small-diameter trees from biomass-dense thinning forests (BDTF) (non-commercially-thinned forests), can provide important information for developing a bio-based economy. The aim of this study was to describe the areal distribution, characteristics (biomass of growing stock, tree height, etc.) and harvesting potential of BDTF in Sweden. A national forest inventory plot dataset was imported into a geographical information system and plots containing BDTF were selected by applying increasingly stringent constraints. Results show that, depending on the constraints applied, BDTF covers 9-44% (2.1-9.8 M ha) of the productive forest land area, and contains 7-34% of the total growing stock (119-564 M OD t), with an average biomass density of 57 OD t ha-1. Of the total BDTF area, 65% is located in northern Sweden and 2% corresponds to set-aside farmlands. Comparisons with a study from 2008 indicate that BDTF area has increased by at least 4% (about 102 000 ha), in line with general trends for Sweden and Europe. Analyses revealed that the technical harvesting potential of delimbed stemwood (over bark, including tops) from BDTF ranges from 3.0 to 6.1 M OD t yr-1 (7.5 to 15.1 M m3 yr-1), while the potential of whole-tree harvesting ranges from 4.3 to 8.7 M OD t yr-1 (10.2 to 20.6 M m3 yr-1) depending on the scenario considered. However, further technological developments of the harvest and supply systems are needed to utilize the full potential of BDTF..
FORMEC 2006 : 39th International Symposium on Forestry Mechanization, 24-28 September 2006, Sofia, Bulgaria : Proceedinga
Moisture content of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) stump wood at clear cutting areas and roadside storage sites
Bioenergy feasibility study - Berzasca, Romania
Evaluation of energy forestry research in Sweden
Dry fine grinding of Norway spruce (<em>Picea abies</em>) wood in impact-based fine grinding mills
Immediate effects of logging, mounding and stump harvesting on coarse woody debris and epixylic species in managed Norway spruce stands in southern Finland
The profitability of using indigenous fuel in a district heating plant - a model for project appraisals
Added-value innovation of forest biomass supply chains
Development towards an efficient and sustainable biofuel drying
Global economic and environmental aspects of biofuels
Biomass energy policy in Africa : selected case studies
Sawing and planing
Supply chain management applications for forest fuel procurement : cost or benefit?
Logging residues (LR), i.e. tops, branches, and needles, are increasingly being harvested for energy production in Fennoscandia. These residues are temporarily piled on site awaiting transport. This study was undertaken to investigate effects on the soil and soil-water chemistry below different amounts of LR at two recently harvested coniferous sites in Sweden. Seven treatments were included and the studied amounts of LR ranged from no LR left on the ground to four times the estimated LR amount of the harvested stands. Two treatments included eight times the estimated LR amount of the harvested stands but here the LR were removed after 7 or 20 weeks. Soil-water samples were collected during the first six or seven growing seasons. Effects of treatment were detected in the soil water for 11 chemical variables at the northern site, and for the NO3- and Cl- concentrations at the southern site. The strongest response was generally found in the treatment with four times the estimated LR amount, for which the highest concentrations were recorded in most cases. In the first three seasons, the water flux through the LR decreased with an increasing amount of residue. Effects on the exchangeable store of Ca2+ in the mor layer and the upper 20 cm of the mineral soil was detected at both sites. At the northern site, the weight of the remaining LR, ground vegetation and all other material above the mor layer in the treatments with two and four times the estimated LR amount was roughly twice the corresponding weights at the southern site seven years after treatment. Although strong effects on the soil-solution chemistry were detected at one of the study sites, in the treatments corresponding to two and four times the estimated logging residue amount, the effect on the leaching from an entire regeneration area is likely to be relatively small given the percentage of the area hosting these logging residue amounts (ca. 20% after stem-only harvesting and 9% after fuel-adapted felling).
Conditions and prospects for increasing forest yield in northern Europe
Harvesting technology and the cost of fuel chips from early thinnings
Distribution, characteristics and potential of biomass-dense thinning forests in Sweden
Strategies and means of development, south and north : seminarpapers in Hyvärilä-seminar 4th-7th August 1988
Process redesign in development of forest biomass supply for energy
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
Coupling greenhouse gas credits with biofuel production cost in determining conversion plant size
The aim of this study was to evaluate cost competitiveness, at regional level, of various systems for stump transportation and grinding, and to compare the results to the procurement costs of delimbed stems from early thinnings at the stand and regional level. The accumulation and procurement costs of stumps and delimbed stems were estimated within a 100-kilometer radius from two power plants located in Kouvola and in Kajaani. The analyses were performed as simulated treatments in clear cuts and thinnings of young stands, using existing productivity and cost functions, alternative ash percentages for stump wood, and yield calculations based on the forest industry regeneration felling stand data and the sample plots data of the National Forest Inventory of Finland. The results were expressed as Euros per solid cubic meter (€ m-3) and Euros per megawatt hour (€ MWh-1). The results highlight the need to improve stump fuel quality and increase the heating value. The procurement cost of stumps was about 1 € MWh-1 lower in Kouvola compared to Kajaani, when using conceivable ash content of 6% for stumps ground at the plant, and ash content of 1.5% for stumps pre-ground at the roadside landing. The procurement costs of stumps were, on average, 0.55 € MWh-1 lower compared to delimbed stems in Kouvola, and on average 0.6 € MWh-1 higher in Kajaani. Pre-grinding and integrated screening is a feasible way to guarantee the fuel quality expressed as ash content already at roadside landings, but the procurement costs are higher compared to grinding stumps at the plant, when the ash content of ground stumps is 6% or less..
Monitoring the chipping and transportation of wood fuels with a fleet management system
A preliminary screening of woody plants as biomass crops on energy farms : final report
Solid wood-based fuels in energy production in Finland
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 1.
Combining forest fire prevention and forest fuel production in Andalusia (Southern Spain)
MOHA - flexible technology and logistics for production of fuel chips
This unique book provides the first comprehensive overview of wood based bioenergy in the northern hardwood forests of the Eastern United States. This includes a holistic look at the topic of wood based bioenergy, as well as focused analyses of key topics.
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
Woodwork joints : kinds of joints how they are cut and where used
The effects of forest-fuel harvesting on fungi in boreal forests
Wood for bioenergy : forests as a resource for biomass and biofuels
Summary.
Forest biomass production potential and its implications for carbon balance
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 6.
Potential for willow cultivation and energy production in Finland : charting the possibilities for producing energy from commercial willow plantations on arable lands
Soil and soil-water chemistry below different amounts of logging residues at two harvested forest sites in Sweden
Energy from forest biomass
NSR Conference on Forest Operations 2004 : proceedings : Hyytiälä Forest Field Station, Finland, 30-31 August 2004
Production techniques of logging residue chips in Finland
Handbook of bioenergy crop plants
Early thinnings are laborious and costly. Thus forest companies are searching for cost and time efficient ways to carry out this task. The study's purpose was to determine the productivity of the EF28 accumulating energy wood harvesting head in harvesting small-diameter hornbeam (Carpinus betulus L.) undergrowth trees and evaluate the effect of its multi-tree handling (MTH) capacity on time consumption. The harvester was a wheeled, three-axle Komatsu 911. A time study of 7.1 hours on 19 plots, with a total area of 0.76 ha was conducted. On average, the harvested tree volume was 8 dm³ and the stand density was 2666 trees/ha. The productivity was modelled with MTH conduction, mean diameter at breast height and the number of trees handled per cycle as independent variables. On average, MTH took 27% longer per cycle, increased extracted volume per cycle by 33% and consequently increased productivity with 5.0%. In 71.9% of the cycles more than one tree was handled and if so, dimensions were smaller than in single-tree handling (5.8 cm vs. 12.0 cm). Maximum felling diameter of 23 cm was about 15% smaller than in softwood (according to the manufacturer's specifications) and the driver didn't exploit the EF28's theoretical potential in terms of trees handled per cycle. It can be concluded that the head could significantly improve productivity in small-diameter wood procurement..
Energy wood thinning as a part of stand management of Scots pine and Norway spruce
The MASSAHAKE method pulp chips and high-grade wood fuel from whole-tree chips
Harvesting technology of forest residues for fuel in the USA and Finland
Small-scale production and use of wood fuel
Estimation of potential production of energy wood in the Leningrad region of Russia
Comparison of a whole tree bundler and a harwarder in small diameter energy wood procurement
Moisture content of Norway spruce stump wood at clear cutting areas and roadside storage sites
Selection of Salix myrsinifolia clones for biomass forestry in Finland
Analyzing the views of wood harvesting professionals related to the approaches for increasing the cost-efficiency of wood harvesting from young stands
Firewood crops : shrub and tree species for energy production : report of an Ad Hoc Panel of the Advisory Committee on Technology Innovation
Energy wood and pulpwood harvesting from young stands using a prototype whole-tree bundler
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
Wood-based energy in the northern forests
Assessing impacts of intensified biomass removal and biodiversity protection on European forests
Energy wood potential, supply systems and costs in Tihvin and Boksitogorsk districts of the Leningrad region
Retention forestry and intensified biomass harvest : epiphytic lichen assemblages under opposing ecological effects in pine-dominated boreal forests
Effects of forest management and climate change on energy biomass and timber production with implications for carbon stocks and net CO2 exchange in boreal forest ecosystems
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 2.
Metsäteollisuus vuonna nolla = The forest industries in year zero
Effect of multi-tree handling and tree-size on harvester performance in small-diameter hardwood thinnings
Bundling - a technique to stay for forest fuels?
Moisture content, weight loss and potential of energy wood in South and Central Ostrobothnia regions in western Finland
Atlas of the forest sector in Poland
Height increment of hybrid aspen Populus tremuloides × P. tremula as a function of weather conditions in south-western part of Latvia
Proceedings of the ESCAP/FAO/UNEP Expert Group Meeting on Fuelwood and Charcoal
Bioenergy feasibility study : Berzasca, Romania
Weight, volume and properties of energy wood - measurements based on energy wood supply chain
Wood harvesting and logistics in Russia : focus on research and business opportunities : final report of the research project
First-thinning harvesting alternatives for industrial or energy purposes based on regional Scots pine stand simulations in Finland
Bioenergy 2003 Conference 2.-5.9.2003 : book of proceedings
The ”Sustainable forest energy” project
Harvesting technology and cost of fuel chips from early thinnings
Energy wood harvesting in Estonia
Fuel switching, energy saving and carbon trading : three ways to control carbon dioxide emissions in the Finnish forest industry
Combining research into forest management stand conditions and wood supply chain processes has been missing from earlier forestry studies. There is a clear need to develop more cost-efficient small-diameter wood production, harvesting and transportation methods from first thinning, which could be used for either industrial or energy wood purposes. This study considers the total cost for small-diameter wood originating from young Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) dominated stands. Pine pulpwood is the most harvested and most used roundwood assortment, use of which is expected to rise following new pulp-mill investments in Finland. In addition, utilisation of small-diameter trees directly for energy purposes has been increasing steadily in recent years. The aim of the study was to determine the cost-reduction potential of alternative forest management options and supply chains for small diameter-wood in the regional case of South Savo in eastern Finland. The total costs of three distinct scenarios were studied on the basis of forest management, first-thinning harvesting methods, and transportation: 1) industrial wood, 2) delimbed energy wood, and 3) whole trees for energy purposes. The cost-reduction potential for energy-wood supply chains from first thinning was compared to the industrial supply chain. Small-diameter delimbed wood delivered straight for energy purposes was found to be the most cost-efficient as far as the total cost of the supply chain is concerned. More cost-efficient small-diameter wood processes can be found by linking forest stand simulations with supply chain analysis..
Working in harvesting teams : work environment, quality, production. Part 2, Practical production
Regional potential yields of short rotation willow plantations on agricultural land in Northern Europe
Changes to forest management and silvicultural techniques necessitated by forest energy production : International energy agency/Bioenergy agreement, Activity A1. Conventional forestry systems Garpenberg 30 September - 4 October 1990
Procurement of timber for the Finnish forest industries
Principles of woodcutting machinists' work
Discrete-event simulation of mechanized wood-harvesting systems
Assessment of energy wood resources in the Leningrad region
