http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6163 divorced persons
divorced persons
Straight up
The winner stands alone
Caught in the middle : protecting the children of high-conflict divorce
Lily and the octopus
Going home again
Ex-spouses and new spouses : a study of relationships
The friends we keep
Single life and the city 1200-1900
Dare to hold
Christmas on Nantucket : a novel
The long shadow
Men and divorce
Enough said
Mothers without custody
One last thing before I go
Handbook of parenting. Vol. 3, Being and becoming a parent
Why don't we all live together anymore? : big issues for little people after a family break-up
The art of drowning
Maintenance after divorce
Beneath the neon egg
The magic of this novel is in the read, and we do not want to spoil it by giving away too many details. We can tell you that this is a story about that special someone: the one you trust, the one you can’t live without. For Ted Flask, that someone special is his aging companion Lily, who happens to be a dog. Lily and the Octopus reminds us how it feels to love fiercely, how difficult it can be to let go, and how the fight for those we love is the greatest fight of all.
Life, death & gold leather trousers
Family dynamics after separation : a life course perspective on post-divorce families
The look of love
What Maisie knew
The broken bubble
Nothing lasts forever
My husband next door
Winter street : a novel
Every Fifteen Minutes
The control freak chronicles
"An exuberant new novel, from an internationally bestselling author that will delight fans of Maria Semple's Where'd You Go, Bernadette?, and CBS's The Good Wife, about a modern-day superwoman who leans in so far she falls over. Liddy James is forty-four, fit, and fabulous. One of New York's top divorce attorneys, a bestselling author, and a mother of two, she glides through the courtrooms and salons of the Manhattan elite with ease. Despite a devastating divorce from her first love, literature professor Peter James, Liddy, Peter, and Peter's sympathetic new partner, Rose, have formed a modern family to raise Liddy and Peter's truculent teen and Liddy's adorable, if fatherless, six-year-old. With her lonely and impoverished New Jersey childhood far behind her, to the outside world Liddy's life is perfect. Until it isn't. When Rose announces an unexpected pregnancy, Liddy's beloved nanny takes flight, a high-profile divorce case becomes too personal, and child support and maintenance payments collide with a looming bill for a roof repair, Liddy realizes she might have finally bitten off more than she can chew. Sharply written and deftly observed, The Real Liddy James offers a sparkling glimpse into the demanding world of New York's fast-paced career women, challenging convention and asking the question: When the cost of having it all becomes too high, can we value living another way?"--
Forever friday : a novel
Crazy on you
Wheels of fire : a novel of the SERRAted Edge
Tales of burning love
Now you see her
Being stalked : recognizing post-separation stalking and helping its victims.
A French novel
The neighbor
The boy next door
Dog on it : a Chet and Bernie mystery
Rebuilding : when your relationship ends
Schroder : a novel
Christmas at Twilight
Breaking up blues : a guide to survival and growth
"For better and for worse, or until..." : on divorce and guilt
A.C.O.D. adult children of divorce
The odd couple. Season one
A crowded marriage
Beyond the blossoming fields
Fifty-year-old Marcy Taggart's husband has left her for another woman. Devastating as that may be, it hardly compares to the death of her 21-year-old daughter, Devon, in a canoeing accident. Her body was never found in the icy waters of Georgian Bay, and as a result Marcy has never fully accepted her death. Now, in Ireland, Marcy yet again thinks she sees her daughter casually strolling past her on the sidewalk, which will lead to a desperate search to find the truth / WorldCat.
The pride of Jared MacKade
"An unsuccessful writer and an inveterate alcoholic, Boris Alikhanov has recently divorced his wife Tatyana, and he is running out of money. The prospect of a summer job as a tour guide at the Pushkin Hills Preserve offers him hope of regaining some balance in life as his wife makes plans to emigrate to the West with their daughter Masha, but during Alikhanov's stay in the rural estate of Mikhaylovskoye, his life continues to unravel. Populated with unforgettable characters-including Alikhanov's fellow guides Mitrofanov and Pototsky, and the KGB officer Belyaev-Pushkin Hills ranks among Dovlatov's renowned works The Suitcase and The Zone as his most personal and poignant portrayal of the Russian attitude towards life and art."--
The gift of gray
Social security provisions in case of divorce : report of a round table meeting (Geneva, 29 June - 1 July 1977)
Every fifteen minutes
Queen of dreams
The real Liddy James
Drinking and dating : P.S. Social media is ruining romance
Divorced families : a multidisciplinary development view
Already home
The guide for separated parents : putting your children first
A mother apart : how to let go of guilt & find happiness living apart from your child
Las orchestra saves the world
The ambivalence of sacrifice
Forgive and forget
Mothers and divorce : legal, economic, and social dilemmas
Stepfamilies : who benefits? : who does not?
Women and marital breakdown in South India : reconstructing homes, bonds and persons
The silk factory
Choral society
The second wives club
How to love your kids more than you hate your ex
Ex-etiquette for Holidays and other family celebrations
Mary Ann in autumn : a tales of the city novel
Body surfing : a novel
Without witness
Committed : a sceptic makes peace with marriage
Travels in the scriptorium
In many Western societies, there has been a tremendous increase in family diversity over the course of the past few decades, resulting in a considerable prevalence of non-traditional family forms. The increased instability of marital and nonmarital unions entails new challenges for both parents and children. In this special issue, family scholars from different disciplines examine from a life course perspective how re-partnering processes work and how family relationships are rearranged in order to adapt to the altered needs and requirements of post-separation family life. Recent demographic changes such as the rise in divorce rates have contributed to a loss of biographical security. From a life course perspective, partnership and parenthood biographies have become more complex, which has challenged the notion of a "normative biography“ of life-long marriage and the formation of a nuclear family with shared biological children. Thus, many individuals face the challenge of rearranging their lives after a separation of divorce, which includes not only the search for a new partnership but also the redefinition of existing ties to one's ex-partner (and often co-parent) and to one's biological and social children. Family life often becomes regulated legally (e.g. via custody arrangements), and even the basic definitions of the boundaries of post-separation families may be blurred. The contributions to this volume illustrate that post-divorce families are complex social units and that the involved individuals actively create their life courses in a social process.
Being stalked : recognizing post-separation stalking and helping its victims
Committed : a love story
The coroner
A patchwork planet
