http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6160 divorce
divorce
Joint custody with a jerk : raising a child with an uncooperative ex = a hands-on, practical quide to communicating with a difficult ex-spouse
Who am I without you? :  52 ways to rebuild self-esteem after a breakup
You came back : a novel
Divorce and the special needs child
Help your children cope with your divorce
Divorce mediation and the legal process
The law of separation and divorce
Divorced and deadly
After divorce
The perfect couple
The throes and relief of divorce
"For better and for worse, or until..." : on divorce and guilt
Rebuilding : when your relationship ends
Thriving after divorce : transforming your life when a relationship ends
The girl who couldn't stop arguing
Divorce reform : changing legal and social perspectives
My husband's wife
Life after divorce : economic, social and psychological well-being among Swedish adults and children following family dissolution
Parting : the aftermath of separation and divorce
Sea glass summer
The divorce doctor
The suitcase kid
Why don't we all live together anymore? : big issues for little people after a family break-up
Distribution of matrimonial assets on divorce
Divorce law and practice
Splitting heirs - divorce planning and pre-nuptial agreements for family business in Ireland
"An exuberant new novel, from an internationally bestselling author that will delight fans of Maria Semple's Where'd You Go, Bernadette?, and CBS's The Good Wife, about a modern-day superwoman who leans in so far she falls over. Liddy James is forty-four, fit, and fabulous. One of New York's top divorce attorneys, a bestselling author, and a mother of two, she glides through the courtrooms and salons of the Manhattan elite with ease. Despite a devastating divorce from her first love, literature professor Peter James, Liddy, Peter, and Peter's sympathetic new partner, Rose, have formed a modern family to raise Liddy and Peter's truculent teen and Liddy's adorable, if fatherless, six-year-old. With her lonely and impoverished New Jersey childhood far behind her, to the outside world Liddy's life is perfect. Until it isn't. When Rose announces an unexpected pregnancy, Liddy's beloved nanny takes flight, a high-profile divorce case becomes too personal, and child support and maintenance payments collide with a looming bill for a roof repair, Liddy realizes she might have finally bitten off more than she can chew. Sharply written and deftly observed, The Real Liddy James offers a sparkling glimpse into the demanding world of New York's fast-paced career women, challenging convention and asking the question: When the cost of having it all becomes too high, can we value living another way?"--
Other people's children
What is the best way to avoid divorce : the story you have never heard before
Effects of parental divorce on children's personality development
Trends in Childbearing, Marriage and Divorce in Sweden: An Update with Data up to 2012.
A father's revenge
The divorce revolution : the unexpected social and economic consequences for women and children in America
A severed head
Brooklyn Heights
The birthday that changed everything
Manhood for amateurs : the pleasures and regrets of a husband, father, and son
Helping children cope with separation and loss
The long way home: the powerful 4-step plan for adult children of divorce
Tolstoy on divorce and matrimonial causes including proceedings in magistrates' courts
How to love your kids more than you hate your ex
"From a distance, Michael and Joleen Zarkades seem to have it all: a solid marriage, two exciting careers, and children they adore. But after twelve years together, the couple has lost their way; they are unhappy and edging toward divorce. Then the Iraq war starts. An unexpected deployment will tear their already fragile family apart, sending one of them deep into harm's way and leaving the other at home, waiting for news. When the worst happens, each must face their darkest fear and fight for the future of their family. An intimate look at the inner landscape of a disintegrating marriage and a dramatic exploration of the price of war on a single American family, HOME FRONT is a provocative and timely portrait of hope, honor, loss, forgiveness, and the elusive nature of love"--
She wanted a birthday surprise, just not the one she got...The last thing Sally Summers expected from her husband on her special day was that he'd leave her for a Latvian lap dancer half her age. So with her world in tatters, Sally jets off to Turkey for some sun, sea and sanctuary. The Blue Bay resort brings new friends and the perfect balm for Sally's broken heart in gorgeous Dubliner James. He's just the birthday present she needs. And when the chemistry between them continues to spark as the holiday ends, Sally wonders if this is more than just a summer fling. But James has scars of his own and Sally isn't quite ready to turn her back on her marriage. This birthday might have changed everything, but what will the next one bring?
Surviving divorce : men beyond marriage
Social security provisions in case of divorce : report of a round table meeting (Geneva, 29 June - 1 July 1977)
The wild things : a novel
The road to Reno : a history of divorce in the United States
The litigators
Living with mum and living with dad : my two homes
We present an update of the main and parity-specific trends in vital family-demographic behavior in Sweden presented in Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2011. Based on Swedish register data, previous time series of relative risks of childbearing, marriage, and divorce by calendar year are updated with another five years of observation. We demonstrate that more than a decade of increasing fertility levels turned into moderate fertility declines in 2011. This trend reversal pertains to all main birth orders. Marriage propensities continued to increase for mothers but stagnated for the childless. Since the turn of the century, trends in divorce risks seem to have leveled off, altogether reflecting a more prevalent role of marriage in recent Swedish family dynamics.
The mostly true story of Jack
The essential guide to... children & separation : surviving divorce & family break-up
The journey from abandonment to healing
Along for the ride
The postdivorce family : children, parenting, and society
Liber amicorum Baron Louis Fredericq
Partisans and mediators : the resolution of divorce disputes
European family law in action. 1, Grounds for divorce
Divorce Risk Factors Across Finnish Marriage cohorts, 1954-1989
Transit
The Middlesteins
Abortion and divorce in Western law
The terrible privacy of Maxwell Sim
Uncoupling : how to survive and thrive after breakup & divorce
Divorce in Poland : a contribution to the sociology of law
The starter wife
Divorce and the school
Thursdays in the park
Changing families, changing responsibilities : family obligations following divorce and remarriage
From Lost to Leading
Stag's leap
Going home again
The suicide of Claire Bishop : a novel
Man at the helm : a novel
Keep your friends close
Britt-Marie was here
Nobody's There
Catherine of Aragon : Henry's spanish queen
The aftermath of divorce - coping with family change : an investigation in eight countries
With a fresh, sympathetic and reassuring approach, Uncoupling provides tried-and-tested advice that will help anyone going through a break-up. It is the book that Sara looked for - and couldn't find - when going through the process herself, so she is only too well aware how few places people feel they can turn to for compassionate and practical advice. Uncoupling combines Sara's extensive training in life-coaching techniques, her cutting-edge work with those who are themselves 'uncoupling', and her own personal experience. Her advice will show you how to navigate the pitfalls and will make the process easier. It is all about being in emotional control and Uncoupling will help you build your personal strength so that you can deal with the rollercoaster of emotions more effectively, enabling you to move forwards. It is all about putting you back in control.
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
The wild things
The prodigal wife
The good daughter : my mother's hidden life
Torch
Southern lights
Mad about the boy
Silent revolution : the transformation of divorce law in the United States
Things I wish I'd known
The winter war
The decision
A girl's guide to moving on : a novel
A thousand splendid suns
Divorce : according to five scholls of Islamic law. Vol. 6
Two nests
Family law
Grounds for divorce
"Does Wednesday mean mom's house or dad's?": parenting together while living apart
A girl's guide to moving on
The gay divorcee
Divorce confidential : the explosive confessions of how the rich divorce
The perfect couple?
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 4, Persons and family : Chapter 5, divorce
Stepfamilies : a guide to working with stepparents and stepchildren
Now you see her
Home front
Mothers and divorce : legal, economic, and social dilemmas
Children of divorce : empirical perspectives on adjustment
Getting back out there : secrets to successful dating and finding true love after the big breakup
Schroder : a novel
Family law. Volume 2, Cohabitation, marriage and divorce
Nonresidential parenting : new vistas in family living
European family law in action. 2, Maintenance between former spouses
The summer without men
Partnership in Europe : its variety, trends and dissolution : a section of a work in progress
The real Liddy James
Always the bridesmaid
Young women in Japan : transitions to adulthood
Children and the changing family : between transformation and negotiation
The rose girls
In the child's best interests? : divorce court welfare and the search for a settlement
First day on earth
Divorce is in the air
Falling in love again : romantic comedy in contemporary cinema
The broken
Parenting apart : how separated and divorced parents can raise happy and secure children
My grandmother sends her regards & apologises
Uncertain unions and Broken lives : marriage and divorce in England 1660-1857
Aftermath : on marriage and separation
This paper examines whether there has been a change in the effects of three divorce risk factors, female educational attainment, cohabitation, and parity. Several theoretical reasons suggest such a change, but the existing evidence gives mixed results. First marriages of Finnish women married between 1954 and 1989 are analysed using data from the Fertility and Family Surveys (FFS), collected in 1989 and 1990. The results from the discrete-time event history models show that the effect of having children on marital stability has changed: the impact of having two children has become less evident, while the effect of having three children or more has increased. These trends hold after controlling for young children and premarital children. Some explanations for this shift are discussed. .
Foreign divorces : English law and practice
Home front : a novel
Baby proof
Divided families : what happens to children when parents part
Divorce and spiritual growth : a guide to understanding and living beyond marriage breakdown
Accused
Changing identities : Finnish divorcees' perceptions of a new marriage
Clean break
Leaving before the rains come
A day to remember
This is where I leave you
Renegotiating family relationships : divorce, child custody, and mediation
Out of touch : when parents and children lose contact after divorce
What a way to go
Women and marital breakdown in South India : reconstructing homes, bonds and persons
Catnapped! : a dead-end job mystery
