http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p617 synthesizer (electronic musical instruments)
synthesizer (electronic musical instruments)
Synthesizer greatest. Volume 3.
Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence : Soundtrack from the motion picture
Programming the DX-7
What's a synthesizer : simple answers to common questions about the new musical technology
Introduction to additive synthesis, advanced sound design, tips and tricks for all models Kawai K5000
Secrets of synthesis
The collection
Amnesty (I)
Descending moonshine dervishes ; Songs for the ten voices of the two prophets
Portraits : So long ago, so clear
Pimp to eat
Learning music with synthesizers
Analog electronic music techniques : in tape, electronic, and voltage-controlled synthesizer studios
The Electric Lucifer
Total keyboard tutor : the ultimate guide to playing, recording and performing with all keyboards
The MIDI implementation book
The pleasure principle
I don't know '30s : Cafe bar music
The complete guide to synthesizers, sequencers & drum machines
Heads up
Hush little robot
Non stop ecstatic dancing
Switched on synthesizer : popular music and electronic arrangements
The Yamaha DX7-II(FD/D) : video manual
The crime fighter themes : synthesizer sequences
Tuning in : microtonality in electronic music : a basic guide to alternate scales, temperaments and microtuning using synthesizers
The Gate to the mind's eye : Soundtrack
Human responses to machine-generated speech with emotional content
Synthesizer greatest. Volume 4.
Frequency synthesizers : theory and design
Becoming a computer musician
Synthesizer programming
Dream sequence : The best of Tangerine Dream
Replicas redux
Nord modular : introduction, modular sound design, virtual assembly instructions
Goblins Club
Analog days : the invention and impact of the Moog synthesizer
Secrets of synthesis : a behind-the-scenes look, in words and music
Sound advice on MIDI production
GUITAR SYNTH AND MIDI : VOLUME IN THE GUITAR PLAYER MAGAZINE BASIC LIBRARY
The Myths collection. Part 2
Vintage synthesizers : groundbreaking instruments and pioneering designers of electronic music synthesizers
Noah's Ark
Synthesizer basics
Drum programming : a complete guide to program and think like a drummer
The best of Vangelis
Rhythmical grooves and patterns
Keyboard for dummies
Iconography
Cubase 5 power! : the comprehensive guide
The complete DX7
Electronic music and sound design : theory and practice with Max/MSP. Vol. 2
ROCK IN SEQUENCE / AN ANTHOLOGY OF POP FOR SEQUENCING
Switched on synthesizer : popular musical and electronic arrangements
Chart hits! : note-for-note arrangements for synthesizers
The all time greatest synthesizer hits now & forever. Vol. 1: 2001 versions
Using MIDI : a volume in the Keyboard Magazine
The synthesizer & electronic keyboard handbook
Synthesizer collection. 4.
MetaSynth : MetaSynth 2.5
Synthesizer technique
Design principles and user inferfaces of Erkki Kurenniemi's electronic musical instruments of the 1960's and 1970's
Oramics
Power tools for Reason 2.5 : master the world's most popular virtual studio software
The Singles 81-85
Illustrated musical encyclopedia
Electric workshop
The singles 81>98
Universal
Synthesizers and computers
Manhattan Research Inc
Architecture & morality
Cosmic machine : a voyage across French cosmic & electronic avantgarde (1970-1980)
In session with The Dave Weckl Band
Gorgeous
Electronic and experimental music : technology, music and culture
The Complete DX7
Cubase SX power!
Space themes
Synthesizer greatest. Volume 1
See you later
THE SYNTHESIZER & ELECTRONICKEYBOARD HANDBOOK
The Well-Tempered Synthesizer : Virtuoso electronic performances of Bach, Monteverdi, Scarlatti, Handel
Quick guide to analogue synthesis
Becoming a synthesizer wizard : From presets to power user
Secret rooms
Secrets of Synthesis : A Behind-the Scenes Look, In Words and Music
Beat box : a drum machine obsession
The Angels
Flutes, reeds and trumpets: 2nd pr
Forever young
Last train to Lhasa
The Future Music CD. The creative sample selection
300 voices for Yamaha 4-operator synthesizers
Synthesizer basics : The musician's reference for creating, performing and recording electronic music
Synthesis with style!
Nuendo 5 power! : the comprehensive guide
Electronic works. Vol. 1
Keyfax 4 : synthesisers, samplers & controllers : a guide to every major professional keyboard
Keyfax omnibus edition
Sound synthesis and sampling
Songs for the ten voices of the two prophets
The Casio CZ book
Stuff! good synth players should know
Strange cargo
JV/XP : Roland Jv/Xp
Tales of Heaven and Hell : Musical drama by Wendy Carlos
The keyboards : the easy way to learn : Jools Holland introduces
Features drum machines from Mansfield's personal collection, with more than 200 photos by Gary Land, and a foreword written by Dave Tompkins. Replete with background and facts about each machine; archival advertisements; interviews with master drum machine programmers and innovators.
Living Ornaments '79
The Art of Digital Drumming
How to wreck a nice beach : the vocoder from world war II to hip-hop : the machine speaks
Private dreams and public nightmares : Daphne Oram reworked and re-interpreted
Hunting high and low
The soft wave
Dare to dream
THE COMPLETE ELECTRONIC PERCUSSION BOOK
Tape Recorder And Synthesiser Ensemble
An introduction to music technology
Cubase 5 : tips and tricks
Make: analog synthesizers
The rough guide to keyboards & digital piano
Arranging techniques for synthesists
Switched on Synthesizer : Popular musical and electronic arrangements
