http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6174 depression (economic events)
depression (economic events)
From Finnish Great Depression to Great Recession
Abstract.
Lessons from the Great Depression : the Lionel Robbins lectures for 1989
The great depression revisited
The great degeneration : how institutions decay and economies die
The spinning heart
Corporate governance in the Asian financial crisis 1997-98
Examines the current financial crisis in an historical context, addressing the deficiencies of a free market and questioning the premise that markets can be left unregulated.
My spiritual journey : personal reflections, teachings, and talks
Tough Tactics for Tough Times: how to maintain business success in difficult economic conditions
The turnover of jobs and workers in a deep recession : evidence from the Finnish business sector
The politics of economic crisis : lessons from Western Europe
The new depression : the breakdown of the paper money economy
Right now the global economy is on the brink of (another) depression. In Economic Reform Now, some of the world's leading economists issue a strong warning on the grave errors that are threatening to take the global economy over the brink. Richard Koo warns about the dangers of fiscal austerity in times of deleveraging by the private sector. James K. Galbraith illustrates the dangers of deregulation of the financial markets. Paul Davidson explains the concept of objective uncertainty. Jayati Ghosh explores economic integration in the developing world. And Heiner Flassbeck wraps up by highlighting the need for a new international monetary system that better reflects the fundamentals and puts trade back into its proper role of stimulating development. As Europe moves closer to economic disaster, and America fights back a return to double-digit unemployment, this is a must read for policy makers and anyone else concerned about the economy.
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLIX, 2014
Aftershock : protect yourself and profit in the next global financial meltdown
The forgotten man : a new history of the Great Depression
A note on interest rate policy during the great depression
Japan in crisis
Practices of executive compensation : the case of economic recession
Stormy weather
Medicine and surgery of South American camelids : Ilama, alpaca, vicuña, guanaco
History, time, and economic crisis in Central Greece
Optimal fiscal and monetary policies in a recession : is there a way out of the trap in an open economy?
Tibetan yoga and secret doctrines or seven books of wisdom of the great path, according to the late Lāma Kazi Dawa-Samdup's English rendering
Big government in hard times
Portrait of the Dalai Lama
Oil prices and stock returns : evidence from emerging markets
The noodle maker of Kalimpong : the untold story of the Dalai Lama and the secret struggle for Tibet
Great Britain and the gold standard : a study of the present world depression
Rules of civility
Adjustment or crisis? : Finnish social and health care under recession
To have and have not
Death of a salesman : Certain private conversations in two acts and a requiem
Out of the dust
The grapes of wrath
Waiting for the Dalai Lama : stories from all sides of the Tibetan debate
The Great Depression : America, 1929-1941
Structural change of manufacturing industries in a declining economy : a case study of Finland, 1990-1993
Depression in the north : boom and bust in Sweden and Finland, 1985-93
Essays on information and communications technology, structural change, and economic growth
Why don't  prices fall in a recession? : financial constraints, investment, and customer relations
Little man, what now?
Supercrash : how to hijack the global economy
Report by the Commission on the Banking Crisis
Recession and its effects on immigrants
The ultimate depression survival guide : protect your savings, boost your income, and grow wealthy even in the worst of times
Ísland á umbrotatímum = Iceland in turmoil
Manias, panics, and crashes : a history of financial crises
Highland Park
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Abstract (1 s.).
Happily-ever-after librarian Alice Ripley unexpectedly finds herself in a real-life adventure filled with mystery and romance in the 1930s as she serves rural communities in Kentucky / Library of Congress.
At the chime of a city clock
End this depression now!
Coping with recession : UK company performance in adversity
The 1974-1975 recession and the employment of women
Riding the recession : how to cope now with shrinking markets and high inflation
The effects of the great recession
Growth of the international economy, 1820-2015
European populism in the shadow of the great recession
A fundamental belief in personal liberty and in the ability of free markets to realise the good lies at the heart of the neoliberal economic orthodoxy that has now shaped public policy for a generation. Confidence in orthodox economics has, however, been badly shaken by the financial crisis of 2008 and, in the years following, by the effects of the Great Recession. The era of casino banking was not only an era of de-industrialisation and under-employment, but also of iniquitous tax avoidance schemes, and of grotesquely inflated levels of social inequality. Such factors, we now realise, have reduced the life-prospects of millions of our fellow-citizens. This interdisciplinary volume of essays, with wide-ranging contributions by theologians and social scientists, explores the theological, economic, and moral implications of these developments. Its central claim is that neoliberalism's failure to appreciate the limitations of its fiduciary commitments contributed massively to the economic crisis. A more honest appraisal of the relation between the language of belief and the sphere of economic behaviour is therefore required. This must also result in appropriate policy changes, to harness the power of the economy to serve a more generous vision of the human good.
USA’s market crashes of 1929 and 2008 : Comparison of events preceding the history’s greatest crashes
Hard times : the world economy in turmoil
The myth of the great depression, 1873-1896
Advertising in a recession : the best defense is a good offense
Mr Shivers
Based on the BBC radio 4 reith lectures 2012.
A Study on Gross Job Flows in Finland : The Importance of Employees' Characteristics
The effects of creative destruction on industry-specific productivity growth : creative destruction during economic shocks
1990s economic crisis : the research programme of the Academy of Finland: conference 1999
Ethno-linguistic Groups during an Economic Recession: Low-income Earners in the 1990s' Finland
No-one loves a policeman
Waterborne : a novel
Understanding the Dalai Lama : a simple smiling monk
An American type : a novel
In 1930 Abby Nichols is an eight-year-old girl growing up in Maine, but as the Depression deepens, and her mother dies, the responsibility of taking care of her family falls to her, and she has to put her dreams of going to college and becoming a writer on hold.
Mantra mix : Tibetan refugee benefit album : plus bonus enhanced CD
Forecasting the direction of the U.S. stock market with dynamic binary probit models
Infiltrated : how to stop the insiders and activists who are exploiting the financial crisis to control our lives and our fortunes
Healing emotions : conversations with the Dalai Lama on mindfulness, emotions, and health
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
All you ever wanted to know about happiness, life and living : the Dalai Lama on happiness, life, living, and much more : conversations with Rajiv Mehrotra
A thousand journeys : the biography of Lama Anagarika Govinda
Conquer the crash : you can survive and prosper in a deflationary depression
Lipstick. Laptops. Life. : the rise and fall, and rise again, of a modern day business woman
This paper introduces a Lagrange Multiplier (LM) test for testing an autoregressive structure in a binary time series model. Simulation results indicate that the two versions of the proposed LM test have reasonable size and power properties when the sample size is large. A parametric bootstrap method is suggested to obtain approximately correct sizes also in small samples. The use of the test is illustrated by an application to recession forecasting models using monthly U.S. data.
STRATEGIES FOR SHAOXING TEXTILE COMPANIES IN ECONOMIC CRISIS. CASE STUDY: BOLA TEXTILE COMPANY
Banking crises in Latin America
The myth of the Great Depression, 1873-1896
Dominic Fortune. It can happen here and now
A death in summer
The evolution of the Finnish model in the 1990:s : from depression to high-tech boom
China during the Great Depression : market, state, and the world economy, 1929-1937
Little is known about low-income earners in the Swedish-speaking community in Finland, and particularly how this ethno-linguistic group positioned itself as compared with the Finnish speakers during the severe economic recession in the 1990s. Relating to the ethno-linguistic English-speaking minority in Quebec, we set out to study whether also Swedish speakers experienced a worsening of their economic position. Using register data from 1987-1999, we find that they did not, but rather improved their relative situation as compared with the Finnish speakers, although they on average had a higher propensity for being low-income earners also after the recession. In contrast to the situation in Quebec, no unfavourable language acts or educational reforms were imposed on the Swedish speakers during the study period. We see the results as reflecting a well-functioning welfare state, in which language acts and constitutional rights have worked to protect both ethno-linguistic groups.
Prosperity and depression : a theoretical analysis of cyclical movements
Yield-curve based probit models for forecasting U.S. recessions : stability and dynamics
The midwife of Hope River
Changing Economic Conditions and Identity Formation in Adulthood
Managing transport enterprise with specialized technique during economical recession
Illegal emigration to the U.S.S.R. during the Great Depression
The great crash : how the stock market crash of 1929 plunged the world into depression
Other people's money : inside the housing crisis and the demise of the greatest real estate deal ever made
Down from the heavens, up from the ashes : the Finnish economic crisis of the 1990s in the light of economic and social research
The United States' Latin American policy during the great depression : 1929-1933 : a historical study on dependency
Impact of recession to companies marketing activities
Dynamic probit models and financial variables in recession forecasting
The girl in the glass
Beyond these hills
Better to wish : the first generation
Radical visions and American dreams : culture and social thought in the depression years
The Asian economy : spearheading the recovery from the global financial crisis
The 14th Dalai Lama
The great depression of the 1990s in Finland
Ancient wisdom, modern world : ethics for the new millennium
The Internet depression : the boom, the bust and beyond
Mind's own physician : a scientific dialogue with the Dalai Lama on the healing power of meditation
The lost continent : the BBC's Europe editor on Europe's darkest hour since World War Two
The crisis in the world's monetary system : being the Rhodes memorial lectures delivered in Trinity term 1932
From conflict to conciliation: Tibetan polity [i.e. policy] revisited : a brief historical conspectus of the Dalai Lama-Panchen Lama Standoff, ca. 1904-1989
The depression of the 1990s in Finland : an analytic view
The age of instability : the global financial crisis and what comes next
Why your world is about to get a whole lot smaller: oil and the end of globalisation
The great depression
Divinity secularized : an inquiry into the nature and form of the songs ascribed to the sixth Dalai Lama
Economic depression and the use of physician services in Finland
21st Century Recession and Youth Unemployment in 2008-2009 : 2000-luvun lama sekä nuorisotyöttömyys vuosina 2008-2009
Managing legal uncertainty : elite lawyers in the New Deal
Wall Street and FDR : the true story of how Franklin D. Roosevelt colluded with corporate America
Inflation, depression and economic policy in the West
The great crash 1929
The trouble with markets : saving capitalism from itself
Leading in turbulent times : lessons learnt and implications for the future
The consequences of the crisis of the 1990s to the Nordic welfare state : Finland and Sweden
Economic reform now : a global manifesto to rescue our sinking economies
Water for elephants : a novel
How to get a job in a recession
International financial governance under stress : global structures versus national imperatives
The great disruption : how the climate crisis will transform the global economy
Currency wars : the making of the next global crisis
See no evil : uncovering the truth behind the financial crisis
Out of the dust : [a novel]
According to Baba : a collaborative oral history of Sudbury's Ukrainian community
Men without a future : a portrait of marginalization in Finnish post 1990s depression cinema
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
The Dust Bowl through the lens : how photography revealed and helped remedy a national disaster
66o north
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
The Finnish great depression of the 1990s : Soviet trade or home-made?
Policies to combat depression : a conference of the Universities - National Bureau Committee for Economic Research
The reluctant midwife : a Hope River novel
The third transformation of Japan : an institutional narrative on agglomeration economies in abenomics
A note on interest rate policy during the Great Depression
Coping with unemployment during economic recession : experiences from two Finnish studies
The Economic Downturn as a Growth Opportunity for Online Business Directories
Abstract: USA's market crashes of 1929 and 2008 : comparison of events preceding the history's greatest crashes. The objective of this research was to find out what were the differences between the events preceding market crashes of 1929 and 2008. The findings would serve the purpose of reminding everyone how these situations have developed until the impending crash and crisis. This should prove to be valuable help in the future when people are facing the same conditions again. The research's approach was a general historical view on the matter. Descriptive research methods were used to gather and analyze the data. Various sources from literature, articles, speeches, research papers and statistics databases were being used to compile the data. The research consists of macroeconomic theories, bubble theories, research data and conclusions. The results of the research were almost as expected. Not much had changed in 80 years in the financial sector's ability to not get drawn into self-caused crises. These events before the history's greatest crashes were different in their nature but contained all the same elements. Good future prospects combined with extraordinary profits because of financial innovation equalled an economic bubble. Many other aspects were the same also, such as lack of regulation. This means that more work should be done on the process of inflating bubbles in order to find ways to avoid the possible catastrophes caused by the bursting bubble. Professor Galbraith's words “As a protection against financial illusion or insanity, memory is far better than law.” held high importance in the research. It should be everyone's obligation to ponder and try to understand these financial aspects as they can cause great abundance, or great distress depending on what have been learned from the history. This research paper can be taken as a small step towards that goal and as a reminder of past.
A sharp critique of the ultra-wealthy Americans who have contributed to today's economic conditions and heightened economic inequities.
Poverty and social exclusion in Finland in the 1990s
Topical comment : essays in dynamic economics applied
A bivariate autoregressive probit model : predicting U.S. business cycle and growth rate cycle recessions
The great crisis and its political consequences : economics and politics 1928-1934
The High-Beta Rich : how the manic wealthy will take us to the next boom, bubble, and bust
Roll of thunder, hear my cry
The Effects of Recession on Finnish Alcohol Consumption : Concentration on brewery industry in comparison to the recession in Finland 1990 - 1993
The great recession and the distribution of household income
God and the financial crisis : essays on faith, economics, and politics in the wake of the Great Recession
The undercover economist strikes back : how to run - or ruin - an economy
Causes of the 1997 Asian financial crisis : what can an early warning system model tell us?
Social polarization and the crisis of the welfare state : the case of Stockholm
USA's market crashes of 1929 and 2008 : comparison of events preceding the history's greatest crashes
The noodle maker of Kalimpong : the untold story of my struggle for Tibet
The economic ascent of the hotel business
Tibetan polity, 1904-37 : the conflict between the 13th Dalai Lama and the 9th Panchen : a case study
The Limits of Voluntarism : Charity and Welfare from the New Deal through the Great Society
Wisconsin death trip
Testing an autoregressive structure in binary time series models
Banking sector development and crises in Estonia : compared with Finland's experience in the 1930s
The mandibles : A Family, 2029–2047
The agricultural depression in Finland during the years 1928-35 : the measures employed for its alleviation and the results obtained
Managing financial risks : from global to local
