http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6176 recession
recession
Financial market bubbles and crashes
Ethno-linguistic Groups during an Economic Recession: Low-income Earners in the 1990s' Finland
The global great recession
The politics of decline : understanding post-war Britain
Reward and punishment : essays on party popularity and economy
How the mighty fall : and why some companies never give in
Using R for introductory econometrics
Predicting U.S. recession with dynamic binary response models
Paradise lost? : the Nordic welfare states and the recession 1975-1985
The world economic slowdown and the Asian and Latin American economies : a comparative analysis of economic structure, policy and performance
"From the author of the bestseller The Rise of the Creative Class, a book that frames the economic meltdown of 2008-09 not as a crisis but as an opportunity to "reset," and, in doing so, paints a fascinating picture of what our economy, society, and geography will look like--of how we will work and live--in the future"--Provided by publisher.
Restructuring in recession
An R companion to applied regression
The euro at ten : the next global currency?
Three assessments of Finland's economic crisis and economic policy
The purpose of the research was to study the impacts of the 2009 financial crisis on the market for luxury clothing in Russia, especially in St. Petersburg. This included studying the changes in the economic situation in general, consumer demand, operations of the luxury companies during the crisis and the challenges for a new company planning to enter the market. The research was based on reports, articles and other written information sources by experts from the financial and fashion sectors as well as five intervies with professionals from the fashion industry in St. Petersburg. The research was conducted together with Jasmin Santanen Paris company. The research was conducted through thematic interviews with five interviewees: International relationship manager from a company organizing a fashion trade fair, the president of the unofficial fashion week of St. Petersburg, a manager of a luxury multi-brand store, a buyer from a department store and a sole entrepreneur. Common themes and opinions were then summarized and compared to the secondary information. It was discovered that the financial crisis of 2009 has had an impact on the luxury fashion market in St. Petersburg. The consumer demand has decreased; many companies have cut or delayed their operations and expansion plans. In addition to the direct effects of the financial crisis, many other challenges that a new luxury company faces in the Russian market, was discovered. These include the lack of experience and  qualified professionals, corruption, complicated tax and customs procedures and changing consumer preferences.
In the spring of 1837, people panicked as financial and economic uncertainty spread within and between New York, New Orleans and London. Although the period of panic would dramatically influence political, cultural and social history, those who panicked sought to erase from history their experiences of one of America's worst early financial crises. The Many Panics of 1837 reconstructs this period in order to make arguments about the national boundaries of history, the role of information in the economy, the personal and local nature of national and international events, the origins and dissemination of economic ideas, and most importantly, what actually happened in 1837. This riveting transatlantic cultural history, based on archival research on two continents, reveals how people transformed their experiences of financial crisis into the 'Panic of 1837', a single event that would serve as a turning point in American history and an early inspiration for business cycle theory.
The great depression in Europe, 1929-1939
The coming internet depression : why the high-tech boom will go bust, why the crash will be worse than you think, and how to prosper afterwards
"An exhaustive look at world markets and why the economy has been so unpredictable  Greece isn't the only country drowning in debt. The Debt Supercycle?when the easily managed, decades-long growth of debt results in a massive sovereign debt and credit crisis?is affecting developed countries around the world, including the United States. For these countries, there are only two options, and neither is good?restructure the debt or reduce it through austerity measures. The End Game details the Debt Supercycle and the sovereign debt crisis, and shows that, while there are no good choices, the worst choice would be to ignore the deleveraging resulting from the credit crisis.    Reveals why the world economy is in for an extended period of sluggish growth, high unemployment, and volatile markets punctuated by persistent recessions   Reviews global markets, trends in population, government policies, and currencies   Other titles by Mauldin: Bull's Eye Investing: Targeting Real Returns in a Smoke and Mirrors Market, also by Wiley   Around the world, countries are faced with difficult choices. The End Game provides a framework for making those choices."--
The Finnish great depression of the 1990s : Soviet trade or home-made?
The great regression? : financial crisis in an age of global interdependence
How to build a great business in tough times : the King of Shaves story
"This book presents a wide-ranging assessment of the current state of China's economy in relation to the global international economy. It discusses the role China has played in responding to the economic crisis; assesses the continuing strong prospects for further economic growth in China; and examines China's deepening integration into the world economy. Specific topics covered include China's foreign reserves and global economic recovery; the international expansion of Chinese multinationals and China's private businesses; and the role of technological innovation in China's economic growth. Overall, the book provides a wealth of detail and up-to-date insights concerning China's development path, growth potential and sustainability."--Publisher's description.
Recovering from the crisis : 27 ways of tackling the employment challenge
Recession storming : thriving in downturns through superior marketing, pricing and product strategies
The diverse impacts of the nweo-liberal social policies on children's welfare and social work with young people : the Finnish perspective
360° Marketing and Communication Strategies Proposal
"What causes rich countries to lose their way? Symptoms of decline are all around us today: slowing growth, crushing debts, increasing inequality, aging populations, antisocial behavior. But what exactly has gone wrong? The answer, Niall Ferguson argues ... is that our institutions--the intricate frameworks within which a society can flourish or fail--are degenerating"--Dust cover flap.
Managing market failure and preventing government failure : a study of policy solutions in finance, production and administration of Finnish health care
The Economic Downturn as a Growth Opportunity for Online Business Directories
The return of depression economics and the crisis of 2008
End this depression now!
Leading in turbulent times : lessons learnt and implications for the future
Economic forecast : spring 2009
Procurement project underway
The great depression of the 1990s in Finland
Recessions and depressions : understanding business cycles
Based on the BBC radio 4 reith lectures 2012.
The great reset : how new ways of living and working drive post-crash prosperity
How to get a job in a recession
Strategic management of entrepreneurial firms during recession
The short-term outlook for the EU economy remains fragile, but a gradual return to GDP growth is projected for 2013, with further strengthening in 2014. On an annual basis, GDP is set to contract by 0.3% in the EU and 0.4% in the Euro area in 2012. GDP growth for 2013 is projected at 0.4% in the EU and 0.1% in the Euro area. Unemployment in the EU is expected to remain very high. The large internal and external imbalances that built up in the pre-crisis years are being reduced, but this process continues to weigh on domestic demand in some countries, and economic activity diverges significantly across Member States. At the same time, competitiveness lost in the first decade of EMU in some Member States is being gradually restored, so that export growth is projected to increase progressively as global trade starts reaccelerating. Further progress in consolidating public finances is underpinning this rebalancing process.
Managing in a downturn : leading business thinkers on how to grow when markets don't
The Effects of Recession on Finnish Alcohol Consumption : Concentration on brewery industry in comparison to the recession in Finland 1990 - 1993
Stalking the black swan : research and decision making in a world of extreme volatility
Freefall : free markets and the sinking of the global economy
Recession in Africa : background papers to the seminar Africa - which way out of the recession? Uppsala, September 1982
Any escape from the worst predictions?
The great degeneration : how institutions decay and economies die
Asia meltdown : the end of the miracle?
Families in struggle : child mental health and family well-being in Finland during the economic recession of the 1990s : the importance of parenting
The bubble economy : Japan's extraordinary speculative boom of the '80s and the dramatic bust of the '90s
Endgame : the end of the debt supercycle and how it changes everything
Industrial sunset : the making of North America's rust belt, 1969-1984
Macroeconomic patterns and stories
The age of instability : the global financial crisis and what comes next
The global impact of the Great Depression, 1929-1939
Using the Yield Curve in Predicting Real Economic Growth : Application to Finland
The boom and the depression : an analysis within the aggregate-demand - aggregate-supply framework
Studies in the macroeconomic implications of firm entry and exit
The 1890-1910 crisis of Australian capitalism and the social democratic response : was the Australian model a pioneering regime of Social Democratic Welfare Capitalist regulation?
Cross-country study : economic policy challenges in the Baltics : rebalancing in an uncertain environment
Cities in recession : critical responses to the urban policies of the new right
Halted growth in Finnish ports
Offering a warning of a looming period marked by sizable tax hikes, loss of retirement benefits, double digit inflation, and the possible collapse of the middle class, Schiff presents a survival plan that can provide the protection readers will need in the coming years.
Japan's great stagnation : forging ahead, falling behind
China's role in global economic recovery
Work and welfare : a comparison of Swedish and British shipbuilding industry in the context of economic downturn
Slowdown: global economic maladies
The Great regression? : financial crisis in an age of global interdependence
Lessons from the economic crisis in Spain
Economic disasters of the twentieth century
Abstract.
From Finnish Great Depression to Great Recession
Financial crises and recession in the global economy, third edition
Abstract (1 s.).
Crash proof : how to profit from the coming economic collapse
The boom and the depression : a simple schok interpretation
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
Europe in crisis : bolt from the blue?
The role of central bank in the recession in the case of Japan's recession
The return of depression economics
Coping with the economic crisis : alternative responses to economic recession in advanced industrial societies
The little book of bull moves in bear markets : how to keep your portfolio up when the market is down
This timely book presents a critical examination of the developmental premises of Japan's high-growth success and its subsequent drift into recession, stagnation and piecemeal reform. The country, which within a few decades of wartime defeat mounted a serious challenge to American hegemony, appeared incapable of fully adjusting to shifting economic circumstance once the impulses of catch-up growth and the good fortune of an accommodating international environment faded. The banking crises, spiralling government debt, and stagnant growth experienced by major industrialized nations in recent years have evoked renewed interest in Japan's economic denouement since the 1990s. To many, Japan's drift into recession and financial crisis during the early 1990s, and later into stagnation and prolonged deflation, demonstrated precisely what not to do when fashioning remedial policy. This book details the legacies of Japan's high-growth success and how they affected Japan's capacity to cope with shifting national and international circumstance from the 1980s. It reviews the contentious debates over the causes and consequences of the 'bubble economy' and the 'lost decade', and assesses the extent to which reforms since 1997 have been compromised by lingering attachments to Japan's distinctive post-war political economy. Providing an analytical overview of both the high growth and recessionary periods and of subsequent reform agendas, this timely book will appeal to students, academics and researchers of economic history, development and politics, particularly those with an interest in Japan and Asian studies more generally.
The many panics of 1837 : people, politics, and the creation of a transatlantic financial crisis
Manias, panics, and crashes : a history of financial crises
World recession and the food crisis in Africa
Understanding decline : perceptions and realities of British economic performance
Aftershock : protect yourself and profit in the next global financial meltdown
Practices of executive compensation : the case of economic recession
How to plan ahead for hard times in business
How to cope with labour market policy tools in economic downturn : Finnish evidence
Currency wars : the making of the next global crisis
Managing it in a downturn : scanning for opportunities
Nordics in global crisis : vulnerability and resilience
Fault lines : how hidden fractures still threaten the world economy
The great divide
Accelerating out of the great recession : how to win in a slow-growth economy
From financial crisis to stagnation : the destruction of shared prosperity and the role of economics
"Manias, Panics and Crashes, is a vivid and entertaining account of the way that mismanagement of money and credit has led to financial explosions over the centuries. Covering such topics as the history and anatomy of crises, speculative manias, and the lender of last resort, this book has been hailed as 'a true classic...both timely and timeless.' In this new, updated fifth edition, Kindleberger and Aliber expand upon the ideas presented in the previous edition, and include two new chapters on the real estate price bubble that occurred in Norway, Sweden and Finland at the end of the 1980s, and the three asset price bubbles that occurred between 1985 and 2000 in Japan and other Asian countries. Selected as one of the best investment books of all time by the Financial Times, Manias, Panics and Crashes puts the turbulence of the financial world in perspective. "--
Applied regression analysis and generalized linear models
"Nobel Laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz explains how America exported bad economics, bad policies and bad behavior to the rest of the world. When World markets began to fail, America put together a haphazard response. Stiglitz outlines his responses to address the inequalities in the global financial and challenges economists for good ideas".
Debating day care in Finland in the midst of an economic recession and welfare state downsizing
The forest industry in 2001: the global recession has cut demand for forest products
A bivariate autoregressive probit model : predicting U.S. business cycle and growth rate cycle recessions
Socially responsible investing during downturns : evidence from the U.S. and European markets 2000-2011
Bear-trap : the fall of bear stearns and the panic of 2008
Japan's great stagnation : financial and monetary policy lessons for advanced economies
The inpact of the 2009 financial crisis on the market of luxury clothing in Russia, in st. Petersburg in particuar
Tourism and crisis
The boom and the depression : a note on the identification of aggregate supply shocks
Fiscal frameworks in the European Union : May 2012 update on priority countries
Freefall : America, free markets, and the sinking of the world economy
Little is known about low-income earners in the Swedish-speaking community in Finland, and particularly how this ethno-linguistic group positioned itself as compared with the Finnish speakers during the severe economic recession in the 1990s. Relating to the ethno-linguistic English-speaking minority in Quebec, we set out to study whether also Swedish speakers experienced a worsening of their economic position. Using register data from 1987-1999, we find that they did not, but rather improved their relative situation as compared with the Finnish speakers, although they on average had a higher propensity for being low-income earners also after the recession. In contrast to the situation in Quebec, no unfavourable language acts or educational reforms were imposed on the Swedish speakers during the study period. We see the results as reflecting a well-functioning welfare state, in which language acts and constitutional rights have worked to protect both ethno-linguistic groups.
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 34, Advances in librarianship
