http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6170 biomass
biomass
Joint action plan as a strategic tool to support research activities and sustainable use of biomass resources : case Central Finland
Estimation of microbial biomass carbon by a fumigationextraction method: Determination of kEC factor in Finnish peats
Biomass production on wet meadows and mires in Kuusamo, north-eastern Finland, estimated by spectral reflectance measurements
Hydrogen production via thermal gasification of biomass in near-to-medium term
Biomass production and nitrogen balance of naturally afforested silver birch (Betula pendula Roth.) stand in Estonia
Large-scale energy grass farming for power plants : a case study from Ostrobothnia, Finland
Biofuels : alternative feedstocks and conversion processes
Electricity production by advanced biomass power systems
The role of catalysis for the sustainable production of bio-fuels and bio-chemicals
The indigenous agroforestry systems of the south-eastern Rift Valley escarpment, Ethiopia : their biodiversity, carbon stocks, and litterfall
The requirements for wood based biomass raw material in different bioenergy processes and biomass properties and logistics
Chemical and physical activation of gasification carbon residue : adsorption studies
Sustainable years
Pinus contorta growth in boreal Sweden as affected by combined lupin treatment and soil scarification
SO2-ethanol-water (SEW) fractionation of lignocellulose
Estimating tree biomass regressions and their error : proceedings of the workshop on tree biomass regression functions and their contribution to the error of forest inventory estimates, May 26-30, 1986 Syracuse, New York
Biochar application is a promising strategy for sequestering carbon in agricultural soils and for improving degraded soils. Nonetheless, contradictory and unsettled issues remain. This study investigates whether biochar influences the soil microbial biomass and community structure using phospholipid fatty acid (PLFA) analysis. We monitored the effects of four different types of biochar on the soil microbial communities in three temperate soils of Austria over several months. A greenhouse experiment and two field experiments were conducted. The biochar application did not significantly increase or decrease the microbial biomass. Only the addition of vineyard pruning biochar pyrolysed at 400°C caused microbial biomass to increase in the greenhouse experiment. The biochar treatments however caused shifts in microbial communities (visualized by principal component analysis). We concluded that the shifts in the microbial community structure are an indirect rather than a direct effect and depend on soil conditions and nutrient status.
An assessment of different fertilization regimes in three boreal coniferous stands
Potential of biomass gasification and combustion technology for small- and medium-scale applications in Ghana
Biomass equations for European trees : addendum
Guidance for tree measurement in tropical forest ecosystems using non-destructive sampling to develop stem biomass and volume models
The biomass of a secondary evergreen and deciduous broad-leaved mixed forest was comprehensively inventoried in a permanent 2 ha plot in southwestern China. Biomass models, sub-sampling, soil pit method, and published data were utilized to determine the biomass of all components. Results showed that the total biomass of the forest was 158.1 Mg ha−1; the total biomass included the major aboveground (137.7 Mg ha−1) and belowground (20.3 Mg ha−1) biomass components of vascular plants as well as the minor biomass components of bryophytes (0.078 Mg ha−1) and lichens (0.043 Mg ha−1). The necromass was 17.6 Mg ha−1 and included woody debris (9.0 Mg ha−1) and litter (8.6 Mg ha−1). The spatial pattern of the aboveground biomass was determined by the spatial distribution of dominant trees with large diameter, tall height, and dense wood. The belowground biomass differed in terms of root diameter and decreased with increasing soil depth. The belowground biomass in each soil pit in local habitats was not related to the spatial distribution of woody plants and soil pit depth. The karst forest presented lower biomass compared than the nonkarst forests in the subtropical zone. Biomass carbon in the karst terrains would increase substantially if degraded karst vegetation could be successfully restored to the forest. Comprehensive site-based biomass inventory of karst vegetation will contribute not only to provide data for benchmarking global and regional vegetation and carbon models but also for regional carbon inventory and vegetation restoration..
Growth and nutrition of willow clones
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Restoration of ecosystem structure and function in boreal spruce swamp forests
A global forest growing stock, biomass and carbon map based on FAO statistics
Algae biomass : production and use
Biomass pre-treatment for the production of sustainable energy : emissions and self-ignition
The potential of birch for biomass production
Essentials of Energy Technology : Sources, Transport, Storage and Conservation
The role of biomass gasification in rural electrification in Ghana
Microalgal cultivation and utilization in sustainable energy production
Selection of renewable energy resources for sustainable development with AHP tool for off-grid project:case of Ghana
Comparison of methods for estimation of needle losses in Scots pine following defoliation by Bupalus piniaria
Characterization of particulate matter from atmospheric fluidized bed biomass gasifiers
Mass-spectrometric analysis of glycerophospholipid metabolism
Biomass gasification : material and energy balances
Selection of Salix myrsinifolia clones for biomass forestry in Finland
Roots 2011 Workshop : abstracts, Joensuu, Finland 13-14 December 2011
Bio-oil production via catalytic fast pyrolysis of woody biomass
Biomass in the energy system : resource requirements and competition for land
Effect of repeated fertilizer application on the nutrient status and biomass production of salix 'Aquatica' plantations on cut-away peatland areas
A process-based growth model for the grass stage pine seedlings
Seasonal response of biomass growth and allocation of a boreal bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climate change
Science & technology of biomasses : advances and challenges : from forest and agricultural biomasses to high added value product: processes and materials : proceedings book
A flexible model for biomass fast pyrolysis in Aspen+
Future biorefinery programme report 2009-2011
On the determinants of structure and diversity in Herbaceous plant communities
Formation and removal of biomass-derived contaminants in fluidized-bed gasification processes
Specific and generic stem biomass and volume models of tree species in a West African tropical semi-deciduous forest
Biomass dynamics of Erythrina lanceolata as influenced by shoot-pruning intensity in Costa Rica
Potential of forest biomass production and utilization for mitigation of climate change in boreal conditions
We studied biomass production of two naturally originated grey alder (Alnus incana (L.) Moench) stands having a mixture of birch and willow located in central Finland. One of the stands was growing on a peatland site (Muhos) and the other on a mineral soil site (Juuka). The stands were clear-cut and fertilization experiments were laid out with several treatments. At Muhos, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation with different amounts of wood ash and an unfertilized control. At Juuka, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation either with ash or with PK, and ash and PK treatments alone and an unfertilized control. The sprouts at Muhos were grown for 17 years and at Juuka for 20 years. At Juuka the stand was clear-cut second time at the age of 20 years and grown for 8 years. The stands were measured several times and foliar samples were taken twice during the study period. Clear-cutting increased stem number manifold. The stand density of new coppiced forests after the clear-cutting decreased from 67000-89000 stems ha-1 at the age of 3-6 years to 10000-12000 stems ha-1 at the age of 17-20 years. On neither site fertilization affected biomass production of alders during the study period. Leafless above-ground biomass was 52-57 Mg ha-1 after 17-20 years. Mean annual leafless above-ground biomass production (MAI) increased with increase of rotation time. At the age of 17-20 years the MAI was 2.8-3.0 Mg ha a-1. At Muhos, ash increased foliar P and Ca concentrations, but decreased those of Mn.
Empirical equations for estimating aboveground biomass of Betula pendula growing on former farmland in central Poland
Vascular plant species richness in grazed and ungrazed coastal meadows, SW Finland
Biomass in a Norway spruce-Scots pine forest : a comparison of estimation methods
Phytomass : a raw material for chemistry and biotechnology
Biomass resources, production, use, processing and logistics in Central Finland : analysis of current status
BioRefine programme 2007-2012 : yearbook 2009
Biomass gasification and pyrolysis : practical design and theory
We determined empirical models for estimating total aboveground as well as stem, branches, and foliage dry biomass of young (age up to 16 years) silver birch (Betula pendula Roth.) growing on the post-agricultural lands. Two sets of allometric models for trees with a height below or above 1.3 m (small and large trees respectively) were developed. Simplified models were elaborated based exclusively on appropriate tree diameter (diameter at ground level for small trees, diameter at breast height for large trees), while expanded models also included tree height. Total aboveground biomass was estimated as the sum of biomass of all tree components. To assure additivity of the developed equations, the seemingly unrelated regression approach for the final model fitting was used. Expanded models in both tree groups were characterized by a better fit to the data (R2 for total aboveground biomass for small and large trees equaled 0.8768 and 0.9752, respectively). Diameter at breast height appeared to be a better predictor than diameter at ground level - simplified models had better fit for large trees (R2 for total aboveground biomass equals 0.9611) than for small ones (R2 = 0.7516). The developed equations provide biomass predictions consistent with available Latvian, Estonian, Finnish, Swedish, and Norwegian models for silver birch..
Remote sensing of leaf area index : enhanced retrieval from close-range and remotely sensed optical observations
Use of 14C labelling to measure below-ground biomassa of mire plants
Sustainable urban waste management: analysis of untapped bio-energy resources of Lagos metropolis
Book of Proceedings Bioenergy from Forest 2016.
Power production from biomass II with special emphasis on gasification and pyrolysis R&DD
Biomass burning and global change. Biomass burning in South America, Southeast Asia, and temperate and boreal ecosystems and the oil fires of Kuwait
Optimization of enzymatic hydrolysis of fibre sludge from pulp mill
Safety-technical characteristics of biomass, coal and straw - 305.
Effects of forest management on sustainability of integrated timber and energy wood production : scenario analysis based on ecosystem model simulations
Silver birch (Betula pendula Roth.) is one of the main pioneer tree species occupying large areas of abandoned agricultural lands under natural succession in Estonia. We estimated aboveground biomass (AGB) dynamics during 17 growing seasons, and analysed soil nitrogen (N) and carbon (C) dynamics for 10 year period in a silver birch stand growing on former arable land. Main N fluxes were estimated and nitrogen budget for 10-year-old stand was compiled. The leafless AGB and stem mass of the stand at the age of 17-years were 94 and 76 Mg ha-1 respectively. The current annual increment (CAI) of stemwood fluctuated, peaking at 10 Mg ha-1 yr-1 at the age of 15 years; the mean annual increment (MAI) fluctuated at around 4-5 Mg ha-1. The annual leaf mass of the stand stabilised at around 3 Mg ha-1 yr-1. The stand density decreased from 11600 to 2700 trees ha-1 in the 8- and 17-year-old stand, respectively. The largest fluxes in N budget were net nitrogen mineralization and gaseous N2-N emission. The estimated fluxes of N2O and N2 were 0.12 and 83 kg ha-1 yr-1, respectively; N leaching was negligible. Nitrogen retranslocation from senescing leaves was approximately 45 kg ha-1, N was mainly retranslocated into stembark. The N content in the upper 0-10 cm soil layer increased significantly (145 kg ha-1) from 2004 to 2014; soil C content remained stable. Both the woody biomass dynamics and the N cycling of the stand witness the potential for bioenergetics of such ecosystems..
A simple device for sampling of volumetric forest soil cores
Development of reduced mechanisms applicable to CFD modeling of NO[sub x] emissions from biomass combustion
Potential and competitiveness of biomass as energy source in central Baltic Sea region : results and findings of the pure biomass project 2012–2013
Three zone modeling of downdraft biomass gasification : equilibrium and finite kinetic approach
From a tree to a stand in Finnish boreal forests : biomass estimation and comparison of methods
Science in thermal and chemical biomass conversion
Possibilities of estimating overground stand phytomass using aerial images
Equilibrium distribution of trace elements in combustion processes
Monitoring of small-scale biomass combustion processes
Responses of silver birch saplings to low soil temperature
This unique book provides the first comprehensive overview of wood based bioenergy in the northern hardwood forests of the Eastern United States. This includes a holistic look at the topic of wood based bioenergy, as well as focused analyses of key topics.
BioRefine programme 2007-2012 : yearbook 2008
Renewable resources chemistry : proceedings : Russian-Finnish seminar, Saint Petersburg 2012.
MARKET/INVESTMENT CASE: POTENTIAL OF BIO ENERGY/MASS IN NIGERIA: (SOUTH EAST)
Methane and hydrogen production from crop biomass through anaerobic digestion
Alternative energy for dummies®
Biochar affects the structure rather than the total biomass of microbial communities in temperate soils
Hybrid energy systems using biomass for accumulation of energy
Desorption ionization mass spectrometry : tools for rapid bio- and pharmaceutical analysis
Country-scale carbon accounting of the vegetation and mineral soils of Finland
Development of novel fixed-bed gasification for biomass residues and agrobiofuels
Non-wood plants as raw material for pulp and paper
Modelling biomass of young and dense Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) dominated mixed forests in northern Sweden
Estimating forest structure and shade tolerance of the species in a mixed deciduous broad-leaved forest in Abruzzo, Italy
Sustainable biodiesel production from microalgae cultivated with piggery wastewater
Potential applications of nanotechnology in bioenergy
Fuel flexible energy generation : solid, liquid and gaseous fuels
Bioenergy in Europe : implementation of EU directives and policies relating to bioenergy in Europe and RD&D priorities for the future
Stochastic simulation and optimization of mobile chipping economics in processing and transport of forest biomass from residues
The chemistry of biomass ashes in pressurised gasification : comparison of global equilibrium calculations with pilot scale experiments. Part 3
Production and economy of biogas in China
Three-dimensional modeling of biomass fuel flow in a circulating fluidized bed furnace
"An important goal of the extended use of biomass is replacing fossil fuels. Potentially, all global energy needs can be covered with biomass if the utilization is efficient enough. This book provides the state of the art in the field of efficient conversion of biomass, covering most technical issues such as combustion, gasification, torrefaction, pyrolysis, pelletizing and biogasproduction. The book combines a thorough description of interesting new technologies and the basic principles and tools to be used in future process optimization work. The wide coverage of examples from all over the world will make the book important as a text book on the subject"--
Biomass and regional development
Change in Siberian phytomass predicted for global warming
Modelling the super-equilibria in thermal biomass conversion : applications and limitations of the constrained free energy method
Summary.
Analysis Of Biomass Waste Potentials For Electrical Energy Generation In Ghana
Biohydrogen : for future engine fuel demands
Conditioning of SO2-ethanol-water (SEW) spent liquor from lignocellulosics for ABE fermentation to biofuels and chemicals
Primary forest fuel supply chain: assessing barriers and drivers for the modal shift from truck to train
Power production from biomass III : gasification and pyrolysis, R&D&D for industry, Espoo, Finland, 14-15 September, 1998
Supply and demand of biomass based energy : rural people's perspectives in Bangladesh
Biomass has received considerable attention as a sustainable feedstock that can replace diminishing fossil fuels for the production of energy and chemicals. At the present moment in the oil refining, petrochemical and chemical industry, after fractionation of crude oil, various fractions are upgraded either to fuels or functionalized to produce intermediates and specialty chemicals. An analogous concept of biorefining is based on the utilization of biomass as a renewable source of carbon, which could be transformed to valuable chemicals. Although various aspects of biomass transformations are frequently discussed in the literature, chemical engineering aspects of such transformations are commonly not considered. The aim of the present book is to fill this void.
Biomass of karst evergreen and deciduous broad-leaved mixed forest in central Guizhou province, southwestern China: a comprehensive inventory of a 2 ha plot
Effects of reindeer grazing and forestry on ground lichens in Finnish Lapland
Waste-to-energy : technologies and project implementation
Carbon balance of forest biomes (undisturbed ecosystems) in the former Soviet Union
Chemical engineering for renewables conversion
Wood biomass production potential on agricultural lands in Northern Europe : achieving the goals of energy policy
Production of oleaginous microbial biomass by reusing wastewaters
Materials, chemicals, and energy from forest biomass
Biomass equations for birch in Finland
Process redesign in development of forest biomass supply for energy
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
Modeling biomass char gasification kinetics for improving prediction of carbon conversion in a fluidized bed gasifier
Dynamic modeling of a BioGrate boiler
Power production from biomass : Espoo, Finland, 3-4 December 1992.
Renewable energy targets, forest resources, and second-generation biofuels in Finland
Demography of Carex rostrata in a boreal mesotrophic fen : shoot dynamics and biomass development
Nutrient relations in short rotation forestry : a bibliography
Chemical changes in biomass during torrefaction
Technologies for converting biomass to useful energy : combustion, gasification, pyrolysis, torrefaction and fermentation
Comparison of near-infrared spectroscopy models utilized to predict lignocellulosic constituents in wood samples
Biodegradation of organic pollutants in condensing water from wood chip gasification
Biomass gasification and reforming of tars
Increased forest biomass production in the Nordic and Baltic countries - a review on current and future opportunities
Collapse of a biomass
Adaptation of Marketing Mix of Finnish Biomass Power Suppliers for Nigerian Markets
Microalgae - Energy Production and Wastewater Purification : Three Scenarios for Microalgae Cultivation in the Kujala Waste Management Center
Mini-review of energy from crops and crop residues
The effect of mechanization level and harvesting system on the thinning cost of Mediterranean softwood plantations
Biomass production and control of nutrient leaching of willows using different planting methods with special emphasis on an appraisal of the electrical impedance for roots
Biomass and bioenergy : new research
Wood-based energy in the northern forests
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Ash-forming matter in biomass fuels
Electrochemical technologies for energy storage and conversion. Vol. 1 & Vol. 2
Published and unpublished biomass studies in the Nordic countries. An annotated bibliography up to 1982
Growth and yield modelling for optimal multi-objective forest management of eastern Mediterranean Pinus brutia
Estimating woody biomass in Sub-Saharan Africa
Forest biomass resources and technological prospects for the production of second-generation biofuels in Finland by 2020
Biorefineries and chemical processes : design, integration and sustainability analysis
The potential, cost-efficiency and impacts of intensified management of Finnish forests for next 100 years were assessed using a national-level scenario analysis. This document serves as a technical description of the applied models and methods, but also includes a brief synthesis of the results. Data from the 10th Finnish National Forest Inventory was used to forecast the consequences of alternative management scenarios. Four final scenarios were constructed using MOTTI stand simulator and linear programming package J. Business-as-usual -scenario was compared to three other options that aimed either at high quality raw material, intensive management resulting both quantity and quality of timber, or at low-cost-low-output (extensive) forestry. If the intensity of forest management will remain at the current level, the growing stock will increase. Increasing amount of high quality raw material for forest industry can be produced but it necessitates also increase in annual management practices. For example, treatment areas of young stand management should be doubled compared to current areas in order to maintain or increase cutting removals of high quality wood. It is possible to increase annual removals in a sustainable manner by applying more intensive forest management that also improves profitability nearly 50%. The annual removals can be ca. 40% higher than the current level, and the annual energy wood removal can be over 10 mill m3. Despite increased removals, sustainable wood and biomass production during next 100 years can be achieved. Intensively managed forest are more efficient capturing carbon from atmosphere than extensively managed forests, but the climate impacts depend on the use of removed carbon (end-products made from the removed wood biomass).
Process evaluations and design studies in the UCG project 2004-2007
Software for computing plant biomass : BIOPAK users guide
Modelling of torrefaction and hydrothermal carbonization and heat intergration of torrefaction with a CHP plant
Carbon storage in forest ecosystems in Finland
Biomass distribution in a young Scots pine stand
Seasonality of bacterioplankton in subarctic ponds above and below treeline
The prediction of deposit formation in combustion and gasification of biomass fuels : fractionation and thermodynamic multi- phase multi-component equilibrium (TPCE) calculations
Biomass feedstock analyses
Feasibility studies on selected bioenergy concepts producing electricity, heat, and liquid fuel : IEA Bioenergy techno-economic analysis activity
Processing and assessment of spectrometric, stereoscopic imagery collected using a lightweight UAV spectral camera for precision agriculture
Effects of rotation period on biomass production and atmospheric CO2 emissions from broadleaved stands growing on abandoned farmland
The quantification of the contribution of tropical forests to global carbon stocks and climate change mitigation requires availability of data and tools such as allometric equations. This study made available volume and biomass models for eighteen tree species in a semi-deciduous tropical forest in West Africa. Generic models were also developed for the forest ecosystem, and basic wood density determined for the tree species. Non-destructive sampling approach was carried out on five hundred and one sample trees to analyse stem volume and biomass. From the modelling of volume and biomass as functions of diameter at breast height (Dbh) and stem height, logarithmic models had better predictive capabilities. The model validation showed that in absence of data on height, models using Dbh only as variable was an alternative. The comparison of basic wood densities to data published in literature enabled to conclude that the non-destructive sampling was a good approach to determining reliable basic wood density. The comparative analysis of species-specific models in this study with selected generic models for tropical forests indicated low probability to identify effective generic models with good predictive ability for biomass. Given tree species richness of tropical forests, the study demonstrated the hypothesis that species-specific models are preferred to generic models, and concluded that further research should be oriented towards development of specific models to cover the full range of dominant tree species of African forests..
Biogas production from energy crops and crop residues
The Nordic and Baltic countries are in the frontline of replacing fossil fuel with renewables. An important question is how forest management of the productive parts of this region can support a sustainable development of our societies in reaching low or carbon neutral conditions by 2050. This may involve a 70% increased consumption of biomass and waste to meet the goals. The present review concludes that a 50-100% increase of forest growth at the stand scale, relative to today's common level of forest productivity, is a realistic estimate within a stand rotation (~70 years). Change of tree species, including the use of non-native species, tree breeding, introduction of high-productive systems with the opportunity to use nurse crops, fertilization and afforestation are powerful elements in an implementation and utilization of the potential. The productive forests of the Nordic and Baltic countries cover in total 63 million hectares, which corresponds to an average 51% land cover. The annual growth is 287 million m3 and the annual average harvest is 189 million m3 (65% of the growth). A short-term increase of wood-based bioenergy by utilizing more of the growth is estimated to be between 236 and 416 TWh depending on legislative and operational restrictions. Balanced priorities of forest functions and management aims such as nature conservation, biodiversity, recreation, game management, ground water protection etc. all need consideration. We believe that these aims may be combined at the landscape level in ways that do not conflict with the goals of reaching higher forest productivity and biomass production..
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Energy from crops
Industrial uses of biomass energy : the example of Brazil
European COST E31 Conference : Management of recovered wood. Reaching a higher technical, economic and environmental standard in Europe
Book of Proceedings Bioenergy from Forest 2014.
Image analysis with environmental applications
Book of proceedings bioenergy from forest 2012 conference
Biomass for energy and industry, 11-15 May 1987 Orleans, France : abstracts of the 4th European conference
Scenario analysis for the biomass supply potential and the future development of Finnish forest resources
Variation in biomass related variables of reed canary grass
Biomass potentials in Finland, the case of Pörtom
The chemistry of biomass ashes in pressurised gasification : composition of gas and condensed phases of four biomass fuels in gasification at elevated pressure. Part 2
Fine root production at drained peatland sites
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
Biomass production of coppiced grey alder and the effect of fertilization
Early development of Scots pine and Norway spruce seedlings along a gap-understory gradient in a boreal Norway spruce forest. Michelle de Chantal
Bioenergy : vision for the new millennium
Thermal pretreatment options for lignocellulosic biomass
Strengthening the regional research driven cluster in terms of competence and cooperation : developing strategic research agenda in the field of sustainable use of biomass - case Central Finland
Waste waters from biomass-based synthesis gas production
Critical factors in bioenergy implementation in Ghana
Plant biomass carbon store after water-level drawdown of pine mires
The use of lignocellulosic biomass for fermentative butanol production in biorefining processes
Assessing impacts of intensified biomass removal and biodiversity protection on European forests
Impact of elevated ultraviolet-B radiation on three northern deciduous woody plants
Cost Structure and Profitability Analysis of the John Deere 1490D Slash Bundler in Northern Spain
Testing the use of an analytical and mechanistic C3 - biomass accumulation model for precision fertilization
Potassium behaviour during combustion of wood in circulating fluidised bed power plants
Aerosol formation and effect in biomass combustion and gasification
Advanced solid fuel characterization for reactivity and physical property comparison
A single and uniform fertilizer application may lead to ineffective crop nutrient uptake and use. In order to enhance nutrient use efficiency the application should be adjusted according to the need of the cultivated crop. This task is challenging because weather is unknown and unpredictable over the upcoming growing season. One solution is site-specific fertilizer application in several separate events throughout the season. Such a precision fertilization method requires information on the current crop state (e.g. the availability of water and nutrients in the soil) and a crop growth model that aims to assess current crop growth and near future needs. A field experiment with varying radiation, precipitation and nutrient conditions was established to test our crop growth model performance. Spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) was grown using three fertilization rates with three precipitation and two radiation treatments within each fertilization treatment. The observed crop biomass accumulation in the highest fertilization treatment was considered as the highest possible in the prevailing conditions. The simulated (maximal) biomass accumulation was in agreement with the highest observed biomass yield. The results were found promising for further use of the model in crop growth evaluation during the growing season.
Productivity of world ecosystems : proceedings of a symposium presented August 31 - September 1, 1972 at the V General Assembly of the Special Committee for the International Biological Program Seattle, Washington
Productivity of two confiqurations of Heinola TT-97 RMS chipper and logistics comparison
Bioenergy in Finland : AFB-NETT, European Network to co-ordinate information exchange between National Biomass Energy Programmes on Agricultural and Forestry Biomass : final report, phase 1
The HighBio2 project in short
The chemistry of biomass ashes in pressurised gasification : composition of gas and condensed phases of three biomass fuels in gasification at elevated pressure
Modelling mean above and below ground litter production based on yield tables
Carbon sequestration in industrial eucalyptus plantations in Guangxi, southern China
Modelling tree biomasses in Finland
Logging residues and ground vegetation in nutrient dynamic forest
A fixed-bed gasifier: efficiency, tar formation and heating valve of the product gas
