http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6185 wild west stories
wild west stories
Mystery, violence, and popular culture : essays
They came to Cordura
Far as the eye can see : novel
Creek Mary's blood
West of everything : the inner life of westerns
Zane Grey : his life, his adventures, his women
Blood meridian, or, the evening redness in the West
These happy golden years
The sheriff of Silver Bow
The good, the bad and the infernal
Civil War veteran Bobby Hale journeys into the Plains Wars-stricken American West, discovering a sense of purpose through his encounters with Native Americans and settlers who scrabble for peace and survival / WorldCat.
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 212, Twentieth-century American western writers : second series
The outlander
The last of the mohicans
Yellowhorse
The collector's book of westerns
Beyond the horizon
The saga of Billy the Kid
Trace takes a hand
A treasury of Western folklore
Adventure, mystery, and romance : formula stories as art and popular culture
All the pretty horses
The phantom strikes
Butcher's Crossing
Little house on the prairie
Inside the little house in the big woods live the Ingalls family: Ma, pa, Mary, Laura and baby Carrie. Outside the little house are the wild animals: the bears and the bees, the deer and the wolves. This is the classic tale of how they live in harmony mostly, but sometimes in fear.
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 206, Twentieth-century American western writers : first series
On the banks of Plum Creek
This is by the author of Stoner. Will Andrews is no academic. He longs for wildness, freedom, hope and vigour. He leaves Harvard and sets out for the West to discover a new way of living. In a small town called Butcher's Crossing he meets a hunter with a story of a lost herd of buffalo in a remote Colorado valley, just waiting to be taken by a team of men brave and crazy enough to find them. Will makes up his mind to be one of those men, but the journey, the killing, harsh conditions and sheer hard luck will test his mind and body to their limits.
Little town on the prairie
A dangerous gunfighter. A beautiful outlaw. A thrilling pursuit. Degan Grant is heading to California, far away from the home he wants to forget, when a US Marshal calls in a favour. Degan has to apprehend three outlaws and turn them over to the law - easy enough for a man no one wants to tangle with. But one of the outlaws defies Degan's every expectation. Maxine is sassy, spirited - and insists she is innocent. And, knowing that her capture will lead to her hanging, she's determined to escape the handsome, enigmatic gunfighter.
Gunfighter nation : the myth of the frontier in twentieth-century America
Us fellas gotta be nice to you ladies : performing gender in Garth Ennis's and Steve Dillon's Preacher series
By the shores of Silver Lake
The crossing
Main-travelled roads
Encyclopedia of frontier and western fiction
Cormac McCarthy's Western novels
Back in the saddle again : new essays on the Western
Westerns : making the man in fiction and film
Hollywood's West : the American frontier in film, television, and history
First four years
Journey into jeopardy
The lost frontier : reading Annie Proulx's Wyoming stories
The californios
Long winter
Butterfly palace
From where the sun now stands
The best of Zane Grey : three complete and unabridged novels
Wanted dead or alive : the American West in popular culture
Once upon a time in hell
Queer cowboys : and other erotic male friendships in nineteenth-century American literature
Clair Huffaker's profiles of the American West
The wind through the keyhole : a Dark Tower novel : complete and unabridged
Reading The Virginian in the new West
Folk tales and song lyrics of the Old West of the United States. Divided into parts: The Western brand, "Fresh Deal All Aroun", Queer Country, Westward Journey, Taming the West, "Law and Order, Ltd.", The Changing West, Western Story-Tellers, Western Songs and Ballads.
Hoofbeats of destiny : the story of the Pony Express' critical role in holding the West "for the Union" during the intrigues of "Secesh" and teh Confederacy's campaign to steal all of the United States of America west of the Mississippi River
The western reader
Wildfire in his arms
Outlaw Pete
Manifest and other destinies : territorial fictions of the nineteenth-century United States
Darrow's gamble
Cities of the plain
The tall men
The last crossing : [a novel]
The wild and the domestic : animal representation, ecocriticism, and western American literature
In The Lost Frontier: Reading Annie Proulx's Wyoming Stories, Mark Asquith examines the brilliance and despair of Proulx's Wyoming trilogy (Wyoming Stories: Close Range, Bad Dirt, and Fine Just the Way It Is), reminding us of the importance of her background as an historian and of her ongoing engagement with landscapes and their communities from Halifax, Nova Scotia to Bird Cloud, Wyoming. Peeling back layer after delicate layer, Asquith situates Proulx's work within traditions of American fiction, nature writing, regionalism, and the continuing American obsession with the frontier. The prose here is both beautiful and deliciously sharp, and Asquith excels in providing remarkable insights into the development of the female voice in Proulx's Western fiction, of the troubled relationships she imagines between men and their myths, and her frequently overlooked engagement with Native people and their relationships to the land, their white neighbors, and each other.
Blood meridian, or, The evening redness in the West
Victorian lady on the Texas frontier : the journal of Ann Raney Coleman
Apache : the first death
Pretty deadly. vol. 2, The Bear
Arfive
The solitary woman of Shakespeare
Buffalo trail : a novel of the American west
Little house in the big woods
The revenant
Beyond the Rio Grande
Tales of the Wild West : an illustrated collection of adventure stories
Late for Gettysburg
The complete western stories of Elmore Leonard
