http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6183 government transfers and grants
government transfers and grants government transfers state aids government grants
Caught in conflicts : civilian victims, humanitarian assistance and international law
New developments in European state aid law 2007 : proceedings of the 5th Experts' forum held in Brussels on 21 and 22 May 2007
Competition law in the European Communities. Volume 3A, Rules in the international field : Situation at 31 December 1996.
[Empirical studies in local public finance] : spillovers, amalgamations, and tactical redistributions
Essays on Finnish municipal finance and intergovernmental grants
Valtion tuki taiteelliseen toimintaan 2002 = State support for artistic activity in 2002
Abstract in english.
Public subsidies and policy failures : how subsidies distort the natural environment, equity and trade, and how to reform them
Politics, subsidies and competition : the new politics of state intervention in the European Union
European Community law on state aid
European Community law of state aid
State aid and the European economic constitution
Valtion taidetoimikuntalaitoksen myöntämä tuki 2004 = Support granted by the arts council 2004
Social and environmental policies in EC procurement law : new directives and new directions
State aids in the European Community and the European Economic Area
Assessing international assistance in law enforcement : themes, findings and recommendations from a case-study of the Republic of Estonia
Competition rules in the EEC and the ECSC applicable into state aids
A dancer in the dust
Les aspects internationaux des catastrophes naturelles et industrielles = The international aspects of natural and industrial catastrophes
Subsidies and international trade : a European lawyers' perspective
Community rules on state aid : vade-mecum
Process evaluation of business subsidies in Finland : a quantitative approach
European economy. Reports and studies. 1999, 3, State aid and the single market
Soft law in court : competition law, state aid and the Court of Justice of the European Union
Competition law in the European Communities. Volume 2A, Rules applicable to state aid : Situation at 30 June 1998.
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2006 = Support granted by the Arts Councils 2006
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2008 = Support granted by the Arts Council
Public policy implementation
Third survey on state aids in the European Community in the manufacturing and certain other sectors
Competition law in the European Communities. Volume 2A, Rules applicable to state aid : Situation at 31 December 1994.
Valtion tuki taiteelliseen toimintaan 2003 = State support for artistic activity in 2003
Granting public or private consumption? : effects of grants on local public spending and income taxes
Access to justice and the welfare state
Employment subsidies : the effects on employment and wages
Focus and functions of public support for artists in Finland
Regulatory reform and competitiveness in Europe. 2, Vertical   issues
Poland's enterprise environment : a Polish view
Poland's enterprise environment : a polish view
Taiteenalakohtainen taiteilijatuki = Art-form -specific support for artists
"Overcoming state fragility is one of the most important international development objectives of the 21st century. Many fragile states have turned into failed states, where millions of people are caught in deprivation and seemingly hopeless conditions. Fragile states lack the authority, legitimacy, and capacity that a modern state needs to advance the development of its peoples, and present deep challenges for the design and implementation of development policy. For instance, how is aid to be designed and delivered in a way that will help people in fragile states if their governments lack capacity to absorb and use aid? And what can be done about adverse side-effects of fragile states on their neighbours and the global community, such as heightened insecurity, rising out-migration, displaced populations, and the destruction of natural resources? This book documents the far reaching global repercussions of state fragility and provides a timely contribution to the international discourse on three dimensions of fragile states: their causes, costs, and the responses required. It will appeal to scholars, policymakers, and donors who are concerned about conflict and development. Its aim is to contribute to our understanding of how strong and accountable states can be fostered-states where government and civil society progressively advance human wellbeing, underpin households' resilience in the face of shocks, and form effective partnerships to maximize the benefits of development assistance."--Publisher's website.
Understanding state aid policy in the European Community
Fifth survey on state aid in the European union in the manufacturing and certain other sectors
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2010 : Support granted by the Arts Councils
The revenues-expenditures nexus - evidence from Finnish local government panel data
Evaluation : implementation of the Paris Declaration : Finland
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2011 = Support granted by the Arts Councils
New developments in European state aid law 2006 : proceedings of the 4th Experts' Forum held in Brussels on 18 and 19 May 2006.
State aids under the EEC Treaty : Articles 92 to 94
New developments in European state aid law 2004 : proceedings of the 2nd Experts' forum held in Brussels on 29 April 2004.
Valtion tuki kulttuurille 2001 : opetusministeriön hallinnonalan määrärahat = State support for culture in 2001 : cultural appropriations provided by the Ministry of of Education
Local government grant reforms in Finland : a public choice analysis
Charitable food aid in a nordic welfare state : A case for environmental and social injustice
Annual proceedings of the Fordham Competition Law Institute : international antitrust law & policy
Exchange rates as a State aid
Regional state aid and competition policy in the European Union
Fourth survey on state aid in the European union in the manufacturing and certain other sectors. European Commission
Feminist social policy in Finland : contradictions of municipal homemaking
Government support programmes for new forms of work organisation : a report for the Employment and Social Affairs DG
Sixth survey on state aid in the European union in the manufacturing and certain other sectors
Profile of tax subsidies and investment behavior in six major polluting industries
Legal instruments in the fight against international terrorism : a transatlantic dialogue
Essays on the political economy of land use change
Valtion taidetoimikuntalaitoksen myöntämä tuki 2005 = Support granted by the Arts Councils
Competition law & the environmet
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2007 = Support granted by the Arts Council
Valtion tuki taiteelliseen toimintaan 2001 = State support for artistic activity in 2001
Summary and conclusions (s. 2-5).
The law of EU regional policy
Public financing of the arts and culture: statistics and reality in Finland : methodological issues and identification of the 1990s turning points that reshaped the conditions of cultural and art institutions
International extradition : United States law and practice
Application of EC state aid law by the member state courts : report
Social versus corporate welfare : competing needs and interests within the welfare state
The law of subsidies under the GATT/WTO system
The definition of subsidy and state aid : WTO and EC law in comparative perspective
Varieties of mutual support and voluntary action : a study of Finnish self-help groups and volunteers
Fragile states : causes, costs, and responses
The mutual impact of European Union's competition law and environmental law in the field of state aid
Food for the soul or the soul for food : users' perspectives on religiously affliliated food charity in a Finnish city
Using the market for cost-effective environmental policy : market-based instruments in Europe
The United Nations and crime prevention
Local government finance and grants in Finland
Spend and tax or tax and spend? : panel data evidence from Finnish municipalities during 1985-1999
Human rights in domestic law and development assistance policies of the Nordic countries : proceedings of the 4th Nordic Seminar on Human Rights, Copenhagen, November 1987
The law of state aid in the European Union
State aid policy in the European Community : a guide for practitioners
Aid activities targeting the objectives of the Rio Conventions 1998-2000 = Activités d'aide à l'appui des objectifs des Conventions de Rio 1998-2000
Mutual assistance in criminal and business regulatory matters
Two decades of discussion on charitable food aid in Finland : analysing the framing by and through the media
Abstract (s. 3). Summary (s. 11-14).
State aids to airlines : Seminar in Brussels, 3 June 1994
Competition issues
The nordic model for supporting artists : public support for artists in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
International criminal law. Vol. 2, Procedural and enforcement mechanisms
This book is a fresh contribution to the feminist welfare state debate as far as caring is concerned. By using the case of municipal homemakers in Finland, the author analyzes the relation between women and the caring state. The analysis addresses the welfare state formation, beneficial for women and built by women in alliance with leftist men, sympathetic to women's issues. The Finnish experience differs from any other Western models of home help. In Finland, municipal homemakers are well trained, permanently promoted into their public employee positions and they earn fixed monthly salaries. The homemaking position is not a case of female reserve labour but a life-long occupation. The emergence and development of the occupation is analyzed from a critical perspective, differentiating between ideologies and actual practices in creation of this public caring reform. However, the gendered nature of caring work in the public sphere also in the Nordic countries comes out clearly: it is a woman's work with women's wage and low status in spite of high unionization. The welfare state is contradictory to women.
English summary.
Contradictions of the welfare state, women and caring : municipal homemaking in Finland
Law as an instrument of economic policy : comparative and critical approaches
Access to justice as a human right
New developments in European state aid law 2005 : proceedings of the 3rd Experts' forum held in Brussels on 26 and 27 May 2005.
European Union law of state aid
Regulatory reform and competitiveness in Europe. 1, Horizontal issues
Paper on the accounting advisory forum : government grants
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2009 : Support granted by the Arts Councils
