http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6181 surgeons
surgeons
Outcome after mitral valve surgery for mitral valve regurgitation
Black Jack. Volume 2
Self-assessment colour review of small animal soft tissue surgery
The Knick. The complete second season
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 4, Ayse's friend
Bariatric and post-bariatric surgery : from metabolic surgery to plastic surgery indications
Knife music
Ultrasonography alone is not enough to exclude vesicoureteral reflux in all small children after a urinary tract infection
Effect of cardiac surgery on long-term outcome : balancing between survival benefit, surgical risk and health-related quality of life
Lymph node transfer in the treatment of postmastectomy lymphedema
Abstra[c]t book for the Biennial Meeting of the Scandinavian Society for Surgery of the Hand, June 15-17 1988 and Satellite Meeting of the Scandinavian Hand Therapists, June 15 1988.
A practical right-sided incisional gastropexy technique for treatment or prevention of gastric dilatation volvulus
Immediate breast reconstructions in the treatment of breast cancer
Do no harm : stories of life, death and brain surgery
Current surgical diagnosis & treatment
Abstract.
On the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. Just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. Kalanithi chronicles his transformation from a naïve medical student into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 5, After the carnival
Expected miracles : surgeons at work
BIOFIX ligament tack : biodegradable ligament injury fixation tacks : surgical techniques. 1, Treatment of injuries of ulnar collateral ligament of thumb with a biodegradable mini-tack
Scarred
Anesthesia and perioperative care of the combat casulty
The hollow men
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 1, Herr dr. Tenma
Quality of abdominal surgical nursing care
The memory of love
The tiger's wife
Aspects of cleft lip and palate from Northern Finland:clefts in Northern Finland
Atlas of approaches for general surgery of the dog and cat
Ankle-brachial index, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and endothelial function in a cardiovascular risk population
Methods for determination of the accuracy of surgical guidance devices : a study in the region of neurosurgical interest
Naoki Urasawa's Monster. Volume 6 : The secret woods
The astonishing account of the decades-long cocaine use of Sigmund Freud and William Halsted. The author discusses the physical and emotional damage caused by the constant use of the then-heralded wonder drug, and of how each man ultimately changed the world in spite of it - or because of it.
Clinical orthopaedics and related research
A woman surgeon : the life and work of Rosalie Slaughter Morton
Textbook of surgery : the biological basis of modern surgical practice
Scandinavian journal of surgery : official organ for The Finnish Surgical Society and The Scandinavian Surgical Society
Surgical treatment of colorectal cancer : controversial issues
The Knick. The complete first season
Bone marrow-derived stem cell therapy in acute myocardial infarction:an experimental porcine model
Leaves from a surgeon's case-book
Optimal pH-management during operations requiring hypothermic circulatory arrest : an experimental study employing pH- and/or α-stat strategies during cardiopulmonary bypass
Erectile dysfunction in cardiovascular risk population
"For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question What makes a life worth living? At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi's transformation from a naïve medical student "possessed," as he wrote, "by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life" into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir. Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything," he wrote. "Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: 'I can't go on. I'll go on.'" When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both.Advance praise for When Breath Becomes Air "Rattling, heartbreaking, and ultimately beautiful, the too-young Dr. Kalanithi's memoir is proof that the dying are the ones who have the most to teach us about life."--Atul Gawande "Thanks to When Breath Becomes Air, those of us who never met Paul Kalanithi will both mourn his death and benefit from his life. This is one of a handful of books I consider to be a universal donor--I would recommend it to anyone, everyone."--Ann Patchett"--
9th Congress of the European Federation of Societies for Microsurgery June 12-14, 2008, Sigyn Hall, Turku, Finland : book of abstracts
Minimized cardiopulmonary bypass in extracorporeal circulation:a clinical and experimental comparison with conventional techniques
The effect of acupuncutre on chronic pain in dogs suffering from hip dysplasia and osteoarthritis : subjective assessments
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 6, The secret woods
Methods for determination of the accuracy of surgical guidance devices:a study in the region of neurosurgical interest
Textbook of small animal surgery. Vol. 2
Positron emission tomography in the diagnosis and staging of pancreatic and neuroendocrine tumors
Distal chevron osteotomy for hallux valgus surgery:role of fixation and postoperative regimens in the long-term outcomes of distal chevron osteotomy – a randomised, controlled, two-by-two factorial trial of 100 patients
Prognostic impact of preoperative and postoperative critical conditions on the outcome of coronary artery bypass surgery
Surgical treatment of canine cranial cruciate ligament deficiency : a literature review
Bioresorbable plain and ciprofloxacin-releasing self-reinforced PLGA 80/20 implants' suitability for craniofacial surgery : histological and mechanical assessment
The Bowel Surgery: Understanding Common Indications for  Bowel Surgery, and Necessary Nutrition Support and Patient Guide.
ANZ journal of surgery
The bowel surgery : understanding common indications for bowel surgery, and necessary nutrition support and patient guide
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 9, A nameless monster
Laparoscopic roux-en-y gastric bypass for morbid obesity : impact of preoperative endoscopy, enhanced recovery protocol, and on the prevalence of obstructive sleep apnoea
Essential surgery : problems, diagnosis and management
Controversial issues and new trends in elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy
The tigers wife
Naoki Urasawa's Monster. Volume 2 : Surprise party
Clinical and experimental studies on cardiomyocyte apoptosis in ischemia-reperfusion injury and myocardial protection during cardiac surgery
One life
Gifted hands
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 2, Surprise party
Late-onset spinal motor neuronopathy : a new neuromuscular disease
In the despair of a Japanese POW camp on the Burma Death Railway, surgeon Dorrigo Evans is haunted by his affair with his uncle's young wife two years earlier. Struggling to save the men under his command from starvation, from cholera, from pitiless beatings, he receives a letter that will change his life forever.
Periprocedural prognostic factors in coronary interventions : retrospective studies
Key questions in anaesthesia
Principles of surgical research
The attack
The scalpel, the sword : the story of Dr. Norman Bethune
Secret warriors : key scientists, code breakers and propagandists of the Great War
The narrow road to the deep North
Under the knife
Turn of mind
Farquharson's textbook of operative surgery
Sick leave prescribing practices in Finland
Black Jack. Vol. 2 : Two-fisted surgeon / [English adaptation by Yuji Oniki]
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 7, Richard
When breath becomes air
High tibial osteotomy and unicompartmental knee arthroplasty:the treatment of isolated medial osteoarthritis of the knee:a registry-based study in Finland
MASH : a novel about three army doctors
The retention of a complete denture and the patient’s adaptation varies considerably among different individuals. Resorption of the edentulous alveolar ridge differs greatly and some patients need implant-retained overdentures to enable adequate retention of their prostheses. In some extreme cases it is necessary to increase the volume of the alveolar ridge with bone grafts. The aim of this study was to examine the outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment conducted in Oulu University Hospital. The aim was also to assess the impact of treatment on oral health-related quality of life and patient satisfaction.The study group was comprised of patients treated with a mandibular or maxillary implant overdenture and a group of patients with extreme mandibular bone resorption treated with extraoral bone grafts and implants. The treatments were performed in 1985–2013 thus also providing long-term results.The results of this study showed predictable and successful treatment outcomes also among elderly patients and in severe situations with bone deficiency. The most frequent complication in the clinical follow-up was loosening of the retention mechanism, commonly noted in other previous studies. Despite some minor mechanical defects in prosthetic structures or mild mucosal inflammation around the implants, they did not hinder everyday use of the prostheses. Neither the number of supporting implants nor the connection type seemed to have a great impact on patient satisfaction. Older patients with a mandibular overdenture seemed to be most satisfied. In conclusion, treatment with implant overdentures seems to be successful also in the long-term.
Arthroscopic anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction with a hamstring autograft : reconstruction technique, graft placement and muscle performance
Textbook of small animal surgery. Vol. 1
All that is solid melts into air
The fourth hand
"At the age of 36, on the verge of a completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi's health began to falter. He started losing weight and was wracked by waves of excruciating back pain. A CT scan confirmed what Paul, deep down, had suspected: he had stage four lung cancer, widely disseminated. One day, he was a doctor making a living treating the dying, and the next, he was a patient struggling to live. Just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined, the culmination of decades of striving, evaporated. With incredible literary quality, philosophical acuity, and medical authority, When Breath Becomes Air approaches the questions raised by facing mortality from the dual perspective of the neurosurgeon who spent a decade meeting patients in the twilight between life and death, and the terminally ill patient who suddenly found himself living in that liminality. At the base of Paul's inquiry are essential questions, such as: What makes life worth living in the face of death? What happens when the future, instead of being a ladder toward the goals of life, flattens out into a perpetual present? When faced with a terminal diagnosis, what does it mean to have a child, to nuture a new life as another one fades away? As Paul wrote, "Before my cancer was diagnosed, I knew that someday I would die, but I didn't know when. After the diagnosis, I knew that someday I would die, but I didn't know when. But now I knew it acutely. The problem wasn't really a scientific one. The fact of death is unsettling. Yet there is no other way to live." Paul Kalanithi passed away in March 2015, while working on this book"--
Pain after coronary artery bypass grafting surgery : clinical studies of acute and persistent postoperative pain
The Scandinavian Association for Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery ; The Scandinavian Society for Extracorporeal Technology : 37th annual congress , August 1-3, 1988 Helsinki, Finland : programme and abstracts
Effect of treatment of severe malocclusion and related factors on oral health-related quality of life
Intra-articular injections in the management of canine osteoarthritis : a review of the literature
Endoscopic biliary procedures : studies on cannulation and stenting
Surgically treated hip fracture in older people with special emphasis on mortality analysis
Small animal surgery
Non-resorbable glass fibre-reinforced composite with porous surface as bone substitute material : experimental studies in vitro and in vivo focused on bone-implant interface
Naoki Urasawa's Monster. Volume 4 : Ayse's friend
Distal physeal radius fracture in a colt
Essential orthopaedics and trauma
History of stereotactic psychosurgery in Finland
Freetown, Sierra Leone: a devastating civil war has left an entire populace with terrible secrets to keep. In the capital's hospital Kai, a gifted young surgeon is plagued by demons that are beginning to threaten his livelihood. Elsewhere in the hospital lies Elias Cole, a university professor who recalls the love that obsessed him and drove him to acts that are far from heroic. As past and present intersect, Kai and Elias are drawn unwittingly closer by Adrian, a British psychiatrist with good intentions, and into the path of one woman at the centre of their stories. "The Memory of Love" is a heartbreaking story of ordinary people in extraordinary circumstances.
Operative manual of endoscopic surgery 2
Naoki Urasawa's Monster. Volume 8 : My nameless hero
Naoki Urasawa's Monster. Volume 9 : A nameless monster
"For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question What makes a life worth living? At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi's transformation from a naive medical student "possessed," as he wrote, "by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life" into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.  What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir.  Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything," he wrote. "Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: 'I can't go on. I'll go on.'" When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both.  Advance praise for When Breath Becomes Air    "Rattling, heartbreaking, and ultimately beautiful, the too-young Dr. Kalanithi's memoir is proof that the dying are the ones who have the most to teach us about life."--Atul Gawande  "Thanks to When Breath Becomes Air, those of us who never met Paul Kalanithi will both mourn his death and benefit from his life. This is one of a handful of books I consider to be a universal donor--I would recommend it to anyone, everyone."--Ann Patchett"--
Naoki Urasawa's Monster. Volume 5 : After the carnival
Perioperative bleeding and use of blood products in coronary artery bypass grafting
The Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland and its medical school 1784-1984
The blessed surgeon : the life of Saint Luke, Archbishop of Simferopol
Acute abdominal pain in children with special reference to surgical techniques and effects of opioid analgesia on diagnostic accuracy
The narrow road to the deep north
Nursing the surgical patient
Training surgical skills in a simulated and authentic environment : expertise challenges in development of surgical laparoscopy practicing
Naoki Urasawa's Monster. Volume 7 : Richard
An anatomy of addiction : Sigmund Freud, William Halsted and the miracle drug cocaine
Surgical instruments : a pocket guide
Parents' perceptions and alleviation of children's postoperative pain at home after day surgery
Atlas of equine surgery
EEG-based monitoring during general anaesthesia and sedation : studies on cardiac surgery and status epilepticus patients
The author relates how a chance encounter in a magic shop with a woman who taught him exercises to ease his sufferings and manifest his greatest desires gave him a glimpse of the relationship between the brain and the heart, and drove him to explore the neuroscience of compassion and altruism.
The remote body : the phenomenology of telepresence and re-embodiment
Outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment
My name is Mary Sutter
Myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury and systemic inflammatory response in high-risk cardiac surgery : a clinical study of the effects of high-dose glucose-insulin treatment and the use of leukocyte-depleting filter
Operative treatment of ovarian cancer and borderline tumors in different hospital categories in Finland
Lover unbound
Black Jack. Volume 1
Remote ischemic precondition before hypothermic circulatory arrest in a porcine model:a special reference to oxidative stress
'The Attack' offers a timely and disturbing journey that illuminates the human cost of terrorism and deceit.
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 8, My nameless hero
Remote ischemic preconditioning as a means to protect the brain against hypothermic circulatory arrest:an experimental study on piglets
Abernathy's surgical secrets
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Into the magic shop : a neurosurgeon's true story of the life-changing magic of compassion and mindfulness
Abstract book
Manual of small animal surgery
