http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6182 doctors (medical)
doctors (medical)
Lover unleashed
The Boneshaker
A comparative study on challenges in the psychosocial work environment of Finnish and foreign-born general practitioners
Black Jack. Volume 6
Merivel : a man of his time
Inconvenient people : lunacy, liberty, and the mad-doctors in Victorian England
Black Jack. Volume 14
An Irish country village : a novel
Ethical issues in preventive medicine
Medical negligence law : seeking a balance
Division for higher education and research : handbook on medicine and human rights : Finnish national report
A state of fear : my 10 years inside Iran's torture jails
Willow the Duckling
Moonlight in the morning : a novel
Doctors
The plague
Everest : the first ascent how a champion of science helped to conquer the mountain
The drought
The physician in art - art in the physician
Christmas on 4th Street
The adventures of Dr. McNinja : Night powers
The man who : a theatrical research
The annual general meeting of the Federation of Veterinarians of Europe held in Lisbon on 28-29 May 1998.
Mozaika slovenskej medicíny = A mosaic of Slovak medicine
The last time I saw her : a novel
Secrets to keep
Unknown soldier. Vol. 3 : Dry season
Burnout and self-reported health among finnish physicians
Cold steel
Physician-assisted suicide
The poisoner : the life and crimes of Victorian England's most notorious doctor
Understanding biological concepts at university : investigating learning in medical and teacher education
Patient participation in decision making process in primary care : a conversation analytic study
We shall remember
Staying alive : how to get the best from the NHS
Prevention of work-related musculoskeletal problems among dentists in Pori dental care center
The birth house
Finnish preclinical and clinical medical students as strategic L2 English learners : language learning strategies and communicating with patients
Doctors, politics and society : historical essays
The secret
Band- aid for a broken leg : being a doctor with no borders (and others ways to stay single)
Do opposites attract?
Black Jack. Volume 3
An opportunity to Tanzanian veterinarians
The island of doctor Moreau
Alcatraz Island : memoirs of a Rock Doc
Yhteenveto - Summary.
Out of my life and thought : an autobiography
How to teach the doctor? : ten laws to teach medicine
Legal aspects of medical practice
The pleasure of thinking : a journey through the sideways leaps of ideas
Mean streak
Handle with care
Engaged or exhausted : how does it affect dentists' clinical productivity?
Where my heart used to beat
Next please
After Nicole Perkins opens her store, The Christmas Attic, in Fool's Gold, California, business is booming. When recuperating army doctor Gabriel Boylan offers to help out during the holiday rush, she discovers his memories of Christmas past contain more sour grapes than sugarplums. Are the red-hot mistletoe kisses they can't stop sharing just a distraction for him-- or is true love just waiting to be unwrapped?
Healing hands : customizing your health team for institutional survival : a review and analysis of multiskilled health practitioner education and employment
So many Everests
Industrial organization studies on pharmaceutical markets
Doctors in politics : the political life of the Japan Medical Association
The dolphin people
The voice of the spirits : a commandant De Palma investigation
Wild with you
A grave concern : the twenty second chronicle of Matthew Bartholomew
Black Jack. Volume 8
Unknown soldier. [Vol. 4] : Beautiful world
Physicians, law, and ethics
Nothing lasts forever
The beginner's goodbye
Black Jack. Volume 12
Inspiring Medical Education : evidence and fiction : NFME Conference 3rd-5th May 2001, Helsinki, Finland
Dylan the doctor
The winter of the lions
The Doc is in : meet Doc and her toy pals
The expendable man
Black Jack. Volume 15
On-call stress among Finnish anaesthetists
The courts and the doctor
Blood count
Love songs from a shallow grave
5 years later, no change in the weather : gender differences in physician worklife and organizational climate
Butterworths medico-legal encyclopedia
Veterinary work management application - MatVet
Veterinary and animal ethics : proceedings of the fist international conference on veterinary animal ethics, September 2011
Black Jack. Volume 10
Utilization and appropriateness of self-medication in Finland
The autobiographical ana of Robley Dunglison, M.D
Mental health law in context : doctors' orders?
Summary: Developing drug therapy with the ROHTO programme.
Unfinished business
Under the knife
Rick, Andy, Louis and me : Microglossus
Slash and burn
The check-up
Physicians' gender and clinical opinions of reproductive health matters
When breath becomes air
UK-Nordic Workshop : strategies, methods and assessment of vocational training and continuing education of general practitioners 30.5.-3.6.1990
Professionals in transition : physicians' careers, migration and gender in Lithuania
From its opening pages on Oliver Sacks' youthful obsession with motorcycles and speed, this memoir is infused with his restless energy. As he recounts his experiences as a young neurologist in the early 1960s, first in California and then in New York, it becomes clear that his earnest desire for engagement has occasioned unexpected encounters and travels. This is the story of a brilliantly unconventional physician and writer - and a man who has illuminated the many ways that the brain makes us human.
On the move : a life
MASH : a novel about three army doctors
Physician-Nurse Relationship : Nurses' perception in internal medicine and surgical units
A day at the Yorktown Animal Hospital
The promise
All that is solid melts into air
Moonlight Masquerade : a novel
Answering the call : the doctor who made Africa his life : the remarkable life of Albert Schweitzer
Resident alien. [Vol. 1] : Welcome to earth!
Unknown soldier. Vol. 2 : Easy kill
A business plan for a new type of medical centre in Eastern Finland
Ladybird stories for 5 year olds
The anatomist's apprentice
"Mountains Beyond Mountains" takes us from Harvard to Haiti, Peru, Cuba and Russia, as the charismatic but flawed genius Dr Paul Farmer challenges widely-held preconceptions about poverty and healthcare. As a medical student, Farmer found his life's calling: to cure infectious diseases and to bring the lifesaving tools of modern medicine - so readily available in the developed world - to those who need them most. Beginning in Haiti, he tackles the conditions that contribute to so many unnecessary deaths with his trademark combination of world-class expertise, unlimited compassion, and the unstinting dedication of friends and colleagues. Tracy Kidder's magnificent and moving account shows how, from achieving this modest dream, one person can make a difference in solving global problems through a clear-eyed understanding of the interaction of politics, wealth, social systems and medicine.
The story of San Michele
Interactive expertise : studies in distributed working intelligence
A history of the present illness
Through rose-coloured glasses : From the Soviet times to Independence. Recollections of an estonian professor emeritus
The book of madness and cures
Family doctors' journey to quality
Human life and medical practice
Recruiting Estonian doctors to Finnish hospitals : a case study of the Kymenlaakso Hospital District
Star Trek : Leonard McCoy frontier doctor
"For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question What makes a life worth living? At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi's transformation from a naive medical student "possessed," as he wrote, "by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life" into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.  What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir.  Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything," he wrote. "Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: 'I can't go on. I'll go on.'" When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both.  Advance praise for When Breath Becomes Air    "Rattling, heartbreaking, and ultimately beautiful, the too-young Dr. Kalanithi's memoir is proof that the dying are the ones who have the most to teach us about life."--Atul Gawande  "Thanks to When Breath Becomes Air, those of us who never met Paul Kalanithi will both mourn his death and benefit from his life. This is one of a handful of books I consider to be a universal donor--I would recommend it to anyone, everyone."--Ann Patchett"--
Instant gratificatio
Doctor Ted
Mountains beyond mountains
Black Cross
See how much I love you
Adventures in human being
Principles of medical law. Fourth cumulative supplement, Bringing the main text up to date to 1 September 2001
Memoirs of a woman doctor
The politics of medical encounters : how patients and doctors deal with social problems
Black Jack. Volume 11
Thanksgiving
Sokoine University of Agriculture, Facultry of Veterinary Medicine
My name is Mary Sutter
The physician
John Snow
The first patient
The reluctant midwife : a Hope River novel
Band-aid for a broken leg : being a doctor with no borders and other ways to stay single
I'll never get out of this world alive
The forbidden
Black Jack. Volume 9
Medicine today
The healer's power
Black Jack. Volume 4
The possessions of Doctor Forrest : {a novel}
The English girl
A young doctor's notebook
Pandora's daughter
Profession of medicine : a study of the sociology of applied knowledge
