http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6187 home district
home district
Proceedings of Maintenance, condition monitoring and diagnostics : international seminar held in October 2-3, 2000 in Oulu, Finland
Whoever is born here, is doomed to stay 'til death. Whoever settles, never leaves.  Welcome to Black Spring, the seemingly picturesque Hudson Valley town haunted by the Black Rock Witch, a 17th century woman whose eyes and mouth are sewn shut. Muzzled, she walks the streets and enters your homes at will. She stands next to your bed for nights on end. Everybody knows that her eyes may never be opened.  The elders of Black Spring have virtually quarantined the town by using high-tech surveillance to prevent their curse from spreading. Frustrated with being kept in lockdown, the town's teenagers decide to break their strict regulations and go viral with the haunting, but in so doing send the town spiraling into the dark, medieval practices of the past.
Sharp objects
Kitchen Princess. 4
Country Chic
Migrants and the homeland : images, symbols, and realities
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Travels in paradox : remapping tourism
The city as a nostalgic home district
Nordic landscapes : region and belonging on the northern edge of Europe
Heimat : a critical theory of the German idea of homeland
Industrialization before industrialization : rural industry in the genesis of capitalism
Introducing dry toilet technology to households : case: Ho Municipality in Ghana
Consumption in rural Bangladesh : households, lifestyles, and identities
Domicide : the global destruction of home
Liddypool : birthplace of the Beatles
The course of Frank Mackey's life was set by one defining moment when he was 19. The moment his girlfriend, Rosie Daly, failed to turn up for their rendezvous and failed to run away with him to London as they had planned. Frank never heard from her again. 20 years on, Frank's still in Dublin, working as an undercover cop. But what happened to Rosie? / WordCat.
Främlingar i eget land = Muukalaisina omassa maassaan = Strangers in their own country
Our brand is crisis
In my own shire : region and belonging in British writing, 1840-1970
Migrants of identity : perceptions of home in a world of movement
Go Set a Watchman
Miller's Valley : a novel
Sword of vengeance
The black tongue
Leaves of grass
From Alberti to Aalto : the trinity of domicile, family and architecture / Renja Suominen-Kokkonen
The Oxford guide to literary Britain & Ireland
Moving in the USSR : western anomalies and northern wilderness
Go set a watchman
Faithful place
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
Reasons not to move to the country : one woman's calamitous attempt to live the rural dream
Between time and space
The fine colour of rust
Images of home region : the image young people have of their home and its surrounding area
The driftless area
For love of the "Heimat" : estate owners' remigration as a regional resource in Mecklenburg
The girl savage
Kitchen Princess. 3
Ukrainian otherlands : diaspora, homeland, and folk imagination in the twentieth century
Peeling the onion
Juurista ammentaen = Vitality : from the root up
Homesickness : an American history
The summer without men
Performing nostalgia : migration culture and creativity in South Albania
Development and the African diaspora : place and the politics of home
Home economics advisory services in rural areas of Europe
Rural households and resource allocation for development : an ecosystem perspective
Harper's island. Tuotantokausi 1.
The descendants
"Life in the suburbs is mere residing" : home, moving and belonging in the suburbs of the Helsinki metropolitan area from the 1950s to the 1970s
In the land of women
Silent Cry
Tourism, mobility, and second homes : between elite landscape and common ground
Native region discourse as an expression of local and national identity
Fieldwork at home : possibilities and limitations of native research
The Heikki epoch : events in the story of the Keto family and family estate under four generations in the 19th century
Self-identification : the birth and loss of local symbols
Raseborg : a town in the making
The Lake of Dreams
My first book of farm animals
Pat of Silver Bush
Watership Down
The old woman who loved to read
The walk home
Between location and a sense of place : observations regarding young people's migration alacrity in Northern Europe
The ice princess
Sharp objects : a novel
