http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6192 references
references
Legal research exercises : following The Bluebook : a uniform system of citation, seventh edition : to accompany Robert C. Berring's Finding the law and Cohen, Berring and Olson's How to find the law
Research paper handbook : your complete guide
This paper is based on a session “How to make forest science available for all? Publishers', editors', and authors' challenges” at the IUFRO XXIV world conference, organized by Pekka Nygren and Eeva Korpilahti from the Finnish Society of Forest Science. The presenters dealt with the topical problems of publishing scientific knowledge from different perspectives. The talks covered the development of journals, publications and submissions, benefits and drawbacks of open access publishing as well as electronic and traditional publishing, and possibilities to promote interesting papers either from the journal's or from the author's perspective, and the problems of disseminating the scientific results to the end users. In this paper, a few prevalent viewpoints, inspired by the session, are raised and discussed with some suggestions included.
Synthesizing research : a guide for literature reviews
Principles of citing and referencing in scientific writing
Intertextuality, allusion, and quotation : an international bibliography of critical studies
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 10, Research and referencing : course book
Owners, annotators and the signs of reading
A concise guide to MLA documentation and style
Modes of co-reference as an indicator of genre
Nursing & health survival guide : medical abbreviations & normal ranges
Write like a chemist : a guide and resource
CEFLING: Combining Second Language Acquisition and Testing Approaches to Writing
Only in books : writers, readers, bibliophiles on their passion
References to the work of J. G. Granö
Referencing & understanding plagiarism
Planning an applied research project in hospitality, tourism, & sports
Reference
Cross-linguistic and cross-cultural perspectives on academic discourse
The essential guide : research writing across the disciplines
Documentation, bibliographical references, abbreviations of typical words
APA style simplified : writing in psychology, education, nursing, and sociology
Addenda 2008 to the bibliography of References to the work of J. G. Granö
Suomen kirjailijat 1945-1980 : pienoiselämäkerrat : teosbibliografiat : tutkimusviitteet : kortbiografier : verkförteckningar : litteraturhänvisningar = Writers in Finland 1945-1980 : concise biographies : bibliographies : research references = Finlands författare 1945-1980
A uniform system of citation
Consumer experience and packaging design : consumer insights related to mobile phone packaging
MLA handbook for writers of research papers
All assignments need to include correct references: this book shows you how. Cite them right is the renowned guide to referencing and avoiding plagiarism. Now in its tenth edition, the book continues to provide detailed examples for all print and electronic sources, business, government, technical and legal publications, works of art and images. Key features: Cite any information source, from ancient texts to Instagram. Examples are given in Harvard, APA, MHRA, MLA, OSCOLA, Vancouver and Chicago referencing styles. Simplified advice on referencing online publications. More sources now covered, including mood boards, clipart, Instagram and public inquiries. Guidance on what is plagiarism and how to avoid it.
Bibliographical analysis : a historical introduction
Information and documentation : guidelines for bibliographic references and citations to information resources = Information et documentation : principes directeurs pour la rédaction des références bibliographiques et des citations des ressources d'information
Legal research exercises : following the Bluebook [;] a uniform system of citation
The role of references : the last white area in business marketing?
Maternal thyroid function during pregnancy:effects on pregnancy, peri- and neonatal outcome and on later maternal health
Combating student plagiarism : an academic librarian's guide
Multidimensional journal evaluation : analyzing scientific periodicals beyond the impact factor
Challenges in publishing: producing, assuring and communicating quality
Database system concepts
Biblical allusions in the song lyrics of Bob Dylan between the years 1962-1975
In 2011, TRB and ITRD released TRID, the TRIS and ITRD Database.  TRID is the world's largest and most comprehensive bibliographic resource on transportation research information.  It is produced and maintained by the Transportation Research Board of the US National Academies with sponsorship by State Departments of Transportation, the various administrations at the U.S. Department of Transportation, and other sponsors of TRB's core technical activities.  ITRD is produced by ITRD member organizations under the under the sponsorship of Joint Transport Research Centre (collectively JTRC) of the International Transport Forum and Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and ITRD. TRID contains more than 1.1 million records of references to books, technical reports, conference proceedings, and journal articles in the field of transportation research. Close to 600 serial titles are regularly scanned and indexed for TRID.
Cite-Checker : your guide to using the Bluebook
The management of a student research project
Doing a literature review in nursing, health and social care
Handbook of relational database design
How to find information : a guide for researchers
The Bedford handbook
Covering all information sources used by students, this guide provides detailed examples of new media, such as the Internet, text messages and virtual learning environments and a comprehensive range of printed sources.
More opening nights on Broadway : a critical quotebook of the musical theatre 1965 through 1981
The combined application of bibliographic coupling and the complete link cluster method in bibliometric science mapping
Research Assessment Exercise report 2014 : international evaluation of research at the University of Oulu
Doing a literature search : a comprehensive guide for the social sciences
Literature and bibliometrics
Essay writing skills : essential techniques to gain top marks
Labels and labelling : a literature review
On the measurement of research performance : the use of bibliometric indicators
Cite them right : the essential referencing guide
The Chicago manual of style
Reference groups : exploration into conformity and deviation of adolescents
A bibliography of bibliometrics and citation indexing & analysis
The past, present and future of the impact factor and other tools of scientometrics : (their use in comparing the scientific quality of researchers, journals, institutions, and countries)
The mature student's guide to writing
Patents, citations and innovations : a window on the knowledge economy
Technical communication
TRID : the TRIS and ITRD database
Academic writing and grammar for students
This guide explains why referencing is an essential part of good writing and shows how to do it. It explains what plagiarism is and how to avoid it. With clear explanations and examples, this handy, easy-to-read guide has engaging illustrations and an informal style.
Mastering APA style : instructor's resource guide
Writing up your university assignments and research projects : a practical handbook
Part 1. Understanding the technical communication environment -- Part 2. Planning the document -- Part 3. Developing and testing the verbal and visual information -- Part 4. Learning important applications -- Appendix: Reference handbook.
The Publish or Perish book. Part 2, Citation analysis for academics and administrators
Academic research, writing, and referencing
Concise rules of APA style
A Concise Guide to Documentation: MLA, APA, and Chicago
References to the European Court
Definition in theory and practice : language, lexicography and the law
Tietohuolto = Information and documentation. Tunnukset = Identifiers
Encyclopedia of literature and science
The college student's research companion
This book gives an overview of altmetrics, its tools and how to implement them successfully to boost and measure research outputs. New methods of scholarly communication and dissemination of information are having a huge impact on how academics and researchers build profiles and share research. This groundbreaking and highly practical guide looks at the role that library and information professionals can play in facilitating these new ways of working and demonstrating impact and influence. Altmetrics focuses on research artefact level metrics that are not exclusive to traditional journal papers but also extend to book chapters, posters and data sets, among other items. This book explains the theory behind altmetrics, including how it came about, why it can help academics and where it sits amongst current measurements of impact. Editor Andy Tattersall draws on the expertise of leading altmetric innovators and practitioners, with chapters from Euan Adie, the founder of Altmetric.com; William Gunn, the Head of Academic Outreach at Mendeley and Ben Showers, author of the bestselling Facet title Library Analytics and Metrics. Readership: Altmetrics will empower library and information professionals working in higher education, researchers, academics and higher education leaders and strategists to develop the skills and knowledge needed to introduce and support altmetrics within their own institutions.--Publisher website.
The rough guide to The lost symbol : an unauthorized guide
Cite it right : the SourceAid guide to citation, research, and avoiding plagiarism
Publication manual of the American Psychological Association
Research strategies : finding your way through the information fog
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
Designing and Assessing L2 Writing Tasks Across CEFR Proficiency Levels
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
Helecon SCANP (Scandinavian Index in Economics and Business)
The bluebook : a uniform system of citation
Cite-Checker : a hands-on guide to learning citation form
The complete guide to referencing and avoiding plagiarism
The footnote : a curious history
Bibliography and footnotes : a style manual for college and university students
Visual literacy for libraries : a practical, standards-based guide
Ibidem. Master's thesis booklet 1
Johann Sebastian Bach (1685-1750) is one of the most thoroughly researched composers of Western Art music. For a young scholar, the first task of finding out the state of the current research can be a daunting one. Due to the way the bibliographical studies have been carried out and published in the past, it is unlikely that Bach scholars will ever see a comprehensive, definitive single-volume book in this subject in the future. This electronic publication project is precisely aimed at maintaining the most up-to-date information, with advanced search facilities not previously available. The Database contains over 50 000 records.
Suomen kirjailijat 1809-1916 : pienoiselämäkerrat, teosbibliografiat, tutkimusviitteet : kortbiografier, verkförteckningar, litteraturhänvisningar = Writers in Finland 1809-1916 : concise biographies, bibliographies, research references = Finlands författare 1809-1916
Disability rights and wrongs
The citation process : the role and significance of citations in scientific communication
The Publish or Perish book. Part 3, Doing bibliometric research with Google Scholar
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
Science mapping and research evaluation : a novel methodology for creating normalized citation indicators and estimating their stability
Academic writing and plagiarism : a linguistic analysis
Groundwater and its response to climate variability and change in cold snow dominated regions in Finland: methods and estimations
Research methodology : for the business and administrative sciences
Marginalia : readers writing in books
Electronic style : a guide to citing electronic information
APA - the easy way!
Information and documentation : bibliographic description and references : rules for the abbreviation of bibliographic terms = Information et documentation : description et références bibliographiques : règles pour l'abréviation des termes bibliographiques
Altmetrics : a practical guide for librarians, researchers and academics
Scholarly communication and bibliometrics
Bach bibliography : serving scholars all over the world
Avoiding plagiarism : write better papers in APA, Chicago, and Harvard citation styles
This book examines the problems, pitfalls and opportunities of different models of assessing research quality, drawing on studies from around the world. Aimed at academics, education officials and public servants, key features include an overview of the argument of whether research should be assessed and how should research quality be determined. The book offers a survey of research assessment models in the US, UK, Japan and New Zealand and includes an examination of citation analysis, and comparison between the different models.
The Publish or Perish book. Part 1, A guide to the software
Dictionary of allusions
The essential guide to using the web for research
Interactive citation workbook for the Bluebook : a uniform system of citation and ALWD citation manual : teachers' manual
Academic core collection (HeinOnline)
The Cengage guide to research
Prometheus assessed? : research measurement, peer review, and citation analysis
Write great essays!
Mastering APA style : student's workbook and training guide
Paintings in Proust : a visual companion to 'In Search of Lost Time'
Enjoy writing your science thesis or dissertation! : a step by step guide to planning and writing dissertations and theses for undergraduate and graduate science students
Essays on comparative institutions
