http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6193 citation analysis
citation analysis
Linguistics in the light of citation analysis
This book gives an overview of altmetrics, its tools and how to implement them successfully to boost and measure research outputs. New methods of scholarly communication and dissemination of information are having a huge impact on how academics and researchers build profiles and share research. This groundbreaking and highly practical guide looks at the role that library and information professionals can play in facilitating these new ways of working and demonstrating impact and influence. Altmetrics focuses on research artefact level metrics that are not exclusive to traditional journal papers but also extend to book chapters, posters and data sets, among other items. This book explains the theory behind altmetrics, including how it came about, why it can help academics and where it sits amongst current measurements of impact. Editor Andy Tattersall draws on the expertise of leading altmetric innovators and practitioners, with chapters from Euan Adie, the founder of Altmetric.com; William Gunn, the Head of Academic Outreach at Mendeley and Ben Showers, author of the bestselling Facet title Library Analytics and Metrics. Readership: Altmetrics will empower library and information professionals working in higher education, researchers, academics and higher education leaders and strategists to develop the skills and knowledge needed to introduce and support altmetrics within their own institutions.--Publisher website.
Publish or Perish. This old adage illustrates the importance of scientific communication; essential to research, it also represents a strategic sector for each countrys competitiveness. An often-neglected topic, scientific communication is of vital importance, with new information technologies accelerating and profoundly changing how knowledge is disseminated. The necessity of optimally disseminating experts findings has also become crucial to researchers, institutes and universities alike, which has prompted the recent advent of Impact Factors for the evaluation and financing of research, the goal being for scientific knowledge to be equally distributed to a very broad audience, especially to the media, entrepreneurs and socio-political players. This handbook presents the golden rules for publishing scientific articles. In order to do away with major recurring errors, the author explains how to easily structure an article and offers support for the typical mistakes made by native French speakers publishing in English, tips on how to make the style more academic of more general to fit your intended readership and, in the books closing section, suggests new publishing techniques of the Internet age such as the micro-article, which allows researchers to focus their findings into a single innovative point. The major principles presented can be applied to a broad range of documents such as theses, industry reports, publicity texts, letters of intent, CVs/resumes, blogs and press releases, as all of these documents involve presenting information on advances, discoveries, innovations, or changes to our previous knowledge.
Bibliographical analysis : a historical introduction
Publication and citation performance of Finnish cardiovascular groups
Web communities : analysis and construction
Finnish science in international comparison : a bibliometric analysis
Bibliometrics and citation analysis : from the Science citation index to cybermetrics
Challenges in publishing: producing, assuring and communicating quality
The management of a student research project
A bibliometric study of Finnish science
Bibliometric mapping as a science policy and research management tool
Literature and bibliometrics
Impact on the web of science : citations to articles published in Psychiatria Fennica
The combined application of bibliographic coupling and the complete link cluster method in bibliometric science mapping
Cite it right : the SourceAid guide to citation, research, and avoiding plagiarism
Scientific writing for impact factor journals
Prometheus assessed? : research measurement, peer review, and citation analysis
Citations in the rhetorical, reward, and communication systems of science
The future of the academic journal
Development of research networks : the case of social capital
The role of references : the last white area in business marketing?
Measuring academic research : how to undertake a bibliometric study
The past, present and future of the impact factor and other tools of scientometrics : (their use in comparing the scientific quality of researchers, journals, institutions, and countries)
Scholarly communication in library and information services : the impacts of open access journals and e-journals on a changing scenario
Synthesizing research : a guide for literature reviews
The Publish or Perish book. Part 2, Citation analysis for academics and administrators
The Publish or Perish book. Part 3, Doing bibliometric research with Google Scholar
Cross-linguistic and cross-cultural perspectives on academic discourse
The citation process : the role and significance of citations in scientific communication
Addenda 2008 to the bibliography of References to the work of J. G. Granö
Kansainvälisiä piirteitä Suomen tieteellisissä kausijulkaisuissa = International characteristics of Finnish scientific and scholary priodicals
Science mapping and research evaluation : a novel methodology for creating normalized citation indicators and estimating their stability
Worldwide competitive biomass energy technologies : a patent family approach
Bibliometrics has moved well beyond the mere tracking of bibliographic citations. The web enables new ways to measure scholarly productivity and impact, making available tools and data that can reveal patterns of intellectual activity and impact that were previously invisible: mentions, acknowledgments, endorsements, downloads, recommendations, blog posts, tweets. This book describes recent theoretical and practical advances in metrics-based research, examining a variety of alternative metrics -- or "altmetrics" -- while also considering the ethical and cultural consequences of relying on metrics to assess the quality of scholarship. Once the domain of information scientists and mathematicians, bibliometrics is now a fast-growing, multidisciplinary field that ranges from webometrics to scientometrics to influmetrics. The contributors to Beyond Bibliometrics discuss the changing environment of scholarly publishing, the effects of open access and Web 2.0 on genres of discourse, novel analytic methods, and the emergence of next-generation metrics in a performance-conscious age. Contributors : Mayur Amin, Judit Bar-Ilan, Johann Bauer, Lutz Bornmann, Benjamin F. Bowman, Kevin W. Boyack, Blaise Cronin, Ronald Day, Nicola De Bellis, Jonathan Furner, Yves Gingras, Stefanie Haustein, Edwin Henneken, Peter A. Hook, Judith Kamalski, Richard Klavans, Kayvan Kousha, Michael Kurtz, Mark Largent, Julia Lane, Vincent Larivire, Loet Leydesdorff, Werner Marx, Katherine W. McCain, Margit Palzenberger, Andrew Plume, Jason Priem, Rebecca Rosen, Hermann Schier, Hadas Shema, Cassidy R. Sugimoto, Mike Thelwall, Daril Vilhena, Jevin West, Paul Wouters.
Language, thought and reference
Citation analysis in research evaluation
The web of knowledge : a Festschrift in honor of Eugene Garfield
Conceptual and theoretical underpinnings in the research of corporate political activity: A bibliometric analysis
Beyond bibliometrics : harnessing multidimensional indicators of scholarly impact
Altmetrics : a practical guide for librarians, researchers and academics
Scholarly communication and bibliometrics
Consumer behavior and marketing strategy
Striving for excellence : Aalto University research assessment excercise 2009 and bibliometric analysis 2003-2007 : project report
Modes of co-reference as an indicator of genre
Planning an applied research project in hospitality, tourism, & sports
Bibliometrics : new dimensions and latest trend
This paper is based on a session “How to make forest science available for all? Publishers', editors', and authors' challenges” at the IUFRO XXIV world conference, organized by Pekka Nygren and Eeva Korpilahti from the Finnish Society of Forest Science. The presenters dealt with the topical problems of publishing scientific knowledge from different perspectives. The talks covered the development of journals, publications and submissions, benefits and drawbacks of open access publishing as well as electronic and traditional publishing, and possibilities to promote interesting papers either from the journal's or from the author's perspective, and the problems of disseminating the scientific results to the end users. In this paper, a few prevalent viewpoints, inspired by the session, are raised and discussed with some suggestions included.
Following the footnotes : a bibliometric analysis of citation patterns in literary studies
The Publish or Perish book. Part 1, A guide to the software
References to the work of J. G. Granö
This book examines the problems, pitfalls and opportunities of different models of assessing research quality, drawing on studies from around the world. Aimed at academics, education officials and public servants, key features include an overview of the argument of whether research should be assessed and how should research quality be determined. The book offers a survey of research assessment models in the US, UK, Japan and New Zealand and includes an examination of citation analysis, and comparison between the different models.
A bibliography of bibliometrics and citation indexing & analysis
Multidimensional journal evaluation : analyzing scientific periodicals beyond the impact factor
Reference
Academic writing and plagiarism : a linguistic analysis
Patents, citations and innovations : a window on the knowledge economy
This book outlines how to undertake a bibliometric study, a topic of vital importance in academic research today. Scientometrics studies scientific productivity and can be applied to all disciplines. Many analyses have been applied in relation to bibliometric studies, but few have shown how to actually carry out the analysis. This book provides a guide on how to develop a bibliometric study, from the first step in which the topic to study has to be set, to the analysis and interpretation. Key features include: a practical and easy to read guide on how to carry out a bibliometric study; gives a wide and up-to-date view about the most common scientometric indexes; and analyses are illustrated with multiple and practical examples about their application. Readership include: Lecturers and graduate students from many disciplines who are interested in carrying out a bibliometric study in their specific area. The book can also be used as a tool for the study of Scientometrics in general. Moreover, it is of interest to researchers who need information about the bibliometric indicators of their area of study and also require a brief guide on how to apply the main analyses of this science.
On the measurement of research performance : the use of bibliometric indicators
The publish or perish book : your guide to effective and responsible citation analysis
