http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p619 deflation
deflation
Stable price level and changing prices
Aeolian landforms and processes in the timberline region of northern Finnish Lapland
Global capitalism, deflation and agrarian crisis in developing countries
Markets and democracy in Russia
Conquer the crash : you can survive and prosper in a deflationary depression
Japan's inflation expectations as a measure of the success of Abenomics
Palaeo-wind abrasion in southern Scandinavia : field and laboratory studies
Euro area inflation has long been below the European Central Bank's objective for price stability and has continued to slow in recent months. This has given rise to heightened concerns that the euro area could soon be facing a prolonged period of deflation, as recently in Japan. The case of the United States shows, however, that the Japanese experience can be avoided. The key would seem to be the anchoring of inflation expectations. In the euro area, new measures of monetary accommodation have contributed to reducing the risk of Japanese-style deflation.
The death of money : the coming collapse of the international monetary system
Japan's policy of actively stimulating the economy has been dubbed Abenomics, after Shinzo Abe, who was elected as prime minister a little over a year ago. The main objective of Abenomics is to bring Japan on to a permanent growth trajectory and leave behind the prolonged deflationary spiral. The Bank of Japan has set a 2% inflation target, which it supports with a monetary policy of zero interest rates and quantitative easing. Both recorded inflation and consumers' and market inflation expectations have firmed up in recent months. It is, however, unclear to what extent the current performance of the Japanese economy is a consequence of the policies pursued and whether the changes will be permanent..
Demand for money in transition : evidence from China's disinflation
The post-war unemployment problem
Apulaisprofessori Veikko Reinikainen 60 vuotta : kansantaloustieteellisiä tutkimuksia = Essays on economics in honour of Veikko Reinikainen on his sixtieth birthday
Deflation : current and historical perspectives
Measuring central bank independence in selected transition countries and the disinflation process
The age of deleveraging : investment strategies for a decade of slow growth and deflation
Deflation : what happens when prices fall
Debt, innovations, and deflation : the theories of Veblen, Fisher, Schumpeter, and Minsky
Money for nothing : real wealth, financial fantasies, and the economy of the future
Is the euro area at risk of Japanese-style deflation?
Interest and prices : foundations of a theory of monetary policy
Deflation : determinants, risks, and policy options
On stagflation problems of small open economies : a Scandinavian & Post Keynesian view about internationalization process
