http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6191 dams
dams
Principles and practice of managing soilborne plant pathogens
Mekong erosion, hydropower development and sediment trapping by the reservoirs
Designed for dry feet : flood protection and land reclamation in the Netherlands
Modern myths of the Mekong : summaries
Abstract: Market research of hydropower in Nordic countries - Case: PowerMortar..
Development proposals to the water monitoring and management of Hartbeespoort Dam
Embanked floodplains in the Netherlands : geomorphological evolution over various time scales
MRI of the upper extremity : shoulder, elbow, wrist and hand
Fumonisin B1 and beauvericin accumulation in wheat kernels after seed-borne infection with Fusarium proliferatum
Dam protection on grazing land in Kwale district, Kenya ; Manual for dam protection on grazing land in Kwale district, Kenya
Managing Europe's water resources : twenty-first century challenges
With reference to the Project area in India, Bangladesh, and Nepal.
Dams, fish and fisheries : opportunities, challenges and conflict resolution
Water
A history of dams
The archæological survey of Nubia : report for 1907-1908.. Plates accompanying volume 2.
Auditory system plasticity and regeneration
Shear strength of unfilled and rough rock joints in sliding stability analyses of concrete dams
The seventy architectural wonders of our world : amazing structures and how they were built
Molecular mechanisms of fever
Market research of hydropower in Nordic countries : case: PowerMortarTM
The river as an actor-network : a perspective on conflicts between economy, environment and politics from China's Three Gorges project
Flood control and drainage engineering
Cytokines and adhesion molecules in lung inflammation
Regulation of angiogenesis
Lotic life stages of the European river lamprey (Lampetra fluviatilis) : anthropogenic detriment and rehabilitation
Case concerning the Gabčíkovo-Nagymaros project (Hungary/Slovakia) : order of 14 July 1993 = Affaire relative au projet Gabčíkovo-Nagymaros (Hongrie/Slovaquie) : ordonnance du 14 juillet 1993
The synapse, function, plasticity, and neurotrophism
Cold-climate constructed wetlands : aerobic pre-treatment and horizontal subsurface flow systems for domestic sewage and landfill leachate purification = Konstruerte våtmarker i kaldt klima : aerob forbehandling og horisontal strømmende filtre for rensing av avløpsvann og sigevann fra fyllinger
The Nile : origin, environments, limnology and human use
Veniceland Atlantis : the bleak future of the world's favourite city
Nutrition therapy and pathophysiology
Psychobiology of posttraumatic stress disorder
Salmonella infections acquired abroad and detected in Finland, 1995-2009
Seminar on Dam Safety : Rovaniemi (Finland) 29 August - 2 September 1988
T-cell receptor use in human autoimmune diseases
The archæological survey of Nubia : report for 1907-1908.. Plates and plans accompanying volume 1.
Impacts of large dams : a global assessment
Manual on small earth dams : a guide to siting, design and construction
The river dragon has come! : the Three Gorges Dam and the fate of China's Yangtze River and its people
Effects of flow regulation and fragmentation by dams on riparian flora in boreal rivers
Research on the composting technique of Dahuofang reservoir
Fire blight, which is an important disease of apples and pears, has never been detected in continental Finland. In this study the suitability of the Finnish climate for apple blossom blight infections by Erwinia amylovora was evaluated with the epidemiological model MaryblytTM. This was done in fourteen locations, and for two apple cultivars differing in flowering times. Climatic conditions were predicted to be suitable for blossom infections in 18 - 51% of the years, and the annual period of suitable conditions was predicted to last up to two to five days, depending on the location and apple cultivar. The suitable period was predicted to be longer in some locations in central Finland than in those in the southernmost parts of the country. Based on these results the official surveys that are carried out to confirm the absence of fire blight in Finland cannot be targeted only to some parts of the country.
Environmental impact assessment of the Pequenos Libombos Dam in Southern Mozambique : an evaluation of methods for terrain analysis, sediment transport and reservoir sedimentation in an EIA framework
Neuroscience for the Study of Communicative Disorders
SuperStructures : the world's greatest modern structures
Underground facilities : experience, design, realisation
Fusarium proliferatum is a fungal pathogen causing ear rot of maize. The fungus infects a range of other plants but the economic impact of these diseases has not been established. Recently, F. proliferatum and its mycotoxin fumonisin were found in wheat grains. Here we report that seed-borne infection of wheat with F. proliferatum resulted in systemic colonization of wheat plants and contamination of wheat grains with fumonisins and beauvericin. F. proliferatum strains originating from different hosts were able to infect wheat via seeds. Colonization of wheat plants with the fungus was highest in the stems, followed by leaves; one third of the strains reached kernels, causing accumulation of fumonisins and beauvericin to 15-55 µg kg-1. The results show that seed-borne infection of wheat with F. proliferatum can lead to contamination of wheat kernels with mycotoxins fumonisins and beauvericin..
Water power plant and dam construction works in Finland between 1967 and 1970
Study Guide and Workbook for Understanding Pathophysiology
Persistent peasants : smallholders, state agencies and involuntary migration in Western Venezuela
Why invest in watershed management?
Potential for sharing of common regional resources in the Eastern Himalayan Region : focus on Sapta Kosi High Dam Project
Modernization of irrigation system operations : proceedings of the Fifth International ITIS Network Meeting, Aurangabad, Maharashtra, India, 28-30 October 1998.
A guide to tailings dams and impoundments : design, construction, use and rehabilitation = Guide des barrages et retenues de stériles : conception, construction, exploitation et réhabilitation
Dam safety code of practice
The dammed : rivers, dams, and the coming world water crisis
Pathophysiology in small animal surgery
Dispossession and resistance in India : the river and the rage
Atherosclerosis 6 : the Sixth Saratoga International Conference
As well as much-needed electricity, dams generate extremes of emotion. Traditionally, dams have facilitated hydraulic civilizations such as those in the Nile Valley, China and Mesopotamia, and, in the twentieth century, Las Vegas and Los Angeles. Yet with the proliferation of dams - there are now more than 40,000 large dams worldwide - opposition and support can be measured in equal proportion. Their outstanding design and construction, often in inhospitable conditions, is representative of the skills of their engineers, yet others do not see such beauty in the 'taming' of rivers. In 1998 the continuing controversy led to the forming of the World Commission on Dams to seek a meeting of minds. This book traces the development of dams from the Industrial Revolution to the present day through a number of themes - both successes and failures - including the extension of the design teams forming an alliance between engineering, architecture, landscape architecture and ecology. The author offers neither a polemic against dams nor a defence of their proliferation. He offers a fresh and much-needed account of their design, construction and function, which will appeal to dam engineers, environmentalists, historians and students, as well as those who previously recognized only The Dambuster's March.
Resettlement and irrigation schemes as keys to development? : the case of new halfa agricultural scheme, Sudan
Interaction of Baculovirus with the Surface of Mammalian Cells and Intracellular Changes during Transduction
Mycenaean fortifications, highways, dams and canals
Teknillinen patosanasto : technical dictionary on dams edition 1978 suomenkieliset vastineet
Analysis of lake and river flow regime alteration to assess impacts of hydraulic structures
Case studies on tailings management
Managing erosion, sediment transport and water quality in drained peatland catchments
Water wars : privatization, pollution and profit
Waterborne : a novel
"The damming of Bujagali Falls, located only 8 kilometers north of the historic source of the White Nile or the outlet of Lake Victoria, has been seen as one of the most controversial dams in modern times. In 2012, the dam was eventually inaugurated after years of anti-dam opposition and delays. A unique aspect of the controversies was the river spirit Budhagaali living in the falls blocking the dam and opposing the destruction of the waterfalls. This spirits embodies a particular healer - Jaja Bujagali, but he was bypassed by another healer who conducted no less than three grandiose appeasement and relocation ceremonies for the Budhagaali spirit clearing the way for the dam. Why has this particular dam been so controversial? How can a water spirit block a nearly billion dollar dam? What was the ritual drama behind the construction of the dam and is it possible to move a spirit? And what happened to Budhagaali and the indigenous religion after the falls were flooded and can a river spirit be drowned in its own element - water?" --Provided by publisher.
Fluxes of nitrous oxide on natural peatlands in Vuotos, an area projected for a hydroelectric reservoir in northern Finland
The environmental trap : the Ganges River diversion, Bangladeshi migration and conflicts in India
Places of power : the aesthetics of technology
the role of neural plasticity in chemical intolerance
The archæological survey of Nubia : report for 1908-1909.. Volume 2, Plates and plans accompanying volume 1
Hydrological changes in the Mekong River Basin : the effects of climate variability and hydropower development
Pathophysiology and surgical treatment of eustachian tube dysfunction
The neurobiology of suicide : from the bench to the clinic
The East River tidal barrage : a Symposium on a Multipurpose Addition to New York City's Infrastructure
Dam Safety Guide
The archæological survey of Nubia : report for 1907-1908.. Volume 1, Archæological report : volume of plates accompanying
Aeration at overflow weirs = Ilmastus ylisyöksypadoilla
Dam nation : how water shaped the west and will determine its future
Myocardial ischemia : mechanisms, reperfusion, protection
Chinese-Finnish cooperative research work on dam break hydrodynamics
Environmental assessment sourcebook. Vol. 1, Policies, procedures, and cross-sectorial issues
Aeration at overflow weirs
Salmon fishing in Tornedalen
Flow over weirs with application to fish passage facilities
Dams and development in China : the moral economy of water and power
Torrent control and streambed stabilization
Big dams, displaced people : rivers of sorrow rivers of change
Understanding pathophysiology
Dam busters : the race to smash the dams, 1943
Dammed divinities : the water powers at Bujagali Falls, Uganda
The archæological survey of Nubia : report for 1908-1909.. Volume 1, part 1 ; Report on the work of the season, 1908-1909, part 2 ; Catalogue of graves and their contents
Building the ultimate dam : John S. Eastwood and the control of water in the West
Concerted action on dam-break modelling : proceedings of the CADAM meeting, Wallingford, United Kingdom, 2 and 3 March 1998
Super structures : the science of bridges, buildings, dams and other feats of engineering
Damming the Narmada
The algebra of infinite justice
Dams and development : a new framework for decision-making : the report of the World Commission on Dams
Hormonal restructuring of the adult brain : basic and clinical perspectives
Environmental challenges in the joint border area of Norway, Finland and Russia
Modern myths of the Mekong : a critical review of water and development concepts, principles and policies
Essential pathophysiology for nursing and healthcare students
The archæological survey of Nubia : report for 1909-1910
Ecology and the politics of survival : conflicts over natural resources in India
The suitability of Finnish climate for fire blight (Erwinia amylovora) epidemics on apple
Environmental considerations in the planning of large dam projects : a study on Environmental Impact Statements and the Southeastern Anatolia Project
PET and MR imaging in Parkinson's disease patients with cognitive impairment : a study of dopaminergic dysfunction, amyloid deposition, cortical hypometabolism and brain atrophy
Dams in Japan : past, present and future
A coastal pond : studied by oceanographic methods
Piping and filters in earth dams of dispersive clays
"This publication fills a void of practical guidelines for the construction of small earth dams. It presents readers with sound, reliable and practical source material to improve dam siting and design capacity in rural areas, to introduce a beneficiary and gender sensitive approach and to enhance safety and competence in construction. A section also provides convenient guidance on costing, drafting tenders and awarding contracts. The manual is primarily aimed at technicians and others with knowledge of engineering and basic irrigation systems and processes to apply the concepts, techniques and methods proposed, using simple and straightforward design and construction procedures."--Publisher's description.
Peacock cries at the Three Gorges
