http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6199 objects of protection
objects of protection
Past imperfect : the story of rescue archaeology
Kulturgüterschutz betrifft uns alle! = La protection des biens culturels nous concerne tous! = The protection of cultural property concerns all of us!
Atlas of world heritage : China
Protection of historical monuments in peoples's Poland
Rethinking park protection : treading the uncommon ground of environmental beliefs
Futuro no. 001 : documentation and evaluation of preservation needs
Integrated heritage management : principles and practice
Hoitosuunnitelma : Suomenlinna - Unescon maailmanperintökohde = Management plan : Fortress of Suomenlinna - Unesco world heritage site c
Cultural heritage conventions and other instruments : a compendium with commentaries
Visitor management: case studies from World Heritage Sites
Treasures of Gyeongju : splendor of Korea's golden age
Võrumaa : Protected natural objects
Atlas of high conservation value areas, and analysis of gaps and representativeness of the protected area network in northwest Russia : Arkhangelsk, Vologda, Leningrad, and Murmansk Regions, Republic of Karelia, and City of St. Petersburg
Zoos and tourism : conservation, education, entertainment?
Visitor perceptions of the inscription on the world heritage list : the use of stated choice methods
Summary of discussions.
Locating invisible cultural heritage sites in agricultural fields : evaluation of methods for satellite monitoring of cultural heritage sites : results 2003
International campaign for monuments
Designing interpretive signs : principles in practice
This thesis gives a deeper understanding of destination marketing and  branding in a wider sense. More specifically, the main focus is put on the  brand communication through websites of regional destination marketing  organizations in Germany. The work demonstrates the complexity of the  destination branding process and that this is something very difficult to  influence and to lead. The significance of promoting and communicating a  destination brand shows that destination marketing is as much a strategic  as it is a tactical process. Especially, destination branding is closely linked  to strategic processes as it is also linked to the destination image.  Designing and acceptance of a brand requires a close involvement of all  destination stakeholders. Nowadays, this process is strongly influenced by  technology development such as Internet. Websites provide cheap and  effective marketing tool for destinations, as well as the chance to develop  and customize destination portals. The project-based thesis shows the  principles and potential of destination websites as marketing tool. Thus,  the project outcome of this thesis is a suggestion of a renewed website in  terms of content structure and design. The designing process of the  website included several internal meetings with a decision maker from the  contracting marketing organization during a period of four months. Results  of the project indicate that destination marketing organizations find the  development and maintenance of an attractive destination portal difficult  and costly since there is often a lack of budgets, know-how, time, and  personnel resources for such marketing activities.
The cultural triangle of Sri Lanka
Sustainable tourism : a global perspective
Men from the ministry : how Britain saved its heritage
Asian sacred natural sites : philosophy and practice in protected areas and conservation
Archaeological histories
The plundered past
European cultural heritage. Vol. 1, Intergovernmental co-operation : collected texts
Renewal of inner city areas : restoration of historical city centres, urban redevelopment, reconstruction of destroyed or damaged urban centres
The historic villages of Shirakawa-go and Gokayama : traditional houses in the Gassho style : Ogimachi, Shirakawa-mura, Ainokura, Taira-mura, Suganuma, Kamitaira-mura
Managing archaeological resources : global context, national programs, local actions
Structural investigation of historic buildings : a case study guide to preservation technology for buildings, bridges, towers, and mills
Cultural tourism : tourism at world heritage cultural sites : the site manager's handbook
The monuments of history : the most precious sites and monuments in Poland
The world's heritage : a complete guide to the most extraordinary places
Legendary sites of the ancient world : an illustrated guide to over 80 major archaeological discoveries, with expert commentary and more than 350 photographs and maps : a fascinating tour including Egypt's Valley of the Kings, the Maya pyramids of Tikal and England's Stonehenge
Guidance on the development of legislation and administration systems in the field of cultural heritage
World heritage : 911 cultural and natural heritage monuments selected by Unesco
Ihmisen suhde aikaan : miksi rakennussuojelua tarvitaan = The human race and time : why is historic preservation necessary?
World heritage sites in China
Abstract: Futuro no. 001 : Documentation and evaluation of preservation need. The purpose of this study was to document and evaluate the need for preservation of the plastic house called Futuro. For this purpose, a survey of condition was done, illustrated with damage mapping. The damage mapping helps to localize the damages and perceive the extent of the deterioration. Finally, a preliminary guideline for future possible conservation measures was drafted.  The documentation was carried out in writing and with photographs. Panoramic pictures of every room were digitally stitched together to enable the 360° rotational view. The condition survey was done in writing and drawing, observing the house visually. The evaluation of the preservation need was done considering Futuro's history, image, rareness and attractiveness.  The documentation of Futuro house no. 001 design, technology, materials and damages is now compiled in one study. Its damages have been noted down and and analysed. The house was estimated to be in surprisingly good condition. It has not been in constant use nor in regular maintenance. Preliminary recommendations for future possible conservation acts were given.  The Futuro house was considered to have architectural and cultural value and its preservation should be safeguarded for the future generations. There are only three other Futuros known to exist in Finland. The fact that Futuro no. 001 is the first Futuro ever made after manufacturing the prototype in the 1968 makes it even more valuable. It has also remained in its very authentic state.
Context for world heritage bridges
Heritage in action : making the past in the present
UNESCO, cultural heritage, and outstanding universal value : value-based analyses of the World Heritage and Intangible Cultural Heritage Conventions
TICCIH Intermediate Conference 2005 & International Forum for Industrial Tourism in Nagoya / Aichi: transactions : industrial tourism and community building : new development in industrial tourism
Street vendors in the historic centre of Lima : utilitarian space versus a museum city
Managing world heritage sites
Marine protected areas in Europe's seas ; an overview and perspectives for the future
1001 historic sites you must see before you die
Management planning for archaeological sites : an international workshop organized by the Getty Conservation Institute and Loyola Marymount University, 19-22 May, Corinth, Greece : [proceedings]
Materials of the International Conference "Innovative policies for heritage safeguarding and cultural tourism development" : 24 November 2005 - 27 November 2005, Moscow, Kremlin Museums, Russia
Sustainable development strategies in South-East Europe
Manual of heritage management
Micro-renewables in the historic environment
Heritage gardens : care, conservation and management
UNECO thematic expert meeting on Asia-Pacific sacred mountains 5-10 September 2001, Wakayama City, Japan : final report
Masterworks of man and nature : preserving our world heritage
The return of cultural treasures
The zones of silence in documentary heritage management : on diversity on the UNESCO Memory of World International Register
World heritage sites of Britain
Presenting archaeology to the public : digging for truths
Management guidelines for world cultural heritage sites
Funding the architectural heritage : a guide to policies and examples
Urban heritage - collective privilege : report on the 2nd Baltic Sea Region Cultural Heritage Forum Helsinki on 7-11 June 2005
The heritage game : economics, policy, and practice
World heritage of China
Hiking and biking Peru's Inca trails
Our Nordic heritage : world heritage sites in the Nordic Countries
China : world heritage sites
Futuro no. 001 : Documentation and evaluation of preservation need
Ostrov Gogland : rezul'taty obsledovaniâ prirodnyh kompleksov = Gogland Island : results of the survey of the natural complexes
UNESCO in Southeast Asia : World Heritage sites in comparative perspective
The landmarks of New York III
Art and archaeology technical abstracts
Archaeological heritage management in the modern world : [based on contributions to the Congress on 'Public Archaeology and Cultural Resource Management', held in Southampton, England, in September 1986]
Caring for your collections
Protecting cultural objects through international documentation standards : a preliminary survey / Robin Thornes
Landmarks : a selection of cultural & industrial heritage projects supported by FÁS. Part 1
Emergency measures for historic memorials : a short guide for cemetery managers
Denkmalpflege und Beschftigung : internationale Konferenz im Rahmen der deutschen EU-präsidentschaft am 15./16. April 1999 in Berlin = Heritage conservation and employment : International Conference in the framework of the German EU Presidency 16/16 April 1999 in Berlin = La conservation des monuments et l'emploi : conférence internationale dans le cadre de la présidence allemande de l'UE 15/16 avril 1999 à Berlin
Archaeological heritage management in the modern world
Global scale, local place? : the making of the historic centre of Lima into a world heritage site
Houses of the National Trust
World heritage monuments in Spain
Conservation areas in the Antarctic : a review
Discover Lyon and its world heritage
Gyeongju, the heart of Korean culture : a UNESCO World Heritage
Saving our architectural heritage : the conservation of historic stone structures
The political nature of cultural heritage and tourism
Materan contradictions : architecture, preservation and politics
Impediments of a historical and cultural tourist town to becoming a world heritage site : case of Bagamoyo town in coast region of Tanzania
Disasters : protecting the past from natural
World heritage cities between permanence and change : international construction of 'outstanding universal value' and local perceptions at Old Rauma from the 1970s to the 2000s
Preservation of the Industrial Heritage - Gdansk Outlook : International Seminar - European Workshop, May 11-14, 1993, Gdansk, Poland : proceedings
Potsdam und sein Weltkulturerbe : zur Geschichte des Unesco-Welterbedenkmals und seiner Bedeutung für die Landeshauptstadt = Potsdam and its world heritage site = Potsdam et son petrimoine culturel mondial
Tourism at world heritage cultural sites : the site managerś handbook
Our amazing world. Natural 1: discover natural sites from the Unesco World Heritage
The World Heritage List : filling the gaps - an action plan for the future : an ICOMOS study = La Liste du Patrimoine Mondial : combler les lacunes - un plan d'action pour le futur : une étude de l'ICOMOS
Lost civilizations : rediscovering the great cultures of the past
Heritage crime : progress, prospects and prevention
Lietuvos kulturos paveldo atgimimas = Revival of Lithuanian cultural heritage
Tanzania is endowed with cultural heritage sites with remains, which represent both human cultural and biological evolution from the Pliocene to modern era. Later pre-historic sites include the rock art shelters of Kondoa central Tanzania and historical monuments along the Tanzanian coast precisely Bagamoyo. The presence of these sites contributes greatly to the development of cultural tourism in the mentioned areas. But despite this immense contribution, vandalism, destruction and looting of cultural heritage resources are increasing at an alarming rate. In rescuing the situation, various efforts has been done by public and private institutions to develop regulations to protect, document and conserve pre-historical and historical sites. The efforts have resulted in the development of management plans for some sites while others have succeeded to be listed as World Heritage Sites. Recently, historic sites in Bagamoyo have been in critical situation following the increased destruction. As a result, various actions including nominating the site to the World Heritage Site list has been taken to rescue the situation. The current research was conducted to find out the preparatory actions undertaken to list Bagamoyo as a World Heritage Site as well as factors delaying the process. The research went further to find out the public awareness of cultural heritage resources and the whole process of nomination. The research applied both ethnographic enquiry techniques, namely questionnaires and interviews to retrieve the information from the public. A visit to several historical sites in Bagamoyo was also conducted to supplement data obtained from the ethnographic techniques. Findings revealed that a large number of residents are aware of the existence of cultural heritage sites in Bagamoyo with little knowledge on their values. This study also reveals that the ruins and historical buildings are by themselves inadequate to serve as a strong pulling base to list the town as an endangered site without incorporating the Slave and Ivory Route. It is therefore recommended to the Antiquities Division to persuade the UNESCO through various stakeholders to declare Bagamoyo a world heritage for UNESCO World Heritage List.
International progress in protecting underwater cultural heritage : [Summary]
Regional destination marketing and websites as marketing tool : study case: nature park Lahn-Dill Bergland, Germany
Heritage : study pack
Marketing heritage : archaeology and the consumption of the past
Display "there and then" : presence and coexistence
Cahal Pech, the ancient maya and modern Belize : the story of an archaeological park
Marine archaeology : a handbook
Alternatives to historical reconstruction in UNESCO World Heritage cities : international conference in Tallinn, Estonia, May 16-18, 2002 = Alternatiivid ajaloolisele rekonstruktsioonile UNESCO maailmapärandi linnades
Out of the blue : public interpretation of maritime cultural resources
Heritage at risk : ICOMOS world report 2001/2002 on monuments and sites in danger = Patrimoine en péril : ICOMOS rapport mondial 2001/2002 sur des monuments et des sites en  péril = Patrimonio en peligro: ICOMOS informe mundial 2001/2002 sobre monumentos y sitios en peligro
Intentions and reality in architectural heritage management : in search of the influence of international policy documents on contemporary sustainable local heritage management : case: Zanzibar Stone Town, Tanzania
The world heritage convention and cultural landscapes in Africa : expert meeting, Tiwi, Kenya 9-14 March 1999 = La Convention du patrimoine mondial et les paysages culturels en Afrique : réunion d'experts, Tiwi, Kenya 9-14 mars 1999
Midas : a manual and data standard for monument inventories
Disappearing rainforest
Conserving Hungary's heritage : the national parks and world heritage sites
Building a new heritage : tourism, culture and indentity in the New Europe
Preservation and rehabilitation of historic districts, towns and monuments : proceedings and final report of the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat) and International Academy of Architecture International Seminar on the Preservation and Rehabilitation of Historic Districts, Towns and Monuments in some Developed Countries and their Relevance to Developing Countries, 1-15 November 1989, IAA Santo Kiriko Creativity Centre, Assenovgrad, Bulgaria
"With a foreword from Mark Harrison FSA, National Policing and Crime Advisor, English Heritage and Honorary Research Fellow, University of Kent, UK. Heritage crime is an area of growing interest for scholars, but also for enforcement agencies and heritage managers, as well as the communities affected. Whether it is the looting of cultural objects, theft of lead from churches, or vandalism of historic monuments, this timely collection brings together debate and international examples to demonstrate the diversity but also commonality of heritage crime across the globe. With international contributions from archaeology, criminology, law, heritage management and policing, the volume presents case studies from countries as diverse as Peru, the UK, South Africa and Cyprus. At a time when government agencies and media around the world are increasingly taking note of the implications of criminal activity for cultural heritage, this collection is the first to address the heritage crime problem in such an in-depth and holistic manner. "-- Provided by publisher.
Protecting the past
The prehistoric temples of Stonehenge and Avebury ; text: R. J. C. Atkinson ; photographs: John Green ; [line drawings by H. Mason]
Tourism and heritage management
Regional destination marketing and websites as marketing tool : Study case: Nature Park Lahn-Dill Bergland, Germany
The principals of protected area management in Finland : guidelines on the aims, function and management of state-owned protected areas
Pioneers in historical archaeology : breaking new ground
