http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6190 easy-to-read books
easy-to-read books
The wickedest witch in the world
Dragonblood : dragon in the desert
Wasted
The queen's tale
Until proven guilty
Soul Desire
Big trouble
Skull and crossbones
Ellie & the sea monster
Nathan's world is turned upside down when his dad's falsely accused of a murder. He sets out to prove the police is wrong, but time is not on his side. Can he convince them that his dad's not guilty? Thriller. Particularly suitable for struggling, reluctant and dyslexic teen readers.
Old Dog, New Tricks
Gunshots at dawn
Dragonblood : the girl who breathed fire
For brothers Cole and Ruben it's another rainy morning in the badlands of East London, selling dodgy paperwork for even dodgier motors. But arriving in a grimy pub on their latest errand, the brothers stumble across a trio of gangsters, a hot young girl and a monkey in a cage - and their entire day is knocked off course. They soon find themselves fleeing in a hot-wired car, girl and chattering monkey in tow, surrounded by police. Their final destination: Oban, 500 miles north, where they hope to find sanctuary.
Young Dracula
Plain-language books for children and young people - making the enjoyment of reading accessible
Partners in crime
The traveller
Kallio tanssii : Koli 2006 = The rock dances
Wild song
Respect!
A lily, a rose
Honey and me
Dragonblood : dragon theft auto
Gambling and problem gambling : briefly and clearly
War games : two stories
Dark Hunter : The House of Memories
Anna is living a lonely life on a small island with only her ageing mathematician father and his helper Max as company. When Rob washes ashore after an accident, Anna's world is turned upside-down. Is Max really devoted to her father? Is Rob the love she's been waiting for? Could she really leave the island? Drawing inspiration from The Tempest, Jane Eagland has woven a rich and moving story of mystery, love and deception.
Don't go in the cellar
Shivers
War games
Killer in the dark
The Chain
Absolutely nothing
A jar of eyeballs
Guidelines for easy-to-read materials
Chronicles of Avonlea
Dying for the dark
