http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6194 environmental factors
environmental factors
Studies on selected human obesity candidate genes : genetic variation and adipose tissue expression
Factors behind Leisure-Time Physical Activity Behavior Based on Finnish Twin Studies: The Role of Genetic and Environmental Influences and the Role of Motives
Regulatory biology of denitrification in Agrobacterium tumefaciens and Paracoccus denitrificans; responses to environmental controllers = Regulering av denitrifikasjon i Agrobacterium tumefaciens og Paracoccus denitrificans; respons på miljøfaktorer
Field afforestation in Finland and its regional variations = Peltojen metsittämisen alueellinen vaihtelu Suomessa
Tourism: Good or Bad? : Impacts of tourism in Tanzania
Functional-structural plant modelling in crop production
"This new edition of a bestseller examines plant nutrition's role as one of the most important limiting factors that must be overcome to optimize food production. Extensively revised and updated, the new edition provides comprehensive coverage on topics such as genetic, physiological, and agronomic bases of crop growth. It covers soil-plant-climatic relationships that govern the growth and mineral nutrition of crops in temperate and tropical regions. The book contains two new chapters covering remediation of heavy metal contaminated soils and cover crops as well as several new figures, references, and tables"--
CRC handbook of plant science in agriculture. Vol. 1
The variable position of Arctic charr (Salvelinus alpinus (L.)) in subarctic lake food webs
Experimental studies on the nature of species. 6, Interspecific hybrid derivatives between facultatively apomictic species of bluegrass and their responses to contrasting environments
Willow growth as a function of climate, water and nitrogen
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of infant development. Volume 2, Applied and policy issues
Year-class strenght of pikeperch (Stizostedion lucioperca L.) in relation to environmental factors in a shallow Baltic Bay
Genetic studies on Finnish lupus erythematosus patients with cutaneous manifestations
The troubled empire : China in the Yuan and Ming dynasties
Global International Waters assessment. Regional assessment 3a, Caribbean Sea/Small Islands
Life at the edge : readings from Scientific American Magazine
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterical and fungal exposures
"Switch the lights off  : Employee argumentation on acceptance or rejection of corporate environmentalism in a financial corporation
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Health impact assessment : concepts, theory, techniques, and applications
Crop production in saline environments : global and integrative perspectives
Describing how and why species composition of ecological communities varies across spatial and temporal scales is a primary objective for ecological research. A key challenge is to distinguish changes in community composition resulting from external factors from the natural background variability. In this thesis I aimed to study: 1) the level of temporal variation in community composition of stream macroinvertebrates, 2) the role of different environmental factors to temporal variability, 3) the effect of temporal variability on bioassessment outcomes, and 4) comparability of different approaches to study community variability through time. A majority of the studied macroinvertebrate communities showed lower level of inter-annual variation, i.e. temporal turnover, than expected by chance. The observation of high community stability was further supported by the low level of inter-annual variation in taxonomic completeness (quotient of observed and expected number of species, O/E). Despite the low absolute variation in O/E, ecological status assessments varied annually. Thus the use of one year data may bias management decisions. Macroinvertebrate communities experienced similar dynamics across several spatial extents, from riffles within a stream to streams among regions, suggesting that large-scale extrinsic factors are the major driver of community dynamics. Especially climatically exceptional years may have a strong imprint on community variability. However, at the within-stream scale, coherence was lower than expected, indicating that community dynamics may be driven by different processes at different spatial extents. Stream macroinvertebrate community dynamics were strongly related to in-stream vegetation, temporal variability decreasing with increasing macrophyte cover. Importantly, the effect of in-stream vegetation on temporal turnover of macroinvertebrate communities was masked by the stochastic effect of habitat connectivity, suggesting that unless stochastic effects are controlled for, the role of deterministic processes may be obscured, thus affecting our ability to understand and predict community changes through time. In addition, different approaches to study temporal variability may disagree on estimates for the level of temporal turnover and factors explaining it – a fact that should be taken into account when planning and comparing studies.
Production frontier methods in environmental performance measurement and analysis
Plant vitamins : agronomic, physiological and nutritional aspects
Recent spatiotemporal changes and main determinants of aquatic macrophyte vegetation in large lakes in Finland
Tuberculosis, heredity and environment
Starting a tourism company in Gambia : case company Jäälin Palvelupiste KY
Diversity patterns in marine and freshwater environments : the role of environmental and spatial factors across multiple scales
Proceedings of the nternational Symposium on advances in Environmental Control, Automation and Cultivated Systems for Sustainable, High-Quality Crop Production under Protected Cultivation : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
Ecological significance of spatial and temporal variability : symposium held at Hyytiälä, Finland, on 21 to 25 September 1988
Changes in the invasion level, and impact of alien plants in Finnish semi-natural agricultural habitats
A field key for classifying British woodland vegetation. Part 2
Plant biomechanics : an engineering approach to plant form and function
Exploring evolutionary responses to increasing temperature in an environmental opportunistic pathogen
The effects of air pollution on forests in Finland 1900-2040
Environmental factors modulating cold tolerance, gene expression and metabolism in Drosophila montana
This volume examines dynamic interactions between the calculative and speculative practices of commerce and the fruitfulness, variability, materiality, liveliness and risks of nature. It does so in diverse environments caught up in new trading relationships forged on and through frontiers for agriculture, forestry, mining and fishing. Historical resource frontiers are understood in terms of commercial knowledge systems organized as projects to transform landscapes and environments. The book asks: how were environments traded, and with what environmental and landscape consequences? How have environments been engineered, standardized and transformed within past trading systems? What have been the successes and failures of economic knowledge in dealing with resource production in complex environments? It considers cases from northern Europe, North and South America, Central Africa and New Zealand in the period between 1750 and 1990, and the contributors reflect on the effects of transnational commodity chains, competing economic knowledge systems, environmental ignorance and learning, and resource exploitation. In each case they identify tensions, blind spots, and environmental learning that plagued commercial projects on frontiers.
Environmental stress and horticulture crops : a proceedings of the XXVI International Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Explores the history of China between the Mongol reunification of China in 1279 under the Yuan dynasty and the Manchu invasion four centuries later, explaining how climate changes profoundly affected the empire during this period.
Options for selecting dairy cattle for milk coagulation ability
Roots 2011 Workshop : abstracts, Joensuu, Finland 13-14 December 2011
Tree rings : basics and applications of dendrochronology
Physiology of stressed crops. Vol. 2, Nutrient relations
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Greenhouse Environmental Control and Crop Production in Semi-Arid Regions : Tucson, Arizona, USA, October 20-24, 2008
Marine ecology and fisheries
Plant responses to the environment
Studies on dinoflagellates in the northern Baltic Sea
Genetic and environmental effects on stuttering : a twin study
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 7, Performance evaluation for feedback of service life data from practice
Adaptation of chickpea and pigeonpea to abiotic stresses : proceedings of the Consultants' workshop held at ICRISAT Center, India, 19-21 December 1984.
Clubroot, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin, is a serious plant disease of cruciferous plants. A field survey of occurrence of clubroot in oilseed fields was conducted in Finland in 2007−2009 and in 1984−1989. At present, the disease is distributed throughout the oilseed cultivation area. Clubroot was found on average from 30% of fields, but its severity was low; fields with high numbers of infected plants and plants with severe symptoms were rare. According to the survey, cultivation frequency of cruciferous plants is the most important factor affecting clubroot occurrence and severity. Clubroot was found in soils with a wide range of pH-values (pH 5-7.6), but symptoms were most severe at low pH. According to the survey, and greenhouse and field trials, high temperature and moisture during the early growth period seem to favour disease development and can cause significant yield losses. In a survival trial, clubroot declined to close to zero after four years in the absence of host plants, but traces of the pathogen were still detectable after a 19-year trial period, making eradication of the pathogen very difficult.
Detecting forest growth responses to environmental changes - a review of Finnish studies
Turnaround migration and environmental conflict in northern lower Michigan : the implications of social change for regional resource management
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 5, Life-cycle costing
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 6, Procedures for considering environmental impacts
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 8, Reference service life and service-life estimation
An approach to the use of differential and integral calculus in plant autecology
Factors favouring or hindering the market entry of Finnish environmental firms in India
Land use changes in Europe : processes of change, environmental transformations and future patterns
Biodiversity through time : coherence, stability and species turnover in boreal stream communities
Starting a Tourism Company in Gambia : Case Company Jäälin Palvelupiste Ky
Degenerative findings on MRI of the lumbar spine : prevalence, environmental determinants and association with low back symptoms
Physiology of stressed crops. Vol. 3, The stress of allelochemicals
Viral infections and global change
Environmental geochemistry : a holistic approach
Spiral grain and wawe phenomena in wood formation
Abiotic stress adaptation in plants : physiological, molecular and genomic foundation
Activity environment, social class and voluntary learning : an interpretation and application of Vygotsky's concepts
Ecology of woodlands and forests : description, dynamics and diversity
Plant adaptation to temperature and photoperiod
Using dataset of 508 transects of 50 m², we assessed changes in the invasion level of alien plant species in semi-natural agricultural habitats in three study years (2001, 2005 and 2010) in four geographical regions of Finland. In addition, the impact of environmental factors on the occurrence of the most common neophytes (alien species introduced after the 17th century) and the impact of neophytes on native species diversity were studied. In total, 37 neophyte species were detected, but neophytes regarded as highly invasive were rare and occasional. We detected spatio-temporal variation in the invasion level, but it changed according to the measure used. For instance, alien species diversity was lower in south-western Finland than in other years in 2005, and the relative alien species richness was highest in southern and lowest in eastern Finland. Preferences for environmental conditions (disturbance, habitat type and geographical location) and the impact on plant diversity varied among the most common neophytes. The most common neophytes were positively rather than negatively associated with native and alien species diversity. The results suggest that alien species management and control methods should be species-specific and considered case-by-case. Neophytes do not yet cause severe problems, but regular monitoring is needed to detect changes in their invasion levels.
Role of CYBA gene polymorphisms in atherosclerosis
Regime consequences : methodological challenges and research strategies
Leaf beetle feeding patterns on and variable plant quality in Betulaceous and Salicaceous hosts
Soft paths : how to enjoy the wilderness without harming it
Socio-cultural benefits of PAN parks at Bieszscady National Park, Poland
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 10, When to assess functional performance
Biophysical plant physiology and ecology
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 1, General principles and framework
ASM handbook. 13 100, Corrosion: environments and industries
Business information technology management : alternative and adaptive futures
Plant breeding for water-limited environments
Fish stock assessments and predictions : integrating relevant knowledge
Environmental impact and fisheries
Environmental and biotic determinants of growth and height of arctic willow shrubs along a latitudinal gradient
Photosynthesis, growth and light-induced stress responses in the red alga Eucheuma denticulatum
Protecting the ozone layer through trade measures : reconciling the trade provisions of the Montreal protocol and the rules of the GATT
Geoecology of Antarctic ice-free coastal landscapes
Essentials of medical geology : impacts of the natural environment on public health
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Benchmarking e-learning in higher education : lessons learned from international projects
Picea abies seed ecology : effects of environmental factors on dormancy vigor and germination
Macro- and microevolution of languages : exploring linguistic divergence with approaches from evolutionary biology
Living in a chemical world : framing the future in light of the past
Physiological and morphological comparison of the provenances of Eucalyptus microtheca
Leisure-time physical activity in a Finnish twin study : genetic and environmental influences as determinants and motives as correlates
Sustainable procurement : the role of environmental information in supplier selection processes
Symposium on the environmental syndrome - psychosomatic disease experience induced by environmental factors
Setting profitable prices : a step-by-step guide to pricing strategy--without hiring a consultant
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 2, Service life prediction procedures
Plant microtubules : development and flexibility
Control of parr-smolt transformation and seawater tolerance in farmed Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) : effects of photoperiod, temperature, gradual seawater acclimation, NaCl and betaine in the diet
Proceedings of the Xth International Symposium on Integrating Canopy, Rootstock and Environmental Physiology in Orchard Systems : Stellenbosch, South Africa, December 3-6, 2012
Eco structures : forms of sustainable architecture
Efficient reduction of indoor exposures : health benefits from optimizing ventilation, filtration and indoor source controls
Environmental impacts of mining activities : emphasis on mitigation and remedial measures
Proceedings of the First International Conference on Rootstocks for Decidous Fruit Tree Species : Zaragoza, Spain, June 11-14 2002.. Vol. 2
Tree rings as indicators of ecosystem health
Linking environmental agents to autoimmune diseases : monograph based on papers developed from the Workshop on Linking Environmental Agents to Autoimmune Diseases held 1-3 September 1998 in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina
Technical report on a study of the agroclimatology of the humid tropics of Southeast Asia
Ecological and environmental physiology of insects
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
Environmental plant physiology
Vegetation-environment relationships of boreal spruce swamp forests in Østmarka Nature Reserve, SE Norway
Environmental impact and cost model for shortwood harvesting : case study: Transfer of Nordic forest harvesting technology for Romanian poplar plantations
The nurture effect : how the science of human behavior can improve our lives & our world
Sustainable architecture white papers
Range ecology
The origin of overweight
Charasteristics of urban regions and all-cause mortality in working-age population : effects of social environment and interactions with individual unemployment
The arboretum as a living gene bank for breeding
Spatial small area analyses of disease risk around sources of environmental pollution: modelling tools for a system using high resolution register data
Handbook on integrated assessment of trade-related measures : the agriculture sector
Photosynthetic production of Scots pine in the natural environment
The criminology of place  : street segments and our understanding of the crime problem
History, the human, and the world between
Genetic and environmental effects on vocal symptoms and their intercorrelations
Children and the environment
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Physiology of stressed crops. Vol. 4, Osmoregulation and protection
Relationships between climate and winter cereal grain quality in Finland and their potential for forecasting
Use of remote sensing and GIS techniques to investigate channel morphology along with drainage basin characteristics as an indicator for environmental patterns : case study in the Amazon
Characterisation of two unique unifloral honeys from the boreal coniferous zone : lingonberry and mire honeys
Intraspecific variation in brain size and architecture : population divergence and phenotypic plasticity
Impact of the biotic and abiotic environment on animal experiments
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 9, Guidance on assessment of service-life data
Psychological studies on twins (1) GSR reaction: environmental versus hereditary determination : preliminary report
Examining the “Dark Side” – The Importance of the Back of House
Volatile organic compounds emitted from silver birch and European aspen in response to environmental stresses
How does environmental variation translate into biological processes?
Factors contributing to the abundance of the ergasilid copepod, Paraergasilus rylovi, in its freshwater molluscan host, Anodonta piscinalis
A stoichiometric perspective on host-parasite interactions
Gambia is a diverse and exciting new market. The establishment of a company on a new market requires plenty of planning and background information. The commissioning company plans to start a hotel business in Gambia and the primary purpose of this thesis is to serve as a guide in that process. The research has been carried out as a case study. The empirical part is based on well-known and reliable primary and secondary printed sources. Electronic sources have been used to supplement the information. To deepen the understanding of the theory and to aid in the practice has practical information been gathered from various sources by questionnaires and theme interviews. The structure of the thesis is built as a zipper model, where theory and practice are combined in a discussion. The first part of the thesis focuses on the starting point analyses and offers more insight of Gambia as a market and operating environment. The purpose is to evaluate what the Gambian environment is like and to deepen the understanding of Gambia as a potential location for a travelling company. The secondary purpose is to offer tools for other Finnish companies that want to enter the Gambian market. The thesis has been narrowed down to focus on the tourism industry, but the theoretic part and practical advice can be used in any field of business. The end of the thesis focuses on the risks involving the business operations in Gambia and on the critical success factors in the hotel business. The schedule has been changed during the process due to difficulties reaching all interviewees. All parties interviewed have been professionals within the tourism and business branches. The interviews have been carried out as questionnaires vie E-mail or theme interviews by telephone or Skype. The interviewees have been two representatives of the commissioning company, a representative of a tour operator, the Finnish-Gambian ambassador and a Gambian director. The theoretic and practical data has been analyzed from different views. According to the gathered data is Gambia a potential location for a hotel business. All though the country is poor and is a dictatorship, is it believable that the government wants to develop the country further partly by democratic means. As the tourism industry is very important, the government tries to enhance its development with different inducements. Start-up companies are offered tax exemptions for a certain period and building land is given by the government. The ownership of foreigners are protected with legislation, which promises that the property will not be expropriated by the government. The bureaucracy is complicated and the corruption sets challenges especially for foreigners. The governmental tourism development agency provides advice and help in the process. At the same time the official wants to guarantee that the foreign investors are treated equally to the Gambians.
Synopsis on Dioxins and PCBs : compiled especially for administrators
Inheritance
Employee-driven innovation : the manager's guide to EDI
Genetic and environmental factors associated with the virulence of fish pathogen Flavobacterium columnare
Phenotypic plasticity : functional and conceptual approaches
An approach to analyse the dynamics of environmental change and its effects on forest growth
Occurrence of Plasmodiophora brassicae in Finnish turnip rape and oilseed rape fields
A geospatial approach to assessing the synergies of agriculture-based poverty alleviation programmes : ADRA's programme in the Ga West district of Ghana
A simplified carbon partitioning model for Scots pine to address the effects of altered needle longevity and nutrient uptake on stand development
Marine fisheries ecology
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
Life course approach to the development of hostility and anger : family origins in childhood and unemployment in adulthood
Impact of biotic and abiotic factors on bacterial virulence
Relationships between macrofungi, plants and environmental factors in boreal coniferous forests in the Solhomfjell area, Gjerstad, S. Norway
Mapping biophysical factors that influence agricultural production and rural vulnerability
Nectaries and nectar
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Predation by golden eagle Aquila chrysaetos on semi-domesticated reindeer Rangifer tarandus calves in northeastern Finnish Lapland
Environmental factors controlling the position of the actual timberline and treeline on the fells of Finnish Lapland
Managed ecosystems and CO2 : case studies, processes, and perspectives
Spatial synchrony in the inter-annual population variation of vendace (Corygonus albula (L.)) in Finnish lakes
Environment and atopy and asthma in childhood : the effect of dietary fats, common infections and asthma treatment practises on morbidity rates
Tourism and trails : cultural, ecological and management issues
Principles of plant science : environmental factors and technology in growing plants
Influence of different combinations of racing years on early career performance in trotters
Sexual maturation in Atlantic salmon, Salmo salar L. : aspects of environmental and hormonal control
Studies of unifloral honeys are rare in Finland, and thus there are no common traits accepted for their characterization. In our study lingonberry and mire were characterized. The physico-chemical, organoleptic and melissopalynological properties and phenolic composition of the honeys were analysed and the floral origin of the mire honey was considered. Lingonberry honey is reddish and has a flavour of toffee, whereas mire honey has very strong aroma and reddish colour. Both honeys have high electrical conductivity and pH when compared to Finnish polyfloral honeys. They are both rich in fructose, while the number of disaccharides in lingonberry honey is four and in mire honey six. Lingonberry honey has three unifloral specific phenolic compounds. Mire honey has no unifloral-specific phenolic compounds, and its floral origin is not clearly defined.
The physiology of plants under stress : soil and biotic factors
Climate vulnerability : understanding and addressing threats to essential resources. Vol. 1, Vulnerability of human health to climate
Environmental regulation of energy metabolism and its gene expression in fish
Climate and agriculture : an ecological survey
Environmental ergonomics : the ergonomics of human comfort, health, and performance in the thermal environment
Plant community dynamics in tundra : propagule availability, biotic andenvironmental control
Agroecology : the ecology of sustainable food systems
Environmental factors affecting the occurrence of periglacial landforms in Finnish Lapland : a numerical approach
Dressed to fill : producing and filling PET bottles
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 3, Performance audits and reviews
Handbook of archaeological sciences
Environmental physiology of plants
Interactions and patterns between species diversity and genetic diversity
Current ornithology. Vol. 11
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education : the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
Environmental inorganic chemistry
High resilience in the Yamal-Nenets social-ecological system, West Siberian Arctic, Russia
Organization theory for long-range planning
A bite-sized guide for Finnish SME companies operating in China
Proceedings of the XXVIII International Horticultural Congress on Science and Horticulture for People. Proceedings of the International Symposium on Environmental, Edaphic, and Genetic Factors Affecting Plants, Seeds and Turfgrass : Lisbon, Portugal, August 22-27, 2010
The influence of environmental factors on the diameter growth of forest trees : auxanometric study
Views of the Inuvialuit on sustainable development in the Mackenzie Gas Project in the Inuvialuit Settlement Region, Northwest Territories, Canada
Alternative urban futures : planning for sustainable development in cities throughout the world
The influence of environmental issues on buying behaviour
Environment and crime among residents in urban areas : a study of districts in Stockholm
Genes, mind, and culture : the coevolutionary process
Genius and the mind : studies of creativity and temperament
Proceedings of the VIIIth International Symposium on Canopy, Rootstocks and Environmental Physiology in Orchard Systems
Genotype x environment interaction : challenges and opportunities for plant breeding and cultivar recommendations
(R)Evolution : organizations and the dynamics of the environment
Trading environments : frontiers, commercial knowledge, and environmental transformation, 1750-1990
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education: the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
Growth and mineral nutrition of field crops
Sulfur in plants : an ecological perspective
Determinants of breeding performance of the Eurasian treecreeper
Environmental factors influencing effects of chemicals on soil animals : studies at population and community levels
