http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6203 preventive drug and intoxicant work
preventive drug and intoxicant work
What is youth substance abuse prevention? : support material for first-rate substance education
From state-governed norms to decentralised steering by information : alcohol and drug work strategies in Finnish municipalities
Preventing adolescnts' alcohol and drug use by activating parents : evaluation of the "Klaari Helsinki " project
The journal of addiction and mental health : the publication of the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health
Annual report on the state of the drugs problem in the European Union
And yet it works! : sober notes on public substance education
Evaluating drug prevention in the European Union : papers arising from the First European Conference on the Evaluation of Drug Prevention held in Lisbon, Portugal, 12-14 March 1997
Local authorities views on changes in alcohol- and drug prevention in three Finnish cities
The wellbeing of the youth : a literature review of the drug abuse prevention methods and strategies between Finland and Kenya
Fighting against risks in drug use
Urban districts and drug scenes : a comparative study on nuisance caused by 'open' drug scenes in major European cities
Guidelines for the evaluation of drug prevention : a manual for programme-planners and evaluators
The Dutch response to HIV pragmatism and consensus
Abstract: Drugs as Zeitgeist : recreational drug use in Finland.
Evaluation: a key tool for improving drug prevention : papers from the second European conference on the evaluation of drug prevention, 'Evaluation: a key tool for improving drug prevention', held in Strasbourg, France, from 2 to 4 December 1999
Drug use, related risk behaviour and harm reduction interventions utilization among injecting drug users in Estonia : implications for drug policy
General report of activities ..
Plan for mental health and substance abuse work : proposals of the Mieli 2009 working group to develop mental health and substance abuse work until 2015.
"This classic text provides a comprehensive, accessible overview of substance misuse and dependence with an emphasis on practical and evidence-based approaches to the assessment, management and prevention of a wide range of drug-related problems, in a variety of clinical and social settings. The book includes definitions of terms, and describes the effects and clinical characteristics of all substances of misuse. The theoretical background to these topics is clearly explained. For the fourth edition, every chapter has been revised to include the most up-to-date information, with the latest international data on the extent of the world drug problem. There is detailed emphasis on harm minimization, AIDS and hepatitis C and entirely new coverage of tobacco addiction and its management. This is an essential guide for all healthcare workers, health policy specialists, counselors and those seeking to train in areas related to addiction and substance misuse. - Describes a comprehensive range of approaches to managing drug-related problems including detoxification, psychotherapeutic, psychological and medical interventions - Contains the most up-to-date epidemiological data on the global drug problem and international drug control policies - Provides practical guidance and tools for the assessment of drug-related problems including a comprehensive substance abuse questionnaire"--Provided by publisher.
Report on the drug situation in the candidate CEECs : 2002
Hubu - virtual drug information bus : telematic preventative drug education service
Transalating back ; evaluation as sociological intervention
Rethinking substance abuse : what the science shows, and what we should do about it
Mission impossible? : universal alcohol prevention at workplaces in Sweden
Abstract: Alcohol education for parents : an evaluation of the Wise Parenthood Programme 2009.
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe. Vol. 2
Finland drug situation 2013 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2013 national report to the EMCDDA by the Reitox National Focal Point, THL
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe. Vol. 1
Alcohol issues in Finland after accession to the EU : consumption, harm and policy framework 1990-2005
Cocaine and crack cocaine : a growing public health issue
The wellbeing of the youth-A literature review of the drug abuse prevention methods and strategies between Finland and Kenya
Drugs in the Nordic and Baltic countries : common concerns, different realities
Ghodse's drugs and addictive behaviour : a guide to treatment
The Social psychology of drug abuse
National report on the drugs situation in Finland 2000
Adolescent substance abuse : an empirical-based group preventive health paradigm
Youth substance use prevention : let's do this together!
Summary (s. 13-15).
Summary.
The role of the police in theree Finnish towns : the case of public drinking
Targeted drug prevention : how to reach young people in the community : conference Helsinki, 5-7 November 2002 : report
English summary.
Views on substance abuse prevention in Finland
Drug use and related problems among very young people (under 15 years old)
Finland drug situation 2014
Development of country-wide strategies for implementing early identification and brief alcohol intervention (EIBI) in primary health care
Abstract: Family at risk in the context of maternity and child welfare clinic : mental health promotion as a point of view.
Evaluation of the European drug prevention week 1994 : technical report
Report on the drug situation in the candidate CEEs ; European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction
Directory of non-governmental organizations working in drug demand reduction
Connecting alcohol research and prevention practice : lessons learned from PAKKA
Extremal methods and systems analysis : an international symposium on the occasion..., Austin, Texas, Sept.13-15, 1977
Telematic drug & alcohol prevention : guidelines and experiences from Prevnet Euro
AIDS : activism and alliances
Prevention of substance abuse
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Abstract:
From project chaos to flexible networking - a utopia? : the establishment of a national network of municipal substance abuse prevention professionals
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe
Introduction to addictive behaviors
