http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6207 young families
young families
In praise of hatred
The palace of strange girls
The transgender child
Wick is used to relying on herselfand only herself. But shes going to have to learn to trust someone if shes going to finally escape her demons
Contextualising the Salutogenic Perspective on Adolescent Health and the Sense of Coherence in Families  : A study among adolescents and their families in the Swedish speaking Finland
Integrated children's services
The book of unknown Americans : a novel
Adolescent ADHD and family environment—an epidemiological and clinical study of ADHD in the Northern Finland 1986 Birth Cohort
Setting limits with your strong-willed teen : eliminating conflict by establishing clear, firm, and respectful boundaries
The virgin suicides
Facing life : youth and the family in American history
The Remedy
Someday this pain will be useful to you
The gravedigger's daughter : a novel
"After discovering that everything she's ever known including her own identity has been a lie, Quinlan McKee is determined to find out the truth about her past. But in her search for answers, she discovers a cover-up more chilling than she can imagine. An epidemic is coming, and there's no way to stop it"--Provided by publisher.
The island
The missing boy
Effects of family type, SES and adolescent adjustment on educational trajectories among Finnish secondary school students
Children, families and social exclusion : new approaches to prevention
A bride's story. 4
The inheritance of loss
Meeting the needs of children with disabilities : families and professionals facing the challenge together
Managing to make it : urban families and adolescent success
The baby and the couple : understanding and treating young families
The Program
Pretty Girl-13
Growing up mindful : essential practices to help children, teens, and families find balance, calm, and resilience
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
Let's get this straight : the ultimate handbook for youth with LGBTQ parents
Youth and marginalisation : young people from immigrant families in Scandinavia
Functional family therapy in clinical practice : an evidence-baced treatment model for working with troubled adolescents
The doldrums
A man in love. My struggle book 2
Okay for now
Collaboration, consultation, and teamwork for students with special needs
A sea of stars
The house at the edge of the world
"This book examines the public controversies surrounding lifestyle risks in the consumer society. Comparing news coverage of the globesity pandemic in Britain and the USA, it illustrates the way moral panic brought childrens food marketing to the centre of the policy debates about consumer lifestyles"--
Early and late motherhood : economic, family background and social conditions
In this paper we examine reproductive intentions among childless Finnish men and women aged 18 to 34 years. In Finland, as in other European countries, young adults are postponing parenthood to an ever-later age. Our intention is to investigate expressions of reproductive intentions, and particularly, to focus on the division of intentions between more positive and more hesitant expressions. We examine how education, factors related to economic security and values relate to childbearing hesitation among young adults. We also use information on the reasons that the young themselves have provided to examine differences in fertility intentions. Our study uses a sample of 724 men and women drawn from the PPA2 survey, which focused on Finns attitudes in 2002 toward family and children, family policy measures, values in life, and fertility intentions. We ? nd that education is related to postponement, and that unemployment increases hesitation. Partnership and the state of the relationship are clearly important preconditions for positive childbearing intentions among both men and women. Postponers are more likely to stress reasons that are related to present life situation and are more open to change, while persons who hesitate regarding future childbearing stress longer-standing reasons behind their intentions. .
The young family project : 1979-1984
Senior Will Caynes must face unsettling feelings for his best friend Angus after they share a drunken kiss, while also embarking on his first real relationship with sophomore Brandy--all as the burden of home-life troubles weigh heavily / Library off Congress.
Look homeward, angel : the story of the buried life
Conviction
The program
Lost innocence
Inter-professional approach to young fathers
Young people leaving home
Family-centredness in services and rehabilitation planning for children and youth with cerebral palsy in Finland
Cut both ways
Only daughter
When suicide becomes a worldwide epidemic, the only known cure is The Program, a treatment in which painful memories are erased, a fate worse than death to seventeen-year-old Sloane who knows that The Program will steal memories of her dead brother and boyfriend.
Eleanor & Park
Globesity, food marketing and family lifestyles
Treasures from the attic : the extraordinary story of Anne Frank's family
Selected readings in family nursing from the finnish perspective
Family troubles? : exploring changes and challenges in the family lives of children and young people
The promise
While many adults now understand how mindfulness practice helps us alleviate the stress and anxiety of our busy modern lives, getting a typical teenager on board is another story. Dr. Christopher Willard draws on his work with hundreds of young children, tweens, and teens - along with countless hours training parents, teachers, and other counselors - to make the principles and practices of mindfulness accessible, entertaining, and cool for people of all ages and interests. Features dozens of exercises to incorporate mindfulness into daily life (in class, extracurricular activities, among peers), specific meditations and movement practices, compassion training, and more.
To all the boys I've loved before
Heir to the glimmering world
Cold burn of magic : a Black Blade novel
The remedy
Yes, No, Maybe: Fertility Intentions and Reasons Behind Them Among Childless Finnish Men and Women
Child abuse : an interactional event
Building the future : social work with children, young people and their families
Summary: On and off the beaten tracks - searching for adulthood.
The wall
A bride's story. 5
Young families under stress : outcomes and costs of Home-Start support
The book of unknown Americans
Saint anything
Goldbergs. Season 1, The complete first season
That summer
The pact
Season of the witch
Socioeconomic status, family structure and socialization of early adolescent children
The transgender teen : a handbook for parents and professionals supporting transgender and non-binary teens
The process of parenting
Winter's bone : a novel
Supporting dying children and their families : a handbook for Christian ministry
The woods
A bride's story. 2
In 1984, a longitudinal study was launched at the University of Notre Dame to evaluate the social and psychological consequences of teenage parenting. Interwoven Lives (Erlbaum) described, in detail, the development of these adolescent mothers and their children across the first eight years of life. Major delays were first noticed in children;s patterns of attachment at age 1 and their IQ and personal adjustment scores at age 3. By age 8, school-related problems were found in 70% of the children. With these data as the backdrop, this companion volume, Risk and Resilience, identifies major risk factors associated with long-term developmental delays as well as the processes that led to resilience in some of the mothers and children. This new volume traces the children's development at ages 8, 10, and 14. The editors focus on identifying risk and protective factors associated with important life course trajectories as the mothers entered early adulthood and their children became adolescents. Relatively unexplored protective factors; such as religiosity, patterns of father involvement, and romantic relationships; were found to positively influence development for both teenage mothers and their children. This new text also addresses: new methodological approaches with an emphasis on the use of hierarchical linear and structural equation modeling and dynamical systems analyses; implications for strengthening prevention and intervention programs; intellectual, educational, and socioemotional outcome data on the participants; the dark side of rearing children in poverty; the multiple risks related to adolescent parenting and their profound impact on children's development and how resilience emerges in children's lives and the specific factors that promote it. Risk and Resilience appeals to researchers in developmental psychology and family processes as well as agency and government professionals charged with public policy and service delivery.
Health disparities in youth and families : research and applications
Haunted : the riveting sequel to Dreaming Anastasia
Franny and Zooey
Two of us
Abstract: Russian roulette : the obstacles and needs of young people in family planning in St. Petersburg and Riga.
The epidemic
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Children, young people and families : examining social work practice in Europe
The lost and the found
Seventeen-year-old Greg has managed to become part of every social group at his Pittsburgh high school without having any friends, but his life changes when his mother forces him to befriend Rachel, a girl he once knew in Hebrew school who has leukemia.
The study investigates parental child rearing methods, structural factors relating to the family during adolescence geographic segregation, individual resource deficits and social background of first time late live births among 32 to 37 years old women and compare to teenagers before becoming teenage mothers. The purpose is to study if results will be consistent with the hypotheses that poverty, social deprivation during adolescence and low education are causes of teen childbearing but also childlessness among elder women in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Could childlessness as well as teenage motherhood bee seen as a consequence of social deprivation and lack of educational possibilities? A discrete-time proportional hazard Cox model is applied to analyze the longitudinal observations of population-based registers covering 1980-2003 for girls born in 1966. Results show a significant economic and social gradient for first-time teenage mothers. Teenagers who had experienced family separation or who were formerly in out-of-home care in particular had an increased risk of early childbearing. Results showed that teenage mothers were in every respect in a more disadvantaged position than pregnant teenagers who had an induced abortion. Quite the opposite pattern is disclosed for late motherhood. Late first time childbirth is more commonly seen among women with a better family background and educated position than childless women in the same age group. The late first-time pregnant women who chose abortion are in a more disadvantaged position than the women who become a mother for the first time in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Conclusion: Disadvantage during adolescence is a precursor for teenage child bearing while parental unemployment and poverty are precursors of lifetime childlessness. While social disadvantage is a precursor for first time late abortion among 32 to 37 years old women, the teenage mothers are in a more disadvantage position than teenagers who choose induced abortions. Social disadvantages inflict at the same time early motherhood and childlessness because social disadvantages influence young women differently than elder women. .
Russian roulette : the obstacles and needs of young people in family planning in St. Petersburg and Riga.
Summary.
Change : the coming of light
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Inferno
Family activity patterns as related to the parents' work and children's socialization to work
Oranges are not the only fruit
An introduction to child and adolescent mental health
Where do upper secondary school students come from? : case: Oulu region
Case studies in child, adolescent, and family treatment
Dare you to
Children's and adolescents' achievement strategies, school adjustment and family environment
Sisters unlimited : the guide to life, love, bodies and being you
What I thought was true
A bride's story. 3
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Second chance summer
Community/public health nursing : promoting the health of populations
Understanding and promoting mental health : A study of familial views
Me and Earl and the dying girl : a novel
My life next door
Families like mine : children of gay parents tell it like it is
Abstract (s. 7-8)
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Health behaviour of a young family's father : a study of health behaviour of a young family's father, his transition to fatherhood and his role as a health educator conducted at maternity health care clinics and well-baby clinics : the Finnish family competence study
Sustainable welfare in a regional context
Dearest memories : supporting early parenthood with new media
The wonder spot
Risk and resilience : adolescent mothers and their children grow up
Maya's notebook : a novel
The fallback plan
When children become parents : welfare state responses to teenage pregnancy
Becoming Nicole : the extraordinary transformation of an ordinary family
Reality Boy : a novel
It's about love
The illusion of the prolongation of youth
The princess diaries
What I loved
Lifespan perspectives on the family and disability
Where all light tends to go
Children and violence : nature, consequences and interventions
The building opposite. Volume 1
