http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6214 short-term money
short-term money
Further essays in monetary economics
Bad samaritans : the guilty secrets of rich nations and the threat to global prosperity
Electronic money trends : user's perspective
Changes in Finnish financial markets and monetary policy
Forecasting financial markets : the psychology of successful investing
The emerging mortgage market in Russia : an overview with local and foreign perspectives
The 36 strategies of the Chinese for financial traders
Monetary theory and policy
Essays on financial markets
Money and the space economy
The Russian financial markets are small for an economy the size of Russia, and in many respects underdeveloped. This restricts the Central Bank of Russia's scope for conducting monetary policy. In this paper we provide an overview of the Russian financial markets and the CBR's variegated collection of monetary policy tools and their effectiveness. The Russian monetary and exchange rate policy framework is currently in the process of change. During most of the 2000s, the CBR tightly steered the ruble's external value, which left little room for active monetary policy. After the 2008-2009 crisis, the bank began to loosen the reins of exchange rate management with the aim of moving gradually to a regime of inflation targeting. Since the monetary policy tools are still not highly effective, the big challenge for monetary authorities is improve the tools. Keywords: Russia, monetary policy, exchange rate policy .
The interaction between monetary policy and stock market : an empirical investigation of China
Financial markets in Finland : a series of articles which appeared in the Bank of Finland monthly bulletin in 1970-1972
Studies in the macroeconomic implications of firm entry and exit
Aggregate money demand functions : empirical applications in cointegrated systems
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
The economics of money, banking, and financial markets
The interdependence of the exchange rate policies of two small competing countries
Integration cycles in the Eurozone stock markets
Finite duration monetary economy
Operating since 1993, Estonia's budding money market today boasts a fairly sophisticated interbank money market.Its non-interbank money market also continues to develop rapidly; in coming years short-term money flows between enterprises will increase as Estonia's enterprise sector grows.Estonia's money market is tiny in comparison to major money markets, and standard instruments such as T-bills are not used at all.Even so, Estonia's money market is, by far, the most developed in the Baltic region.Given the present high growth in Estonian banking and industry, turnover in the Estonian money market can well be expected to grow and further integrate itself with global money markets.  Keywords:Money market, Estonia .
Abstract.
The industries of the future
Money, the financial system, and the economy
The Finnish banking system
A tool of power : The political history of money
Money and democracy
Stability of the demand for M1 and harmonized M3 in Finland
UK financial institutions and markets
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
The alchemy of finance : reading the mind of the market
Asset management standards : corporate governance for asset management
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
On the impact of infrequent trading on the APT systematic risk components
Money, banking and finance : a European text
Mastering foreing exchange & currency options
How are the key Finnish market interest rates determined?
The intelligent investor : a book of practical counsel
Financial deregulation and intergration in East Asia
Fixed rate tenders and the overnight money market equilibrium
City state : a contemporary history of the city of London and how money triumphed
Finance theory and asset pricing
The mystery of banking
The rise of financial capitalism : international capital markets in the Age of Reason
Aftershock : protect yourself and profit in the next global financial meltdown
Liquidity shocks in the eurosystem interbank market
Studies on money and labour market dynamics and goods market imperfections
European financial integration and monetary co-operation
Stochastic dynamic optimization models in the banking sector
Investor sentiment and stock market behavior : empirical tests on the Finnish stock market
Predicting the Fed's target rate decisions
Finnish financial markets
The microstructure of foreign exchange markets
The effect of quantitative easing announcements on stock returns
Money, banking, and financial markets
The sociology of money : economics, reason and contemporary society
Code of liberalisation of capital movements
The legal aspect of money : with special reference to comparative private and public international law
Money and Banking Statistics : annual review
Dynamics of the demand for money and uncertainty : the U.S. demand for money revisited
Horizontalists and verticalists : the macroeconomics of credit money
International money and finance
Studies on decision making under risk in the context of gambling markets
Deregulation of financial markets : a general equilibrium analysis of Finland
Firm characteristics and stock markets’ asymmetric reactions to monetary policy surprises
Why are euro area loans to non-financial corporations growing so slowly?
Introduction to the OECD codes of liberalisation of capital movements and current invisible operations
The macroeconomics of the term structure of interest rates
The term structure and interest rates in the Finnish money markets : the first three years
Essays on credit contagion and shocks in banking
The expectations hypothesis under time-varying risk premia : evidence from German money market
The regulation of financial markets in the 1990s
Money and markets : essays
The adjustment mechanism of the financial system with special reference to the United States
The economics of money, banking, and financial markets : study guide
Guide to financial markets
International capital flows in Finland 1975-1990 : the role of expectations
In spite of an accommodative monetary policy and a general economic recovery, growth of loans to non-financial corporations has remained weak in the euro area. The consistently poor growth is largely due to extensive real estate market bubbles in a few countries, which then burst as a result of the financial crisis. The amount of non-performing loans on the balance sheets of banks significantly weakens banks' ability to offer new loans..
Structural reforms and stabilization policies in the euro area
The January effect in Finnish equity market : the significance and persistence of the possible anomaly
Nonlinear dynamics and economics : proceedings of the Tenth International Symposium in Economic Theory and Econometrics
Financial Markets and Institutions
Monetary policy and market expectations : evidence from the FTSE 100 index option
Monetary policy regimes and the dynamics of the demand for money
Monetary bulletin
Visual Guide to Financial Markets
The greatest investment advisor of the twentieth century, Benjamin Graham taught and inspired people worldwide. Graham's philosophy of "value investing" -- which shields investors from substantial error and teaches them to develop long-term strategies -- has made The Intelligent Investor the stock market bible ever since its original publication in 1949. The classic text has been annotated to update Graham's timeless wisdom for today's market conditions.
International monetary systems in historical perspective
International financial operations : arbitrage, hedging, speculation, financing and investment
Equity market monthly
From individualism to the individual : ideology and inquiry in financial economics
Russian financial markets and monetary policy instruments
Exchange rate policy rules : a note
The demand for money market mutual funds
Potential Use of Web 2.0 Tools in Technical Analysis of Securities
Financial stability review
