http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6213 wheel throwing
wheel throwing
Pottery
Pottery form
Handmade potter's tools
Ceramics : tools and techniques for the contemporary maker
The potter's bible : an essential illustrated reference for the beginner
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 4
The complete potter's handbook
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 6
Wheel-thrown ceramics : altering, trimming, adding, finishing
Ceramics : step by step art school
Creative pottery
Deborah Baynes pottery course : throwing
The complete potter's companion
The technique of pottery
Pottery on the wheel
The Potter's techniques manual
The Potter's studio handbook : a start-to-finish guide to hand-built and wheel-thrown ceramics
Sunset ceramics book
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 5
Covering both traditional and contemporary practices, this workshop reference collects the breadth and range of ceramic techniques into one definitive volume for amatuers and specialists alike. Topics covered include forming techniques, detailed sections on slip decoration, embossing, and glaze recipes.
Throwing
The craft and art of clay
Pottery : a complete guide to pottery-making techniques
Red lustrous wheel-made ware
Working with clay
Throwing techniques
The complete pottery course
Wheel-thrown ceramics : altering, trimming, addind, finishing
The craft and art of clay : a complete potter's handbook
The complete practical potter
Wheel throwing
The workshop guide to ceramics
The potter's complete studio handbook : the essential, start-to-finish guide for ceramic artists
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 3
The basics of throwing
Simon Leach's pottery handbook
An introduction to pottery : A step-by-step project book
The potter's workbook
Photographs and step-by-step instructions that explain the basic tools, shapes, and techniques of throwing pots, covering cylindrical and open shapes, along with information on trimming and specialized throwing techniques.
The encyclopedia of pottery techniques
The Complete home potter : Practical, accessible course in pottery skills and techniques including wheel throwing and handbuilding
Widely considered to be the most comprehensive introduction to ceramics available, this book contains numerous step-by-step illustrations of all ceramic techniques to guide the beginner, as well as inspirational ceramic pieces from international potters. For the more experienced ceramist, there is a wealth of technical detail on glaze formulas and temperature conversions which make the book an ideal reference. -- Book Description.
Pottery : a manual of techniques
Introduction to pottery
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 2
Thrown pottery techniques revealed : The secrets of perfect throwing shown in unique cutaway photography
The practical potter step-by-step handbook : a comprehensive guide to ceramics with step-by-step projects and techniques
Pottery : a step-by-step guide to the craft of pottery
The potter's studio clay & glaze handbook : an essential guide to choosing, working, and designing with clay and glaze in the ceramic studio
The big book of ceramics : a guide to the history, materials, equipment, and techniques of hand-building, molding, throwing, kiln-firing, and glazing pottery and other ceramic objects
250 tips, techniques and trade secrets for potters
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 1
