http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6217 cassettes
cassettes
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1988
Hiiltä seinällä = Charcoal on the wall
Troubleshooting and repairing consumer electronics
Learning to learn English : a course in learner training
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo 1991 : hakemistot = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1991, hakemistot
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1989, hakemistot
Flashdance : Original soundtrack from the motion picture
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1990, hakemistot
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1988, hakemistot
The digitization of audio tapes
Disco city. Parhaat
The environment
The Penguin guide to compact discs and cassettes
Contemporary jazz and traditional swing
Video screams : the official sourcebook to horror, science fiction, fantasy and related films on videocasette and disc
Consumer electronics troubleshooting & repair handbook
Survival English : international communication for professional people. Student's book
Soundtracks : real-life listening : a variety of subjects, styles and speakers
Cassette culture : popular music and technology in North India
Ice : the definitive guide to in-car entertainment
ACE 2 : adult communicative English
Rock bass
All set. 3, Kurssit 7-9 : English for business situations
Puff the magic dragon : The beloved classic and 5 new songs
The art of digital video
Surveying the first decade : video art and alternative media in the U.S.. Vol. 1.
Russian in an easy way : Russian language course for beginners : 30 hours
Hits for the Classroom
Disco city. 10, Kotimaan hitit
The Wedding Album
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1984
Songs of Ireland : 103 favourite Irish and Irish-American songs
In vitro model of retinal pigment epithelium for use in drug delivery studies
Hit the right note : English pronunciation and intonation for native Finnish speakers in business and administrative fields
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1989
The usborne nursery rhyme songbook
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1990
Teaching primary history : key stages 1 and 2
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1991
Photoshop 2.5
How to talk : the telephone talk factory
Disco city : Eurovision. 1, Maailman hitit
Teaching children dance video
A music lover's guide to record collecting
Wedding music for flute & guitar
Guide to selecting and acquiring CD-ROMs, software, and other electronic publications
ITN world news
Mix tape : the art of cassette culture
Fan's affect for music record formats : from vinyl LP to MP3
ACE : adult communicative English. 1
I learn by listening
Design & layout
Science Fiction Park Bundesrepublik
The finnish connection : A book of business and conversational english
Dutch : a complete course for beginners
The ironing man
Discovering Ireland
Suzuki recorder school : alto recorder. Volume 1, Recorder part
Picturing the social landscape : visual methods in the sociological imagination
The ethical soundscape : cassette sermons and Islamic counterpublics
Abstract.
Peak systolic velocity, resistance index and pulsatility index : variations in measuring a pre-recorded videotape
Macro Mind Director 3.1
Genetic and functional studies of genes involved in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease
Troubleshooting & repairing audio & video cassette players & recorders
Music master music on video catalogue
Summary of report from the Public Libraries Video Policy Working Group: Libraries as providers of video services.
Get by in Turkish : a quick beginners' course in spoken Turkish for holidaymakers and businesspeople
Preservation of electronic records : new knowledge and decision-making
Troubleshooting and repairing consumer electronics without a schematic
Teaching English with video
Puff the magic dragon
Video acquisitions and cataloging : a handbook
The human face : masks, emotions, identities : [a guide for instructors and researchers]
