http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6218 runic writing
runic writing
Summary in English.
The Viking world
Runes and runic inscriptions : collected essays on Anglo-Saxon and Viking runes
Viking language. Volume 2, The old norse reader
Texts & contexts of the oldest Runic inscriptions
Runes and their secrets : studies in runology
An introduction to English runes
The une 'e[th]el' and scribal writing habits in the Beowulf MS.
The language of the oldest runic inscriptions : a linguistic and historical-philological analysis
The tarot oracle : tarot cards, runes, palmistry, numerology, I Ching, crystals, tea leaves
Roman imperialism and runic literacy : the westernization of Northern Europe (150-800 AD)
Heck's Pictorial Archive of Art and Architecture
The story of writing
Runes, magic and religion : a sourcebook
The Viking-age rune-stones : custom and commemoration in early medieval Scandinavia
Both one and many : essays on change and variety in late norse heathenism
Bind-runes : an investigation of ligatures in runic epigraphy
Johan Ihre on the origins and history of the runes : three Latin dissertations from the mid 18th century
The early runic language of Scandinavia : studies in Germanic dialect geography
On the origin and early history of runic script : typology and graphic variation in the older futhark
Runeninschriften als Quellen interdisziplinärer Forschung : Abhandlungen des Vierten Internationalen Symposiums über Runen und Runeninschriften in Göttingen vom 4.-9. August 1995 = Proceedings of the Fourth International Symposium on Runes and Runic Inscriptions in Göttingen, 4-9 August 1995
Recasting the runes : the reform of the Anglo-Saxon futhorc
The runic inscriptions of Maeshowe, Orkney
On a runic calendar found in Lapland in 1866. Communicated to the Cambridge Antiquarian society, march 20, 1877
Viking Language 2: The Old Norse Reader (the 2nd book in the Viking Language Series) immerses the learner in Old Norse and Icelandic. Readings include a wealth of Old Norse myths, legends, complete Icelandic sagas, poems of the Scandinavian gods, runic inscriptions. There is a large vocabulary and a full reference grammar. Selections from Old Norse and rune texts range from the doom of the gods at the final battle Ragnarok to descriptions of the dwarves' gold and the ring that inspired Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, Wagner's Ring Cycle, and a host of modern fantasy.
Viking language. Volume 1, Learn Old Norse, runes, and Icelandic sagas
Runesticks and reading The Husband's message
With summaries in English.
On graphic variation in the older Futhark : reply to a review by Henrik Williams of my book On the origin and early history of the runic script
Old English runes and their continental background
Norwegian runes and runic inscriptions
Work and worship : laser scanner analysis of Viking Age rune stones
E[th]el-weard : the first scribe of the Beowulf ms.
The Ugaritic abjad ... a rovás alphabet
Runes and their origin : Denmark and elsewhere
'He drowned in Holmrs̕ sea - His cargo-ship drifted to the sea-bottom, only three came out alive' : records and representations of Baltic traffic in the Viking Age and the Early Middle Ages in early Nordic sources
The runes of Sweden
From runes to romance : a festschrift for Gunnar Persson on his sixtieth birthday, November 9, 1997
Finnish magic : a nation of wizards, a world of spirits
Phonological evidence from the Continental Runic inscriptions
Proceedings of the Third International Symposium on Runes and Runic Inscriptions : Grindheim, Norway, 8-12 August 1990
Mythes et religions scandinaves
Cultural patterns in discursive practices of Scandinavian speech communities in the Viking age : on the basis of runic inscriptions of North-Central Jutland
To rede and to rown : expressions of early Scandinavian kingship in written sources
Runes : an introduction
A concise grammar of the older Runic inscriptions
The early runic inscriptions : their western features
Viking Language 1: Learn Old Norse, Runes, and Icelandic Sagas (the first book in the Viking Language Series) is a new introduction to Old Norse and Icelandic. The beginner has everything in one book: Graded lessons, reading passages, vocabulary, grammar exercises, and pronunciation. A full complement of maps, runic inscriptions and culture sections explore the civilization, legends, and myths of the Vikings. The lessons follow an innovative word frequency strategy, a method that speeds learning. Because the grammar of Modern Icelandic has changed so little from Old Norse, the learner is well on the way to mastering Modern Icelandic.
Scandinavian runic inscriptions in the British isles : their historical context
Runes and Germanic linguistics
From Ephesos to Dalecarlia : reflections on body, space and time in medieval and early modern Europe
Prof. S. Bugge's studies on Northern mythology
The Old English Rune poem : a critical edition
Runes : a handbook
The world of the Vikings
The atlas of historical works in Mongolia : (selected pages) = Moǧolistan tarihi eserleri atlası (seçilmiş sayfalar)
The viking-age rune-stones : custom and commemoration in early medieval Scandinavia
Ships and men in the late Viking Age : the vocabulary of runic inscriptions and skaldic verse
