http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6227 natural sciences
natural sciences
Historical studies in the natural sciences
Towards dialogic teaching in science : challenging classroom realities through teacher education
Creative sciencing : ideas and activities for teachers and children
Science in History. Volume 2, The Scientific and Industrial Revolutions
The God delusion
Will we ever speak dolphin? : and 130 more science questions answered : more questions and answers from the popular 'Last Word' column
The secret anarchy of science
Optimal harvesting of Tectona grandis plantation stands in Costa Rica
What if? : serious scientific answers to absurd hypothetical questions
Active learning in secondary and college science classrooms : a working model for helping the learner to learn
Despite the overwhelming diversity of life on earth, one theme has dominated its evolution: the apparently simple act of moving from one place to another. This book tells the incredible story of locomotion in human and animal evolution. Evolutionary biologist Matt Wilkinson shows why our ancestors became two-legged, why we have opposable thumbs, why the backbone appeared, how fish fins became limbs, how even trees are locomotion-obsessed, and how movement has shaped our minds as well as our bodies. He explains why there are no flying monkeys or biological wheels, how dinosaurs took to the air, how Mexican waves began in the animal kingdom, and why moving can make us feel good.
Records of the Canterbury Museum
Science for the citizen : a self-educator based on the social background of scientific discovery
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
Developing science in the primary classroom
The book of potentially catastrophic science
Proceedings of the California Academy of Sciences
Narratives of doctoral studies in science education : making the transition from educational practitioner to researcher
Approaches and Strategies in Next Generation Science Learning
Economic geographical analysis of the Finnish paper industry
The European Union and assembling biofuel development : topological investigations concerning the associations between law, policy and space
Proceedings of the West Virginia Academy of Science
Machine learning and clinical text : supporting health information flow
Society for the Bibliography of Natural History 1936 to 1983, Society for the History of Natural History 1983 to 1990 : index to publications 1936-1990
Critical analysis of science textbooks : evaluating instructional effectiveness
Unsolved problems of science
Science for primary school teachers
Aspects of teaching secondary science : perspectives on practice
Science education : major themes in education. Volume 2 : science education and assessment in the formal curriculum
Multidata inverse problems and Bayesian solution methods in astronomy
Collection and research
13 things that don't make sense : the most baffling scientific mysteries of our time
Learning to teach science in the secondary school : a companion to school experience
Remote sensing for three-dimensional modelling of hydromorphology
Systematics as normative holism
Natural history bulletin of the Siam Society
Learning science : a singular plural perspective
Jacob Fellman - the botanising priest
Natural science report of the Ochanomizu University
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Higher order thinking in science classrooms : students' learning and teachers' professional development
A short history of scientific ideas to 1900
Scientific inquiry and nature of science : implications for teaching, learning, and teacher education
On fault tolerance methods for networks-on-chip
Evolving polycentricities : the development of urban spatial structure in Finnish urban regions
Children's learning in a digital world
Current research on mathematics and science education : proceedings of the XXI Annual Symposium of the Finnish Association of Mathematics and Science Education Research
The Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection
Introducing Dialogic Teaching to Science Student Teachers
Field and laboratory methods for grassland and animal production research
Sciencia : mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology and astronomy for all
Science and technology : an introduction to the literature
Genetic structure of Tetraclinis articulata, an endangered conifer of the western Mediterranean basin
The wonderful century : Its successes and its failures
On dynamic monitoring methods for networks-on-chip
Basic teaching methods in physics and social science classroom : reality and upper secondary school students' expectations in Norway and Finland
New and emerging challenges of the ICT-mediated health and well-being services
Nature and young children : encouraging creative play in natural environments
Handbook of the psychology of science
The parable of the beast
Multifrequency VLBI observations of selected active galactic nuclei
Science, technology, and society : a sourcebook on research and practice
Rural food system change in Tanzania during the Post-Ujamaa era : a case study from Western Bagamoyo district
The big questions in science : the quest to solve the great unknowns
Country-side
We are all stardust : scientists who shaped our world talk about their work, their lives, and what they still want to know
A learning community : teachers and students engaged in developing their own learning and understanding
Application of magnetic biomonitoring in air pollution research : spatio-temporal properties of magnetic particle matter
Life On Air : memoirs of a Broadcaster
Good style : writing for science and technology
Storm in a teacup : the physics of everyday life
The five horsemen of the modern world : climate, food, water, disease, and obesity
Personalities of Russian amateur botany, 1. Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929), and the neglected protologue of Alchemilla propinqua H.Lindb.
The world treasury of physics, astronomy, and mathematics
Proceedings of the San Diego Society of Natural History
American scientist
Science in the field
Created by some being : theoretical and empirical exploration of adults’ automatic and reflective beliefs about the origin of natural phenomena
Scientific Research and Social Needs
German-English science dictionary : for students in chemistry, physics, biology, agriculture, and related sciences
The age of planetary space : on Heidegger, being, and metaphysics of globalization
Contributions in science
JoVE Science Education Videos
Journal of East African natural history
On the effect of molecular structure and composition on the photofragmentation of biomolecules
The IEA study of science. 2, Science achievement in twenty-three countries
The IEA study of science. 1, Science education and curricula in twenty-three countries
A treasury of science
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
Caribbean journal of science
Animal, vegetable, mineral? : how eighteenth-century science disrupted the natural order
Properties of galaxies and groups : nature versus nurture
Basics of cladistic analysis
Approaches and Strategies in Next Generation Science Learning examines the challenges involved in the development of modern curriculum models, teaching strategies, and assessments in science education in order to prepare future students in the 21st century economies. This comprehensive collection of research brings together science educators, researchers and administrators interested in enhancing the teaching and learning of next generation science.
The meaning of science
It can't be true!. 2
Journal of the North Carolina Academy of Science
Secret chambers : the inside story of cells and complex life
National geographic (eng) : Helsinki
The growth of physical science
Bumbelievable! : a mind-bending collection of facts
Science in the Netherlands East Indies
Formal power analysis of systems-on-chip
Teaching science
Restructuring science education : the importance of theories and their development
Handbook of design research methods in education : innovations in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics learning and teaching
European red list of globally threatened animals and plants : and recommendations on its application as adopted by the Economic Commission for Europe at its forty-sixth session (1991) by decision D (46)
Natural science in Western history
Report on planet three and other speculations
Towards science education for sustainable development in developing countries : a study of Ethiopia, Ghana and Nigeria
Electrified sheep and other bizarre experiments
The natural sciences : an introduction to the scientific philosophy of to-day
Sound
The teaching of science in primary schools
Usborne Spotter's guide to nature
Circular spectropolarimetric studies of DQ white dwarfs
Supernovae in dense and dusty environments
Leonhardi Euleri Opera omnia. Ser. 3, vol. 10, Opera physica, miscellanea, vol 10: Commentationes physicae ad theoriam caloris, electricitatis et magnetismi pertinentes
Studies of solar activity with emphasis on quasi-periodic oscillations
The Oxford children's A to Z of science
Free radicals : the secret anarchy of science
What Einstein didn't know : scientific answers to everyday questions
Sequential explanatory study of factors connected with science achievement in six countries: Finland, England, Hungary, Japan, Latvia and Russia : study based on TIMSS 1999
Bulletin of the National Science Museum
Bulletin of the Chicago Academy of Sciences
Learning in science : the implications of children's science
This explains everything : deep, beautiful and elegant theories of how the world works
Connected knowledge : science, philosophy, and education
The Galápagos : a natural history
Science in the early years : building firm foundations from birth to five
Segmental durations of speech
Is quantum theory relevant to the study of consciousness?
Inquiry in science education and science teacher education : research on teaching and learning through inquiry based approaches in science (teacher) education
Ohio journal of science
Socio-scientific issues in the classroom : teaching, learning and research
Multi-eruption solar energetic particle events observed by SOHO/ERNE
English men of science : their nature and nurture
Evaluating and improving undergraduate teaching in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics
The little book of scientific principles, theories & things
Community inhabitants' values and benefits in dynamic tropical forest landscapes : participation and spatial analysis in landscape knowledge integration
The story of science
Thermal-aware networked many-core systems
The scientist and his tools
Constructivism in science education : a philosophical examination
A history of magic and experimental science. Volume 6, The sixteenth century
Usborne first illustrated science dictionary
Variability in active galactic nuclei : understanding emission mechanisms and unification models
Proceedings of the Linnean Society of New South Wales
Science in Scandinavia: a case for reappraisal
Asimov's guide to science. Volume 1 : The physical sciences
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
Science in elementary education
The gene : an intimate history
Learning in schools : a modelling approach
Modern science and modern man
McGraw-Hill yearbook of science and technology. 1993: comprehensive coverage of recent events and research as compiled by the staff of the McGraw-Hill Encyclopedia of Science & Technology
A comparative study of science education at the primary school level in Finland and Thailand
The politics and rhetoric of scientific method : historical studies
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
Unesco handbook for science teachers
Environments of active galaxies
Rhetoric and representation : exploring the cultural meaning of the natural sciences in contemporary popular science writing and literature
Northumbrian naturalist
Critical reading : making sense of research papers in life sciences and medicine
Small and large scale dynamics in the Milky Way
Harald Lindberg was one of the most eminent botanist in Finland during the 1900's. He studied a wide range of taxa, including subfossils and bryophytes. He investigated subfossils on peatlands in 60 municipalities, many of them now belonging to Russia. Lindberg described 11 new bryophyte taxa, and discovered 12 new species to Finland (including areas of former Finnish territory of today's Russia). For East Fennoscandia he described 8 new vascular plant species to science, discovered 42 new species and 26 hybrids to country. Apomictic species interested him also, and he described 4 new Alchemilla species, 34 Hieraciumtaxa and 80 Taraxacum species or subspecies. Later he became expertise also on Mediterranean species, and described 50 new species and 22 subspecies, especially from Morocco and Spain. Plantae Finlandiae Exsiccatae was an extensive effort. 2,081 numbers were distributed to 23 museum. .
Restless creatures : the story of life in ten movements
Proceedings of the Academy of natural sciences of Philadelphia
Understanding biological concepts at university : investigating learning in medical and teacher education
A short history of nearly everything
Regional development zones in spatial development in Finland : governing spatial development through new territorial frames
A dictionary of science
The Oxford book of modern science writing
How blind is the watchmaker? : theism or atheism : should science decide?
Teaching primary science
Fluvial processes and their future magnitudes : combined field observation and simulation approaches
Encyclopedia of life sciences
Guide to publishing a scientific paper
A little history of science
Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929) was a paediatric surgeon (in urology) in Moscow. As an amateur botanist he collected plants in 1914-1924, mostly Alchemilla, in Moscow and its nearest vicinities, as well as in the former Yaroslavl, Vyatka and Perm Regions. His collections, including types of Alchemilla, are housed at the Komarov Botanical Institute (LE) and the Herbarium of the Museum of History and Culture of the Central Kama Region in Sarapul, Udmurt Republic, Russia....
Amateur botanist Jacob Fellman (1793-1875), priest of northernmost Finland at Utsjoki in 1820-1831, was the first Finn to study the flora of northernmost East Fennoscandia. He did several long expeditions to Lapponia inarensis (Finland), to East Finnmark (Norway) and to the western Kola Peninsula region (Northwest Russia). His main publications include lists of the species of those areas, as well as their localities and frequencies (J. Fellman 1831, 1835). His memoirs (J. Fellman 1906a) also contain a great deal of plant information. Fellman was also interested in economic plants and phenological observations....
Towards an integrative information society : studies on individuality in speech and sign
Natural languages processing resources for Finnish : corpus development in the general and clinical domains
Five days at Memorial : life and death in a storm-ravaged hospital
Teaching science through discovery
Thinking outside the box : enhancing science teaching by combining (instead of contrasting) laboratory and simulation activities
Motivational beliefs in the TIMSS 2003 context : theory, measurement and relation to test performance
Issues in science teaching
Exploring science with young children : a developmental perspective
With It Can't Be True 2! you will never see your jar of honey the same way again once you realise that it took 1,308 honey bees to make it. Or notice a small snail in your garden without thinking of the gargantuan Giant Ghana Snail with its 30cm long shell! The outstanding array of topics and amazing facts will satisfy all readers, comparing comets to Los Angeles and the weight of the global ant population to that of the human race. Cutting-edge visuals make the most astounding facts digestible, and bring the statistics to life!
This book explores the ways in which small scale research studies arise from issues of practice, and how they are conceptualised, theorised and implemented using a variety of methodological approaches and frameworks. The narratives written by thirteen doctoral students tell real stories of projects and challenges that researchers face when making the transition from educational practitioner to researcher. Considering case studies from the UK, Sweden and Germany, chapters seek to investigate and inform others about how doctoral students solved individual and typical problems linking practice and research. Each methodological journey highlights and illustrates the iterative and cyclic nature of research, and the normality of the process of going back and forth between data and theory, making changes of direction as research proceeds. The book includes frameworks for combining research, theory and practice, drawing from the methodological decisions and conclusions each contributor made to develop their own practice oriented research. Narratives of Doctoral Studies in Science Education will be key reading for researchers and academics in the fields of educational research, science education, research methods and higher education, as well as masters and doctoral students undertaking their own research projects.
Science in History. Volume 3, The Natural Sciences in Our Time
Campbell biology : concepts & connections
Journal of the National Museum (Prague). Natural history series
NaturGate®, concept mapping and CmapTools : creating global networks of servers improved learning about, in and for nature, ecosystems, biodiversity, and sustainable development
Science in History. Volume 1, Emergence of Science
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
Indian journal of geo-marine sciences
Scaffolding inquiry in science education by means of computer supported collaborative learning : pupils' and teacher students' experiences
The Gale encyclopedia of science
Örebro studies in life science
Harald Lindberg - a Finnish botanist
Bulgarian antarctic research. Life sciences
Linguistic aspects of science
The IEA study of science. 3, Changes in science education and achievement: 1970 to 1984
Journal of the Royal Society of Western Australia
Students teachers' views on relevance and coherence of mathematics and science teacher education programme
A history of magic and experimental science. Volume 5, The sixteenth century
Science education : major themes in education. Volume 3 : teaching and learning in science education
Investigative work in the science curriculum
Fluvio-morphological processes of meander bends : combining conventional field measurements, close-range remote sensing and computational modelling
Learning and teaching in school science : practical alternatives
Teaching primary science : promoting enjoyment and developing understanding
The fixation of atmospheric nitrogen
Science in schools
A naturalist in Mexico : being a visit to Cuba, northern Yucatan and Mexico
Abstract: J.V. Snellman as an interpreter of Hegelś Philosophy of right.
Scientific American : Vantaa
Bulletin of the National Research Center
LUMAT-B : international journal on math, science and technology education
Men and women of the forest : livelihood strategies and conservation from a gender perspective in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
Modelling ecological values in heterogenous and dynamic landscapes with geospatial data
The nature of science in science education : rationales and strategies
