http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6224 planets
planets
Black science. volume 2 : Welcome, nowhere
An introduction to planetary atmospheres
Exploring Mercury : the iron planet
The universe chapter
These Broken Stars
Asteroids, comets and meteors : up in space
Dungeon monstres. Vol. 4, Night of the ladykiller
Professor Astro Cat's frontiers of space
Introduction to astronomy and cosmology
Dungeon monstres. Vol. 2, The dark lord
Cloak of war
Recent advances in planetary meteorology : the Seymour Hess Memorial Symposium-IUG General Assembly, Hamburg 18-19 August 1983
Champion of Mars
Philip's stargazing with Mark Thompson : essential guide to astronomy
Dungeon monstres. Vol. 1, The crying giant
The crowns, spiders and stars of Venus : characterization and assessment of the geological settings of volcano-tectonic structures on Venus
Black Science. volume 3 : Vanishing pattern
Why does the moon change shape? : helping to explain our solar system
The Martians
The brilliant surprise
Dungeon twilight. Volume 3, The new centurions
Star seeker : a journey to outer space
The films of Tim Burton : animating live action in contemporary Hollywood
Barsk : the elephants' graveyard
Creation machine : a novel of the Spin
Planetary rings
It's never too early to find out about... space
Why are black holes black?
The evolving sun and its influence on planetary environments : proceedings of a workshop held at Instituto de Astrofísica de Andalucía, Granada, Spain 18-20 June 2001
Starcross ; or, The coming of the Moobs! or, Our adventures in the fourth dimension! : a stirring tale of British vim upon the seas of space and time
The quiet invasion
The bloody tournament to determine the new empress of the intergalactic empire may be over, but for exiled princess Kayla Reinumon, the battle is just beginning. To free her home planet from occupation, Kayla must infiltrate the highest reaches of imperial power. But when a deadly nanovirus threatens to ravage the empire, it will take more than diplomacy to protect her homeworld from all-out war.
Mars : the story of the Red Planet
Space record breakers
Mother of Eden
Asteroid identification using statistical orbital inversion methods
The planets
For the crew of the Keiko, their stay at the Grand House casino on New Samara was supposed to be a well-deserved rest. It didn't last. Captain Ichabod Drift promised that the side-trip to the mining planet Uragan would be a quick in and out - a data retrieval job then back to the tables. He was wrong. When the revolution comes, all you can do is choose a side and hope to get out alive.
Neptune and Triton
The subject of this thesis was to produce a plug-in for the Unity engine that generates three dimensional planetary terrain models suitable to be used in game development. The plug-in has three main parts: a node editor tool within Unity editor that enables visual design of noise functions to be used on the surface, a robust code for generating 3D models during runtime and a dynamic level of detail system. This thesis details the techniques used and the results of the project. The work was based on previous knowledge learned during creating a similar application using Java. The work was implemented using the Unity engine with C# programming language in MonoDevelop development environment. The work resulted in a working plug-in that was released in the Unity Asset Store.
The Martian
Astronomy : a self-teaching guide
Dungeon the early years. Volume 1, The night shirt
The empress game
The sands of Mars
The motion of planets and natural and artificial satellites : proceedings of a CNPq-NSF synposium and workshop held in Embu, Brazil December 14-18, 1981
Rage : after the impact
Aldebaran. [1], The catastrophe
Astronomy : 50 ideas you really need to know
Horrid Henry's space
Dungeon twilight. Volume 2, Armageddon
Betelgeuse. [1], The survivors
Flynn, leader of the rebellion on Avon, captures Jubilee "Lee" Chase, captain of the forces sent to crush the terraformed planet's rebellious colonists, but later saves her and the two, caught between sides in a senseless war, flee together.
The dark crystal : creation myths. Volume II
Dungeon the early years. Volume 2, Innocence lost
Planetary sciences
The small group of marooned humans, minus a few individuals who left after a difference of opinions, survived one group of aliens, received help from a second, and is now travelling towards what appears to be a town. But their adoptive planet is a truly peculiar place with many surprises in store: a wild and unknown nature, inhabitants with unpredictable attitudes and morals ... and other, even stranger phenomena well beyond their comprehension!
It is the aftermath of civil war in the vast pageant of planets and stars known as The Spin. Three years since he crushed the rebellion, Viklun Haas, industrialist and leader of the Hegemony, is eliminating all remnants of the opposition. Starting with his own daughter. But Fleare Haas, fighter for Society Otherwise has had a long time to plan her next move. Sprung from her remote monastery prison and reuniting with a team of loyal friends, Fleare's journey will take her across The Spin to the cluster of fallen planets known as the The Catastrophy Curve - and from exile, to the very frontiers of war. Meanwhile, in the brutal and despotic empire of The Fortunate, word is reaching viceroy Alameche of a most unusual piece of plunder from their latest invasion. For hundreds of millions of years, the bizarre planets and stars of The Spin itself have been the only testament to the god-like engineers that created it. Now, buried in the earth of a ruined planet, one of their machines has been found...
When the blue shift comes
The case for Mars : the plan to settle the red planet and why we must
On the false earths
Introduction to planetary science : the geological perspective
Ambassador of the shadows
Small star empires : a game of galactic colonization and domination
Crash landing
Retroworld
How we'll live on Mars
On the interpretation of asteroid lightcurves
The moon
Planets beyond the solar system and the next generation of space missions : proceedings of a workshop held at the Space Telescope Science Institute, Baltimore Maryland 16-18 October 1996
Dungeon zenith. Volume 2 : The Barbarian princess
Stars and planets
Circular spectropolarimetric studies of DQ white dwarfs
Planets and satellites
Dungeon monstres. Vol. 3, Heartbreaker
The abyss beyond dreams : chronicle of the Fallers
Investigations of planetary boundary layer processes and particle formation in the atmosphere of planet Mars
Glow in the dark stars and planets
Moving pictures : a Discworld novel
The galaxy game
Robot warriors
Dark matter. Volume one : Rebirth
Crash
The case of Pluto  : how a little planet made a big difference
Dungeon twilight. Volume. 3, The new centurions
Jupiter
Dungeon twilight. Volume 1, Dragon cemetery
The Survivors : quantum anomalies. Episode 1
The solar system
Worlds of exile and illusion
Planetary landscapes
Red Mars
Measurements of the magnetism of the Mars-96 small station at the Nurmijärvi geophysical observatory
A down to earth guide to the cosmos
Babar visits another planet
This shattered world : a Starbound novel
Zenith. 1, Duck heart
Betelgeuse. [2] : The caves
Pandora's star : part one of the commonwealth saga
A thirty-minute game of galactic conquest, Tiny Epic Galaxies is driven by an exciting dice-rolling mechanism that rewards thoughtful programming of the results. Players control a home galaxy and a fleet of space ships. As players upgrade their galaxies, they gain access to more ships and more dice. Each turn, a player rolls a set of dice; how many dice are rolled is determined by the level of that player's galaxy. Each side of the six-sided die represents a different type of action: Movement, Colony Action, Harvest from Culture Planets, Harvest from Energy Planets, Improve an Economic Influence, and Improve a Diplomatic Influence
Up, up and away
Dungeon zenith. Vol. 2, The Barbarian princess
A traveller's guide to Mars : the mysterious landscapes of red planet
Dungeon parade. Volume 2, Day of the toads
Worlds in interaction : small bodies and planets of the solar system : proceedings of the meeting "Small bodies in the solar system and their interactions with the planets" held in Mariehamn, Finland, August 8-12, 1994
Orbital. 5 : Justice
The case for Pluto : how a little planet made a big difference
The cosmos : astronomy in the new millenium
The martian chronicles
A Perfect Beast
Lightcurve inversion for asteroid spins and shapes
A new dawn for the galaxy is coming. Four of the major civilizations inhabiting the galaxy finally achieved interstellar travel, and are ready to establish their empires and dominance across the galaxy. Your civilization is among them! As a leader, you must make sure your rising empire is the dominant at the end! You will accomplish this by colonizing planetary systems and beautiful nebulae with your ships while establishing your domain.
Orbiting the sun : planets and satellites of the solar system
Judas unchained
Saturn from Cassini-Huygens
Smalĺs birthday treat
Dead space : Liberation
M.U.L.E. : the board game
Advances in geosciences. Vol. 15, Planetary science (PS)
The return of Zita the spacegirl
Zed : a cosmic tale
The Ouroboros wave
Big Book Of Stars And Planets
Dungeon monstres. Vol. 5, My son the killer
Dungeon parade. Volume 1, A dungeon too many
The adventures of Earth : climb, sail and explore our amazing planet
Foundation and Earth
The planet Neptune
Murphy's miserable space adventures
Migration
Dungeon twilight. Volume 4, The end of dungeon
Procedural planet generation in game development
Aldebaran. [2], The group
Exploring Mars
The planetary scientist's companion
Mars : our future on the red planet
Journey through the solar system
Philip's astrophotography with Mark Thompson : essential guide to photographing the night sky
Betelgeuse. [3] : The other
Dungeon monstres. Vol. 6, The great animator
