http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p622 inflation (economics)
inflation (economics)
The sustainability of Chinese growth
Inflation in the ESCWA region : causes and effects
The benefits of low inflation : talking stock "A nickel ain't worth a dime any more" [Yogi Berra]
Abstract.
Inflation targeting under uncertainty
Interest and inflation free money : creating and exchange medium that works for everybody and protects the earth
Controlling inflation by use of the interest rate : the critical roles of fiscal policy and government debt
Principles of macroeconomics
Inflation and the Euler equation approach to consumption behaviour : some empirical evidence
A naïve sticky information model of households' inflation expectations
Aftershock : protect yourself and profit in the next global financial meltdown
The death of money : the coming collapse of the international monetary system
Inflation and employment in open economies
Consumer Price Index
Inflation and saving : testing Deaton's hypothesis
The causes of the present inflation : an interdisciplinary explanation of inflation in Britain, Germany and the United States
Inflation in Vietnam and its effects on small and medium sized enterprises : case: An Thinh Investment Private Company
There is increased uncertainty surrounding the growth and inflation forecasts, yet this time upside risks are also present. On one hand, low oil prices and long-term interest rates could boost global economic growth more than estimated. In addition, currency depreciation in the EU22 and Japan could result in higher-than-forecast growth and inflation. On the other hand, protracted low inflation together with downward wage and price rigidities could be a drag on growth, especially in the EU22. Geopolitical risks continue to weigh on the outlook..
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Inflation, capital markets and household saving : evidence from Nordic countries
Inflation and capital markets
Monetary policy in the euro area has been highly accommodative in recent years. The accommodative stance has also been reflected in banks' lending rates. The transmission of monetary policy has become more effective, following the strengthening of the euro area banking system and the improvement in banks' capital adequacy from previous years.
Inflation : causes and effects
The phenomenon of worldwide inflation
Abenomics: three years - the big ship turns slowly
An expectations-augmented Phillips curve in an open economy
Inflation in postwar Finland
Evolution of sales prices and profit margins : Case company Zannier Prestations, Z
The control of inflation
High inflation : the Arne Ryde memorial lectures
A study of cost and demand inflation
The global economy is expected to grow by a full 3% annually in 2017-2018, i.e. only slightly faster than in 2016. World trade growth will remain slow relative to GDP growth, as in recent years. In the United States and China, economic growth will continue to be strong and will sustain global growth. A slight rise in the oil price will support gradual economic recovery in Russia. Euro area growth is expected to remain relatively brisk, driven by domestic demand. Brexit will cast a shadow over the growth outlook, particularly for the United Kingdom but also to some extent for the rest of Europe. Emerging economies will continue to develop at a relatively steady pace during the forecast period and are not expected to be much affected by the dip in European growth..
Inflation targeting : analyzing indicators of inflation in Finland
Latin American macroeconomic reforms: the second stage
Policy against inflation
Global growth remains sluggish
Falling oil prices translate into an income transfer from producers to consumers
Production, employment and inflation in the Baltic countries
Monetary Overhang, Inflation and Stabilization in the  Economies in Transition
Japan's inflation expectations as a measure of the success of Abenomics
Policy interaction, learning and the fiscal theory of prices
Credibility of central bank policy under EMU criteria : inflation targeting in Finland 1992-1996
Determinants of inflation in Zambia
Inflation and exchange rate regimes in transition economies : currency board arrangement as a special case
Inflation, output and perfectly enforceable price controls in Orthodox and Heterodox stabilization programmes
This paper assesses empirically the lag between changes in money supply and inflation in Russia during the economic transition.In line with the previous literature, we find that money supply changes affect inflation with a fairly short lag.In addition to this, we find tentative evidence for some lengthening of the lag as the transition has progressed.However, these results are not very robust, and the lags that are found to be significant are generally shorter than those found in the earlier literature. Keywords: Inflation, monetary policy, Russia .
Adaptive inflation expectations under structural changes : the case of Finland
Inflation as a global problem
The inflation hedging characteristics of Russian real estate
Executive summary.
WMAP 5 year data and its implications for single field inflation models
Inflation
A note on inflation under the Estonian Currency Board
Inflation and unemployment : the new dimension  of politics : the 1976 Alfred Nobel memorial  lecture
Unemployment and inflation regimes
Inflation : a management guide to company survival
The role of expectations in euro area inflation dynamics
The handbook of capital investing : analyses and strategies for investment in capital assets
Our overloaded economy : inflation, unemployment, and the crisis in American capitalism
Latin American inflation : the structuralist-monetarist debate
Stagflation : the penalty of speculative production in a multistage economy
Euro area monetary policy has been eased significantly in recent years. The most important of the measures applied are the expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP), targeted longer-term refinancing operations and the introduction of a negative interest rate on the deposit facility. The Governing Council of the ECB has emphasised its commitment to securing a sustained adjustment in the path of inflation consistent with its inflation target, i.e. a level below, but close to, 2%. The asset purchase programme has proceeded as planned and has led to reductions across a broad spectrum of euro area interest rates..
This study examines how inflation and money supply growth have interacted in Russia.It covers the period from January 1992, when price liberalization was introduced, to December 1997.An error correction model includes an error correction term (ie deviation from long-run equilibrium) extracted from the estimated long-run money demand function. When the error correction term was included, it was found that much of the effect of monetary expansion on inflation was felt within three months.Further, the error correction term is shown to have a statistically significant coefficient with the correct sign in the money demand equation, implying that deviations from long-run equilibrium contain useful information on future monetary growth. The model reinforces the observation that monetary policy inevitably plays the key role in reducing inflation.Thus, if a reduction in inflation is desired, the central bank may find it impossible to reconcile this goal with other obligations, for example, with financing of the central government budget via large deficits. Keywords: inflation, models, Russia .
The incidence of inflation : or who gets hurt
Deep crises and reform : what have we learned?
Essays on economic policy. Vol. 1, Policies for full employment, The control of inflation, The problem of tax reform
China has experienced strong economic growth for over a quarter century.This brisk growth is expected to continue thanks to such factors as China's huge labour reserve, improvements in education levels, further integration of China into the global economy and a high savings rate, which provides China with strong potential for domestic investment.On the other hand, economic development is threatened by other trends, including widening inequality, the growing complexity of the decision-making framework and worsening of the public sector economy due to banking sector fragility and the absence of an adequate pension system.Keywords: China, economic development, growth .
Inflation accounting
China was able to combine slow inflation with very rapid economic growth for more than a decade. Finally, in 2007 inflation started to accelerate and there are a number of factors that may increase the pressure on China's price level in the near future. Most importantly, money supply growth is expected to remain rapid due to the ballooning foreign currency inflows. In addition, according to some estimates, economic growth has accelereated above its long-term potential and also a number of structural factors are likely to push production costs up. Counterbalancing part of the rising costs, productivity growth has somewhat accelerated during recent years. With low cost levels and fastly growing exports, China is believed to have exported deflation into its trading partners in recent years. However, due to the fact that the direct impacts of globalisation on inflation in the advanced economies have been moderate, also the effect of a possible rise in China's cost leve!  l on inflation in eg euro area is expected to remain small. However, the indirect impacts on price dynamics are much more difficult to forecast.  Keywords: China, inflation, monetary policy .
Theories of inflation
Inflation and monetary policy in Estonia
Euro area set to recover
An analysis of inflation in the small, open economy of Costa Rica
Inflation stabilization : the experience of Israel, Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia, and Mexico
The Governing Council of the ECB decided on an expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP) in January 2015. Purchases have thus far been conducted to a total value of almost EUR 780 billion. At its monetary policy meeting in March 2016, the Governing Council decided to further ease the monetary policy stance. Accordingly, markets expect monetary policy to remain accommodative for a prolonged period..
Inflation swaps are financial instruments used for the purpose of hedging against future inflation. Inflation expectations extracted from inflation swaps are often used as a measure of the market's inflation expectations, but the evolution of the swaps does not always correspond to actual changes in inflation expectations. When the market's expectations are assessed on the basis of inflation swaps, it is important to pay attention to the specific features of these agreements. Consequently, in assessing changes in short-term inflation expectations, forward inflation (e.g. annual inflation one year ahead) should be used rather than inflation swap rates..
Disinflation in transition, 1993-97
A parametric approach for estimating core inflation and interpreting the inflation process
Financialization of daily life
Economic outlook
The challenges of the Medvedev era
Central banks have acted forcefully to provide monetary accommodation. With little room for manoeuvre for standard interest rate policy, unconventional measures have been adopted. Committing to monetary accommodation gains importance as interest rates go down and inflation expectations increasingly deviate from the target; the expectations channel of monetary policy transmission becomes key when the aim is to raise inflation expectations and improve confidence. One example of the new monetary policy instruments is the Eurosystem's expanded asset purchase programme, which demonstrates the determination of the Governing Council to return price developments to a path in line with its price stability objective..
Abstract: Evolution of sales prices and profit margins.
Inflation : causes and consequences
Consumer prices have risen in Finland at a higher pace than in the euro area. This has eroded Finnish consumers' purchasing power and weakened the competitiveness of the economy. Of household expenditure, approximately 40% is services-related, and Finnish services prices, in particular, have risen at a relatively rapid pace. Since the financial crisis, domestic services prices have risen by over 10% compared with the euro area average. Finnish services price inflation has been the highest in the euro area..
The financial crisis changed the instruments but not the objectives of monetary policy
Incomes policy and inflation
An error correction model for Russian inflation
The influence of the economic structure on persistent inflation in estonia
The essentials of macroeconomics II
Commodity prices and the new inflation
Uncertainty about the condition of the global economy increased in August-September. Concerns relate particularly to China, whose decelerating growth has unnerved the markets. In the Bank of Finland forecast, global growth will be 3.0%, 3.2% and 3.5% in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. In addition to developments in China, the fact that world trade growth is past its peak weakens the outlook for the global economy compared with earlier predictions. There are downside risks to the forecast for the global economy..
The Scandinavian inflation model in Finland
Cosmic perturbation theory and inflation
Test bank to accompany Macroeconomics, Gordon
Wage inflation, expectations and indexation
The current inflation : Proceedings of a conference at the London school of economics on 22 February 1971
The long-run relationship between interest rates and inflation : some cross-country evidence
Money and markets : essays
Inflation and output in Germany : the role of inflation expectations
Essays on chronic inflation : the Brazilian experience
Medium-term forecasts of potential GDP and inflation using age structure information
Bayesian prediction with a cointegrated vector autoregression
his study examines how inflation has responded to changes in the rate of money supply growth in Russia.The study covers the period from January 1992 when price liberalization was introduced to December 1995.The error correction model uses an error correction term (i.e. deviation from long-run equilibrium) extracted from the estimated long-run money demand function. When the error correction term was included, it was found that much of the effect of monetary expansion was felt within three months. Further, the error correction term is shown to have statistically significant coefficient with a correct sign, implying that deviations from long-term equilibrium contain useful information about future inflation. The model reinforces the observation that monetary policy inevitably plays the main role in reducing inflation.Thus, if a reduction in inflation is desired, the central bank may find it impossible to reconcile this goal with other obligations, for example, the financing of the central government budget through large deficits. Keywords: inflation, models, Russia .
Euro area growth dependent on domestic demand
Yugoslav Hyperinflation 1992-1994
Inflation and investment controls in China : the political economy of central-local relations during the reform era
Is the euro area at risk of Japanese-style deflation?
The dollar crisis : a blueprint to help rebuild the American dream
Difficulties in emerging economies weigh on global growth
Do trade unions cause inflation? : two studies : with a theoretical introduction and policy conclusion
The 'Variance hypothesis' on output-inflation tradeoff : some tests with Scandinavian data
The politics of inflation : a comparative analysis
Characterization of primordial perturbations by observations
Growth overshadowed by hard-to-quantify risks
How to cope and survive with the economic chaos
Inflation in developing Asia : demand-pull or cost-push?
The German inflation 1918-1923
A study in the theory of inflation and unemployment
Economic and social survey of Asia and the Pacific : 2006 : energizing the global economy
Forecast risks
Inflation targeting : the Finnish experience
And deliver us from inflation
The Bank of Finland forecasts a global growth rate of 2.8% in 2016, rising only slightly to 3.2% in 2017-2018. The growth pick-up reflects a recovery of the emerging economies suffering from the recession. World trade growth in the forecast period will be close to world GDP growth. The forecasts for the United States and the EU22 are more moderate than previously, but growth should still exceed the estimated potential growth rate. The growth forecast for China in 2016-2017 remains at 6%, from which it is expected to slow to 5% in 2018..
Wage inflation
China's inflationary pressures and their impact on inflation in euro area
A model of inflation in Finland : inflation and incomes policy in the quarterly model of the Finnish economy
The battle against unemployment and inflation
Inflated : how money and debt built the American dream
Modeling expectations with noncausal autoregressions
Study on the possible part played by certain primary non-employment incomes in the inflationary process in Ireland
The fall in the oil price is broadly reflected across the current situation in the global economy and the outlook for the future. According to most assessments, the oil price drop is for the most part a positive supply shock that in the short term will support growth and slow inflation in net oil-importing countries. In addition to the oil price, long-term interest rates have also declined substantially in the euro area. As a whole, the outlook for the advanced economies has strengthened on average, while the outlook for many emerging economies has weakened. There are, however, major differences within the country groups, a fact also reflected in exchange rates. A particular case in point is the appreciation of the US dollar..
Observations on disinflation in transition economies
World inflation since 1950 : an international comparative study
Russia now ranks among the world's ten largest economies and continues to experience rapid growth. Industrial investment and real incomes are soaring. Federal finances are in excellent shape, giving the government a welcome opportunity to invest in long-term development of human capital, improvement of living conditions and bolstering of the country's infrastructure. Fixing Russia, however, is not without its challenges. For long-neglected sectors such as health care and education, financial infusions alone will be insufficient to bring change - structural reforms are needed. Double-digit inflation has also returned after slowing throughout most of the 2000s. The rise in prices has been driven by a global increase in food prices, along with a number of domestic factors. Finland has benefited from Russia's economic growth, and exports to Russia have risen rapidly even with the loss of market share to competitors. Energy's significance for the Russian economy remains large and the country has huge opportunities to improve its efficiency of energy use and production through e.g. price deregulation. While the direction is clear, the road ahead for Russia will not be easy. Russia seeks to become a leading global innovator over the medium term - a perhaps overambitious goal given the starting point.  Key words: Russia, economy, social issues, foreign trade, energy.
This paper treats inflation in Estonia during a period of dramatic change.In the course of this period both the nature and features of inflation have changed considerably. Starting in the mid-1980s, the development of the Estonian economy can be divided into two periods. During the first period the command economy was transformed into a postsocialist economy.The latter period was marked by the abolition of centralization and direct control, which are typical of the command economy. The difference between these periods is most clearly seen on the microeconomic level and is connected with the importance of market signals in determining the behaviour of economic agents. During the first period, i.e. from 1985 to 1992, nonmarket forces determined this behaviour.The market, or at least the initial conditions for a market were functioning, but market signals were not for the most part taken into account.In reality the command economy was reformed without a qualitative change in the economic system. The second period, which began in 1992 in connection with the monetary reform, include the qualitative change from a command economy to a market economy.The reforms that have taken place during the second period are making market signals the main impetus for the economic agents' behaviour. The nature of inflation has been different in the two periods. In the period of the post-socialist economy, inflation was a phenomenon that accompanied the liberalization of a command economy. .
Treasury inflation protected securities and nominal bonds : the development of some empirical features
Inflation and the theory of money
Short-run tax-push inflation in Finland
Inflation targeting : some extensions
Some notes on inflation, taxation, and the internal rate of return
The short and variable lags of Russian monetary policy
Studies on inflation in the small open economy
Can inflation be controlled?
A study in the theory of open inflation
Inflation theory and anti-inflation policy : proceedings of a conference held by the International Economic Association at Saltsjöbaden, Sweden
A vector error correction model for prices, money, output,  and interest rate in Russia
Rise in services prices has made Finland an expensive country
Dynamics of inflation responses to monetary policy in the EMU area
Scalar condensates in the early Universe and consequences of their non-perturbative decay
Inflation in small countries : proceedings of an international conference, held at the Institute for Advanced Studies, Vienna, November 1974
Rational expectations and inflation
Inflation and inequality
Performance of the Eurozone goverment inflation-linked bonds during the global financial crisis : A DCC GARCH approach
Worldwide inflation : Theory and recent experience
Rapid economic development in China and controlling inflation
The challenge of change : fifty years of business economics
Inflation : selected readings
Euro area inflation has long been below the European Central Bank's objective for price stability and has continued to slow in recent months. This has given rise to heightened concerns that the euro area could soon be facing a prolonged period of deflation, as recently in Japan. The case of the United States shows, however, that the Japanese experience can be avoided. The key would seem to be the anchoring of inflation expectations. In the euro area, new measures of monetary accommodation have contributed to reducing the risk of Japanese-style deflation.
Inflation risks and products : the complete guide
The history of inflation in Turkey
Class, power and the state in capitalist society : essays on Ralph Miliband
Inflation and the monetary target in Greece : an address
Targeting inflation over the sort, medium and long term
Japan's policy of actively stimulating the economy has been dubbed Abenomics, after Shinzo Abe, who was elected as prime minister a little over a year ago. The main objective of Abenomics is to bring Japan on to a permanent growth trajectory and leave behind the prolonged deflationary spiral. The Bank of Japan has set a 2% inflation target, which it supports with a monetary policy of zero interest rates and quantitative easing. Both recorded inflation and consumers' and market inflation expectations have firmed up in recent months. It is, however, unclear to what extent the current performance of the Japanese economy is a consequence of the policies pursued and whether the changes will be permanent..
Comment on Steinar Holden's paper
How well do inflation swaps reflect expected inflation?
Inflation and unemployment in a monetary union
Accounting in an inflationary environment
Measuring inflation expectations in Finland : a survey data approach
Inflation in Estonia : The effect of transition
Study on the possible part played by certain primary non-employment incomes in the inflationary process in Italy
Separating short-term and long-term inflation expectations using observations from financial markets
Uncertainty in global economy has increased
Unanticipated inflation, taxation and common stocks
Macroeconomic crisis and price distortions in Russia
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
Unemployment and inflation : the new economics of the wage-price spiral
The Kipper und Wipper inflation, 1619-23 : an economic history with contemporary German broadsheets
Culture and inflation in Weimar Germany
Capital account convertibility ; economic growth and inflation
For the past three years or so, Japan has pursued an economic policy named after Prime Minister Abe as abenomics, with the intention of putting the country back on a path of sustainable economic growth via expansionary monetary and fiscal policy and structural reforms. These goals have not yet been achieved, but there has already been some progress. For the time being, economic growth has been sluggish, but the deflationary trend has been halted and structural reforms have moved forward. The preconditions for success of the programme are in place..
The downfall of money : Germany's hyperinflation and the destruction of the middle class
The Death of Economics
The international transmission of inflation
Performance of inflation targeting based on constant interest rate projections
Asset allocation using inflation-linked government bonds
Inflation targets
