http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6225 philosophy of religion
philosophy of religion
Continental philosophy and philosophy of religion
The God delusion
God and Cosmos : moral truth and human meaning
A primer of Hinduism
God and timelessness
Christian discourses ; and, The crisis and a crisis in the life of an actress
Philosophy and development of religion. Vol. 1, Philosophy of religion
Philosophy and development of religion. Vol. 2, Origin and development of Christianity
The rationality of of belief in God
From the Ultimate God to the Virtual God: Post-Ontotheological Perspectives on the Divine in Heidegger, Badiou, and Meillassoux
Critique of religion and philosophy
An introduction to Indian thought
This very readable brief guide examines a wide range of spiritual writing that can be read for enjoyment or inspiration, including some books that come from beyond any religious tradition. While written from within the Christian tradition, and offering introductions to the writings of medieval mystics, Quakers and modern evangelists, both Protestant and Catholic, it also looks at classics of secular spirituality and writings from different religious traditions. Each book is explained to convey a brief idea of what each one has to offer the interested reader, while a 'Speed Read' for each book delivers a quick sense of what each writer is like to read and a highly compressed summary of the main points of the book in question. This is an excellent reference to dip into, but within sections such as Early Christian Classics, Secular Texts, Lives of Inspiration and Alternative Approaches, the books are arranged chronologically, revealing some interesting juxtapositions and connections between them.
Reasons and faiths : An Investigation of religious discourse, Christian and non-Christian
The notion of the highest good used to occupy a primary role in ethical theorising, but has largely disappeared from the contemporary landscape. The notion was central to both Aristotle's and Kant's ethical theories, however-a surprising observation given that their approaches to ethics are commonly conceived as being diametrically opposed. The essays in this collection provide a comprehensive treatment of the highest good in Aristotle and Kant and show that, even though there are important differences in terms of content, there are also important similarities in terms of the structural features of Aristotle's and Kant's value theories. By carefully analysing Aristotle's and Kant's theories of the highest good, a team of experts in the field shed light on their respective ethical theories and highlight the richness, complexity, and fruitfulness of the notion of the highest good.
God is watching you : how the fear of God makes us human
Belief or nonbelief? : a confrontation
Artifacts and supraphysical worlds : a conceptual analysis of religion
Belief : the Gifford lectures delivered at the university of Aberdeen in 1960
Faith and Creeds
The concept of peace : the Firth lectures, 1972
Imagine there's no heaven : how atheism helped create the modern world
Concerning the city of God against pagans
Resonances : neurobiology, evolution and theology : evolutionary niche construction, the ecological brain and relational-narrative theology
The perennial philosophy
Ideas that matter : a personal guide for the 21st century
The tragic sense of life in men and nations
The elements of pantheism : understanding the divinity in nature and the universe
Gravity and grace
The fifth dimension : an exploration of the spiritual realm
John Macmurray's Religious Philosophy : what it means to be a person
Religion for atheists : a non-believer's guide to the uses of religion
Hinduism and buddhism : an historical sketch : in three volumes. Volume III
The importance of religion : meaning and action in our strange world
The highest good in Aristotle and Kant
The Urantia book
Philosophical perspectives. 5, Philosophy of religion,1991
On the affinities between Hume and Kierkegaard
The need for roots : prelude to a declaraton of duties towards mankind
The many faces of religious truth : Hilary Putnam's pragmatic pluralism on religion
The concept of worship
How to be an agnostic
The plain sense of things : the fate of religion in the age of normal nihilism
Ricoeur on moral religion : a hermeneutics of ethical life
The last philosophy
Liberation of the soul
Classical and contemporary readings in the philosophy of religion
What is humanism? How do you live without a God? : and other big questions for kids
Modern problems and religion
Mere Christianity
The future of God : a practical approach to spirituality for our times
Why God won't go away : engaging with the new atheism
The Seer
The illustrated encyclopedia of Islam : a comprehensive guide to the history, philosophy and practice of Islam around the world
Philosophy of religion : the historic approaches
Arguments for the existence of God
The soul of a lion : Dietrich von Hildebrand : a biography
Purity of heart is to will one thing : spiritual preparation for the office of confession
Godless and free
Without authority
Studies in religious philosophy
Philosophy and the Christian faith
The Oxford Encyclopedia of Martin Luther
The varieties of transcendence : pragmatism and the theory of religion
William James on religion
Is There a God? offers a powerful response to modern doubts about the existence of God. It may seem today that the answers to all fundamental questions lie in the province of science, and that the scientific advances of the twentieth century leave little room for God. Cosmologists have rolled back their theories to the moment of the Big Bang, the discovery of DNA reveals the key to life, the theory of evolution explains the development of life...and with each new discovery or development, it seems that we are closer to a complete understanding of how things are. For many people, this gives strength to the belief that God is not needed to explain the universe; that religious belief is not based on reason; and that the existence of God is, intellectually, a lost cause. Richard Swinburne, one of the most distinguished philosophers of religion of our day, argues that on the contrary, science provides good grounds for belief in God. Why is there a universe at all ? Why is there any life on Earth? How is it that discoverable scientific laws operate in the universe? Professor Swinburne uses the methods of scientific reasoning to argue that the best answers to these questions are given by the existence of God. The picture of the universe that science gives us is completed by God. This new, updated edition of Richard Swinburne's popular introductory book Is There a God? features two substantial changes. He presents a new, stronger argument why theism does and materialism does not provide a very simple ultimate explanation of the world. And he examines the idea of the possible existence of many other universes, and its relevance to his arguments from the fine-tuning of our universe to the existence of God.
Dialogues concerning natural religion
Concepts of deity
God and the soul
I and thou
Heterodoxy, Spinozism, and free thought in early-eighteenth-century Europe : studies on the Traité des trois imposteurs
Spirit and reality
A philosophy of religion
Why I am not a Christian : four conclusive reasons to reject the faith
God without being : hors-texte
Dialectical Christianity and Christian materialism
On free choice of the will
God & philosophy
The problem of evil
The atheist's guide to Christmas
Portrait of Jacques Derrida as a young jewish saint
Recent dissatisfaction with individualism and the problems of religious pluralism make this an opportune time to reassess the way in which we define ourselves and conduct our relationships with others. The philosophical writings of John Macmurray are a useful resource for performing this examination, and recent interest in Macmurray's work has been growing steadily. A full-scale critical examination of Macmurray's religious philosophy has not been published and this work fills this gap, sharing his insistence that we define ourselves through action and through person-to-person relationships, while critiquing his account of the ensuing political and religious issues. The key themes in this work are the concept of the person and the ethics of personal relations.
Wittgenstein within the philosophy of religion
Philosophy of religion : a guide and anthology
Philosophical theology
Philosophy of religion : an anthology of contemporary views
Analogy : a study of qualification and argument in theology
Russian Christian social thought : a survey of basic sources
G. W. F. Hegel : theologian of the spirit
The sceptical approach to religion
A companion to philosophy of religion
Kant's Religion within the boundaries of mere reason : a critical guide
Kniga Iova = The Book of Job
Breaking the spell : religion as a natural phenomenon
Philosophy of religion : an anthology
The language of religion
Philosophy of religion : an introduction with readings
Wilderness wanderings : probing twentieth-century theology and philosophy
Reasonable faith
Dialogues in the philosophy of religion
The philosophy of personalism : a study in the metaphysics of religion
Encountering evil : live options in theodicy
Faith and philosophy
An idealist view of life
"What is a religious or spiritual delusion? What does religious delusion reveal about the difference between good and bad spirituality? What is the connection between religious delusion and moral failure? Or between religious delusion and religious terrorism? Or religious delusion and despair? The Abraham Dilemma: A Divine Delusion is the first book written by a philosopher on the topic of religious delusion -- on the disorder's causes, contents, consequences, diagnosis and treatment. The book argues that we cannot understand a religious delusion without appreciating three facts. One is that religiosity or spirituality is a part of human nature, whether it takes theistic or non-theistic forms. Another is that religious delusion is something to which we are all vulnerable. The third is that the delusion is not best understood by reducing it to brain chemistry, or by insisting that it is empirically false. It is best understood by examining its harmful personal and moral consequences -- consequences that nearly unfolded when the biblical patriarch Abraham prepared to sacrifice his son Isaac in response to a command, he thought, from God. The book presents a fascinating and profound exploration of a phenomenon as old as mankind itself."--
Lectures on ancient philosophy : an introduction to practical ideas
Kierkegaard and the theology of the nineteenth century : the paradox and the 'point of contact'
Religious imagination & the body : a feminist analysis
The vast amount of suffering in the world is often held as a particularly powerful reason to deny that God exists. Highly accessible and carefully argued, Peter van Inwagen's book maintains that such reasoning does not hold, and that suffering should not undermine belief in God. - ;It is generally supposed that the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering, much of it truly horrible suffering, confronts those who believe in an all-powerful and benevolent Creator with a serious problem: to explain why such a Creator would permit this. Many reflective people are convinced that the problem, the problem of evil, is insoluble. The reasons that underlie this conviction can be formulated as a powerful argument for the non-existence of God, the so-called argument from evil: If there were a God, he would not permit the existence of vast amounts of truly horrible suffering; since such suffering exists, there is no God. Peter van Inwagen examines this argument, which he regards as a paradigmatically philosophical argument. His conclusion is that (like most philosophical arguments) it is a failure. He seeks to demonstrate, not that God exists, but the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering does not show that God does not exist.
Modern faith and thought
Primary readings in philosophy for understanding theology
The varieties of religious experience : a study in human nature, being the Gifford lectures on natural religion delivered at Edinburgh in 1901-1902
The evolution of religion : the Gifford lectures delivered the university of St. Andrews in sessions 1890-91 and 1891-92. 1
The complete C.S. Lewis Signature classics
Waiting for Godot in Sarajevo : theological reflections on nihilism, tragedy and apocalypse
God in the act of reference : debating religious realism and non-realism
Philosophia Christi. Vol. 4 nr. 2
The evolution of religion : the Gifford lectures delivered the university of St. Andrews in sessions 1890-91 and 1891-92. 2
An atheist's history of belief : understanding our most extraordinary invention
The delights of wisdom concerning Conjugial love : after w hich follows The pleasures of insanity concerning Scortatory love
Talk of God
Is there a God
A theology of alterity : Levinas, Von Balthasar, and Trinitarian praxis
Detailed Contents; Lecture 1. The Problem of Evil and the Argument from Evil; Lecture 2. The Idea of God; Lecture 3. Philosophical Failure; Lecture 4. The Global Argument from Evil; Lecture 5. The Global Argument Continued; Lecture 6. The Local Argument from Evil; Lecture 7. The Sufferings of Beasts; Lecture 8. The Hiddenness of God; Notes; Works Cited; Index.
Dynamics of faith
Religion : the classical theories
Is God real?
Imam Ghazzali's Ihya ulum-din : (the book of religious learnings)
Value and reality : the philosophical case for theism
Religion and moral reason : a new method for comparative study
Hinduism and buddhism : an historical sketch : in three volumes. Volume II
Avicenna on theology
Philosophical and religious issues : classical and contemporary statements
Where resident aliens live : exercises for Christian practice
Culture and the death of God
THE GOSPEL ACCORDING TO THE SIMPSONS : THE SPIRITUAL LIFE OF THE WORLD'S MOST ANIMATED FAMILY
Naturalism and beyond : religious naturalism and its alternatives
Markus Mühling presents an epistemological theory of revelation as perception and a relational-narrative theological ontology based on the concept of dramatic coherence, in which the triune life is understood not as an anomaly within ontology, but rather as the decisive condition of its possibility. Mühling further demonstrates that potential for resolving certain theological problems arises if new insights from the natural sciences, such as the theory of the ecological brain in the neurosciences and the theory of niche-construction in evolutionary theory, are taken into account. Similarly, he also proposes that neuroscience and evolutionary biology can procure advantages from a dialogue with theology.
Readings from Friedrich von Hügel : with an introductory essay on his philosophy of religion
Conflict between tradition and creativity in Indian philosophy : text and context
The God argument : the case against religion and for humanism
Why there almost certainly is a God : Doubting Dawkins
Religion without transcendence?
God's message to the world : you've got me all wrong
Reflections on Jesus and Socrates : word and silence
Science & belief : the big issues
Vekhi = Landmarks : a collection of articles about the Russian intelligentsia
"This study shows how Kierkegaard's mature theological writings reflect his engagement with the wide range of theological positions which he encountered as a student, including German and Danish Romanticism, Hegelianism and the writings of Fichte and Schleiermacher. George Pattison draws on both major and lesser-known works to show the complexity and nuances of Kierkegaard's theological position, which remained closer to Schleiermacher's affirmation of religion as a 'feeling of absolute dependence' than to the Barthian denial of any 'point of contact', with which he is often associated. Pattison also explores ways in which Kierkegaard's theological thought can be related to thinkers such as Heidegger and John Henry Newman, and its continuing relevance to present-day debates about secular faith. His volume will be of great interest to scholars and students of philosophy and theology"--
"Strives to radically utilize Emmanuel Levinas's philosophical framework, bringing it into conversation with the theology of Hans Urs von Balthasar, to construct a post-ontotheological account of theology that unites theory and praxis. By allowing Levinas's Judaism to challenge von Balthasar's Catholicism, Glenn Morrison develops a perspective that is both theologically rich and philosophically provocative"--Provided by publisher.
Oppositions of religious doctrines : a study in the logic of dialogue among religions
One true life : the Stoics and early Christians as rival traditions
Philosophy, religion and the spiritual life
The Garland letters : studies in the Mantra-Sā́stra
Mastering philosophy
Reasons and faiths : an investigation of religious discourse, Christian and non-Christian
For God's sake : religion, atheism and why I gave them up
The possibility of Christian philosophy : Maurice Blondel at the intersection of theology and philosophy
Reason, truth and God
Faith and understanding I
The reality and spirituality of life in the universe
Great thinkers on great questions
Natural grace : dialogues on science & spirituality
The garland of letters : studies in the Mantra-Sā́stra
Dead white guys : a father, his daughter and the great books of the Western World
The Wisdom of Laotse
The will to believe and other essays in popular philosophy, and Human immortality
Meaning and truth in religion
A history of Christian thought : from its Judaic and Hellenistic origins to existentialism
Science and the sacred
Eclipse of God : studies in the relation between religion and philosophy
A philosophical anthropology of the cross : the cruciform self
Hume on natural religion
The Akan doctrine of God : a fragment of Gold Coast ethics and religion
Stages on life's way
Philosophy of religion
Philosophia christi
A brief history of death
History of Russian philosophy
This book offers a critical analysis of the varieties of contemporary naturalism - from scientific naturalism to religious naturalism. What are the claims of naturalism apart from its denial of 'the supernatural'? What are the distinctive modes of thought within contemporary religious naturalism? Some argue for a science-based worldview, others for a cosmic view of reality that includes human engagement and religious commitment - with or without God-talk. The book shows how an appeal to what is beyond empirically validated facts resurfaces within most varieties of naturalism. But it also points to the fact that immanentist frameworks are widely presupposed among contemporary theologians who do not describe themselves as 'naturalists'. Rival positions and conflicts of interpretations emerge as to the question of transcendence and the Beyond, and different philosophical theologies are at work - from the strict denial of theism to ground-of-being-theisms to classic and alternative views of the divine.
The most comprehensive text in its field, this anthology includes 74 articles in 9 areas of philosophy of religion: The Concept of God; Traditional Arguments for the Existence of God; Religious Experience; The Problem of Evil; Miracles, Death and Immortality; Faith and Reason; Science, Religion, and Evolution; and Religious Pluralism. The arrangement of the articles and the introductions which accompany them help place the readings in their historical or contemporary context, and ensure that you encounter a spectrum of viewpoints.
The will to believe and other essays in popular philosophy ; Human immortality : two supposed objections to the doctrine
A sense of the Divine : the natural environment from a theocentric perspective
God, suffering and solipsism
The will to believe and other essays in popular philosophy
Hinduism and buddhism
Third Jesus : how to find truth and love in today's world
God and the universe of faiths
Pragmatism, neo-pragmatism, and religion : conversations with Richard Rorty
Bhagavad gita : the song celestial
The dynamics of religion : meaning and change in religious traditions
Eight prominent philosophers and theologians confront the problems posed by natural and human evil for theistic belief. Each thinker sets out his or her theodicy and its connections to current social and philosophical debates. The other contributors then offer critiques of each theodicy, to which its author subsequently responds. The result is a valuable introduction to philosophical and theological perspectives on contemporary evil and to the nature of discourse in the philosophy of religion.
Pascal and the mystical tradition
The origins of pagan and Christian beliefs
Fear and trembling : dialectical lyric by Johannes De Silentio
Practical philosophy and modernity : a study on the formation of Hegel's thought
Between man and man
After buddhism : rethinking the dharma for a secular age
The religious affections
