http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6236 tolerance (mental)
tolerance (mental)
Ambivalent desire : the exotic Black other in jazz-age France
Toleration : philosophy and practice
Trust and toleration
Are we all postracial yet?
Active citizenship : a teaching toolkit
The politics of aesthetics : the distribution of the sensible
Understanding the psychology of diversity
John Locke on toleration and the unity of God
Huguenots and Camisards as aliens in France, 1598-1789 : the struggle for religious toleration
Theology, political theory, and pluralism : beyond tolerance and difference
The twilight of Britain : cultural nationalism, multiculturalism, and the politics of toleration
Islam and nonviolence
The politics of toleration : tolerance and intolerance in modern life
Imagination, understanding, and the virtue of liberality
A wider vision : a history of the World Congress of Faiths 1936-1996
"When groups feature in political philosophy, it is usually in one of three contexts: the redressing of past or current injustices suffered by ethnic or cultural minorities; the nature and scope of group rights; and questions around how institutions are supposed to treat a certain specific identity/cultural/ethnic group. What is missing from these debates is a comprehensive analysis of groups as both agents and objects of social policies. While this has been subject to much scrutiny by sociologists and social psychologists, it has received less attention from a normative and philosophical point of view. This volume asks: what problems are posed to political philosophy by a collection of individuals who act or are treated in a collective way? Focusing not only on ways in which institutions should treat groups, but also on the normative implications of considering groups as possible social agents, when acting either in vertical relations with the state or in horizontal relations with other groups (or individuals), this book explores these issues from both theoretical and practical perspectives. Contributors address both the nature of political and social philosophy itself, and the ways in which specific issues--affirmative action, race, religion and places of worship, the rights of states--have become political and social priorities"--
Religions and Tolerance : 6th Symposium of the series "The East - The West" : 08.-09.05.2000
Ideas of religious toleration at the time of Joseph II; a study of the enlightenment among Catholics in Austria
The Conversos and Moriscos in early modern Spain and beyond. v. 1 / Departures and changes
Neue Herausforderungen für den interreligiösen Dialog = New challenges for interfaith dialogue = Défis nouveaux pour le dialogue interreligieux = Nuevos desafíos para el diálogo interreligioso
Pragmatic toleration : the politics of religious heterodoxy in early Reformation Antwerp, 1515-1555
Toleration and the limits of liberalism
How the idea of religious toleration came to the West
Toleration and its limits
Multicultural sports in Finland : a case study : Finnish Multicultural Sports Federation (FIMU ry.)
Far from the tree : parents, children and the search for identity
Tolerance and intolerance in the European reformation
Equality stories : recognition, respect and raising achievement
"Why was it that whenever the Tudor-Stuart regime most loudly trumpeted its moderation, that regime was at its most vicious? This groundbreaking book argues that the ideal of moderation, so central to English history and identity, functioned as a tool of social, religious and political power. Thus The Rule of Moderation rewrites the history of early modern England, showing that many of its key developments - the via media of Anglicanism, political liberty, the development of empire and even religious toleration - were defined and defended as instances of coercive moderation, producing the 'middle way' through the forcible restraint of apparently dangerous excesses in Church, state and society. By showing that the quintessentially English quality of moderation was at heart an ideology of control, Ethan Shagan illuminates the subtle violence of English history and explains how, paradoxically, England came to represent reason, civility and moderation to a world it slowly conquered"--Provided by publisher.
A letter concerning toleration
The meeting of civilizations : conflict or dialogue?
Religion and the politics of tolerance : how Christianity builds democracy
Why I am a Muslim : an American odyssey
The pretenses of loyalty : Locke, liberal theory, and American political theology
The intolerance of tolerance
The atlas of world religions
Toleration
Citizenship and conscience : a study in the theory and practice of religious toleration in England during the eighteenth century
Liberalism, multiculturalism and toleration
Cultures of peace: from words to deeds : the Espoo seminar proceedings 13-14 June 2003
Race, religion and late democracy
Ethical liberalism in contemporary societies
The republic unsettled : Muslim French and the contradictions of secularism
Justifying toleration : conceptual and historical perspectives
Indulgences in late medieval England : passports to paradise?
Toleration : a critical introduction
Natural law and toleration in the early Enlightenment
When tolerance is too much to ask
I am right, you are wrong : from this to the new reneissance: from rock logic to water logic
Great books of the Western World. 35, A letter concerning toleration; Concerning civil government, second essay; An essay concerning human understanding / by John Locke -- The principles of human knowledge / by George Berkeley -- An enquiry concerning human understanding / by David Hume
The principles of toleration
Promissory notes on the treasury of merits : indulgences in late medieval Europe
Education for intercultural understanding : the "European Youth Academy" handbook
The religious dimension of intercultural education : contributions to a contextual understanding
Tolerance and the ethical life
After terror : promoting dialogue among civilizations
Communicating prejudice
Toleration and religious identity : the Edict of Nantes and its implications in France, Britain and Ireland
Cultural pluralism and dilemmas of justice
The new religious intolerance : overcoming the politics of fear in an anxious age
Religious toleration : "the variety of rites" from Cyrus to Defoe
Aspects of toleration : philosophical studies
A philosophical commentary on these words of the Gospel, Luke 14.23 : "Compel them to come in, that My house may be full"
Burning to read : English fundamentalism and its Reformation opponents
Pooh and the psychologists
New Netherland and the Dutch origins of American religious liberty
On tolerance : a defence of moral independence
Globalisation hatred : the new antisemitism
Romanticism and religion from William Cowper to Wallace Stevens
The pirates next door : starring the Jolley-Rogers
Toleration in Enlightenment Europe
Philosophy bites back
Shakespeare and tolerance
Regulating religion : case studies from around the world
Bridging cultural conflicts : a new approach for a changing world
"This book began as an attempt to answer a deceptively simple question: why was it that whenever the Tudor-Stuart regime most loudly trumpeted its moderation, that regime was at its most vicious? The question had first occurred to me in the context of Henry VIII's remarkable, simultaneous execution of three Catholics and three Protestants in July 1540 as a (literally) flamboyant statement of the Church of England's moderation. But over years of teaching English history, I found that the question seemed to recur in a wide variety of contexts: the claim to punish religious dissidents for their conduct but not to make windows into men's souls; the use of writs of the peace to enforce order and punish offenders without resorting to the courts; claims for the moderation of the English empire compared to the excesses of New Spain; laws promoting religious toleration that established new penalties for blasphemy. The common thread running through these examples was that they were all cases where power was authorised and even amplified by its limitation. My deceptively simple question, I realised, led deep into the ideological heart of early modern England. My first answer to this question was that moderation was an intrinsically relational and comparative ethical framework, so that every claim to the moderate centre involved the construction and vilification of extremists on the margins"--Provided by publisher.
The Freedom Writers diary : how a teacher and 150 teens used writing to change themselves and the world around them
The religious dimension of intercultural education : conference proceedings, Oslo, Norway, 6 to 8 June 2004.
Religious education politics, the state, and society
Religion, state, and society : Jefferson's wall of separation in comparative perspective
The reception of Erasmus in the early modern period
Conflict and reconciliation : perspectives on Nicolas of Cusa
Tolerance and curriculum : conceptions of tolerance in the multicultural unitary Norwegian compulsory school
Valentin Weigel (1533-1588) : German religious dissenter, speculative theorist and advocate of tolerance
Truth and tolerance : Christian belief and world religions
Non-Muslims in Muslim majority societies : with focus on the Middle East and Pakistan
Redeeming the Enlightenment : Christianity and the liberal virtues
Difference and dissent : theories of toleration in medieval and early modern Europe
Christianity, tolerance and pluralism : a theological engagement with Isaiah Berlin's social theory
Christians and the state : the place of religious freedom and the law
Religion, toleration, and British writing, 1790-1830
Connecting kids : exploring diversity together
The tyranny of silence : how one cartoon ignited a global debate on the future of free speech
Tolerance : between forbearance and acceptance
Barbeyrac on toleration
Tolerance for the ethnic identity of minority members
The conquerors
Let's get this straight : the ultimate handbook for youth with LGBTQ parents
Intolerance and self-deciption : an epistemological study = Neiecietība un pas̆apmāns : epistemolog̉iska skice
Thomas Jefferson's Qur'an : Islam and the founders
Philosophy in youth and community work
The Conversos and Moriscos in early modern Spain and beyond. v. 2 / The Morisco issue
Carson traces the subtle but enormous shift in the way we have come to understand tolerance over recent years--from defending the rights of those who hold different beliefs to affirming all beliefs as equally valid and correct. He looks back at the history of this shift and discusses its implications for culture today, especially its bearing on democracy, discussions about good and evil, and Christian truth claims. --from publisher description.
Liberty and concord in the United Provinces : religious toleration and the public in the eighteenth-century Netherlands
Worlds of difference : European discourses of toleration, c. 1100-c. 1550
Religious tolerance through humility : thinking with Philip Quinn
Locke, Spinoza and the philosophical debate concerning toleration in the early enlightenment (c. 1670-c. 1750)
Limits of European tolerance
We invoke the ideal of tolerance in response to conflict, but what does it mean to answer conflict with a call for tolerance? Is tolerance a way of resolving conflicts or a means of sustaining them? Does it transform conflicts into productive tensions, or does it perpetuate underlying power relations? To what extent does tolerance hide its involvement with power and act as a form of depoliticization? Wendy Brown and Rainer Forst debate the uses and misuses of tolerance, an exchange that highlights the fundamental differences in their critical practice despite a number of political similarities. Both scholars address the normative premises, limits, and political implications of various conceptions of tolerance. Brown offers a genealogical critique of contemporary discourses on tolerance in Western liberal societies, focusing on their inherent ties to colonialism and imperialism, and Forst reconstructs an intellectual history of tolerance that attempts to redeem its political virtue in democratic societies. Brown and Forst work from different perspectives and traditions, yet they each remain wary of the subjection and abnegation embodied in toleration discourses, among other issues. The result is a dialogue rich in critical and conceptual reflections on power, justice, discourse, rationality, and identity.
Peace, integration & human rights
The Book of Forgiving : the fourfold path for healing ourselves and our world
Negotiating differences : word, image and religion in the Dutch Republic
Why tolerate religion?
Universalism and diversity : irreconcilable concepts? : lessons from a Nordic welfare state
This book provides a sustained, critical and theological engagement with arguably the most crucial aspect of contemporary society - its diversity. The author finds in the social theory of Isaiah Berlin a number of fruitful ways to reframe the debate over these questions, and to contribute to a more positive conversation regarding our fundamental differences. The book focuses particularly on Berlin's critique of monism and idealistic utopianism, arguing that pluralism does not represent a failure in the nature of human society, but a superabundance of possibilities in a created world grounded in the character of God. Bringing Berlin's thought into conversation with other social theorists, philosophers and Christian theologians, the book provides leaders and members of faith communities with a viable model to move beyond tolerance as mere forbearance to a grace which consists of respect and radical acceptance of others.
Milton and toleration
Amsterdam : a history of the world's most liberal city
All different - all equal : European youth campaign against racism, xenophobia, anti-semitism and intolerance. Education pack : ideas, resources, methods and activities for informal intercultural education with young people and adults
The rule of moderation : violence, religion and the politics of restraint in early modern England
Tolerance - the threshold of peace. Unit 1, Teacher-training resource unit
The power of tolerance : a debate
The end of tolerance?
Scepticism and broad-mindedness in  talk of paedophilia
Faith in nation : exclusionary origins of nationalism
The rights of God : Islam, human rights, and comparative ethics
An elephant in the room : an equality and diversity training manual
Bosnia the good : tolerance and tradition
Beyond the persecuting society : religious toleration before the Enlightenment
Religious tolerance in world religions
Exploring multicultural belonging : individual across cultures, languages and places
The state's religious education policies are part of the public negotiation of the role of religion in society. During the second half of the twentieth century, the state's education policy has been increasingly influential in the realm of religious education in schools. This development is instructive for the social analysis of religion in contemporary societies for two reasons: First, it offers insights into the politics of religion, and second, it reveals that the state's decisions on school politics touch on religious issues. The authors of this volume analyse the social significance of the state's activities concerning school religious education classes. The contributions deal with case studies from Armenia, Denmark, Germany, France, Italy, Iran, Canada, Sweden, Switzerland and Turkey. The authors scrutinise three aspects of the state's politics: First, the role of the state's politics of religion; second, the attitude and reaction of religious communities towards the state's policies; and third, the influence of public religion-and-state discourses on the religious education politics. --Publisher's description.
Extended contact through peer modelling to promote tolerance in Finland
The dignity of difference : how to avoid the clash of civilizations
The two faces of liberalism
Conversations with God : an uncommon dialogue. Book 1 : guidebook
On the boundaries of theological tolerance in Islam : Abū Ḥāmid al-Ghāzalī's Fayṣal al-Tafriqa bayna al-Islām wa al-Zandaqa
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
Unlearning discrimination in the early yers
This book traces the growth of philosophical justifications of toleration. The contributors discuss the grounds on which we may be required to be tolerant and the proper limits of toleration. They consider the historical and conceptual relation between toleration and scepticism and ask whether toleration is justified by considerations of autonomy or of prudence. The papers cover a range of perspectives on the subject, including Marxist and Socialist as well as liberal views. The editor's introduction prepares the ground by discussing the essential features of the subject and offers a lucid survey of the theories and arguments put forward in the book. The collection arises out of the Morrell Toleration Project at the University of York and all the papers were written as contributions to that project. The discussion will be of interest to specialists in philosophy, in political and social theory and in intellectual history.
On toleration
Forgiveness and other acts of love
Judaism and other religions : models of understanding
How groups matter : challenges of toleration in pluralistic societies
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Regulating aversion : tolerance in the age of identity and empire
IN THE FACE OF ONGOING RELIGIOUS CONFLICTS AND UNENDING CULTURE WARS, what are we to make of liberalism's promise that it alone can arbitrate between church and state? In this wide-ranging study, John Perry examines the roots of our thinking on religion and politics, placing the early-modern founders of liberalism in conversation with today's theologians and political philosophers. From the story of Antigone to debates about homosexuality and bans on religious attire, it is clear that liberalism's promise to solve all theopolitical conflict is a false hope. The philosophy connecting John Locke to John Rawls seeks a world free of tragic dilemmas, where there can be no Antigones. Perry rejects this as an illusion. Disputes like the culture wars cannot be adequately comprehended as border encroachments presided over by an impartial judge. Instead, theopolitical conflict must be considered a contest of loyalties within each citizen and believer. Drawing on critics of Rawls ranging from Michael Sandel to Stanley Hauerwas, Perry identifies what he calls a "turn to loyalty" by those who recognize the inadequacy of our usual thinking on the public place of religion. The Pretenses of Loyalty offers groundbreaking analysis of the overlooked early work of Locke, where liberalism's founder himself opposed toleration. Perry discovers that Locke made a turn to loyalty analogous to that of today's communitarian critics. Liberal toleration is thus more sophisticated, more theologically subtle, and ultimately more problematic than has been supposed. It demands not only governmental neutrality (as Rawls believed) but also a reworked political theology. Yet this must remain under suspicion for Christians because it places religion in the service of the state. Perry concludes by suggesting where we might turn next, looking beyond our usual boundaries to possibilities obscured by the liberalism we have inherited.
Conditioning tolerance? : a study of tolerance in the culture of sports
Inclusion, equality & diversity in working with children
Tolerance and coexistence in early modern Spain : old Christians and Moriscos in the Campo de Calatrava
Monotheism and tolerance : recovering a religion of reason
The influence of perceived social norm of cultural tolerance on attitudes towards immigrants and immigration among Finnish majority youth
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the world peace. Angry, reactionary voices distort the peaceful message of Islam and present it as a violent ideology that calls for indiscriminate killings and suicidal terrorism. Such voices are denying the possibility of a harmonious coexistence between Muslims and non-Muslims. Under such circumstances there is an urgent need for the authentic voices of Islamic scholarship to reassert the normative, mainstream teachings of Islam. Voices backed by 1400 years of scholarship that represent the creed of the overwhelming majority of the Muslim World. The Islamic Curriculum on Peace and Counter-Terrorism aims to provide resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narrative. This timely collection consists of three lectures delivered by the world renowned authority, Shaykh-ul-Islam Dr. Tahir ul-Qadri who has published over 450 books and delivered over 5500 lectures to date.
Reflections from the USA : the tensions in teacher education and multicultural education
Imperfection and impartiality : a liberal theory of social justice
On justifying civil action = Pamatojot pilsonisko aktivitāti
Calvinism and religious toleration in the Dutch Golden Age
On formal vs. realistic right of exit and voice
Dialogue for the future : Youth Gathering, 25-30th of April 1997 in Turku, Finland
Paradoxes of religious toleration in early modern political thought
The many faces of tolerance : attitudes towards diversity in Poland
