http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6235 liberalism (mental properties)
liberalism (mental properties)
Tourists know Amsterdam as a picturesque city of low-slung brick houses lining tidy canals; student travelers know it for its legal brothels and hash bars; art lovers know it for Rembrandt's glorious portraits. But the deeper history of Amsterdam, what makes it one of the most fascinating places on earth, is bound up in its unique geography--the constant battle of its citizens to keep the sea at bay--and the democratic philosophy that this enduring struggle fostered. Amsterdam is the font of liberalism, in both its senses. Tolerance for free thinking and free love make it a place where, in the words of one of its mayors, "craziness is a value." But the city also fostered the deeper meaning of liberalism, one that profoundly influenced America: political and economic freedom. Amsterdam was home not only to religious dissidents and radical thinkers but to the world's first great global corporation. In this effortlessly erudite account, Russell Shorto traces the idiosyncratic evolution of Amsterdam, showing how such disparate elements as herring anatomy, naked Anabaptists parading through the streets, and an intimate gathering in a sixteenth century wine tasting room had a profound effect on Dutch--and world--history. Weaving in his own experiences of his adopted home, Shorto provides an ever surprising, intellectually engaging story of Amsterdam from the building of its first canals in the 1300s, through its brutal struggle for independence and its golden age as a vast empire, to its complex present in which its cherished ideals of liberalism are being questioned anew.
Nordic lights : education for nation and civic society in the Nordic countries, 1850-2000
Aspects of toleration : philosophical studies
Anarchist seeds beneath the snow : left-libertarian thought and British writers from William Morris to Colin Ward
Vanishing sensibilities examines once passionate cultural concerns that shaped music of Schubert, Beethoven, Schumann, and works of their contemporaries in drama or poetry. Music, especially music with text, was a powerful force in lively ongoing conversations about the nature of liberty, which included such topics as the role of consent in marriage, same-sex relationships, freedom of the press, and the freedom to worship (or not). Among the most common vehicles for stimulating debate about pressing social concerns were the genres of historical drama, and legend or myth, whose stories became inflected in fascinating ways during the Age of Metternich. Interior and imagined worlds, memories and fantasies, were called up in purely instrumental music, and music was privately celebrated for its ability to circumvent the restrictions that were choking the verbal arts.
Libertinage in Russian culture and literature : a bio-history of sexualities at the threshold of modernity
Relations between the Finnish resistance movement and the Russian liberals 1899-1904
The culture wars of the late Renaissance : skeptics, libertines, and opera
Summary: "The necessity for the Lending Library" : the introduction of the modern "desire to read" into Finland and the institutions of reading.
Beyond all reason : living with ideology in the university
Examines heroines appearing in literature by John Dryden, Aphra Behn, Catharine Trotter, Delariviere Manley, and Daniel Defoe. This title places the female libertine within her cultural, philosophical, and literary contexts and suggests fresh ways of considering women's participation and the early novel.
Liberal faith in a divided church
Barbeyrac on toleration
The empire of love : toward a theory of intimacy, genealogy, and carnality
Why are professors liberal and why do conservatives care?
Amsterdam : a history of the world's most liberal city
Human development report 2004 : cultural liberty in today's diverse world
Cities and the creative class
Under the olive tree : reconsidering Mediterranean politics and culture
Liberal multiculturalism group membership and distribution of cultural policies
Dangerous women, libertine epicures, and the rise of sensibility, 1670-1730
