http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6239 metabolic disorders
metabolic disorders
Aspartylglucosaminuria : molecular pathogenesis and in vitro correction of the enzyme defect
Studies on gyrate atrophy of choroid and retina with hyperornithinemia : with special reference to skeletal muscle and creatine
Abstract.
Liver function and morphology associated with fatty liver and ketosis in dairy cows
Hyperketonaemia  risk lower in organic cows housed in free stalls
Metabolic disorders and their prevention in farm animals
Diabetes &  the metabolic syndrome : eating for prevention and treatment
Markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in metabolic syndrome and erectile dysfunction : arterial elasticity, oxidized LDL, fibrinogen and resting heart rate
Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG (ATCC 53103) and platelet aggregation in vitro
Ketosis in dairy cows with special reference to field conditions
The neurohypophysis and water regulation
Comparative animal nutrition and metabolism
Metabolic disorders in farm animals : proceedings of the IVth International Conference on Production Disease in Farm Animals, München, Germany, October 1980
Clinical studies in medical biochemistry
The metabolic syndrome X : convergence of insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, hypertension, obesity, and dyslipidemias - searching for the underlying defects
Neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinosis - late-infantile or Jansky-Bielschowsky type - revisited
Effects of weight loss on adipose tissue, liver and heart metabolism in humans : studies with PET, MRI and MRS
Mechanisms and causes of abnormal carbohydrate metabolism during experimental and natural infections
Anesthesia for genetic, metabolic, and dysmorphic syndromes of childhood
Advances in fluid and electrolyte disorders
The sugar detox plan : the essential 3-step plan for breaking your sugar habit
Adaptations in body composition, metabolic health and physical fitness during strength or endurance training or their combination in healthy middle-aged and older adults
Tracing and treating mineral disorders in dairy cattle
Burger's medicinal chemistry, drug discovery and development. Vol. 4, Cardiovascular, endocrine and metabolic diseases
Hyperandrogenism, menstrual irregularities and polycystic ovary syndrome : impact on female reproductive and metabolic health from early adulthood until menopause
Inborn metabolic diseases : diagnosis and treatment
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The prevalence and histopathology of endocrinopathic laminitis in horses
Biochemical changes in inborn and acquired errors of metabolism
Metabolism and disease
Industrial development in Alaska and its effects on the nutrional and physiological status of arctic animals, for the period: July 1975-June 1976
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar - your brain’s silent killers
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar--your brain's silent killers
Planning of the study on lactose malabsorption among Lapps
Mechanisms of adenine nucleotide depletion from cells exposed to extracellular reactive oxygen metabolites
Androgen secretion and cardiovascular risk factors in women with and without PCOS : studies on age-related changes and medical intervention
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Modelling metabolic disorders : multiplexin collagens in bone remodelling, and lipid and energy metabolism
Master your metabolism : the 3 diet secrets to naturally balancing your hormones for a hot and healthy body!
Endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases : a compilation of paintings on the anatomy and pathophysiology
Long-term leisure-time physical activity vs. inactivity, physical fitness, body composition and metabolic health characteristics : a co-twin control study
Vitamins in animal and human nutrition
Laboratory diagnostics of dyslipidemia : from cholesterol to apolipoproteins
No thanks, I'm allergic
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Introduction to nutrition and metabolism
Medical-surgical nursing : assessment and management of clinical problems
Lipids and syndromes of insulin resistance : from molecular biology to clinical medicine
Fluid, electrolyte, and acid-base disorders in small animal practice
Plans of the study of lactose malabsorbtion among Lapps
Mitochondrial helicase Twinkle in mtDNA copy number regulation and a late-onset disease model
Canine and feline obesity. 2.
Glucose metabolism in preclinical type 1 diabetes
Hypoparathyroidism and mineral homeostasis
NMR spectroscopic applications to biomedicine
Clinical biochemistry and metabolic medicine
Endogenous sex hormones and lipoproteins in healthy men and in men with coronary heart disease
Vitamin D and rickets
Structural modified food fats : synthesis, biochemistry, and use
Childhood autism : aspects of growth factors and monoaminergic transporters in etiopathogenesis
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations. Vol. 4, A compilation of paintings on the anatomy and pathophysiology of the endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases
Body composition and molecular reflections of obesity-related cardio-metabolic disorders : a cross-sectional and longitudinal study in women
Self-assessment colour review of small animal abdominal and metabolic disorders
Industrial development in Alaska and its effects on the nutrional and physiological status of arctic animals, for the period: July 1976 - September 1977
Wilson's disease
Gut microbiota and metabolic disorders
Metabolism and nutrition
Cardiovascular abnormalities in adult patients with the 3243A>G mutation in mitochondrial DNA
Calcium and bone disorders in children and adolescents
Acute overeating with cereals in ruminants : varioius aspects of the disease resulting from the consumption of excessive amounts of carbohydrate-rich feeds, including studies of lactic acid and thiamine metabolism
Lipotoxicity in obesity and coronary artery disease : studies by PET, CT and MR
Using a quick-reference, encyclopedic format, Anesthesia for Genetic, Metabolic, and Dysmorphic Syndromes of Childhood, 3rd Edition, presents the anesthetic implications of a plethora of distinct syndromes, with up-to-date information, complete and current bibliographies, and more than 140 clinical photographs. You willl find practical information on common and uncommon manifestations in the major anatomic areas, as well as what you need to know for safe and effective anesthesia of both children and adults.
PET and MR imaging in Parkinson's disease patients with cognitive impairment : a study of dopaminergic dysfunction, amyloid deposition, cortical hypometabolism and brain atrophy
Bovine Ketosis bei Milchkühen mit hoher Leistung = Ketosis in high-yielding dairy cows
Lactose malabsorption in Finnish Lapps
Characterization of the MODY3 phenotype : early-onset diabetes caused by an insulin secretion defect : [rapid publication]
Medical biochemistry : human metabolism in health and disease
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar : your brain's silent killers
Severe hyperprostaglandin E syndrome with hyperthyroidism : studies of pathogenetic mechanisms
The metabolic syndrome : epidemiology, clinical treatment, and underlying mechanisms
Prognosis of acute porphyrias and molecular genetics of acute intermittent porphyria in Finland
Primer on the metabolic bone diseases and disorders of mineral metabolism. : editor-in-chief, Clifford J. Rosen ; senior associate editors, Juliet E. Compston, Jane B. Lian ; associate editors, Roger Bouillon ... [et al.]
Type 1 diabetes is considered to be a T cell-mediated autoimmune disease characterized by destruction of the pancreatic beta cells. Its prediction is currently based on diabetes-associated autoantibodies, giving a cumulative risk of 84% during 15 years of follow-up since seroconversion. Prediction of the timing of clinical onset has remained challenging, however. This thesis examines glucose metabolism in autoantibody-positive children with a high risk of developing type 1 diabetes. Out of a total of 14,876 children with an increased genetic risk followed up from birth in the Finnish DIPP study, 567 developed ≥2 autoantibodies during the follow-up and 255 of these (45%) were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes until the end of December 2011. The glucose parameters measured were HbA1c, OGTT and random plasma glucose with 3 to 12 months interval. Seven-day continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) was performed on an age and sex-matched cohort. We showed that rising HbA1c, impaired glucose tolerance in OGTT, random plasma glucose values of ≥7.8mmol/l and potentially CGM can predict type 1 diabetes with a median time to diagnosis of approximately one year. Our results suggest that especially HbA1c and random plasma glucose are cost-effective and improve the prediction of diabetes. These markers may be useful for monitoring the response to treatment in prevention studies.
Clinical chemistry
Lactose malabsorption in Finnish Lapps: preliminary report
Search for genetic variants conferring susceptibility to obesity and related metabolic traits
The blood code : unlock the secrets of your metabolism
Studies on nutritional muscular degeneration (NMD) in ruminants
Mulibrey nanism : clinical characteristics and pathophysiologic features of growth restriction, insulin resistance and tumour development
Clinicopathological and ophthalmic features of long-chain 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
Metabolic response to injury and its modification with amino acids using coronary artery bypass surgery and subarachnoidal hemorrhage as standard trauma
Lysosomal disorders of the brain : recent advances in molecular and cellular pathogenesis and treatment
Human 1-aspartamido-beta-N-acetylglucosamine amidohydrolase : purification, partial characterization and relationship to aspartylglucosaminuria
Metabolic and nutritional diseases of cattle
Developmental neuropathology
Clinical exercise physiology
Population attributable fraction (PAF) in epidemiologic follow-up studies
Inactivity is an independent health risk : objectively measured muscle activity and inactivity during normal daily life of ordinary people
The CIBA collection of medical illustrations. Vol. 4, A compilation of paintings on the anatomy and pathophysiology of the endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases
The occurrence and prevention of the M74 syndrome, a thiamine deficiency disease in Baltic salmon
The metabolism miracle : 3 easy steps to regain control of your weight... permanently
Summary.
Haem arginate : a new haem compound for acute porphyrias
Hyperketonaemia 3-5 weeks post partum in organic and conventional dairy herds
Molecular genetics of acute intermittent porphyria in Finland
Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder of women of reproductive age, affecting 5–18% of them. Menstrual irregularities, hyperandrogenemia and obesity are key features in PCOS and they are suggested to be the most important metabolic risks linked to PCOS, but their respective roles are still under debate. Anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) is involved in sexual differentiation and follicle growth and its level is increased in women with PCOS.The aims of this project were to clarify the significance of menstrual irregularities, hyperandrogenemia and serum levels of AMH in adolescence as predictive factors of the syndrome and to investigate the respective roles of obesity and hyperandrogenism as metabolic risk factors in women with PCOS from adolescence to late adulthood.The study populations were the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986 (N=3373 women) and a Nordic population including 1553 women with PCOS and 448 controls.At the age of 16 years, women with menstrual irregularities were more hyperandrogenic compared with women with normal menstrual cycles. Serum AMH levels correlated positively with those of testosterone at this age. They were higher in adolescents with menstrual irregularities compared with those with regular cycles and in women with hirsutism or PCOS at the age of 26 years. However, AMH was not a good marker of metabolic abnormalities in adolescence or a reliable tool to predict PCOS in later life. Androgen levels were higher in women with PCOS throughout life compared with controls. The parameters that best predicted PCOS at all ages were the free androgen index, and androstenedione. Women with PCOS exhibited increased abdominal obesity, altered insulin metabolism, worse lipid profiles and higher blood pressure from early adulthood until menopause compared with controls. The highest prevalence of metabolic syndrome was detected in obese and hyperandrogenic women with PCOS.In conclusion, irregular menstrual cycles, identified by a simple question at adolescence, represent a good marker of hyperandrogenemia, later metabolic risks and development of PCOS. Due to the persistence of hyperandrogenism and metabolic alterations, the treatment of PCOS should be focused on prevention and treatment of these problems as early as in adolescence in order to decrease future morbidity.
Discovery of peptiduria and subsequent aspartylglycosaminuria in Finland
Birch (Betula pendula Roth.) responses to high UV-B radiation
NPY family of peptides in neurobiology, cardiovascular and metabolic disorders : from genes to therapeutics
The treatment of gout
Diseases of livestock
The metabolism miracle : 3 easy steps to regain control of your weight ... permanently /Diane Kress
Secondary neuropathology after experimental stroke : with special emphasis on calcium, amyloid and inflammation
Nutritional biochemistry and metabolism : with clinical applications
Fatty acids, fibre, carotenoids and tocopherols in relation to glucose metabolism in subjects at high risk for type 2 diabetes : a cross-sectional analysis
Endocrinopathic laminitis in horses
Liver in metabolic diseases : proceedings of the 35th Falk Symposium, part of the sixth International Congress of Liver Diseases, Basel, October 15-17, 1982
