http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6245 disinfectants
disinfectants
Effects of conventional treatment, tertiary treatment and disinfection processes on hygienic and physico-chemical quality of municipal wastewaters
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on Chemical and Non-Chemical Soil and Substrate Disinfestation : Leuven, Belgium, September 13 - 18, 2009
Introduction to contamination control and cleanroom technology
Inactivation of murine norovirus on food processing surfaces
Bactericidal efficiencies of commercial disinfectants against Listeria monocytogenes on surfaces
Microbial infection in dental root canal induces an inflammatory reaction called apical periodontitis. In post-treament disease, Enterococcus faecalis is the most commonly found organism, which may survive well in root canal despite calcium hydroxide paste medication. In these cases, effective irrigation or repeated chlorhexidine medication are recommended. New medications with long-lasting antimicrobial activity are needed for the treatment of persistent root canal infections. 2-hydroxyisocaproic acid (HICA) is a protein fermentation product of lactobacilli and few other bacterial or fungal species express enzymes required for its metabolism. However, mammalian cells can metabolise it and use it for protein production. It is known to be well-tolerated by humans and have anti-inflammatory properties as well. Therefore, the hypothesis was that it affects microbe-specific metabolic pathways and have potential as a novel antimicrobial agent. The aim of this study was to evaluate the antibacterial and antifungal spectrum of HICA using in vitro microdilution methods for susceptibility testing and an ex vivo extracted tooth root canal infection-model. The impact of dentine on the antimicrobial activity of HICA was also evaluated. The results showed that HICA has broad-spectrum bactericidal activity for gram-positive and gram-negative organisms. It is also fungicidal for several fungal species and it is only marginally inactivated by clinically-relevant concentrations of dentine. It is at least as active against E. faecalis as presently-used interappointment medications in infected root canals after a seven-day incubation ex vivo. Since HICA has a broad-spectrum and long-term antimicrobial activity as well as an anti-inflammatory effect, it may be a useful new agent for clinical endodontology. However, controlled clinical studies are needed for evaluation of the efficacy of HICA in clinical conditions.
Accommodation and cleaning services : volume 1 : operations
Principles and practice of disinfection, preservation and sterilisation
Antimicrobial activity and suitability of 2-hydroxyisocaproic acid for the treatment of root canal infections
Adaptive and cross-adaptive responses of persistent and non-persistent and non-persistent Listeria monocytogenes strains to disingectants
Global report on validated alternatives to the use of methyl bromide for soil fumigation
Susceptibility of Listeria monocytogenes strains to disinfectants and chlorinated alkaline cleaners at cold temperatures
Fungicides used on leather
This book is a comprehensive source for technical information regarding ultraviolet germicidal irradiation (UVGI) and its application to air and surface disinfection for the control of pathogens and allergens. The primary focus is on airborne microbes and surface contamination applications for hospitals, commercial facilities, and residential homes. All aspects of UVGI systems, including design methods, sizing methods, modeling, safety, installation, testing, guidelines, and disinfection theory are addressed in detail. An extensive database of over six hundred UV rate constant studies is included as well as tabular performance data for UV lamps and products. Providing this information in one single source simplifies the design and installation of UVGI systems, helps guarantee effective performance of new systems, and facilitates their use on a wide scale for the purpose of improving human health. This book is organized to provide systematic coverage of all related issues and will serve equally well as both a textbook and a handbook for general reference.
Disinfectant- and antibiotic resistant bacteria from food and clinical environments
Baking soda : over 500 fabulous, fun and frugal uses you've probably never thought of
White's handbook of chlorination and alternative disinfectants
Sanitation: cleaning and disinfection in the food industry
The effect of ozonation on the chemical quality of drinking water
Assessment of enzymatic cleaning agents and disinfectants against bacterial biofilms
UVC irradiation based water treatment : a study of UV light emitting diodes, atomic layer deposited TiO2 and novel applications
Ultraviolet germicidal irradiation handbook : UVGI for air and surface disinfection
Preservatives for cosmetics
Efficacy of disinfectants to reduce Listeria monocytogenes on precut iceberg lettuce
