http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p624 order
order
From stuffed to sorted : your essential guide to organising, room by room
Antifragile : things that gain from disorder
International migration and security : opportunities and challenges
Anglo-Scandinavian language contacts and word order change in early English
Germany and European order : enlarging NATO and the EU
Abstract.
General principles of law of the Polish People's Republic
Potter's Historical introduction to English law and its institutions
Preventive policing and security plans : the reception of new crime prevention strategies in three Finnish cities
Unf*ck your habitat : you're better than your mess
Police and justice co-operation and the new European borders
Top 10 of everything 2012
Policing post-conflict cities
Foreign investment in the present and a New International Economic Order
Ranking of multivariate populations : a permutation approach with applications
The common good
L'art de la simplicité : how to live more with less
Privatizing policing : describing and explaining the growth of private security
The life-changing magic of tidying up : the Japanese art of decluttering and organizing
Erskine May's Treatise on the law, privileges, proceedings and usage of Parliament
Reframing the international : law, culture, politics
World politics : progress and its limits
The Specialized Agencies and the United Nations : the system in crisis
The international economy since 1945
The order of things : how everything in the world is organized .. into hierarchies, structures & pecking orders
Concurrent endurance and strength training : neuromuscular, cardiorespiratory and hormonal effects of the exercise order in previously untrained and recreationally endurance trained men
Policing in Europe
The secret life of a slummy mummy
"In this book, Alice Hills discusses the interface between order and security. While analysts and donors emphasise security, Hills argues that order is much more meaningful for people's lives. Focusing on the police as both providers of order and a measure of its success, the book shows that order depends more on what has gone before than on reconstruction efforts and that tension is inevitable as donors attempt to reform brutal local policing." --Book Jacket.
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
Abstract (s. 106).
This volume brings together a collection of leading scholars to consider various dimensions of the 'turn' to history in International Relations. Such a resurgent interest has many roots, including attempts by social scientists to discover historically significant patterns of behaviour, and the broader political project of trying to understand our age and how it differs from what came before. The book begins by considering the extent to which the Westphalian sovereign state model remains relevant to understanding political and historical change. Yet the need to reach beyond the European experience is one that resurfaces in many contributions to Empires, Systems and States. For this reason, the volume includes a number of path-breaking essays on how other cultures and continents have ordered their political communities. We are, nevertheless, brought back to the issue of why and how a particular European set of political and economic forces known as 'modernity' transformed the landscape of international politics, crushing other cultures with its will to power. Such a wide ranging collection of essays will be of interest to scholars of International Relations and History, as well as readers outside of academe who have an interest in great transformations in world politics.
Beyond the anarchical society : Grotius, colonialism and order in world politics
The new policing
Have you seen my new blue socks?
The complete guide to a clutter-free home : organized storage solutions & projects
The clutter clinic : organise your home in seven days
Arbitraž, ordre public i ugolovnoe pravo : (vzaimodejstvie meždunarodnogo i nacional'nogo častnogo i publičnogo prava) = Arbitration, ordre public and criminal law : (interaction of privateand publicinternational and domestic law). Tom 3= Volume 3
Holy order
Vigilant citizens : vigilantism and the state
The joy of less : a minimalist living guide : how to declutter, organize, and simplify your life
Eddey on the English legal system
Latin America and the new international economic order
Suomen eduskunnan historia = Finlands riksdags historia = History of the Finnish Parliament
Foreign debts in the present and a New International Economic Order
Spheres of exemption, figures of exclusion : analyses of power, order and exclusion
The 8-minute organizer  : easy solutions to simplify your life in your spare time
Explaining culture : the social pursuit of subjective order
Spark joy : an illustrated guide to the japanese art of tidying
Triage nursing secrets
Social analysis of security : financial, economic and ecological crime - crime (in)security and (dis)trust - public and private policing
Policing and crime prevention
From resilience to revolution : how foreign interventions destabilize the Middle East
Policing in Canada, India, Germany, Australia, Finland, and New Zealand : a comparative research study
Domination and power in Guyana : a study of the police in a Third World context
The last good man
Crowds in the 21st century : perspectives from contemporary social science
The Soviet system of justice : figures and policy
The life-changing magic of tidying : a simple, effective way to banish clutter forever
Chemical evolution : I. From molecule to microbe : II. The origin of life on earth and elsewhere
Brownlie's law of public order and national security
Instituting a 5S-system
Institution design and the preference ranking assumption
Law and the legal system : an introduction
A short history of English law : from the earliest times to the end of the year 1911
The logos of Heraclitus : the first philosopher of the West on its most interesting term
Sourcebook on German law
The evolution of the international economic order
The sentinel
A first book of English law
The life laundry : how to de-junk your life
Fill-in seedlings in constituting the stocking of Scots pine stands in northern Finland
Throw out fifty things : clear the clutter, find your life
International society : diverse ethical perspectives
Abstract: "Patriotism" as a political concept in Sweden in the 1860s.
13C NMR investigation of molecular mobility of ion groups in some ionic liquids
Life-changing magic of tidying : a simple, effective way to banish clutter forever
Arbitraž, ordre public i ugolovnoe pravo : (vzaimodejstvie meždunarodnogo i nacional'nogo častnogo i publičnogo prava) = Arbitration, ordre public and criminal law : (interaction of privateand publicinternational and domestic law). Tom 2 = Volume 2
Community policing : a policing strategy for the 21st century
International law in a divided world
Introduction
Introduction to law and the legal system
Major legal systems in the world today : an introduction to the comparative study of law
English law and French law : a comparison in substance
The divine order, the human order, and the order of nature : historical perspectives
The life laundry : how to stay de-junked forever
Unfuck your habitat : you're better than your mess
Science, order, and creativity
Law and development
Law and international resource conflicts
Introduction to German law
Orders and hierarchies in late medieval and renaissance Europe
The policing web
Development of a Protein Conservation Analysis Pipeline and Application to Carbonic Anhydrase IV
Access to Finnish law
Sourcebook on French law
Order in the twilight
Emergence : from chaos to order : John H. Holland
The English legal system
Conclusions (s. 233-242).
The life-changing magic of tidying : the Japanese art of decluttering and organizing
Policing in Finland : the cultural basis of law enforcement
The people's welfare : law and regulation in nineteenth-century America
Simple matters : Living with less and ending up with more
Studies in Polish law
Banish clutter forever : how the toothbrush principle will change your life
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
North-South : a programme for survival : report of the Independent Commission on International Development issues
Diversity and distribution pattern of bryophytes and vascular plants in a boreal spruce forest
Start with your sock drawer : the simple guide to living a less cluttered life
Silence and guilt : an assessment of case law on the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994
Introduction to Turkish law
Contending liberalisms in world politics : ideology and power
Keeping house : hints and tips for a clean, tidy and well-organized home
Properties of top soil and the relationship between soil and trees in a boreal Scots pine stand
What does the world spend on criminal justice?
Legal controls in the Soviet Union
Simple matters : living with less and ending up more
Empires, systems and states : great transformations in international politics
Policing interwar Europe : continuity, change, and crisis, 1918-40
From chaos to order : methodologies, perspectives and applications
Clutter busting : letting go of what's holding you back
Arbitraž, ordre public i ugolovnoe pravo : (vzaimodejstvie meždunarodnogo i nacional'nogo častnogo i publičnogo prava) = Arbitration, ordre public and criminal law : (interaction of privateand publicinternational and domestic law). Tom 1 = Volume 1
Summary in Dutch.
Summary.
Policing the future : 13th European Policing Executive Conference, International Association of Chiefs of Police
General principles of English law
It's all too much : an easy plan for living richer life with less stuff
Spark joy : an illustrated guide to the Japanese art of tidying
Core statutes on public law and human rights
Complexity : a guided tour
A mom's guide to home organization : simple solutions to control clutter, schedules and stress
Political language and metaphor : interpreting and changing the world
Complete book of home organization
Unruly masses : the other side of fin-de-siècle Vienna
Miscellanea : articles and texts
Spark joy : an illustrated master class on the art of organizing and tidying up
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
The closing chapter
Introduction to Greek law
Worlds in collision : terror and the future of global order
The international politics of natural resources
