http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6240 viscosity
viscosity
Glass - Viscosity and viscometric fixed points : Part 4: Determination of viscosity by beam bending
Study of Characteristic Improvement of Spent Ion Exchange Resin
Doppler optical coherence tomography in determination of suspension viscosity
Handbook of viscoelastic vibration damping
Influence of the alkalinity in polysulphide pretreatment on results of cooking with normal liquor-to-wood ratios
On modelling and stability of axially moving viscoelastic materials
Fluid flow for the practicing chemical engineer
Tear film lipid layer
Discrete element model for viscoelastic materials with brittle fracture : applications on glacier dynamics
Salivary flow and composition in healthy and diseased adults
Glass - Viscosity and viscometric fixed points : Part 3: Determination of viscosity by fibre elongation viscometer
The stress-strain state and stabilization of viscoelastoplastic, imperfect moving web continuum
Glass - Viscosity and viscometric fixed points : Part 6: Determination of softening point
Achilles tendon viscoelastic properties and mechanical responses to a single bout of exercise
Friction in textiles : a critical appreciation of recent developments
Physics of negative viscosity phenomena
Structure and dynamics of core-shell colloids
Computational rheology
Glass - Viscosity and viscometric fixed points : Part 5: Determination of working point by sinking bar viscometer
Glass - Viscosity and viscometric fixed points : Part 1: Principles for determining viscosity and viscometric fixed points
Viscosity models for molten slags
Numerical simulation of neoclassical currents, parallel viscosity, and radial current balance in tokamak plasmas
Viscosity of beta-glucan in oat products
Influence of injection molding process on morphological and mechanical properties of POM
Appetite control the role of food composition and structure
Indomethacin topical formulations development and the effect of compositions on the physical characteristics and stability
Dispersing of kaolin slurry in a laboratory environment
Viscosity of liquids : theory, estimation, experiment, and data
Process description and specifictation for heavy fuel oil treatment system
Handbook of food analytical chemistry. Vol. 2, pigments, colorants, flavors, texture, and bioactive food components
Glass - Viscosity and viscometric fixed points : Part 7: Determination of annealing point and strain point by beam bending
Fluid dynamics in DEP trapping of DNA origamis and their functionalization
Nonlinear dynamics of structures
Physical chemistry
On displacement-velocity coupling and the origin of in-plane stress in orthotropic moving continua
Determination of slurry's viscosity using case based reasoning approach
Engineering rheology
Calculation of liquid viscosity for copper alloys
Relaxation in glass and composites
The effect of modifying the oxidative pre-aging conditions in the manufacture of viscose from wood pulp
The electrophoretic mobility of red cells and platelets and the plasma viscosity in coronary heart disease
Introduction to polymer viscoelasticity
Summary.
Experimental study and modelling of viscosity of chromium containing slags
Appetite control : the role of food composition and structure
Heavy Fuel Oil (HFO) is widely used to produce electricity with boiler plants or diesel power plants. Other common applications of heavy fuel oil are boilers and blast furnaces in industry. HFO is used also in the pulp and paper industry. Shipping is using one third of all HFO to power up typically larger marine vessels. Economical optimization in operations is one of today's trends in the industry; the price of used energy starts to be the major issue. Due to that, heavy fuel oil is still very appealing and competitive solution as a fuel. The problem with the HFO use is to ensure the correct treatment of it. The functions of the fuel oil treatment system are to clean fuel oil and supply it for engines at required pressure and viscosity. The system also ensures the correct fuel oil flow over the engines. The purpose of the thesis was to describe the system and to introduce one kind of treatment system. Wärtsilä Finland Training Services owns a fuel oil treatment system which is intended for medium-speed diesel engines, which use either heavy fuel oil or light fuel oil. The primary use of the system is to provide a safe training environment for Wärtsilä's own maintenance and operating personnel and also for customers from power plants and ship installations. The treatment system is a somewhat old and therefore the documentation of the system is insufficient. Due to this the use of the system for training purposes is difficult and unsafe. The main goal of the thesis is to create an updated system description, a speciation and an operating instruction for the system to improve the explained situation. As a result of the thesis, documentation of the system was created, which explains the operations of the HFO treatment system, processes and components. There are lots of different types of heavy fuel oil treatment systems in the field. The topic was limited to focus on the heavy fuel oil treatment system made for training purposes of Wärtsilä Training Services. The updated HFO treatment system description includes and explains all equipment placed in the current system. The PI diagram of the HFO treatment system is also now updated. This enables the safe use of the equipment. Generally this thesis project also increased awareness and knowledge of the fuel oil treatment system among the training department, which is beneficial for coming training courses in the future.
Viscosity of strong black liquor from birch pulping
Food texture and viscosity
Aerodynamics for engineering students
Functional cellulose microspheres for pharmaceutical applications
Theory of viscoelasticity
Water-soluble polymers and surfactants in latex paints : competitive adsorption and rheological properties
Glass - Viscosity and viscometric fixed points : Part 2: Determination of viscosity by rotation viscometers
Viscosity of strong black liquor
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The transport phenomena problem solver : momentum, energy, mass
Viscosity simulations and potential energy surfaces of some hydrocarbons
Characterization and performance of electrorheological fluids based on pine oils
Tailoring the adhesion in viscose fiber reinforced polypropylene and polyamide composites
Tiivistelmä: Influence of injection molding process on morphological and mechanical properties of POM.
Effect of additives, heat and pH on viscosity and related physical-technical properties of aqueous methylcellulose solutions
Ether-functionalized quarternary ammonium ionic liquids - synthesis, characterization and physicochemical properties
Glass - Viscosity and viscometric fixed points : Part 8: Determination of (dilatometric) transformation temperature
