http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6255 labour demand
labour demand
Labour reallocation in transition countries : efficiency, restructuring and institutions
Is it worth working?
Abstract.
Labour supply and income tax changes : a simulation study for Finland
Multinational firms and job tasks
Female labour supply in Finland : econometric applications of discrete choise models to married women's labour supply decisions
New skills for new jobs : anticipating and matching labour market and skills needs
Towards European skill needs forecasting
Methods and practices of regional anticipation in Finland
Atypical forms of employment and labour market dynamics in Finland
Essays on economic integration and labour demand
Trade, technology and the skill structure of labour demand in Finland
How do we compensate for a shrinking labour force?
Working-class culture, women, and Britain, 1914-1921
Rakennetyöttömyys Pohjois-Pohjanmaalla = Structural unemployment in Northern Ostrobothnia
Job matching, wage dispersion, and unemployment
Essays on labour demand and career mobility. Helena Persson
Education, training and demand for labour in Finland by 2025
Abstract (1 s.).
Essentials of economics
Executive summary.
International practice and policy trends in international labour immigration
Labour tax reforms and labour demand in Finland 1997-2001
Liquidity constraints faced by firms and employment
Economic integration and the elasticities of labour demand : econometric evidence fro Finland
Job security provisions and the adjustment of demand for hours
The role of small firms as job providers in the information technology sector : a preliminary analysis
Education, training and demand for labour in Finland by 2020
Regional housing and labour markets
Rent-sharing, financial pressures and firm behavior
Does uncertainty affect investment and labor demand?
Forecasting sectors, occupational activities and qualifications in the Federal Republic of Germany : a survey on research activities and recent findings
The macroeconomic environment
Recruitment problems, labour supply and workers' mobility
Education and employment : a critical appraisal
Matching inefficiencies, regional disparities and unemployment
The barometer of industry's qualification needs 2/98
Wages and labor demand in Finland
General purpose technology diffusion and labour market dynamics : a spatio-temporal perspective
The new division of labor : how computers are creating the next job market
Executive summary (s. 7-16).
Employment effects of reducing labour costs : considering potential bias in macro-estimates of the elasticity of labour demand
Estimating effort and labour demand functions with semiparametric model
Economics for business : competition, macro-stability and globalisation
Rent sharing as part of incentive payments and recruitment
Matching in local labour markets : empirical studies from Finland
Occupational forecasts for 1998 for Ireland and their implications for educational qualifications : paper for meeting of CEDEFOP network 'Circle for research cooperation on trends in occupations and qualifications' (CIRETOQ) Marseille, 20 and 21 November 1995
Summary (s. 7).
The causes of structural unemployment : four factors that keep people from the jobs they deserve
Nouveaux domaines et nouvelles formes de croissance de l'emploi = (New forms and new areas of employment growth)
Job security provisions, wage setting and unemployment persistence
Future skill supply in Europe : medium-term forecast : synthesis report
Employment performance in the member states : employment rates report 1998
This dissertation aims at advancing the knowledge about the role of the labour market in the process of the technology-induced economic transformation, taking into account the variety of factors involved at micro-, meso-, and macro-levels of the economy and at different geographical scales. Empirically, the dissertation investigates the co-evolutionary dynamics of industrial restructuring and worker reallocation across and within regional labour markets induced by the diffusion of the information technology as a general purpose technology (GPT) in Sweden in the period between 1985 and 2010. The analytical framework employed in the dissertation combines the theoretical perspectives on the long-term economic development with the insights from the labour market studies on the dual role of the labour market in the process of technology-induced structural change. These two strands of research are integrated into the evolutionary model of economic change that links explicitly the microlevel processes of response to GPT-induced transformation pressures to the macro-level determinants and outcomes of these processes. The findings of this dissertation indicate that the dynamics of technological change as well as its implications for functioning of regional labour markets should be approached through the prism of technology diffusion process which unfolds in time and space. To be able to understand the technology diffusion process one should address four intertwined questions: what kind of technology is diffused, how it is diffused, when it is diffused as well as where it is diffused at different points in time. Also, the dissertation suggests that the role of the labour market in the technology-induced transformation is far from the smoothly operating mechanism of adjustment to economy-wide economic shocks, as it is often assumed in mainstream approaches to economic theorising. In that respect, the dissertation provides a reference point for studies of labour market evolution beyond the standard equilibrium approach.
A dynamic model of interrelated demand for capital and labour : a theoretical model with an application to time-series cross-section data for Finnish breweries in 1954-1972
Economic integration and the elasticities of labour demand : econometric evidence from Finland
Summary (s. 5-9).
Production and employment in the BOF4 quarterly model of the Finnish economy
Economics and the business environment
Labour economics
Price theory and applications
Labour supply and demand in the Helsinki region
Empirical studies on labour demand, wages and job displacements
Education, training and demand for labour in Finland by 2015 : national and regional estimates
Institutional rules, labour demand and disability programme participation
Structural unemployment in Western Europe : reasons and remedies
The Finnish payroll tax cut experiment revisited
Skills for innovation and research
Working time, productivity and labor demand in Finnish manufacturing
Summary.
Supply and demand of labour force in Finland : challenges in terms of achieving "full employment" in alla parts of the country
Matching across space : evidence from Finland
Employment and welfare in Finland in the years 1860-2030 : with applications to European employment strategy
Conclusions (s. 84-87).
Education as a provincial key factor : education, training and research as a part of regional development work
Empirical studies on labor market matching
Is variation in hours of work driven by supply or demand? : evidence from Finnish manufacturing industries
On whom falls the burden of restructuring? : evidence from Finland
Demand for educated labour in Finland by the year 2010 and the dimensioning of education and training
Labor demand and equilibrium wage formation
Labour management, contracts and capital markets : a general equilibrium approach
A report on the availability of labour if the fifth nuclear power plant is built on Olkiluoto island in Eurajoki
