http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6256 demand
demand
Economics for managers
Supply and demand of labour force in Finland : challenges in terms of achieving "full employment" in alla parts of the country
Forecasting in business : Tikkurila Oyj
Aggregate money demand functions : empirical applications in cointegrated systems
Wood utilization in Japan
Female labour supply in Finland : econometric applications of discrete choise models to married women's labour supply decisions
Revisiting demand reactions to price changes
The "FLOW" project : case Stora Enso Heinola Fluting Mill
Russian Federation forest sector outlook study
Assessing the impact of climate change on tourism demand
Voluntary standards and certification for environmentally and socially responsible agricultural production and trade
This book argues that further Europeanization of energy policy is needed; it will help increase continent-wide economies of scale, remove national distortions from the energy market and prevent some EU states free-riding on the emission reduction efforts of other states.
Organic marketing initiatives and rural development. Volume 2, Organic marketing initiatives in Europe
Retailers profiling and evaluation : for Leonna Aho Oy Ab
The aim of this thesis was to create accurate man hour forecasting tool for one of the product lines of a large cargo handling company called Cargotec Finaland Oy. The case company hasn't had any long term forecasting previously for the department and it has fallen into project management problems as a result. The thesis goes through these problems that arise from lack of forecasting, theory of resource management and it explains step by step how the tool was created.
The economics of public issues
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education : evidence from OECD countries
Dynamic effects of demand and supply disturbances on the Finnish economy : did liberalization of capital movements matter?
Leisure in the new millennium : the Barclays and JHIC report produced by the Henley Centre
Organic marketing initiatives and rural development. Volume 4, European consumer and organic food
Business economics : theory and application
Redefining loss averse and gain seeking consumer price behavior : based on demand response
Balancing seasonal demand with new products : case Toivonen Animal Park and Peasant Museum
Developing the supply chain of a nanufacturing company
Conceptualizing special interest tourism : frameworks for analysis
Tourism management : managing for change
International practice and policy trends in international labour immigration
Microeconomics
"For the past several decades, politicians and economists have thought that high levels of inequality were good for the economy. But an economy that works only for the rich simply doesn't work. Because the middle class is so weak, America's economy now suffers from the kinds of problems that plague less-developed countries. Privileged elites more frequently secure special treatment from a government that wastes money and stifles competition. Children's opportunities are excessively determined by the wealth of their parents. Societal distrust has increased, making business transactions needlessly difficult. Consumer demand has weakened and become unstable, which has helped fuel the Great Recession and has made the recovery painfully slow. As Hollowed Out explains, to have strong and sustainable growth, the economy needs to work for everyone and grow from the middle out. This new middle-out theory aims to supplant trickle-down economics--the theory that was so wrong about inequality and our economy and did so much damage to our nation. This new thinking has the potential to shape economic policymaking for generations."--Provided by publisher.
Starting a Tourism Company in Gambia : Case Company Jäälin Palvelupiste Ky
The market as an economic process
The tourism system
Demand for ice hockey : case: Kärpät, Oulu
Modeling aggregate behavior and fluctuations in economics : stochastic views of interacting agents
There has been a set of new working activities that have been introduced in Stora Enso Heinola Fluting Mill in the form of a project called the FLOW. These activities are strongly related to the whole supply chain and its main operations: warehousing, production planning and deliveries. The project lasted for over a year and eventually came to an end a few months ago. This established the need to evaluate the performance of the new process which is the main reason why this thesis is carried out. In order to be able to analyze the outcome of the project and identify the future development areas the opinions of the corrugated units that were involved in the project needed to be gathered. A questionnaire was sent and it was followed by a one-to-one interview to get the suitable data. Conclusions and recommendations were made based on the answers and they will be used to improve the performance in the future. The findings of the questionnaire and the interviews indicate that the FLOW process in general is working quite well after a rather difficult start. Stock levels are considered to be higher than before which was not the initial goal of the FLOW. Also more training related to the rather complex information technology tools would be useful. The customer service is considered to work well; however, the system cannot replace the people behind it no matter how well it works.  Surprising was that even though the process itself works well, it does not add any value towards the end customers. Also it has not managed to bring along any major benefits as it was expected to. There are still improvements required in the fields of communication, information technology tools, system integration and reporting. The results of the interviews as well as the analysis and conclusions made based on the questionnaire are remained confidential and are only delivered to the commissioner company of this thesis. These will not be published.
Modelling the effect of demand variations on the performance of a production system
A contribution to demand analysis
Measuring the demand for environmental quality
Trade pessimism and regionalism in African countries : the case of groundnut exporters
Some aspects of the sampling distribution of the apportionment index and related inference
Dynamic money-in-the-utility-function model under monetary and technology shocks
Tourism economics : concepts and practices
Nouveaux domaines et nouvelles formes de croissance de l'emploi = (New forms and new areas of employment growth)
World paper markets 2020.
Export demand for Finnish pulp and papers to the United Kingdom and Germany
Modeling work on Estonian data indicates that external financing of the private sector has strong impact on domestic demand, which implies that valuable insights may be gained in this case from understanding the behavioral relationships in the monetary sector. The current paper provides a theoretical analysis of the monetary sector under a currency board regime and applies specification tests to Estonian data.As a final product, empirical equations for average lending rate, loans provided to the private sector and money demand are estimated.While estimations herein use monthly data, quarterly modifications of the model will be inserted into Eesti Pank's quarterly macromodel in the future. Key words: currency board, economic modelling, bank lending, capital flows, Estonia .
Medium-term renewable energy market report 2013 : market trends and projections to 2018.
The barometer of industry's qualification needs 2/98
Economic integration and the elasticities of labour demand : econometric evidence from Finland
Essentials of economics
The inpact of the 2009 financial crisis on the market of luxury clothing in Russia, in st. Petersburg in particuar
Business economics
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education? : evidence from OECD countries
Theory and measurement of consumer demand. 1
The emergence and control of distributional effects in econometric demand analysis
Pihkala Manor as a meeting venue : analyzing demand
Essays on the demand for alcohol in Sweden : review and applied demand studies
Addressing the demand for and supply of ecosystem services in agriculture through market-based and target-based policy measures
Income and time dependence of forest product demand elasticities and implications for forecasting
Monopoly with random demand
The economics of tourism destinations
Demand management in a medium sized company context
Abstract: Product demand in new market : Case Pelloplast Spain.
Optimisation of product change process and demand-supply chain in high tech environment
Labor demand and equilibrium wage formation
Classical political economy and rise to dominance of supply and demand theories
Static demand theory
Global biodiversity finance : the case for international payments for ecosystem services
Market demand : theory and empirical evidence
Similarity of supply and demand shocks between the euro area and the CEECs
SUCCESS FACTORS OF A CHINESE RESTAURANT
About the firm's tendency to cluster
Employment effects of reducing labour costs : considering potential bias in macro-estimates of the elasticity of labour demand
Stability of the demand for M1 and harmonized M3 in Finland
Demand and capacity forecasting tool : case Cargotec Finland RTG product line
Economics with no special technology
Exchange rate changes and the Finnish sawnwood demand and price in the UK market
Essays on economic integration and labour demand
Hollowed out : why the economy doesn't work without a strong middle class
Consumer behaviour in tourism
Europe's long energy journey : towards an energy union?
Tourism supply chain management
Matching in local labour markets : empirical studies from Finland
This thesis is a case study of a Finnish technology firm Teleste Corporation. There the pursue of efficiency and good customer service are important. A demand forecast offers the possibility to make the operations more profitable but still offer the customers' higher value. It provides the inventory management the needed information about the buffer stocks that should be kept overcoming the fluctuations in demand. Additionally, it ensures that no unnecessary stock is carried. The thesis has concentrated on discovering the matters that affect the efficiency of the demand forecast process and the inventory management. A seven step forecast model is investigated in order to solve the critical aspects related to it. It states the issues that increase the complexity of forecasting. Furthermore, it argues about the fact that to be successful in the process, the company needs to create written rules for forecasting. Additionally, constant support during the forecast creation is another element desperately needed. These two matters should be provided for the sales people who are responsible to the creation of a forecast. Add to this, as the clientele is wanted to give some input to the forecasting, it would be advisable to increase their awareness about the process and its advantages. Finally, the demand forecast process lacks of a good awarding system. There is no guarantee that if a sensible demand forecast is created, the creator will receive his or her goods on time. Therefore, to increase the motivation amongst the creators, it would be reasonable to pay attention to the inventory management. In the future, to be able to increase the efficiency of the demand forecast process, the company has to be able to enhance the product availability. Furthermore, it should consider other awards for the most successful forecasters, like discounts for clients and bonuses for salespeople, which would increase the eagerness to forecast.
Qualitative choice analysis : theory, econometrics, and an application to automobile demand
Theory and measurement of consumer demand. Vol. 1
Morishima elasticities and the regularity of factor demands : comparisons with flexible functional forms
Prices and markets
Energy demand analysis : report from the French - Swedish energy conference, Stockholm, 30 June - 2 July, 1982
The global forest products model (GFPM) : users manual and guide to installation
International competitive environment analysis of a product in the food market
Forestry economics : a managerial approach
Say's law : an historical analysis
Price responses to changes in costs and demand
On risk prediction
How can flexibility optimization improve supply chain performance?
Economic integration and the elasticities of labour demand : econometric evidence fro Finland
Prospects of Finnish higher education export in BRIC countries
Demand analysis : a study in econometrics
Tourism : bridges across continents
Domestic space heating load management in smart grid: potential benefits and realization
When to use collaborative planning, forecasting and replenishment (CPFR) in retailing
Gasoline demand : a comparison of models
Households' willingness to engage in demand response in the Finnish retail electricity market : an empirical study
Demand for products of irrigated agriculture in sub-Saharan Africa
Innovation by demand : an interdisciplinary approach to the study of demand and its role in innovation
Starting a tourism company in Gambia : case company Jäälin Palvelupiste KY
Consumer demand : a new approach
Consumer demand in the United States, 1929-1970 : analyses and projections
Executive summary.
The Economic way of thinking
Market opportunities for Oy-Cont Ltd
Working time, productivity and labor demand in Finnish manufacturing
Demand uncertainty and production opportunities : the effects of excess supply on production
Uncertainty, macroeconomic stability and the welfare state
The theory and measurement of demand
Gambia is a diverse and exciting new market. The establishment of a company on a new market requires plenty of planning and background information. The commissioning company plans to start a hotel business in Gambia and the primary purpose of this thesis is to serve as a guide in that process. The research has been carried out as a case study. The empirical part is based on well-known and reliable primary and secondary printed sources. Electronic sources have been used to supplement the information. To deepen the understanding of the theory and to aid in the practice has practical information been gathered from various sources by questionnaires and theme interviews. The structure of the thesis is built as a zipper model, where theory and practice are combined in a discussion. The first part of the thesis focuses on the starting point analyses and offers more insight of Gambia as a market and operating environment. The purpose is to evaluate what the Gambian environment is like and to deepen the understanding of Gambia as a potential location for a travelling company. The secondary purpose is to offer tools for other Finnish companies that want to enter the Gambian market. The thesis has been narrowed down to focus on the tourism industry, but the theoretic part and practical advice can be used in any field of business. The end of the thesis focuses on the risks involving the business operations in Gambia and on the critical success factors in the hotel business. The schedule has been changed during the process due to difficulties reaching all interviewees. All parties interviewed have been professionals within the tourism and business branches. The interviews have been carried out as questionnaires vie E-mail or theme interviews by telephone or Skype. The interviewees have been two representatives of the commissioning company, a representative of a tour operator, the Finnish-Gambian ambassador and a Gambian director. The theoretic and practical data has been analyzed from different views. According to the gathered data is Gambia a potential location for a hotel business. All though the country is poor and is a dictatorship, is it believable that the government wants to develop the country further partly by democratic means. As the tourism industry is very important, the government tries to enhance its development with different inducements. Start-up companies are offered tax exemptions for a certain period and building land is given by the government. The ownership of foreigners are protected with legislation, which promises that the property will not be expropriated by the government. The bureaucracy is complicated and the corruption sets challenges especially for foreigners. The governmental tourism development agency provides advice and help in the process. At the same time the official wants to guarantee that the foreign investors are treated equally to the Gambians.
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2010 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2010 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2010
The demand for money market mutual funds
Demand theory and economic calculation in a mixed economy
Medical solid waste and wastewater treatment business in Vietnam : Market analysis and developing a competitive marketing strategy for selling medical solid waste and wastewater treatment equipment
Managerial Economics, Theory, Applications, and Cases
Education and employment : a critical appraisal
Substitution measures and the regularity of factor demands : comparisons with flexible functional forms
A revision of demand theory
Labour supply and demand in the Helsinki region
Modelling of structural changes in demand for money cointegration relations
Nonlinear error correction and the UK demand for broard money, 1878-1993
Allowance demand and supply in the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme during the 1st trading period 2005-2007
Theory of demand : real and monetary
Global forest products consumption, production, trade and prices : global forest products model projections to 2010
Understanding modern economics
Product structure metrics as an indicator of demand-supply chain efficiency : case study in the cellular network industry
Estimating effort and labour demand functions with semiparametric model
The limits to scarcity : contesting the politics of allocation
Purchasing real estete property in Sofia
Iron ore market and transit opportunities through Finland : case: Port of Kokkola
Restaurant business Wellington
Abstract: Underutilization and over demand of experts in services companies is both inefficient and costly; particularly in organizations that employ highly educated professionals, for example doctors and other healthcare workers. The need for accurate forecasting is therefore a crucial business priority. This Thesis develops a demand forecasting model for doctor's appointment at the city of Helsinki Occupational HealthCare Centre. The model is examined by applying it to doctor services at one of several business units at the centre. The study draws upon forecasting theory. Through benchmarking and current state analysis and historical analysis of the case company data the variables deemed to predict demand are identified. Three different forecasting models are then examined in order to test which is most appropriate to the context and best serves to forecast actual service demand. Given different demand trends over the period of a year, for example the seasonality found in the historical data, SPSS Statistics 19 Expert modeler was found to be the most appropriate model. The appropriateness of this model is tested by examining predicted demand and actual demand over a three month period, and by interviewing health care professionals in the case organization. The Thesis discusses the wider implications for practice. The limitations of the study are discussed; particularly with regard to the evaluation of further variables that might improve the model. Avenues for further study are presented.
India's newsprint industry
Purchasing and supply management : text and cases
Abstract.
Strategy for sustainable competitive advantage : surviving declining demand and China's global development
Seasonality in the food and beverage service industry - a challenge for product development in small-sized businesses : case of Cafe im Goebenhaus, Stade, Germany
The purpose of the research was to study the impacts of the 2009 financial crisis on the market for luxury clothing in Russia, especially in St. Petersburg. This included studying the changes in the economic situation in general, consumer demand, operations of the luxury companies during the crisis and the challenges for a new company planning to enter the market. The research was based on reports, articles and other written information sources by experts from the financial and fashion sectors as well as five intervies with professionals from the fashion industry in St. Petersburg. The research was conducted together with Jasmin Santanen Paris company. The research was conducted through thematic interviews with five interviewees: International relationship manager from a company organizing a fashion trade fair, the president of the unofficial fashion week of St. Petersburg, a manager of a luxury multi-brand store, a buyer from a department store and a sole entrepreneur. Common themes and opinions were then summarized and compared to the secondary information. It was discovered that the financial crisis of 2009 has had an impact on the luxury fashion market in St. Petersburg. The consumer demand has decreased; many companies have cut or delayed their operations and expansion plans. In addition to the direct effects of the financial crisis, many other challenges that a new luxury company faces in the Russian market, was discovered. These include the lack of experience and  qualified professionals, corruption, complicated tax and customs procedures and changing consumer preferences.
Specialist teams dedicated to conversions demand
A study in the theory of demand functions and price indexes
The subject of my thesis is "Retailers profiling and evaluation for a cosmetics importing company Leonna Aho Oy Ab." The company in my research is the commissioner and the idea and need for this topic was given by the management of the company. This is a growing business and the management feels the need to explore new business opportunities and possible new retailers in the business.The company was established in 2010 by Leonna Aho-Ryhänen. The company imports high quality Italian cosmetics for professional use only. The products are sold in beauty salons and spas only. My interest in this topic is to analyze the possibilities of expanding the business. Analyzing and evaluating the business and the clientele gives a better understanding how the commissioner can expand her business in the future and make it more successful. The objective of this research is to create a useful report for my client to improve the companys client satisfaction and of course increase the company's sales. This information will be useful for the company to understand their customer behavior and needs better and also understand what their possibilities are for future growth. The company imports cosmetics from Italy and to have this kind of report made for them in English will also be useful for interacting with the Italian end of the business. This is going to be a functional thesis. There will be parts in this report which are based on literature on retailers profiling and evaluation as well as market research. I will also be interviewing and researching the company. The information of the clients and the company will be based on the knowledge and experience of my commissioner. In my research I also analyzes the competitive threats in cosmetic business, growth projections, corporate strategy, demand trend and the vulnerability of the entrepreneurs, consumers changing shopping patterns.
Are expectations met : the case of the Porvoo tourism cluster during off-season from the international tourists' point of view
Product demand in new market : Case Pelloplast Spain
Job security provisions, wage setting and unemployment persistence
Production and employment in the BOF4 quarterly model of the Finnish economy
Demand uncertainty in a Cournot-duopoly
Assessment of an industrial firm's demand planning process
Econometric model of the Finnish roundwood market - research plan for the licentiate thesis
Forest potentials and policy implications : a summary of a study of Eastern and Western European forests by the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis
Freemium economics : leveraging analytics and user segmentation to drive revenue
Econometric modelling of the demand for money
Demand response benefits for major assets of high voltage distribution systems : capacity gain and life management
Consumer demand in the United States : analyses and projections
Tööjõupuuduse leevendamine migratsiooni kaudu = Satisfying labour demand through migration in Estonia
Uncertainty avoidance and risk management in supply chain planning : Electronic device manufacturer's mature, high- and low market risk products'  point of view
The monetary sector under a currency board arrangement / Specification and estimation of a model with Estonian  data
Improving the management of demand information in a globally operating company : case NK Cables
Demand forecasts and elasticities in marketing planning
In view of improving multi-country forest sector models, this study investigated to what extent the price and income elasticity of demand for forest products had changed in the past two decades, and how much they depended on the countries income level. For each of seven major product groups annual observations were divided between high-income (top 20% in gross domestic product per capita) and low-income, and between recent (2004-2013) and older (1992-2003) observations. The results indicated that for sawnwood and particleboard the data could be pooled across all countries and years. For the other commodity groups (veneer & plywood, fiberboard, newsprint, printing & writing paper, other paper & paperboard), there were statistically significant differences in gross domestic product or price elasticity between high and low-income levels or old and recent observations. Efficient elasticities were obtained by pooling the maximum number of observations while respecting the statistically significant differences. The resulting GDP elasticities were the same, or very close, across income levels for all products. The price elasticities differed by income level only for newsprint and for veneer and plywood. International forest sector projections to 2065 obtained with these elasticities compared with those based on pooling all data across time and income levels gave less than 3% difference for world consumption of sawnwood, particleboard, fiberboard, and newsprint, but 19% higher consumption for veneer and plywood, 31% for printing and writing paper, and 18% for other paper and paperboard. The world price was 1% to 11% higher for end products and 3% to 22% higher for raw materials and intermediate products..
Critique of "Demand elasticities and forecasts in marketing planning"
Supply of and demand for sawtimber and pulpwood in Finland
Developing a forecasting model for doctor's appointments in healthcare business
Demand forecast process as a part of inventory management
Organic marketing initiatives and rural development. Volume 5, European market for organic food : revised and updated analysis
Demand-supply balancing in manufacturing operations : an industry review
Practical tourism forecasting
Modelling and projections of forest products demand, supply and trade in Europe : a study prepared for the European Forest Sector Outlook Study (EFSOS)
Micro data in demand analysis
Multinational firms and job tasks
Economics for business : blending theory and practice
Agreement on demand : Consumer theory in the twentieth century
Working-class culture, women, and Britain, 1914-1921
Winning in the Indian market : understanding the transformation of consumer India
Principles of macroeconomics
