http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p625 reincarnation
reincarnation
Karma and rebirth
Shadow's claim
The guardian angel's journal
Avalon High coronation. vol. 2. Homecoming
Trülkus and yangsis: reincarnation in Tibet
Animals and the afterlife : true stories of our best friends' journey beyond death
Advice on dying and living a better life
Hands across time : the soulmate enigma
The ringing radiance
The Poimandres group in Corpus Hermeticum : myth, mysticism and gnosis in late antiquity
European cases of the reincarnation type
Destiny, Freedom, and the soul : What is the meaning of life
Sri Aurobindo birth centenary library : de luxe edition. 16, The supramental manifestation and other writings
The first fifteen lives of Harry August
Lincoln in the bardo : a novel
Step by step : basic buddhist meditations
The Tibetan book of the dead : the manuscript of the Bardo Thödol
Death : the great adventure
The mirror of life and death
The Tibetan book of the dead or, The after-death experiences on the Bardo plane, according to Lāma Kazi Dawa-Samdup's English rendering
Children who remember previous lives : a question of reincarnation
Children's past lives : how past life memories affect your child
Caught in the light
Other lives, other selves : a Jungian psychotherapist discovers past lives
A New York winter's tale
Poststructuralism and the rebirth of the author
Abdi Taalib thought he was moving to Australia for a music scholarship. But after meeting the beautiful and brazen Tegan Oglietti, his world was turned upside down. Tegan's no ordinary girl - she died in 2027, only to be frozen and brought back to life in Abdi's time, 100 years later.  Now, all they want is for things to return to normal (or as normal as they can be), but the government has other ideas. Especially since the two just spilled the secrets behind Australia's cryonics project to the world. On the run, Abdi and Tegan have no idea who they can trust, and when they uncover startling new details about Project Ark, they realise thousands of lives may be in their hands.
Initiation
Wisdom in the stars
Cloud atlas
Trehan Daciano, known as the Prince of Shadows, has spent his like serving his people - striking in the night, quietly executing any threat to their realm. The coldly disciplined swordsman has never desired anything for himself - until he beholds Bettina, the sheltered ward of two of the Lore's most fearsome villains.
The secret language of the soul
While we run
Return to life : extraordinary cases of children who remember past lives
Much ado about vampires : a dark ones novel
The afterlife is where we come from : the culture of infancy in West Africa
The impossible lives of Greta Wells
The Zen of living and dying  : a practical and spiritual guide
In 2027, sixteen-year-old Tegan is just like every other girl--playing the guitar, falling in love, and protesting the wrongs of the world with her friends. But then Tegan dies, waking up 100 years in the future as the unknowing first government guinea pig to be cryogenically frozen and successfully revived. Appalling secrets about her new world come to light, and Tegan must choose to either keep her head down or fight for a better future.
Greater Magadha : studies in the culture of early India
Buddhism : a very short introduction
Reincarnation : a new horizon in science, religion, and society
Concepts of transmigration : perspectives on reincarnation
The philosophy of religion : a Buddhist perspective
... to be continued ... : reincarnation & the purpose of our lives
Life before life : a scientific investigation of children's memories of previous lives
The next together
Amerindian rebirth : reincarnation belief among North American Indians and Inuit
Maitreya's mission. Volume two
Edgar Cayce on reincarnation
Reincarnation in Philo of Alexandria
Reincarnation : one woman's exploration of her past lives
Christian orthodoxy
New clothes for old souls : worldwide evidence for reincarnation
The incarnations
The child
Can the mind survive beyond death? : in pursuit of scientific evidence. Volume 1, Reincarnation research
Touch
Edgar Cayce: an american prophet
The paranormal source book : the comprehensive guide to strange phenomena world wide
With your spirit guide's help
Reincarnation : a study of forgotten truth
A study of the Abhidharmahrdaya : the historical development of the concept of karma in the Sārvastivāda thought
Bricks
Madwoman of the sacret heart
The complete idiot's guide to life after death
Destiny, freedom, and the soul : what is the meaning of life?
Start with a happy ending. #1
Death and personal survival : the evidence for life after death
The Tibetan book of the dead : the after-death experiences on the Bardo plane, according to Lāma Kazi Dawa-Samdup's English rendering
My name is memory
Every ninety years, twelve gods are reincarnated as young people. They are loved. They are hated. And sometimes - just sometimes - they fall into open Superstar wars. -- Provided by publisher.
Demon diary. 2
Reincarnation in Christianity : a new vision of the role of rebirth in Christian thought
Soul survivor : the reincarnation of World War II fighter pilot
Imagining karma : ethical transformation in Amerindian, Buddhist, and Greek rebirth
Miracles happen : the transformational healing power of past-life memories
The law of love
Maitreya's teachings : the laws of life
Hinduism : doctrine and way of life
All pets go to heaven : the spiritual lives of the pets we love
Avalon High coronation. Vol. 3. Hunter's moon
The dog, Ray
Reincarnation : true stories of past lives
Dreams of a dark warrior
The problem of rebirth
The great approach  : new light and life for humanity
Altered carbon
Karma and reincarnation : the key to spiritual evolution and enlightment
Avalon high coronation. Vol. 1, The merlin prophecy
The Tibetan book of the dead or The after-death experiences on the Bardo plane, according to Lāma Kazi Dawa-Samdup's English rendering
Twenty cases suggestive of reincarnation
Lady of hay
The Tibetan book of living and dying
The last beginning
Narrating karma and rebirth : Buddhist and Jain multi-life stories
The system of the Dalai Lama reincarnation
The divine plot : astrology, reincarnation, cosmology and history
Soul angels
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part VII, vol. I, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
Messages from Maitreya the Christ : one hundred forty messages
Life after death and the world beyond : investigating heaven and the spiritual dimension
Chinese Cinderella : the mystery of the Song dynasty painting
The wicked + the divine. Vol. 4, Rising action
Sweet heart
Winter's tale
Peacock cries at the Three Gorges
