http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6268 advertising music
advertising music
C'mon Cramo
Motion Blur 2 : multidimensional moving imagemakers
Music in advertising
Costarica show
It's more rock in Beavers
Radio production : a manual for broadcasters
The Price of Fame
The sounds of capitalism : advertising, music, and the conquest of culture
The storyboard design course : the ultimate guide for artists, directors, producers and scriptwriters
Generation P? : youth, gender and pornography
Bradley's new giant piano book
Cutrin : Hedit
Malta kick-off 2011.
Let's work together : Advertising is the rock'n roll of the business!
Ketmi : original soundtrack for Ketmi-furs design Seija Linnanen
Työn sävel = Melody of work
Great songs of Madison Avenue
Mad about the boy : Songs known from the TV commercials
Fucked Up + Photocopied  : Instant art of the punk rock movement
The art of punk
Connotative meaning and advertising music
Cooler than you
The shut up and shoot freelance video guide : a down & dirty DV production
Oramics
1000 music graphics : a compilation of packaging, posters, and other sound solutions
Change of heart
Analyzing storyboards
Hot spot. Vol. 2, Top shots - hot spots : the popping continues.
Sugar power : sweet selection!
Classic rock posters : sixty years of posters and flyers : 1952 to 2012
Classic ads : themes and music for solo piano made popular by tv ads
Showreel.01 : 53 projects on audiovisual design
Showreel.02 : 56 projects on audiovisual design
Ships-ply cha-cha ; Beto Board twist
Audio branding : brands, sound and communication
Manhattan Club
The work of director Chris Cunningham : a collection of music videos, short films, video installations and commercials
Turn On Tune In! : the very best soul & jazz from the coolest TV commercials
Feel pretty again
Consumer recall of brand and product class under conditioning of music from television commercials
Manhattan Research Inc
Happy birthday
What have I done?
Lemon twist
The work of director Michel Gondry : a collection of music videos, short films, documentaries and stories
The TV fake book : A collection of 200 hit songs and themes : for all "C" instruments
Steady as a rock
Writer, producer, engineer : a handbook for creating contemporary commercial music
Vocal pedagogy and contemporary commercial music : reflections on higher education non-classical vocal pedagogy in the United States and Finland
Music graphics
As heard on TV : popular music in advertising
The use of music in early Finnish cinema and TV advertising
Classic advertising
Writing music for commercials : television, radio, and new media
Paper hits! : a musical journey through the world of paper
Tune in with Benefon : Halikko Ensemble in live concert
Team WARE goes Rock'n Roll
The very best of Wolfman Jack : Radio Show. Vol. 1.
Music in advertising : commercial sounds in media communication and other settings
Easiest keyboard collection. The best-known advertising themes
Lighter yet brighter!
King of the road
Highflyers : clubravepartyart
Typemotion : type as image in motion
Techno style : Musik, Grafik, Mode und Partykultur der Techno-Bewegung : music, graphics, fashion and party culture of the Techno movement
Have a good time
