http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p626 death
death
Maximizing the moment - theories for the practice of editing
Widow Basquiat
The easy way out
Smoke gets in your eyes : and other lessons from the crematory
The culture of death
Life after life : the investigation of a phenomenon-survival of bodily death
Grave Mercy
The execution of Noa P. Singleton : a novel
Causes of death
The art of racing in the rain : a novel
The cruelest month
Death in the Eastern Mediterranean (50-600 A.D.) : the Christianization of the East: an interpretation
An inherited name as the foundation of a person's identity: How the memory of a dead person lived on in the names of his or her descendants
Abstract: The purpose of this paper is to highlight the importance of culturally sensitive end of life care in the acute ward setting and show nurses how they can provide culturally sensitive end of life care for their patients. The research question What is culturally sensitive care at the end of life in the acute ward setting, and how can nurses provide it? Madeleine Leininger's theory of Cultural Care Diversity and Universality has been used to provide a framework for writing this paper. The paper was written by conducting a systematic litrature review was perfromed by using well known electronic databases and manuals search methods. The articles choosen met the six selection criteria as well as answering the research question. The articles were analysed using a method which is based on the method described by Elo and Kyngäs (2008). During the data analysis process, seven main themes and two sub themes emerged that are a part of providing culturally sensitive end of life care. The seven major themes are; Death and Dying is a Complex Issue, Culture Plays a Part in Determining a Good Death, A Person's Beliefs Affect Their View, Nurses Have a Important Role, There Needs to be Clear Communication, The Definition of a Good Death is Individual, Areas That Need Improvement. The two sub themes are; Shared Aspects of a Good Death and Shared Aspects of a Undignified Death. Each of these themes will then combine to form the patient's own personal world view. It was possible to relate each of these themes to issues that were raised by Leininger in her theory. Death is and increasingly complex and diverse issue that nurses face today and with the rapidly aging population it is a challenge that acute care nurses will face on an increasingly routine basis. The most important role of the nurse when it comes to providing end of life care is the development and implementation of comprehensive and culturally sensitive end of life care plans in partnership with patients. Once such plans are developed in falls to the nurse to ensure that they are followed, after all it is only by following the wishes patients that have been outlined in such plans can nurses help patients to die a dignified and peaceful death.
Dark Tourism and Destination Marketing
Companion animal death : a practical and comprehensive guide for veterinary practice
How are we to confront death?: an introduction to philosophy
Death : a picture album
Providing a good death : the importance of culturally sensitive end of life care in the acute ward setting
Life after theft
Death and dying in children : An empirical study about nursing activities during pediatric terminal and post mortem care
Lincoln in the bardo : a novel
Dying : a psychoanalytic study with special reference to individual creativity and defensive organization
Deathbed gifts : the law of donatio mortis causa
Design for dying
Interpreting death : Christian theology and pastoral practice
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec is called to investigate the death of a villager at an Easter séance that was held at the Old Hadley House.
The fragile world
Working it through : [an Elisabeth Kübler-Ross workshop on life, death and transition]
The angel of history : a novel
The concept of death : summary
Caring relationships : the dying and the bereaved
Heaven is beautiful : how dying taught me that death is just the beginning
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West
Rituals of death and dying in modern and ancient Greece : : writing history from a female perspective
The secret horses of Briar Hill
Constructing death : the sosiology of dying and bereavement
Premature deaths among illicit drug users : a follow-up study on treatment seeking clients in Finland
The book thief
We only saw happiness
On death and dying
Beyond the ridge
Poems and readings for funerals and memorials
Facing death : where culture, religion and medicine meet
Tree mortality agents in pristine Norway spruce forests in northern Fennoscandia
What the light hides
The limit
Aging, health expenditure, proximity of death and income in Finland
10 good questions about life and death
Dying and creating : a search for meaning
Guilt by association
Following her mother's untimely and mysterious death, Delia embarks on a voyage of discovery through the streets of her native Naples searching for the truth about her family.
Michael Rosen's sad book
Death and dying : the Tibetan tradition
The loneliness of the dying
Bequest & betrayal : memoirs of a parent's death
Shaking hands with death
Fragments of death, fables of identity : an Athenian anthropography
Redefining death
Death, intermediate state and rebirth in Tibetan Buddhism
Morphological characterization of neuronal  and non-neuronal phenotypes of the human  neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cell line
Books of the dead : manuals for living and dying
The Green Man
Cults of the dead in ancient Israel and Ugarit
Immune tolerance disruption by human parvovirus B19 viral infection mechanisms
New meanings of death
All the bright places
Killing Jesus : a history
Death and dying : a bibliography (1950-1974)
Recounts how the author, an experienced falconer grieving the sudden death of her father, endeavored to train for the first time a dangerous goshawk predator as part of her personal recovery.
Death and dying : views from many cultures
Set over the course of one night in the waiting room of a psych clinic, The Angel of History follows Yemeni-born poet Jacob as he revisits the events of his life, from his maternal upbringing in an Egyptian whorehouse to his adolescence under the aegis of his wealthy father and his life as a gay Arab man in San Francisco at the height of AIDS. Hovered over by the presence of alluring, sassy Satan who taunts Jacob to remember his painful past and dour, frigid Death who urges him to forget and give up on life, Jacob is also attended to by 14 saints. Set in Cairo and Beirut; Sana'a, Stockholm, and San Francisco; Alameddine gives us a charged philosophical portrait of a brilliant mind in crisis. This is a profound, philosophical and hilariously winning story of the war between memory and oblivion we wrestle with every day of our lives.
Drug epidemiology, interactions and pharmacogenetics : a post-mortem database study
Looking for Alaska
What if this is heaven? : how our cultural myths prevent us from experiencing heaven on earth
Night night, sleep tight : a novel of suspense
Tell me the truth about love : ten poems
Fear the darkness
Kids of appetite
Ethical issues in death and dying
The sociology of death
The drowning game : a novel
Morrigan's cross
Sociology of death : an analysis of death-related behavior
Leaving everything most loved : a Maisie Dobbs novel
"Hit 'em where it hurts the most" - exploring the humor of an attack on a gaming funeral
Hereafter : with bonus material
After you
Death and mourning rituals in online environments : lectio praecursoria 8.8.2014
Nora Webster : a novel
Death at intervals
Encyclopedia of death
Cancer pain relief and palliative care in children
When breath becomes air
Troubling love
Cultures of Death and Dying in Medieval and Early Modern Europe
The pact : a love story
Powers of death : church-väki in the Finnish folk belief tradition
Dying to live? : a Christian approach to the matter of mortality
Death and philosophy
The program
Reactive oxygen species and SRO proteins as regulators of gene expression in Arabidopsis thaliana
Death in the midst of life : social and cultural influences on death, grief, and mourning
Awareness of mortality
Death and bereavement : the psychological religious and cultural interfaces
Dying : a memoir
Extremely loud and incredibly close
Putative neuroprotective compounds in in vitro models of dopaminergic neurodegeneration
Aspects of grief : bereavent in adult life
Tuesdays with Morrie : an old man, a young man, and life's greatest lesson
The denial of death
The moment of death : a symposium
What Happens When We Die : A Ground-breaking Study into the Nature of Life and Death
Lake country
The origin of death : studies in African mythology
H is for hawk
The wind is not a river
Good people
H Is for hawk
No way to go
Following her near-death experience as shared in the New York Times bestseller Dying to Be Me, Anita Moorjani knows well the truths that exist beyond common knowledge and acceptance. The clarity she has gained has led her to further understand who she was born to be.  Part of that truth has involved contemplating the cultural myths infused into our everyday lives. Passed down from generation to generation, these myths are pervasive and influential. From the belief we reap what we sow to the idea we must always be positive, cultural myths are often accepted as truths without questioning. Moorjani asserts it is now time for questioning in order to help us reach our fully informed, authentic selves.  Moorjani explores these common myths in their real-world existence while presenting examples from her own life that reveal the falsehoods beneath the surface. By freeing ourselves from these ubiquitous expectations, we can break open an honest pathway to life as it was meant to be lived.
Annihilation : the sense and significance of death
Death and loss : compassionate approaches in the classroom
Death in world religions : human responses to the inevitable
The way we die now
Purification and characterization of the mda-7 tumor suppressor protein expressed in insect cells
Mortality and music
August : Osage County
Monster in my closet
Very little... almost nothing : death, philosophy, literature
Theology, death and dying
The hour of our death
Experiences of death : an anthropological account
Death sentences : styles of dying in British fiction
Little black lies
Before I go to sleep : a novel
A right to die? : The Dax Cowart case
Questions and answers on death and dying : a companion volume to On death and dying
Questions and answers on death and dying
Kneller's happy campers
The evidence of death and dying has been removed from the everyday lives of most Westerners. Yet we constantly live with the awareness of our vulnerability as mortals. Drawing on a range of genres, bands and artists, Mortality and Music examines the ways in which popular music has responded to our awareness of the inevitability of death and the anxiety it can evoke. Exploring bereavement, depression, suicide, violence, gore, and fans' responses to the deaths of musicians, it argues for the social and cultural significance of popular music's treatment of mortality and the apparent absurdity of existence.
Old masters : a comedy
Death : the final stage of growth
The companions
Calreticulin 3 gene polymorphism in celiac disease and effects of gluten on calreticulin localization and expression in epithelial cells in vitro
How we die : reflections on life's final chapter
The cat mummy
Sex & death : stories
The passenger
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
Growing up in the slums around Stockholm, Yasmine vowed to protect her little brother from harm. She broke her promise on the day she left home, abandoning Fadi to his fate: just another immigrant kid in the ghetto. It's been five years since Yasmine saw her brother, but she has thought of him every day. Then she gets a message that he is dead, killed by a US drone in Syria. But something doesn't add up. Could sweet-natured Fadi really have become a rebel soldier? And why are there rumours that he is still alive? As Stockholm erupts into the worst riots the city has ever known, Yasmine must comb the streets to find her brother, and uncover the truth. What she doesn't know is that the truth could destroy them all.
The archaeology of death
What to do when someone dies
Death, desire and loss in Western culture
Through a glass, darkly
Dying well : a holistic guide for the dying and their carers
Melding the details of her own experience with the familial biographies of well-known contemporary writers, Miller recreates a common experience - the loss of a father or a mother - and exposes the often tortuous paths of mourning and attachment that we follow in the wake of loss. In the process, she offers pieces of personal history, revealing the mixed emotions provoked by her mother's sudden death from cancer and her father's painful struggle with Parkinson's disease. Memoirs about the loss of parents show how enmeshed in the family plot we have been and the price of our complicity in its stories. The death of parents forces us to rethink our lives, to reread ourselves. We read for what we need to find. Sometimes, we also find what we didn't know we needed.
Black gate : the black gate does not wait for the soul to die. Vol 1-3
Lost stars, or, What Lou Reed taught me about love
The great wheel
Making REDD+ work for communities and forests : three shared lessons for project designers
The brother
Death and Mortality - From Individual to Communal Perspectives
Death and life
Romeo and Juliet
Abstract (s. 4) .
Dark secrets. [1] : Lecagy of lies ; Don't tell
The revival of death
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
"For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question What makes a life worth living? At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi's transformation from a naive medical student "possessed," as he wrote, "by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life" into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.  What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir.  Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything," he wrote. "Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: 'I can't go on. I'll go on.'" When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both.  Advance praise for When Breath Becomes Air    "Rattling, heartbreaking, and ultimately beautiful, the too-young Dr. Kalanithi's memoir is proof that the dying are the ones who have the most to teach us about life."--Atul Gawande  "Thanks to When Breath Becomes Air, those of us who never met Paul Kalanithi will both mourn his death and benefit from his life. This is one of a handful of books I consider to be a universal donor--I would recommend it to anyone, everyone."--Ann Patchett"--
Death : the high cost of living
The sisters
Demolition
Changes in place of death in Sweden 2004-2011 : a study of urban elderly receiving public eldercare services
Mortality and immortality : the anthropology and archaeology of death : proceedings of a meeting of the Research Seminar in Archaeology and Related Subjects held at the Institute of Archaeology, London University, in June 1980
Bridge to Terabithia
On love and death
To live until we say good-bye
Past sins
Caring for dying and meeting death : the views of Iranian and Swedish nurses and student nurses
What she left
Boogiepop doesn't laugh.2
Death and personal survival : the evidence for life after death
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
Sabbath's theater
The sacred art of dying : how world religions understand death
The sky is everywhere
Death and spirituality
Antoine meets Natalie, the woman of his dreams. They have two children and Antoine thrives in his work for an insurance company, investigating claims to reduce his firm's pay-outs. But soon Natalie drifts away from him, beginning an affair, and Antoine loses his job when he lets his heart overrule his head.
Mirrors of mortality : studies in the social history of death
