http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6263 car dealers
car dealers
The Isaac Newton school of driving : physics & your car
Asphalt nation : how the automobile took over America, and how we can take it back
Labour and the motor industry
Customer database utilization with Tampereen Autocenter Oy
Blue-collar stratification : autoworkers in four countries
Learning Curves : an inspiring guide to improve your design sketch skills
Understanding primary stakeholders of a firm in response to market integration in the European Union : Volkswagen, 1960-2005
A road unforeseen : women fight the Islamic State
The limits of globalization : cases and arguments
The Toyota way to lean leadership : achieving and sustaining excellence through leadership development
An examination of how the automobile has ravaged America's cities and landscape in the 20th century together with a strategy for reversing America's automobile dependency.
Sustaining and developing business relationships in a car rental company : case Hertz Finland
Business life pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Customer profiling in Finnish car trade
Manual of travel agency practice
Starting a Small Business in Tampere Region in Finland : Business plan
Location behaviour and relationship stability in international business networks : evidence from the automotive industry
The Toyota way : 14 management principles from the world's greatest manufacturer
Improving the key process of Tikkurilan Auto-Arita Oy
Opportunities for cost reductions by the use of intermodal transports : intermodal production as an alternative for pure road production
Impact biomechanics
Different models of electronic commerce : integration of value chains and business processes
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Henry Ford's lean vision : enduring principles from the first Ford motor plant
My life and work
International management : managing across borders and cultures : text and cases
Indian autonomies : keywords and key texts
Online Business Strategy: Mazda Motor Europe GmbH
Thermodynamics for dummies
The labor wars in Córdoba, 1955-1976 : ideology, work, and labor politics in an Argentine industrial city
English abstract.
International transportation modes and documentation : Case: Dm Auto
To serve and to experience : an autoethnographic study of simultaneous church interpreting
Inside the politics of self-determination
Transnational cooperation of ethnopolitical mobilization : a survey analysis of European ethnopolitical groups
Travel and tourism in Europe
Harmonization of vechile weights and dimensions : consequences in Finland
After the future
Importing classic cars : business plan, execution and previous outcomes
Revolution in Rojava : democratic autonomy and women's liberation in Syrian Kurdistan
After the Future explores our century-long obsession with the concept of "the future." Beginning with F. T. Marinetti's "Futurist Manifesto" and the worldwide race toward a new and highly mechanized society that defined the "Century of Progress," highly respected media activist Franco Berardi traces the genesis of future-oriented thought through the punk movement of the early '70s and into the media revolution of the '90s. Cyberculture, the last truly utopian vision of the future, has ended in a clash, and left behind an ever-growing system of virtual life and actual death, of virtual knowledge and actual war. Our future, Berardi argues, has come and gone; the concept has lost its usefulness. Now it's our responsibility to decide what comes next. Drawing on his own involvement with the Autonomia movement in Italy and his collaboration and friendship with leading thinkers of the European political left, including Félix Guattari and Antonio Negri, Berardi presents a highly nuanced analysis of the state of the contemporary working class, and charts a course out of the modern dystopian moment. Franco Berardi, better known in the United States as "Bifo", is an Italian autonomist philosopher and media activist. One of the founders of the notorious Radio Alice, a pirate radio station that became the voice of the autonomous youth movement of Bologna in the late 1970s, Bifo is the author of multiple works of theory, including the recently published The Soul at Work and "The Post-Futurist Manifesto".
A business plan for a low-cost car rental company in the Tampere area : case: North North Rent-A-Car
Forces of labor : workers' movements and globalization since 1870
Automobile workers and the American dream
The white tiger : Aravind Adiga
The uneasy alliance : collaboration between the Finnish opposition and the Russian underground 1899-1904
Business plan for establishing an auto car-washing service in Hanoi, Vietnam
Dynasties : fortunes and misfortunes of the world's great family businesses
High noon in the automotive industry
Loyalty marketing in automobile dealerships : case: car dealer X
Innovative business opportunities for high-autonomous vehicles : a user-centric oriented approach within Volkswagen A.G
Henry Ford
Industrial development in Russia and the transportation corridor of Southern Finland
A history of the Finnish church
Independence or incorporation? : the idea of Poland's national self-determination and independence within the Russian and Soviet socialism from the 1870s to 1920s
Recasting the machine age : Henry Ford's village industries
Superbrands Finland : an insight into the strongest Finnish brands 2005
In a global economy, no nation is self-sufficient. Few nations would be able to maintain their current or even adequate standard of living without international trade. The growing world trade has had a drastic effect on road transportation.  Road transportation has been growing steadily every year and along with it production costs have increased. Therefore demand for alternative transportation methods has risen. This bachelor  ́s thesis researches intermodal transportation as a cost-effective alternative for road transportation. Intermodal transportation is seen as a growing field in the land transportation industry. Traditionally, intermodal transportation has been seen as a complex and slow alternative. To challenge this argument, the study also focuses on the production capabilities of intermodal transportation. In the industry lowered production costs have always been the key factor, however environmentally sound transportation methods are becoming a trend and intermodal transportation is seen as the solution. The focus of this thesis is on a specific intermodal trade lane of Schenker AG, one of the leading logistics companies in the world. Schenker already has road transportation business in the trade lane running from Central Europe to Northern Spain, thus the current road volumes in the trade lane are known. This research presents how much the gross profit margin would increase in the trade lane  and what kind of savings would be made with the use of intermodal transportation. Results show that intermodal transportation is a viable alternative for pure road transportation. It is not only a more cost-effective way of producing, but also allegations of slow production times are denied.
Improvement of Käyttöauto Tampere image in Finland
Negotiating autonomy in greater China : Hong Kong and its sovereign before and after 1997
The objective of this thesis was to create a comprehensive business plan for a small start-up business and investigate the feasibility of establishing a low-cost car rental company in the Tampere area. This thesis examined the theory of business planning and company establishment processes in a small business perspective, which was applied into practice by creating business plan for an imaginary low-cost car rental company North North Rent-A-Car.   The study was conducted by using various research methods to gain a deeper understanding of the business environment and customer markets. Primary data collection was done by conducting market survey at strategically significant locations in order to get reliable information of consumer habits and market trends. Secondary data was collected using assorted business literature, Internet resources and books.   The practical business plan for North North Rent-A-Car was based on the results of the market research and theory of business planning. The results of the market research imply that there is demand for a low-cost car rental company in the Tampere area. The study found that establishing a low-cost car rental company would be feasible in the chosen area.
Car guys vs. bean counters : the battle for the soul of American business
The Baltic States : the national self-determination of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania
On the way to statehood : secession and globalisation
Car rental for employees' business trips :  survey in Turku region
Eyes on the road : eye movements and the visual control of locomotion in curve driving
1. Comparative evaluation of dummy responce with thor-lx/HIIIr and hybrid III lower extremities   2. Simulation and identification of the neck muscle activities during head and neck flexion whiplash / Deng, Yih-Charg   3. Pedestrial throw kinematics in forward projection collisions   4. Human occupant kinematics in low speed side impacts   5. Finite element analysis using muscles elements and experimental analysis with a new flexible neck model of whiplash injuries in rear-end collisions / Yoshida, Hiroaki   6. An analysis of recent accidents involving upper extremity fractures associated with airbag deployment   7. Optimization of bumper structure for pedestrial lower leg impact / Han, Ha Yong   8. Load distribution-specific viscoelastic characterization of the hybrid III chest   9. Responce of the 6-month-old CRABI in foreward facing and rear facing child restraints to a simulated real world impact   10. Investigation of ocular injuries from high velocity objects in an automobile collision   11. Relationships between impact pulse duration and occupant kinematics in low speed rear impacts / Szabo, Thomas J.   12. Neck biomechanical responses with active head restrains : rear barrier tests with bioRID and sled tests with hybrid III.
International business and tourism : global issues, contemporary interactions
Exploring engineering : an introduction for freshman to engineering and to the design process
A small key can open a large door : the Rojava revolution
Indian and Chinese enterprises : global trade, technology and investment regimes
The machine that changed the world
