http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6267 professional knowlegde
professional knowlegde
Professional vocalist : a handbook for commercial singers and teachers
Abstract: Learning in working life projects.
ICT and e-business skills and training in Europe : towards a comprehensive European e-skills reference framework : final synthesis report
The utilisation of information and communications technology in vocational education institutions
Bringing knowledge back in : from social constructivism to social realism in the sociology of education
Expert identity in development of core-task-oriented working practices for mastering demanding situations
A professional community goes online : a study of an online learning community in general medicine
Lifelong learning : citizens' views in close-up : findings from a dedicated Eurobarometer survey
Internet and change : an anthropology of knowledge and flexible work
"Becoming an Archaeologist: A Guide to Professional Pathways is an engaging handbook on career paths in the area of archaeology. It outlines in straightforward fashion the entire process of getting a job in archaeology, including the various options; the training that is required; and how to get positions in the academic, commercial, and government worlds. It also includes discussion of careers in related heritage professions such as museums and conservation societies. The book includes a series of interviews with real archaeologists, all young professionals who began their careers within the last ten years. These insider guides offer essential tips on how they got their first job and progressed in their careers. Written in an accessible style, the book is essential reading for anyone interested in the realities of archaeology in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Trends and skill needs in tourism
How the Polytechnic engineering studies respond to the needs of working life case study: Nokia Oyj
Becoming an interior designer : a guide to careers in design
Pharmacists and life-long learning in the United Kingdom
Key qualifications in work and education
Foundations of evidence-based social work practice
Untruthful nurses : threshold of autonomy - when nurses cannot be truthful to patients
ICT practitioner skills and training : automotive industry
Summary and conclusions (s. 94-100).
Risk savvy : how to make good decisions
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Working and learning together for change
Clinical skills for speech-language pathologists
ICT practioner skills and training : banking and financial services
Taking steps towards the knowledge society : reflections on the process of knowledge development
Executive summary.
The teaching principles of the embedded systems
Research-based teacher education in Finland : reflections by Finnish teacher educators
The role of knowledge in the early internationalization : a study of Finnish cleantech companies
Teacher thinking twenty years on : revisiting persisting problems and advances in education
Executive summary (s. 13-18).
A common European framework for teachers' professional profile in ICT for education
Knowledge and practice : reprensentations and identities
Summary (s. 5-7).
Totems and taboos : risk and relevance in research on teachers and teaching
Educating teachers in the PISA paradise : perspectives on teacher education at a Finnish university
Means to retain key talent in international mergers and acquisitions
Design connections : knowledge, value and involvement through design
Educational development : through information and communications technology
TTnet dossier. 5, Validation of competences and the professionalisation of teachers and trainers : [Validation des acquis et professionnalisation des enseignants et formateurs]
Nurses` knowledge, experiences and attitudes about HIV and AIDS in Finland
Introduction to the library and information professions
Analog synthesizers : understanding, performing, buying : from the legacy of Moog to software synthesis
Practice research in Nordic social work : knowledge production in transition
Bad education : debunking myths in education
The need for competences due to the increasing use of information and communication technologies
Professionals' experiences with Open Dialogues with young people's social networks - identity, role and teamwork : a qualitative study
The quality assurance of the CME/CPD for physicians at the international and national level
European perspectives on learning at work : the acquisition of work process knowledge
Vocational teachers' professional agency in the stream of change
Fundamentals of civil engineering : an introduction to the ASCE body of knowledge
Learning to teach geography in the secondary school : a companion to school experience
E-learning and training in Europe : a survey into the use of e-learning in training and professional development in the European Union
"It has long been recognised that specialised knowledge is at the core of what distinguishes professions from other occupations. The privileged status of professions in most countries, however, together with their claims to autonomy and access to specialised knowledge, is being increasingly challenged both by market pressures and by new instruments of accountability and regulation. Established and emerging professions are increasingly seen as either the solution, or as sources of conservatism and resistance to change in western economies, and recent developments in professional education draw on a competence model which emphasises what newly qualified members of a profession 'can do' rather than what 'they know'. This book applies the disciplines of the sociology of knowledge and epistemology to the question of professional knowledge. What is this knowledge? It goes beyond traditional debates between 'knowing how' and 'knowing that', and 'theory' and 'practice'. Each chapter ranges widely from discussions of the threats to the knowledge base of established professions including engineers and architects, to the fraught situations faced by occupations whose fragile knowledge base and professional status is increasingly challenged by new forms of control. While recognising that graduates seeking employment as members of a profession need to show their capabilities, the book argues for reversing the trend that blurs or collapses the skill/knowledge distinction. Knowledge, Expertise and the Professions will be key reading for students, researchers and academics in the fields of professional expertise, further education, higher education, the sociology of education, and the sociology of the professions"--
Understanding problem-based learning
International trends in lifelong learning for pharmacists : what's new?
Development and change of professional cognitions and action orientations of Finnish teachers
Summary (s. 3-5).
Lost knowledge : confronting the threat of an aging workforce
Clinical and professional reasoning in occupational therapy
Professional knowledge and educational restructuring in Europe
The new information professional : how to thrive in the information age doing what you love
Knowledge, expertise and the professions
Summary (s. 11-23).
Executive summary (s. 9-19).
Education and the knowledge society : information technology supporting human development
Phronesis as professional knowledge : practical wisdom in the professions
Deep smarts : how to cultivate and transfer enduring business wisdom
Abstract: The need for information of a newcomer nurse at an outpatient policlinic.
Continuing professional development : preparing for new roles in libraries : a voyage of discovery : Sixth world conference on continuing professional development and workplace learning for the library and information professions
Learning in landscapes of practice : boundaries, identity, and knowledgeability in practice-based learning
Counternarratives : studies of teacher education and becoming and being a teacher
Being geek : the software developer's career handbook
How pharmacists update their professional skills and knowledge in Finland : development since the 1980s
Organizational intelligence : knowledge and policy in government and industry
Becoming an archaeologist : a guide to professional pathways
Teachers' intelligent networks : study on relationship-based professional development supported by collaborative learning technologies
Radiography : study guide and registry review
ICT practioner skills and training solutions at sub-degree and vocational level in Europe : guidelines for ICT training and curriculum development
Evidence-based social work : towards a new professionalism?
Research evidence implementation and its requirements in nursing education
From novice to expert : excellence and power in clinical nursing practice
Tacit pedagogical knowing : at the core of teacher's professionality
Essential teaching skills
Communication and organizational knowledge : contemporary issues for theory and practice
Rethinking information work : a career guide for librarians and other information professionals
What concerns teacher students in teaching?
Fashion & textiles : the essential careers guide
Knowledge creation and organizational learning in communities of practice : an empirical analysis of a healthcare organization
Summary (s. 9-11).
What they didn't teach you in photo school : what you actually need to know to succeed in this industry
Empowering teachers as lifelong learners : reconceptualizing, restructuring and reculturing teacher education for the information age
Smartphones in vocational tourism education : truly useful or just another reason to find new excuses
Social work practice : a critical thinker's guide
ICT practioner skills and training : graphic arts and media sector
Fashion design course : [principles, practice, and techniques: the practical guide for aspiring fashion designers]
Summary (s. 9).
Knowing work : the social relations of working and knowing
Gateway to engineering
