http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6270 revivalist movements
revivalist movements
Pieties in transition : religious practices and experiences, c.1400-1640
Revival and communication : studies in the history of scandinavian revivals, 1700 - 2000
Ahmadiyyat : the renaissance of Islam
Rethinking the place of religion in Finland
All things are possible : the healing and charismatic revivals in modern America
Embers of revival: laestadian schisms in northeast Minnesota, 1900-1940
Revival preachers and politics in thirteenth-century Italy : the great devotion of 1233
Charles G. Finney and the spirit of American Evangelicalism
Table of Plenty : Favorite Worship Songs
A time to laugh : the holy laughter phenomenon examined
A history of the Finnish church
Encyclopedia of religious revivals in America. Vol. 2, Primary documents
Anglican-Moravian conversations
"I can sing Hallellujah!" : hymn as non-elite women's genre in nineteenth-century Finland
Schartauan female piety
The classics on revival
From deprived to revived : religious revivals as adaptive systems
A history of the Brethren movement : its origins, its worldwide development and its significance for the present day
Community, participation, and faith : contemporary challenges of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
They heard his voice
Revivals were outburst of religious enthusiasm in which there were numerous conversions. They occurred in many places across the globe, but revealed the shared characteristics of evangelical Protestantism. In this book the phenomenon of revival is set in its broad historical context and a chapter discusses the ways in which the subject has been addressed by previous historians. Seven chapters provide detailed case-studies of awakenings that took place between 1841 and 1880 in Britain, North America, and Australia, showing that the distinctive features of particular revivals were the result less of national differences than of denominational variations. There is full exploration of the preconditions of revival, giving attention to the cultural setting of each episode as well as the form of piety displayed by the participants. No single cause can be assigned to the awakenings, but it is evident that occupational structure was one of the chief factors behind them and that striking instances of death were often a precipitant. It becomes apparent that ideas were far more involved in these events than historians have normally supposed, so that the case-studies demonstrate some of the main patterns in religious thought at a popular level during the Victorian period. Laymen and women played a disproportionate part in their promotion and converts were usually drawn in large numbers from the young. There was a trend over time away from traditional spontaneity towards more organised methods entailing interdenominational co-operation. The local studies reveal a great deal about global religious tendencies.
A moving faith : mega churches go south
Modern Christian revivals
The Toronto blessing - or is it?
This book will employ historical archaeological evidence to broadly examine the forces that fed the Second Great Awakening and how a range of communities responded to the activist religious fervor of the time.
The Cambridge companion to Jonathan Edwards
The savage altar
Religious media theory : understanding mediated faith and Christian applications of modern media
Pietism, revivalism and modernity, 1650-1850
Gender and popular religion : women as religious leaders and participants in revivalist movements in Northern Sweden, 1770-1870
The Jamaa and the church : a Bantu catholic movement in Zaïre
The great awakening : the roots of evangelical Christianity in colonial America
The Ahmadiyah movement : a history and perspective
The Welsh revival of 1904
Finnish folk hymn singing : study in music anthropology
I will pour out My Spirit : a history and theology of revivals and evangelical awakenings
Dynamics of spiritual life : an evangelical theology of renewal
Revivalist movements and religious contracultures in Finland
Conscience and community : revisiting toleration and religious dissent in early modern England and America
A social history of the Disciples of Christ. Vol. 2, Sources of division in the Disciples of Christ, 1865-1900
Religious rituals and social norms in the making of adaptive systems : empirical and theoretical synthesis on revivals in 19th century Finland
A social history of the Disciples of Christ. Vol. 1, Quest for a Christian America, 1800-1865
Victorian religious revivals : culture and piety in local and global contexts
The Strategy of the spirit?
The Toronto blessing
The religious movements in Ostrobothnia
Finnish revivalist movements and the development of literary Finnish
Amish roots : a treasury of history, wisdom, and lore
Charles Grandison Finney, 1792-1875 : revivalist and reformer
The basis of the book consists mainly of the material collected for the Church's four-year report 2008-2011 [Haastettu kirkko, ISBN 978-951-693-320-0].
Shepherd boy becomes spiritual elder
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Encyclopedia of religious revivals in America. Vol. 1, A-Z
Revivals, awakenings, and reform : an essay on religion and social change in America, 1607-1977
Words, wonders and power : understanding contemporary Christian fundamentalism and revivalism
An introduction to German pietism : protestant renewal at the dawn of modern Europe
Evangelical spirituality
What is the exact nature of the link between religion and social cohesion? This book describes how fluctuations in socioeconomic environment can create a process where ritual behavior works to alleviate uncertainties in social commitment. A case study of Finland's 19th-century Christian revivals illustrates this process. This volume is particularly relevant to those interested in the role of religion in human evolution and in organizing society.
Early evangelicalism : a global intellectual history, 1670-1789
The Laestadian movement in America
The grace of the caller : in laestadian christianity
Religious revivals in Britain and Ireland, 1859-1905
The New Awakened Laestadians
Jonathan Edwards at home and abroad : historical memories, cultural movements, global horizons
History of living christianity in America
Nordic frontiers : recent issues in the study of modern tra ditional culture in the Nordic countries
Nordic frontiers : recent issues in the study of modern traditional culture in the Nordic countries
Manslaughter, fornication and sectarianism : norm-breaking in Finland and the Baltic area from mediaeval to modern times
Evangelicalism in modern Britain : a history from the 1730s to the 1980s
A history of the brethren movement : its origins, its worldwide development and its significance for the present day
A Moving Faith captures the dynamic shift of Christianity to the South and portrays a global movement that promises prosperity, healing, empowerment, and gender equality by invoking neo - Pentecostal and Charismatic resources. It postulates that neither North America nor Europe is the current center of the Christian faith. The book provides a detailed overview of how migration of Christians from the South enriches the North, for instance, Pope Francis brings newness, freshness, and the vigor characteristic of the South. While describing Christianity's growth in the South, it suggests that, in fact, there is no center for this global faith. It explores this great move of Christianity by focusing on representative mega churches in South Korea, Brazil, Peru, Ghana, Nigeria, Australia, India, and the Philippines. -- Review: "In A Moving Faith by Dr Jonathan James, we see for the first time in a single coherent volume, not only that global Christianity in the mega church is on the rise, but in a concrete way, we are able to observe in detail what this looks like across a wide variety of locations, cultures, and habitus." -- Virginia Garrard-Burnett "The 21st century-once predicted by many commentators to be the secular century-has turned out to be the century of the mega church. Mega churches are to be found in every continent and are not simply to be equated with Pentecostalism. This wide ranging and fascinating collection of essays on mega churches, their media, and marketing strategies opens up the field for further exploration." -- Brian Stanley "Mega churches, usually associated with big independent congregations in America, are seen to be prevalent throughout much of the rest of the world. The chapters in this book offer careful, thoughtful, and perceptive accounts of the mega church phenomenon in the South. All who are concerned not only about the spread, but also the integrity of the Christian faith will greatly appreciate this book which assists us to see the big picture of World Christianity." -- Professor Mark A. Noll
A godly heritage : historical view of the Laestadian revival and development of the Apostolic Lutheran Church in America
Summary.
The Laestadian movement : disputes and divisions 1861-1997
Everyday religion : an archaeology of protestant belief and practice in the Nineteenth Century
Cultural studies on folk religion in Scandinavia
The Welsh revival library : a comprehensive digital collection of source materials
Holy laughter and the Toronto blessing : an investigative report
A new paradigm of Pentecostal power : a study of the Redeemed Christian Church of God in Nigeria
The journey of an immigrant awakening movement in America : and a brief history of Laestadianism and the Apostolic Lutheran Church
Share the fire : the Toronto blessing and grace-based evangelism
The wounds and blood of Jesus : a mission letter to friends in Finland, Africa and other continents
The inward knowledge of Christ : the letters and other writings
Revival and resurgence in Christian history : papers read at the 2006 Summer Meeting and the 2007 Winter Meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
Blessing the Church? : a review of the history and direction of the charismatic movement
Signs of revival
Recent research into revivalist movements in Finland
Convincing one's self and other people : the case of trance preacher Helena Konttinen
