http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p627 miracles
miracles
The probability of miracles : one summer to live a lifetime
Science and Orthodox life
Are miraculous gifts for today? : four views
In defense of miracles : a comprehensive case for God's action in history
The Cambridge companion to miracles
The art of healing : uncovering your inner wisdom and potential for self-healing
The phantom limb phenomen : a medical, folkloric and historical study : texts and translations of 10th to 20th century accounts of the miraculous restoration of lost body parts
Through the looking-glass and what Alice found there
'Wonder' and other essays : eight studies in aesthetics and neighbouring fields
The miracle stories of the early Christian tradition
The death and life of Charlie St Cloud
Questions of miracle
The art of Cistercian persuasion in the Middle Ages and beyond : Caesarius of Heisterbach's Dialogue on miracles and its reception
Miracles from heaven
"Caught in the act", walking on the sea, and the release of Barabbas revisited
The devil, disease and deliverance : origins of illness in New Testament thought
Credible, incredible : the miraculous in the ancient Mediterranean
Antibacterial properties of Croton species
The wonders of the world : a popular and authentic account of the marvels of nature and of man as they exist to-day. Vol. 1
Jesus the miracle worker : a historical & theological study
Signs of God : miracles and their interpretation
Strange wonder : the closure of metaphysics and the opening of awe
Charlie and the chocolate factory
Miracles of the Virgin in medieval England : law and Jewishness in Marian legends
Simon and the bear : a Hanukkah tale
The wonders of the world : a popular and authentic account of the marvels of nature and of man as they exist to-day. Vol. 2
Big wonders of the world
Why spacemen can't burp
Wonder, the rainbow, and the aesthetics of rare experiences
The mice who sing for sex
A lion among men
Beyond the body : an investigation of out-of-the-body experiences
The medieval imagination : mirabile dictu : essays in honour of Yolande de Pontfarcy Sexton
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
Anthropomorphism and miracle
The translation of the bones
White magic : an introduction to the folklore of Christian legend
Miracles at the Jesus Oak : histories of the supernatural in Reformation Europe
Governing spirits : religion, miracles, and spectacles in Cuba and Puerto Rico, 1898-1956
Summary in Estonian.
The vow : the true events that inspired the movie
Marcus Aurelius' rain miracle and the Marcomannic wars
The woman with the blood flow (Mark 5:24-34) : narrative, iconic, and anthropological spaces
Surprised by the power of the Spirit : a former Dallas Seminary professor discovers that God speaks and heals today
Miracles : God, science, and psychology in the paranormal. Volume 3, Parapsychological perspectives
The sacred history : how angels, mystics and higher intelligence made our world
The traveller's atlas of sacred & historical places : a guide to the world ́s most mystical places
The complete adventures of Charlie and Mr Willy Wonka
The philosophy of miracles
"Calling on her almost encyclopedic knowledge of conditions in the first-century Mediterranean world, Professor Cotter discusses the miracle stories reported in the Gospel of Mark in terms of the likely reaction of contemporary people upon seeing them or hearing of them. This enables her to portray the Jesus of these stories in terms of his divine authority and power and also as an example of how his followers are to treat those to whom they proclaim the gospel. The book is an excellent source for both historical information and theological reflection; Paul J. Achtemeier"
The God of nature : incarnation and contemporary science
Miracles in Greco-Rman antiquity : a sourcebook
Extreme nature : [the weirdest animals and plants on the planet]
The legitimacy of miracle
The miracles of Santo Fico
Writing faith : text, sign, and history in the miracles of Sainte Foy
Chasing sunsets : [a novel]
How to see your angels : a guide to attracting heavenly beings that heal, help and inspire
Hume on miracles
Miracles and imagery in Luke and John : Festschrift Ulrich Busse
Ripley's believe it or not! 2015 : reality shock!
The divine matrix : bridging time, space, miracles and belief
Blessed John the Wonderworker : a preliminary account of the life and miracles of archbishop John Maximovitch
The basic contention of The Legitimacy of Miracle is that a priori philosophical dismissals of the possibility or probability of justified belief in miracles fail. Whether or not it is rational to believe that events best understood as miracles actually occur is not to be decided on the basis of armchair theorizing, but rather on the basis of meticulous examination of the evidence. Such examination, however, needs to be set free from unwarranted assumptions that miracles are "impossible, improbable, or improper." Philosophical analysis can play an important role in clearing away conceptual underbrush and question begging presuppositions, but cannot take the place of detailed consideration of historical and contemporary evidence. The proper role of philosophy, as regards belief in miracles, is to provide an in-principle rejection of in-principle arguments either for or against.
A year of miracles : daily devotions and reflections
The motif of wonder in the gospel of Mark
Miracles in Enlightenment England
The seven wonders of the world : a history of the modern imagination
A defense of Hume on miracles
Water into wine? : an investigation of the concept of miracle
When We're Up Against It : Real Life Examples
How fast can you fart? : Dr Dino's learnatorium
The annunciation of Francesca Dunn
Miracles : a preliminary study
Miracles and the Venerable Bede
Tears to triumph : the spiritual journey from suffering to enlightenment
The encyclopedia of the unexplained : curious phenomena, strange supertitions and ancient mysteries
Brick wonders : ancient, modern, and natural wonders made from LEGO
Translation of the bones
You might be a zombie and other bad news : shocking but utterly true facts
James and the giant peach
The wonder of all things
Seven wonders of the ancient world
Semiotics of religion : signs of the sacred in history
Why you need a passport when you*re going to puke : fascinating facts from around the world!
Great mysteries
Whitaker's world of weird
Wonder : from emotion to spirituality
The Christ of the miracle stories : portrait through encounter
Miracles and wonders : how God changes his natural laws to benefit you
Protected by angels : magical true stories of angelic intervention
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell
It can't be true!
The indestructible fairy tale : the role and meaning of fairy tales for adult women
Signs, wonders, miracles : representations of divine power in the life of the church : papers read at the 2003 summer meeting and the 2004 winter meeting of the ecclesiastical history society
Flight behavior : a novel
Understanding the Qur'anic miracle stories in the modern age
How much poo does an elephant do? : ...and further fascinating facts!
Miracles and pilgrims : popular beliefs in medieval England
The Jewish context of Jesus' miracles
The Kingdom and the power : are healing and the spiritual gifts used by Jesus and the early church meant for the church today? : a biblical look at how to bring the Gospel to the world with power
Contextualizing miracles in the christian west 110-1500 : new historical approaches
Explores the implications of Quranic miracle stories for the modern era. Examines the medieval Muslim debate over miracles, and connects its insights with early and late modern turning points in modern Western thought as well as contemporary Quranic interpretation.
Alice : madness returns : PlayStation 3
The case of the man who died laughing : from the files of Vish Puri, "most private investigator"
"A Companion to the Anthropology of the Middle East presents a comprehensive overview of current trends and future directions in anthropological research and activism in the modern Middle East"--
Two essays on Biblical and on ecclesiastical miracles
Come Holy Spirit : learning to minister in power
Miracles and the medieval mind : theory, record, and event, 1000-1215
An angel changed my life : uplifting true-life stories of miraculous healing
Strange but true!
Circus Mirandus
Medical miracles : doctors, saints, and healing in the modern world
"Our Lord's miracle" : talking about working wonders
Miraculous stories from the Japanese Buddhist tradition : the Nihon ryōiki of the monk Kyōkai
A treasury of Russian spirituality
Miracles : God, science, and psychology in the paranormal. Volume 2, Medical and therapeutic events
This publication starts from a particular passage in the New Testament that tells the story of a “woman with an issue of blood.” The gospel relates how the so-called Haemorrhoissa is healed the very moment she touches Christ's garment. This publication forms the first - and so far the only – interdisciplinary study of this particular biblical motif from an exegetical, art-historical and anthropological point of view. Contributing scholars interpret the impact of this biblical miracle on Christian texts, material culture and healing archetypes in the Middle Ages and Early Modernity. The story and its Nachleben in literary commentaries and various iconographies unveil a particular energy in Christendom related to ideas about the female body, the role of textile, and the magical impact of touch. The Woman with the Blood Flow (Mark 5:24-34). Narrative, Iconic, and Anthropological Spaces contributes to all research in the humanities concerned with gender, the sensorium, Judeo-Christian attitudes towards blood and taboo, and early Christian material culture in the East and West. Its trajectory ultimately reveals the crucial mystery at the heart of image-making as such.
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West
Superscience : explaining the paranormal
Hidden history : lost civilizations, secret knowledge, and ancient mysteries
Miracles, missions, and American Pentecostalism
The son rises : the historical evidence for the resurrection of Jesus
Mysterious places
Myron's magic cow
Suffering saints : Jansensists and Convulsionnaires in France, 1640-1799
Miracles : wonder and meaning in world religions
Messiah, the healer of the sick : a study of Jesus as the Son of David in the Gospel of Matthew
Word, image, and experience : dynamics of miracle and self-perception in sixth-century Gaul
The land of decoration
A companion to the anthropology of the Middle East
The mystery of the Hanging Garden of Babylon : an elusive world wonder traced
Through miracles from doubt to trust
The miracle stories of the founders and saints of the major world religions have much in common. Written by international experts, this Companion provides an authoritative and comparative study of miracles in not only Hinduism, Islam, Buddhism, Christianity and Judaism, but also, indigenous religions. The authors promote a discussion of the problems of miracles in our largely secular culture, and of the value of miracles in religious belief. The miracles of Jesus are also contextualized through chapters on the Hebrew Bible, classical culture to the Romans, Second Temple and early rabbinic Judaism and early Christianity. This book provides students with a scholarly introduction to miracles, which also covers philosophical, medical and historical issues.
In Tears to Triumph, the author argues that we-as a culture and as individuals-have learned to avoid facing pain. By doing so, we are neglecting the spiritual work of healing. Instead of allowing ourselves to embrace our hurt, we numb it, medicate it, dismiss it, or otherwise divert our attention so that we never have to face it. In refusing to acknowledge our suffering, we actually prolong it and deny ourselves the opportunity for profound wisdom-ultimately limiting our personal growth and opportunity for enlightenment. Frozen by denial, we are left standing in the breech. Whole industries profit from this immobility, and while they have grown rich, we have become spiritually poorer. As Marianne makes clear, true healing and transcendence can only come when we finally face our pain and wrestle with what it has to teach us. Written with warm compassion and profound wisdom, Tears to Triumph offers us a powerful way forward through the pain, to a deeper awareness of our feelings, our lives, and our true selves.
Son of a witch : a novel
Madwoman of the sacret heart
In this collection of essays, the product of a symposium held at the University of Regensburg in June 2011, scholars of the ancient Mediterranean explore the representation of miracles in ancient literature. The following key questions are addressed: How do ancient authors express their attitude toward the miracles they report? What value do they place in miraculous accounts? How do they qualify, cast doubt on, or deny the validity of a report? What are the relationships between the various literary genres and religious contexts within which miraculous stories are told? The contribution of this volume lies in the juxtaposition of various perspectives: Jewish, Christian and pagan authors are all brought into play; texts in which accounts of miracles are narrated are discussed alongside texts in which authors reflect on such accounts - either positively or negatively. Contributors: Jan Bremmer, Peter Busch, Jan Dochhorn, Laura Feldt, Hans Klein, Candida Moss, Christopher Mount, Heinz-Günter Nesselrath, Tobias Nicklas, Clare Rothschild, Janet Spittler, Günter Stemberger, Trevor Thompson, Gilbert Van Belle, Joseph Verheyden, Meinolf Vielberg, Ruben Zimmermann
Our lady of Alice Bhatti
New Testament miracle stories in their religious-historical stetting : a religionsgeschichtliche comparision from a structural perspective
Black opera
Dying to be me : my journey from cancer, to near death, to true healing
On your farts, get set, go!
