http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6279 environmental health
environmental health
Green infrastructure and public health
Health, sustainability, and the built environment
The little green data book 2006.
Environmental engineering. [Vol. 2], Prevention and response to water-, food-, soil-, and air-borne disease and illness
Children's health and the environment : a global perspective : a resource manual for the health sector
Temperature-associated suicide mortality : contrasting roles of climatic warming and the suicide prevention program in Finland
With a summary in Swedish.
Socially sustainable Finland 2020 : strategy for social and health policy
Susceptibility to environmental hazards
Reviews in environmental health, 1998. Toxicological defense mechanisms and the shape of dose-response relationships : monograph based on papers presented at the Third BELLE Conference on Toxicological Defense Mechanisms and the Shape of Dose-response Relationships held 12-14 November 1996 in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina
2009 environment policy review
Processing water, wastewater, residuals, and excreta for health and environmental protection : an encyclopedic dictionary
Special reports: Teplice Program - the impact of air pollution on human health
Environmental health perspectives. Supplements
Air pollution
Radiation and human health : monograph based on papers presented at the International Conference on Radiation and Health held 3-7 November 1996 in Beer Sheva, Israel
Gene-environment interactions : fundamentals of ecogenetics
Environmental challenges in the Pacific Basin
Health impact assessment : past achievement, current understanding, and future progress
Radioactivity of surface water and freshwater fish in Finland in 1987 : supplement 3 to annual report STUK-A74
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery.
Research projects of STUK 2009-2011
Sensitising properties of active substances in biocidal products used in the Nordic Countries
Perceptions of health : water and sanitation problems in rural and urban communities in Nigeria
Street science : community knowledge and environmental health justice
Retrospective Study of Effects of Air Pollution on Human Health
Endocrine-disrupting chemicals in food
Nordtest method. NT CHEM
Monitoring of radionuclides in the Baltic Sea in 1988 : supplement 1 to annual report STUK-A89
Global health care : issues and policies
Environmental impact assessment methodologies
Integrating health impact assessment with the policy process : lessons and experiences from around the world
African flows : interim report of the research network, environment, health and information activities for communities in Africa - ENHICA
Wastewater pathogens
Vastine rahalle : kannanottoja terveyden edistämisen kustannusvaikuttavuuteen = Value for money : the cost-effectiveness of health promotion
Floods in the WHO European region : health effects and their prevention
Globalisation and ecological integrity in science and international law
Contaminated sites and health : report of two WHO workshops: Syracuse, Italy, 18 November 2011 ; Catania, Italy, 21-22 June 2012.
Managing the Environment - Managing the Society : seminar at May 2nd 2005 at 9-18, University Main Building, Helsinki : abstract volume
Climate change and global health
Population dose evaluation and standards for man and his environment : proceedings of a seminar, Portorož 20-24 May 1974 organized by the IAEA and WHO with the support of UNEP
Ecosystems and human well-being : synthesis
Executive summary.
Environmental chemistry for a sustainable world. Volume 1, Nanotechnology and health risk
Fog, smog and poisoned rain
Finnish research programme on environmental health 1998-2001 : evaluation report
"An abridgement of the reference work Water Treatment, 3rd Edition by the same team of authors, this  Student Edition maintains the same quality writing, illustrations, and worked examples as the larger book, but in a more manageable and inexpensive format. All topics are discussed from the ground up, from the basic fundamentals of water chemistry, to filtration, to the design of treatment trains. Designed specifically for civil or environmental engineering students, this edition includes end-of-chapter review questions, chapter summaries, a new glossary, and a solutions manual available online"--
Principles of environmental science : inquiry and applications
Environmental performance reviews : Lithuania
Calculated risks : understanding the toxicity and human health risks of chemicals in our environment
Current issues on chemical mixtures : monograph based on papers presented at the Conference on Current Issues on Chemicical Mixtures held 11-13 August 1997 in Fort Collins, Colorado
Dividing the waters : food security, ecosystem health, and the new politics of scarcity
Prediction of adoptee psychiatric disorders by interaction of genetic risk of schizophrenia and communication deviance divided by the word count of adoptive parents
Workshop on persistent organic pollutants (POPs) in the Arctic : human health and environmental concerns : proceedings of the workshop, Rovaniemi, 18-20 January 2000
The handbook of environmental health
The European health report 2002.
Environmental health
Ecosystem change and public health : a global perspective
Healing a wounded world : economics, ecology, and health for a sustainable life
The ecosystem approach : complexity, uncertainty, and managing for sustainability
Envronmental health and science desk reference
Improving environment and health in Europe : how far have we gotten?
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of infant development. Volume 2, Applied and policy issues
Your right to a healthy environment
Air quality in Europe : 2014 report
Environmental technologies handbook
Introducing medical anthropology : a discipline in action
Residential area and health:a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
"What is public health? To some, it is about the infrastructure for health - drains, water, food, housing. These require engineering and expert management. To others, it's about the State using medicine or health education to prevent the public harming itself through poor lifestyles. This book, part historical, part prospective, argues that public health needs an overhaul. It should return to and modernize itself around ecological principles. Ecological public health thinking addresses what are described as four levels of existence: the material, biological, social and cognitive worlds. The long tradition of public health has always been reactive, responding to and transforming the relationship between people, their circumstances and the biological world of nature and bodies. The authors show how twenty-first century public health is being shaped by a number of long-term transitions, some long recognized, others not. These transitions are demographic, epidemiological, urban, energy, economic, nutrition, biological, cultural and democracy itself. Facing them all is required if the health of people and the planet are to be integrated. Ecological public health thinking, the authors argue, has been marginalized partly because it has lacked clear analysis, and partly because of the scale and complexity of the issues which need to be addressed. Public health thinking has partly lost its way because it has been subsumed into the problems rather than championing solutions. Often linked to the State, it has adapted to consumerism rather than championing citizenship. Returning to ecological public health requires stronger and more daring combinations of interdisciplinary work, movements and professions, and a reinvigoration of institutional purpose"--Provided by publisher.
Endocrine disrupting chemicals
Handbook of environmental health. Vol. 2, Pollutant interactions in air, water, and soil
Do we listen to earthworms? : tools for evaluating the Finnish Action Plan on the sustainable use of plant protection products
Journal of the Air & Waste Management Association
Reviews in environmental health, 1997. Reproductive toxicology : reproductive assessment by continuous breeding : evolving study design and summaries of ninety studies
Toxicological profile for hexachlorobenzene
Natural environments and human health
Geographies of health : an introduction
This is the first book to summarize all aspects of allergenic pollen: production, atmospheric distribution, and health impacts, as well as the means of monitoring and forecasting these phenomena. Based on a four-year effort by a large group of leading European scientists, this book highlights the new developments in research on allergenic pollen, including the modelling prospects and effects of climate change. The multidisciplinary team of authors offers insights into the latest technology of detection of pollen and its allergenic properties, forecasting methods, and the influence of allergenic pollen on the population. The comprehensive coverage in this book makes it an indispensable volume for anyone dealing with allergenic pollen worldwide.Readers involved in environmental health, aerobiology, medicine, and plant science will find this book of interest.
Environmental health perspectives
Decision-making in environmental health : from evidence to action
The ecology of health : identifying issues and alternatives
Environmental health impacts of transport and mobility
Deceit and denial : the deadly politics of industrial pollution
Tecknological measurements in the mining industry in relation to environmentally friendly mining
Health and Environment in Sustainable Development: Five Years after the Earth Summit : Executive summary
Community/public health nursing : promoting the health of populations
Perils of progress : the health and environmental hazards of modern technology, and what you can do about them
Environmental and ethical aspects of long-lived radioactive waste disposal : proceedings of an International Workshop : Paris, 1-2 September 1994
Air quality in Europe : 2015 report
Disease in evolution : global changes and emergence of infectious diseases
Living in a chemical world : framing the future in light of the past
Integrated approaches for studying hazardous substances : monograph based on papers presented at the symposium on the Superfund Basic Research Program: A Decade of Improving Health Through Multi-Disciplinary Research, held 23-26 February 1997 in Durham, North Carolina
Cadmium in Fertilizers - risks to human health and the environment
Noise sensitivity : medical, psychological and genetic aspects
Selected terms and words of environmental health science
Our stolen future : are we threatening our fertility, intelligence, and survival? : a scientific detective story
Review, Assessment and Development of Search Engine for Residential Wood Combustion
Digital storytelling for HIV and AIDS education in Africa
4th International Conference on Nanotechnology - Occupational and Environmental Health : programme and abstracts : 26-29 August 2009, Helsinki Congress Paasitorni, Helsinki, Finland
Mandated science : science and scientists in the making of standards
Environment and health: perspectives from the intersectoral experience in Europe
Characterisation of food waste and slaughterhouse waste
Ympäristöterveydenhuoltoa kehittämään : työkirja kunnan ympäristöterveydenhuollon viranhaltijalle = Miljöhälsan står i fokus : arbetsbok för den kommunala miljövårdsmyndigheten = Development of environmental health : workbook for municipal environmental health care officials
Ecological public health : reshaping the conditions for good health
Metal ions in toxicology : effects, interactions, interdependencies
Impact of environmental pollution on health : balancing risk
E.coli : environmental health issues of VTEC 0157
Temporary employment and illness
Health effects of transport-related air pollution : summary for policy- makers
Climate change and health : a tool to estimate health and adaptation costs
Summary (s. 11-12).
Cost-benefit analysis and the environment : recent developments
Allergenic pollen : a review of the production, release, distribution and health impacts
Healthy agriculture, healthy nutrition, healthy people
Ecosystems, society, and health : pathways through diversity, convergence, and integration
Human health and environmental pollution in the Great Lakes
City planning for health and sustainable development
Taking action, saving lives : our duties to protect environmental and public health
"The WHO Regional Office for Europe prepared this economic analysis tool to support adaptation planning to protect health from the negative effects of climate change in European Member States. It is based on a review of the science, and provides step-by-step guidance on estimating: (a) the costs associated with damage to health due to climate change; (b) the costs for adaptation in various sectors to protect health from such damage; and (c) the efficiency of adaptation measures: the cost of adaptation versus the expected returns, or averted health costs. The tool is expected to be applied in Member States mainly by ministries responsible for climate-change adaptation. It consists of a document describing the methods step-by-step and a manual with an Excel spreadsheet, which is a visual aid for calculating costs. Requests for the Excel spreadsheet should be sent by e-mail to climatechange@ecehbonn.euro.who.int."
Indicators of hazardous chemicals : review and recommendations for further work
Summary (s. 11-15).
A study on life cycle assessment of dental prosthesis
Executive summary (s. 7-8).
Evaluation of the Department of Environmental Health, National Public Health Institute
PCBs : recent advances in environmental toxicology and health effects
Toxicology of natural and man-made fibrous and non-fibrous particles : monograph based on papers presented at the Sixth International Meeting on the Toxicology of Natural and Man-made Fibrous and Non-fibrous Particles, held 15-18 September 1996 in Lake Placid, New York
Losing hope : the environment and health in Russia
Quality of work life survey
Illustrated dictionary and resource directory of environmental & occupational health
Children's environmental health and disease prevention research
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
Life course approach to the development of hostility and anger : family origins in childhood and unemployment in adulthood
Residential area and health : a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Handbook of environmental health. Vol. 1, Biological, chemical, and physical agents of environmentally related disease
"In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery."
The consultation of independent experts by international courts and tribunals in health and environment cases
Summary.
Reconciling human existence with ecological integrity : science, ethics, economics and law
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
Human and ecological risk assessment : theory and practice
Health and the environment
Economic valuation of environmental health risks to children
Assessments are to change the world : prerequisites for effective environmental health assessment
Programme and abstracts : 8th International Symposium on Biological Monitoring in Occupational and Environmental Health including the NIVA Workshop on Biomonitoring in Occupational Health Practice : 6-8 September 2010, Hanasaari Cultural Centre, Espoo, Finland
Genetically engineered organisms : assessing environmental and human health effects
Theoretical and mathematical foundations of human health risk analysis : biophysical theory of environmental heatlh science
Natural arsenic in groundwater : occurence, remediation and management
Twenty years of selenium fertilization, September 8-9, 2005, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Environment for sustainable health development : an action plan for Sweden : report on the proposals presented
Reviews in environmental health, 1996. Indices - volume 103, supplements 1-9
Biotransformations : bioremediation technology for health and environmental protection
Changing climates, earth systems and society
Environmental decision making and risk management : selected essays
Cadmium in wood ash used as fertilizer in forestry: risks to the environment and human health
Selected terms and vocabulary of environmental health science
Assessing and controlling community noise with low frequency components
Executive summary (s. 15-27).
Preventing disease through healthy environments : towards an estimate of the environmental burden of disease
Environmental pollution : health and toxicology
Environmental geochemistry and health : a discussion
The six steps for a healthy school : a guide on the indoor environment in planning and building management
Hormones, hormone metabolism, environment, and breast cancer : a monograph based on papers presented at the Workshop on Hormones, Hormone Metabolism, Environment, and Breast Cancer held 28-29 September 1995, in New Orleans, Louisiana, at the Center for Bioenvironmental Research, Tulane/Xavier-University
Principles of water treatment
Environmental health perspectives : supplements. Special reports ; developing immune system : air pollution, endocrine disruptors, male reproductive health
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Our global environment : a health perspective
Fish consumption : human health effects and decision making
Food and water security
Health & environmental impact assessment : an integrated approach
Essential environment : the science behind the stories
Reclamation of VOCs, n-butanol and dichloromethane, from sodium chloride containing mixtures by pervaporation : towards efficient use of resources in the chemical industry
Health impact assessment : concepts, theory, techniques, and applications
The illusion of certainty : health benefits and risks
