http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6274 sense of justice
sense of justice
On law and reason
Journey toward justice : personal encounters in the global south
Empathy and moral development : implications for caring and justice
The spiritual roots of restorative justice
Political liberalism : [with a new introduction and the "Reply to Habermas"]
Character strengths and virtues : a handbook and classification
International commercial arbitration in China
Modern remedies : cases, practical problems and exercises
Love and justice as competences : three essays on the sociology of action
The problematics of moral and legal theory
Getting justice and getting even : legal consciousness among working-class Americans
Beyond humanism : the flourishing of life, self and other
Handbook of restorative justice : a global perspective
On valid law and valid moral norms
"Psychological research shows that our emotions and feelings often guide the moral decisions we make about our own lives and the social groups to which we belong. But should we be concerned that out important moral judgments can be swayed by "hot" passions, such as anger, disgust, guilt, shame and sympathy? Aren't these feelings irrational and counterproductive? Using a functional conflict theory of emotions (FCT), Giner-Sorolla proposes that each emotion serves a number of different functions, sometimes inappropriately, and that moral emotions in particular are intimately tied to problems faced by the individuals in a group, and by groups interacting with each other. Specifically, the author suggests that these emotions help us, as individuals and group members, to: Appraise developments in the environment Learn through association Regulate our own behavior Communicate convincingly with others. Drawing on extensive research, including many studies from the author's own lab, this book shows why emotions work to encourage reasonable moral behaviour, and why they sometimes fail. This is the first single-authored volume in the field of psychology dedicated to a separate examination of the major moral and positive emotions. As such, the book is ideal reading for researchers, postgraduates and undergraduates of social psychology, sociology, philosophy and politics"--
Conscience versus law : reflections on the evolution of natural law
Judging passions : moral emotions in persons and groups
Christianity's demographics, vitality, and influence have tipped markedly toward the global South and East. Addressing this seismic shift, one of today's leading Christian scholars reflects on what he has learned about justice through his encounters with world Christianity. Philosopher Nicholas Wolterstorff's experiences in South Africa, the Middle East, and Honduras have shaped his views on justice through the years. In this book he offers readers an autobiographical tour, distilling the essence of his thoughts on the topic. After describing how he came to think about justice as he does and reviewing the theory of justice he developed in earlier writings, Wolterstorff shows how deeply embedded justice is in Christian Scripture. He reflects on the difficult struggle to right injustice and examines the necessity of just punishment. Finally, he explores the relationship between justice and beauty and between justice and hope. This book is the first in the Turning South series, which offers reflections by eminent Christian scholars who have turned their attention and commitments toward the global South and East.
Transformations of democracy : crisis, protest and legitimation
Politics and the past : on repairing historical injustices
Political liberalism
Justice in social relations
