http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p628 karma
karma
Buddhism : a very short introduction
Narrating karma and rebirth : Buddhist and Jain multi-life stories
My name is Earl. Season two
Destiny, freedom, and the soul : what is the meaning of life?
What is karma?
"A philosophical exploration of the meaning, diversity, and ethical and religious significance of beliefs in reincarnation or rebirth"--
The Tibetan book of the dead : the manuscript of the Bardo Thödol
Reincarnation : true stories of past lives
Assassination classroom. 11, Time for sports day
Taidegraafikot 50 = Finnish Graphic Artists 50 : Suomen taidegraafikot ry:n 50-vuotisjuhlanäyttely = The 50th Anniversary Exhibition of the Society of Finnish Graphic Artists : 14.3.-5.4.1981
Karma : an anthropological inquiry
Meditation & dreamwork
Sri Aurobindo birth centenary library : de luxe edition. 16, The supramental manifestation and other writings
The Akashic records : unlock the infinite power, wisdom and energy of the universe
Ever caught yourself screaming, "I could just kill that teacher"? What would it take to justify such antisocial behavior and weeks of detention? Especially if he's the best teacher you've ever had? Giving you an "F" on a quiz? Mispronouncing your name during roll call...again? How about blowing up the moon and threatening to do the same to Mother Earthunless you take him out first?! Plus a reward of a cool 100 million from the Ministry of Defense! Okay, now that you're committed... How are you going to pull this off? What does your pathetic class of misfits have in their arsenal to combat Teach's alien technology, bizarre powers and...tentacles?! The students of 3-E turn a surplus of eggs to good use in pursuit of their usual goal. Karasuma teaches them the art of parkour while Koro Sensei teaches them the game of cops and robbers. Then, someone is stealing lingerie, and naturally Koro Sensei is the prime suspect! But is he being framed & and if so, by whom? Lastly, biologically modified Itona discovers that sometimes tentacles can be a burden rather than a gift. He puts everything he has got into his latest assassination attempt on Koro Sensei. But who will save Itona from himself?!
Kai Karma and empirical research on musicality : a personal note
The Zen of living and dying  : a practical and spiritual guide
Karmic astrology : the karma of the now. Vol. 4.
Assassination Classroom. 8, Time for an opportunity
Working with destiny. 2
Perspectives on karma and rebirth
Death : and after
My name is Earl. Season three
Assassination classroom. 6, Swim time
My name is Earl. Season One
Karma and creativity
Mielikuvia : suomalaisia lastenkirjankuvittajia = Images : Finnish illustrators of children's books
On the meaning of death : essays on mortuary rituals and eschatological beliefs
My name is Earl. Season four
A study of the Abhidharmahrdaya : the historical development of the concept of karma in the Sārvastivāda thought
Rebirth and personal identity : a philosophical study on Indian themes
Riding the tiger : twenty years on the road : risks and joys of bringing Tibetan Buddhism to the West
"3-E student Isogai breaks the school rules by working part-time to help support his family. When Gakushu and rest of the Big Four students find out, they use his secret as leverage to force 3-E to participate in a bizarre sports-day competition. Soon it's time for the school's midterm competition as well, but when some 3-E students accidentally injure the elderly owner of a day care/after-school program, Koro Sensei forbids them from studying and orders them to replace the old codger until he recovers. Assassination is one thing, but...babysitting little kids?! And then our friends rescue a cat."--Page [4] of cover.
Living karma : the religious practices of Ouyi Zhixu
Brushes with history
Encyclopedia of reincarnation and karma
Karma and reincarnation : the key to spiritual evolution and enlightment
Greater Magadha : studies in the culture of early India
Assassination Classroom. 3, Time for a transfer student
Karma ; dimensions of Asian spirituality
The magic of Lapland : Lapland in art from the 1800s to today : [Ateneum Art Museum, 18.6.2011-8.1.2012] / [editor-in-chief: Riitta Ojanperä] ; [editor (text and pictures): Anu Utriainen]
Luminous emptiness : understanding the Tibetan book of the dead
Punishment, atonement and merit in modern philosophy of religion
In praise of dharmadhātu : Nāgārjuna and the Third Karmapa, Rangjung Dorje
Assassination Classroom. 7, On island time
On my way to a happy life
The hidden history of the Tibetan book of the dead
The message in the teachings of kamma, rebirth, samsara : a gate to deeper understanding
Assassination classroom. 9, A shocking time
Buddhism, Christianity and the question of creation : karmic or divine?
After buddhism : rethinking the dharma for a secular age
Dying to wake up : a doctor's voyage into the afterlife and the wisdom he brought back
Muni : an incredible buddhist boyhood
Musings on the true theosophist's path
Imagining karma : ethical transformation in Amerindian, Buddhist, and Greek rebirth
Is the world created by a divine creator? Or is it the constant product of karmic forces? The issue of creation was at the heart of the classic controversies between Buddhism and Hindu Theism. In modern times it can be found at the centre of many polemical debates between Buddhism and Christianity. Is this the principal barrier that separates Buddhism from Christianity and other theistic religions? The contributions to Part One explore the various aspects of traditional and contemporary Buddhist objections against the idea of a divine creator as well as Christian possibilities to meet the Buddhist critique. Part Two asks for the potential truth on both sides and suggests a surprising way that the barrier might be overcome. This opens a new round of philosophical and theological dialogue between these two major traditions with challenging insights for both. Contributors: Jose I. CabezA^3n, John P. Keenan, Armin Kreiner, Aasulv Lande, John D'Arcy May, Eva K. Neumaier, Perry Schmidt-Leukel, Ernst Steinkellner. -- Review: 'I think the contents of this book are of considerable interest and represent a very important contribution to the discussion of theism in the context of Buddhist-Christian dialogue.' Dr Rupert Gethin, Department of Religions, University of Bristol, UK
Dr Rajiv Parti was the last man to believe in heaven or hell - until he saw them with his own eyes. Dr Parti was a wealthy man of science with a successful career as the Chief of Anesthesiology at the Bakersfield Heart Hospital in California. He demanded the same success from his son, whose failures provoked episodes of physical abuse from Dr Parti. However, his fate was overturned in 2005, when he was diagnosed with cancer. During his seventh operation against the disease, dying from sepsis with a 105 degree fever, Dr Parti left his body and watched his own operation from the ceiling. What followed was a profound near-death experience, in which Dr Parti was met by archangels and his deceased father, who led him to witness both heaven and hell. From the angels, he learned lessons of spiritual health that they insisted he bring down to earth - to do so, Dr Parti knew he had to change his ways. After his near-death experience, Dr Parti awoke a new man.
The law of Karma : a philosophical study
The students in Class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Junior High have a new teacher: an alien octopus with bizarre powers and unlimited strength, who's just destroyed the moon and is threatening to destroy the earth--unless they can kill him first!
Assassination Classroom. 4, Time to face the unbelievable
The students in Class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Junior High have a new teacher: an alien octopus with bizarre powers and unlimited strength, who's just destroyed the moon and is threatening to destroy the earth--unless they can kill him first! Mr Karasuma gives the 3-E students super-powered uniforms... with great results. What feats can they perform in their snazzy new outfits? Then Mr Karasuma gives Ms Vitch a bouquet for her birthday ... with disastrous results. Next, a 3-E teacher is kidnapped by master assassin the Grim Reaper, who threatens to kill his hostage if the students tell anyone. Their rescue attempt goes horribly awry, and soon they are the ones in need of rescuing! But at what cost to the world?
What it feels like for a girl : [3 December 2003 - 1 February 2004] ; Sinbad in the rented world : [11 February - 28 March 2004] / What it feels like for a girl / with an essay by Sally Mckay and a story by Sheila Heti ; Sinbad in the rented world / with an essay by R.M. Vaughan and a story by Derek McCormack
Destiny, Freedom, and the soul : What is the meaning of life
Karma and rebirth : post classical developments
Rebirth and the stream of life : a philosophical study of reincarnation, karma and ethics
Assassination classroom. 12. Time for the grim reaper
Turun koulun naiset 1920-1950 = Åboskolans kvinnor 1920-1950 = Women of the Turku school 1920-1950 / Margareta Willner-Rönnholm ; [toimittaja = redaktör: Heli Pirkkalainen]
The science of the soul : consisting of [Discourses and excerpts from letters]
Karma and rebirth
Assassination Classroom. 5, Time to show off a hidden talent
The Karma Release Meditation
Karma, causation and retributive morality : conceptual essays in ethics and metaethics
Buddhism and Jainism share the concepts of karma, rebirth, and the desirability of escaping from rebirth. The literature of both traditions contains many stories about past, and sometimes future, lives which reveal much about these foundational doctrines. Naomi Appleton carefully explores how multi-life stories served to construct, communicate, and challenge ideas about karma and rebirth within early South Asia, examining portrayals of the different realms of rebirth, the potential paths and goals of human beings, and the biographies of ideal religious figures. Appleton also deftly surveys the ability of karma to bind individuals together over multiple lives, and the nature of the supernormal memory that makes multi-life stories available in the first place. This original study not only sheds light on the individual preoccupations of Buddhist and Jain tradition, but contributes to a more complete history of religious thought in South Asia, and brings to the foreground long-neglected narrative sources.
The philosophy of Buddhism : a "totalistic" synthesis
Working with destiny. [1], The practice of karma research
The path of prayer : for a supreme dialogue
Nagisa risks it all in an attempt to take down the mastermind behind the biological attack on his classmates. After the dust settles, Koro Sensei gives his all to ignite summer romance between his students. Turns out their English teacher Ms. Jelavitch has her sights on someone...and everyone wants to help her get her target--er, the man of her dreams. Then, back at school, one of the students defects from the 3-E ranks for all the wrong reasons. How will they win him back before he inflicts irrevocable damage on them all?
Narrating Karma and Rebirth : Buddhist and Jain Multi-Life Stories
Profile of a researcher : Kai Karma
Death and life-giving waters : cremation, caste and cosmogony in Karmic traditions
The ringing radiance
The Tibetan book of the dead : a biography
Theory of karman in Indian thought
The Vedic origins of karma : cosmos as man in ancient Indian myth and ritual
The problem of rebirth
Musikaalisuuden ytimessä : juhlakirja Kai Karmalle = In the heart of musicality : essays in honour of Kai Karma
Karma and rebirth in classical Indian traditions
Von Karman evolution equations : well-posedness and long-time dynamics
Assassination classroom. 1, Time for assassination
Hinduism : doctrine and way of life
... to be continued ... : reincarnation & the purpose of our lives
Assassination classroom. 10, Time for robbery
In the outer court
The Tibetan book of the dead : the after-death experiences on the Bardo plane, according to Lāma Kazi Dawa-Samdup's English rendering
Karma : the compensator
"Rebirth and the Stream of Life explores the diversity as well as the ethical and religious significance of rebirth beliefs, focusing especially on Hindu and Buddhist traditions but also discussing indigenous religions and ancient Greek thought. Utilizing resources from religious studies, anthropology and theology, an expanded conception of philosophy of religion is exemplified, which takes seriously lived experience rather than treating religious beliefs in isolation from their place in believers' lives. Drawing upon his expertise in interdisciplinary working and Wittgenstein-influenced approaches, Mikel Burley examines several interrelated phenomena, including purported past-life memories, the relationship between metaphysics and ethics, efforts to 'demythologize' rebirth, and moral critiques of the doctrine of karma. This range of topics, with rebirth as a unifying theme, makes the book of value to anyone interested in philosophy, the study of religions, and what it means to believe that we undergo multiple lives"--
Rudolf Steiner's research into Karma and the mission of the Anthroposophical Society
Assassination classroom. 2, Time for grown-ups
Mielikuvia : suomalaisia lastenkirjakuvittajia = Images : Finnish illustrators of children's books / toimitus: Arja Kanerva, Kaisa Lange, Maria Laukka ; kirj. Arja Kanerva...et al.
