http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6280 programmed cell death
programmed cell death
Regulation of human male germ cell death : mechanisms related to mitochondria
Staying alive : modulation of TRAIL-induced apoptosis by ubiquitination and phosphorylation
Nuclear matrix in apoptotic cell death and cell proliferation : the role of nuclear mitotic apparatus (NuMA) protein
Molecular biology of the cell : the problems book
PCSK9 and berberine as modulators of lipoprotein receptors and neuronal cell death
Regulation of apoptosis in the female reproductive system
Kainic acid-induced seizures : inflammation and excitotoxic neuronal damage in the developing rat hippocampus
Insights into cancer-related effects of electromagnetic fields
Programmed cell death. Part B, The biology and therapeutic implications of cell death
Identification and functional characterization of brain substrates for the stress activated protein kinase JNK
Caspases in c-Myc-induced apoptosis
New bioactive secondary metabolites from cyanobacteria
Identifying human epithelial architecture genes with tumour suppressor functions
Immune tolerance disruption by human parvovirus B19 viral infection mechanisms
ROS signaling, phytohormone signaling and toxin tolerance : defense mechanisms in Arabidopsis thaliana against Botrytis cinerea
Cell death
Death pathways activated in the neurotrophic factor-deprived neurons
Toxicity of silver nanoparticles and induced cytokine expression with special reference to the rat cochlea
This book on cell death contains 29 self-contained, peer-reviewed articles written by leading scientists in each field. It features overview articles aimed at undergraduates and non-specialists, which present basic information and provide entry into the following advanced articles. These advanced articles are written for postgraduate students and research workers, containing detailed information and key references allowing the reader to investigate a specific area in more depth. The book is an essential resource for educational purposes as well as a reference work for experienced researchers in the field. The articles will also be available electronically as part of the acclaimed Encyclopedia of Life Sciences (ELS).Key features: Provides a comprehensive overview on the research of programmed cell death.Edited by leaders in the field.Clearly written and illustrated articles.Full colour throughout.A spin-on to the acclaimed reference work, the Encyclopedia of Life Science (ELS).Combines introductory information with coverage of the latest discoveries in the field.Features overview level articles for advanced students or people new to a topic and more advanced articles for those requiring more detailed information. Serves as a reference work for advanced students as well as researchers in this field.Ideal library purchase for science, medical, and technology libraries in academia, government, and industry; medical libraries; networks and consortia covering these markets.
Programmed cell death. Part A, General principles for studying cell death
Targeting mitochondrial apoptotic pathways in C-MYC-induced mammary tumors
Apoptosis, cell signaling, and human diseases : molecular mechanisms. Volume 2
Activation of innate immune response in human macrophages by Herpes simplex virus-1 and crystallized monosodium urate
Gene Therapy for Preventing Doxorubicin-induced Cardiotoxicity
Dendritic cell vaccination in the induction of immunity or tolerance
Cell culture and upstream processing
Transcription factor GATA4 and apoptotic TRAIL pathway in granulosa cell function and tumors
Advances in genetics : incorporating Molecular Genetic Medicine
Oxidative stress and XIAP signalling in neuronal cells
Viral and cellular modulation of virus-induced apoptosis in experimental infection models
Fatal Myocarditis : with special reference to viral etiology and cardiomyocyte apoptosis
Regulation of podocyte apoptosis in diabetic kidney disease : role of SHIP2, PDK1 and CDK2
JNK substrate sensitivity to L-JNKI-1 peptide inhibition
Regulation of apoptosis during spermatogenesis
The function of the transmembrane protein FasL is to complex with the Fas receptor in a target cell and induce target cell apoptosis. Fas/FasL-mediated apoptosis plays important role in immunoregulation. FasL expression is mostly seen in activated lymphocytes. We have characterized endothelial FasL expression in different functional compartments of lymph nodes and gut-associated lymphoid tissue. Furthermore, we have explored the functional role of endothelial FasL expression by analyzing correlation with apoptosis of lymphocyte subpopulations in lymph nodes and by assessing endothelial expression under different conditions by activation of immune functions in gastrointestinal mucosa. Immunohistochemical stainings (Fas, FasL, CD3, CD20, CD19, CD23, CD56, FVIII) were performed on 20 reactive lymph node tissues (I and II), 60 pediatric endoscopy biopsy samples (III) or 60 samples from gut resections (IV). A double-staining method combining apoptosis detection with the TUNEL-method and lymphocyte classification with FasL, Fas and cell lineage markers was optimized. Patient groups included non-pathological lymph nodes, pediatric cow's milk-sensitive enteropathy, pediatric celiac disease, appendicitis, ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease. Control groups included normal biopsy samples from pediatric patients and non-pathological resecate samples from the appendix, colon or ileum to correspond to patient groups. Quantitative analysis (positive vessels or cells per mm2) was performed thoroughly for each anatomical region. In a subset of patients, soluble FasL in the serum was quantified with standard enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. In reactive lymph nodes FasL expression was predominantly present in high endothelial venules located in the paracortical area, where apoptotic T and B lymphocytes, some expressing Fas, were subsequently found. In the gut wall vascular FasL expression was seen in high endothelial vessels near lymphoid follicles. Serum FasL was elevated in children with an abundance of mucosal lymphoid follicles. In IBD, vascular FasL was upregulated in ulcers and in the submucosa of colons affected by Crohn's disease.The results indicate that endothelial FasL is characteristically present in high endothelial venules of lymphoid tissues. Detection of apoptotic Fas expressing lymphocytes adjacent to such vessels supports the idea that endothelial FasL functions as a selective gatekeeper by inducing apoptosis of Fas+ lymphocytes entering from the blood stream.
Diffusion 1H NMR spectroscopy of lipids and choline-containing metabolites in a rat glioma
Apoptosis-regulating factors in developing and adult ovaries
Signal transduction pathways. Part 100, Cell signaling in health and disease
Regulation of death receptor responses by hyperthermia
The role of cathepsin K in lung development and newborn chronic lung injury
Role of apoptosis in infection
Apoptosis, cell signaling, and human diseases : molecular mechanisms. Volume 1
Tissue responses of toremifene in experimental model of mammary carcinoma
Biochemistry and molecular biology
Calreticulin 3 gene polymorphism in celiac disease and effects of gluten on calreticulin localization and expression in epithelial cells in vitro
Evaluation of natural products in apoptosis, protein kinase C activation and Caco-2 cell permeability
Molecular mechanisms controlling neuronal Bak expression
TRAIL:n aktivoima apoptoosi munasarjan granuloosasolukasvaimissa = The TRAIL-induced apoptosis in granulosa cell tumors of the ovary
Humoral immune response to carbamyl-epitopes in atherosclerosis
Apoptosis in acute lung injury
Means to an end : apoptosis and other cell death mechanisms
Catalytic and therapeutic characteristics of human recombinant glycosylasparaginase and bacterial L-asparaginases
The role of mitogen activated protein kinase signaling in Fas receptor-mediated apoptosis
Proteiinikinaasi C:n rooli apoptoosissa : proteiinikinaasi C -entsyymiin kohdennettujen uusien yhdisteiden vaikutuksista = The role of protein kinase C in apoptosis - about the effects of new molecules targeted at protein kinase C
Abstract.
Regulation of cell fate by c-FLIP phosphorylation
Swedish summary: Matematisk modellering av apoptos (s. 44-46).
Novel approaches to induce apoptosis in human follicular lymphoma cell lines : preclinical assessment
Summary.
Clinical and experimental studies on cardiomyocyte apoptosis in ischemia-reperfusion injury and myocardial protection during cardiac surgery
Janus-faced taurine : neuroprotection and toxicity
Pim kinases in regulation of haematopoietic cell fate
Cellular responses to mobile phone radiation : proliferation, cell death and related effedts
Apoptosis in tumor immunity and immune evasion
Mathematical modelling of apoptosis
Myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury in open heart surgery : studies on apoptosis and cardioprotection in pig model
Leukocyte protein Trojan, as a candidate for apoptotic regulatory role
Viral modulation of host cell anti-apoptotic mechanisms and cellular stress to promote viral pathogenesis
The role of mitochondrial apoptosis pathway in c-Myc and TRAIL apoptonic cooperation
A matter of life and death : polyamine metabolism during zygotic embryogenesis of pine
Trojan is a novel leukocyte-specific protein cloned from chicken (Gallus gallus) embryonic thymocytes. The molecule is a type I transmembrane protein with an extracellular CCP domain followed by two FN3 domains. Its cytoplasmic tail is predicted to possess a MAPK docking and a PKA phosphorylation site. Trojan displays differential expression on developing thymocyte subpopulations. It is high on CD4 and CD8 double negative, and CD4 or CD8 single positive cells, but diminishes from the surface of selection-undergoing CD4 and CD8 double positive cells. This expression pattern is similar to that of anti-apoptotic molecules such as IL-7Rα and BCL-2. We hypothesised an involvement of Trojan in the regulation of apoptosis, possibly as an anti-apoptotic receptor. Our in vitro studies with a T cell line showed that upon apoptosis induction, Trojan expression rises dramatically on the surface of surviving cells and gradually decreases towards its normal levels as cells recover. When sorted based on their Trojan levels, cells with high expression appear less susceptible to apoptotic induction than those bearing no Trojan on their surface. Cells that overexpress Trojan from a cDNA plasmid show elevated steady state intracellular calcium, suggesting the molecule is able to transmit cytoplasmic signals. In addition, computational analyses pointed towards an involvement of MAPK and a possible regulatory mechanism by PKA.Trojan belongs to a novel gene family that includes two other members in the chicken. One is a receptor-type tyrosine phosphatase named Mystran, and the other - a transmembrane protein with an ITAM, named Thracian. We discovered the family in other avian species and found related genes in reptiles and coalecanth fish. We observed dynamic adaptation of their extracellular regions possibly in concert with ligand-binding, association with other surface molecules or as a response to pathogen challenges. This was coupled to largely unchanged cytoplasmic tails, suggesting a conserved signalling mechanism.The presented study shows that a novel avian leukocyte protein called Trojan possibly has an anti-apoptotic role. It belongs to a gene family that was subjected to evolutionary selection, likely linked to the molecular function of the proteins.
Ceramide - a messenger of cell death : a biophysical approach
Differential regulation of c-FLIP isoforms through post-translational modifications
Novel animal models and gene therapy applications for glioblastoma multiforme
Apoptosis, genomic integrity, and cancer
Endothelial FasL in lymph nodes and in intestinal lymphatic tissue
Mechanisms of cell death : the second annual conference of the Cell Death Society
Reactive oxygen species and SRO proteins as regulators of gene expression in Arabidopsis thaliana
Mechanisms of cell death II : the third annual conference of the International Cell Death Society
Role of histamine in the regulation of human eosinophil apoptosis : with special reference to antihistamines and the role of c-Jun N-terminal kinase in human eosinophil apoptosis
Purification and characterization of the mda-7 tumor suppressor protein expressed in insect cells
Chemical induced apoptosis
Selective targeting of Bcl-2 family proteins through glucocorticoid and cell surface receptors : new insights for lymphoma therapy
Putative neuroprotective compounds in in vitro models of dopaminergic neurodegeneration
Regulation of death receptor-mediated apoptosis in T-cells
The role of GSK-3 and JNK in neuronal apoptosis
Apoplastic ROS and transcriptional response in plant stress signaling
Morphological characterization of neuronal  and non-neuronal phenotypes of the human  neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cell line
