http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6289 pottery
pottery clay dishes
Pottery decoration : contemporary approaches
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 4
The complete potter's companion
Pottery
The Greek vase : art of the storyteller
Hellenistic household ware
The ceramic narrative
Approaches to archaeological ceramics
The three books of the potter's art : volume I. 1
The Ancient Pottery of Israel and its neighbors : from the Iron Age through the Hellenistic Period. Volume 1
Roman pottery in context : fine and coarse wares from five sites in north-eastern Greece
Kayla the Pottery Fairy
Essay on decoration composition
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 3
Vessels and variety : new aspects of ancient pottery
250 tips, techniques and trade secrets for potters
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 1
Wheel-thrown ceramics : altering, trimming, addind, finishing
The complete potter : the complete reference to tools, materials and techniques for all potters and ceramicists
Colours of Medieval Cyprus : through the medieval ceramic collection of the Leventis Municipal Museum of Nicosia
Working with clay
Pots and pans of classical Athens
Beer-Sheba III : the early iron IIA enclosed settlement and the late iron IIA-iron IIB cities. Vol. II, The pottery
Corpus vasorum antiquorum Finland. Fasc.  1
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 2
LRCW 1 : late Roman coarse wares, cooking wares and amphorae in the Mediterranean : archaeology and archaeometry
Clay modelling for everyone : pottery, sculpture & miniatures without a wheel
Tas-Silġ, on the south-east coast of the island of Malta, is a major multi-period site, with archaeological remains spanning four thousand years. A megalithic temple complex built in the early third millennium BC gave way to a Phoenician and Punic sanctuary dedicated to the goddess Astarte. The sacred place underwent major transformations in Roman times, becoming an international religious complex dedicated to the goddess Juno. Located on the maritime routes plied by mariners and traders, its fame did not escape the attention of the first-century BC orator Cicero. Excavated as part of a major archaeological project in the 1960s, the site of Tas-Silġ lay abandoned for several decades. In 1996, the University of Malta renewed excavations at the site for ten seasons, uncovering Neolithic and Late Bronze Age occupation levels, and substantial deposits associated with ritual offerings of Punic date. This volume is the second monograph of the final publication of the excavations. It provides an account of the pottery and of the hundreds of inscribed pottery sherds that were recovered during the excavations. It forms a companion volume to the first monograph, which reports on the history of the site and other finds.
This richly illustrated volume offers a fascinating introduction to ancient Greek vases for the general reader. It presents vases not merely as beautiful vessels to hold water and wine, but also as instruments of storytelling and bearers of meaning. The first two chapters analyze the development of different shapes of pottery and relate those shapes to function, the evolution in vase production techniques and decoration, and the roles of potters, painters, and their workshops. Subsequent chapters focus on vases as the primary source of imagery from ancient Greece, offering unique information about mythology, religion, theater, and daily life. The author discusses how to identify the figures and scenes depicted in vase paintings, what these narratives would have meant to the people who lived with them and used them, and how they therefore reflect the cultural values of their time. Also examined is the impact Greek vases had on the art, architecture, and literature of subsequent generations. Based on the rich collections of the British Museum and the J. Paul Getty Museum, the exquisite details of the works offer the reader the opportunity for an intimate interaction with the graphic beauty and narrative power of ancient vases often not available in a gallery setting.
LRCW 4 : late Roman coarse wares, cooking wares and amphorae in the Mediterranean : archaeology and archaeometry : The Mediterranean: a market without frontiers
The late Helladic pottery from Prosymna
Paper clay for ceramic sculptors : a studio companion
The art of Japanese ceramics
Simply Pottery : a practical course in basic pottery techniques
Pots for plants and gardens
Sūkās. 2, The Aeigean, Corinthian and Eastern Greek pottery and terracottas
Attic black-figured pottery
Functional pottery : form and aesthetic in pots of purpose
History of pottery
A corpus of Anglo-Saxon and medieval pottery from Lincoln
Pottery : a manual of techniques
The von Post Collection of Cypriote late Byzantine glazed pottery
Monastic estates in late antique and early Islamic Egypt : ostraca, papyri, and essays in memory of Sarah Clackson
Pottery form
Greek painted pottery
Clay pot cooking
The techniques of painted Attic pottery
Renascence : new design for an old craft
Introducing pottery : the complete guide
Hand-building techniques
Understanding standardization and variation in Mediterranean ceramics : mid 2nd to late 1st millennium BC
Not so much a pot, more a way of life : current approches to artefact analysis in archaeology
Early Italian sigillata : the chronological framework and trade patterns : proceedings of the First International ROCT-Congress, Leuven, May 7 and 8, 1999
Prehistoric cordage : identification of impressions on pottery
The three books of the potter's art : volume II. 2, The three books of the potter's art in translation
Thrown pottery techniques revealed : The secrets of perfect throwing shown in unique cutaway photography
The potter's bible : an essential illustrated reference for the beginner
Cycladic art : ancient sculpture and pottery from the N. P. Goulandris collection
Lucie Rie : the life and work of Lucie Rie 1902-1995
The Meaders family, north Georgia potters
"The dynamic relationship between technology, technological practice, and society is the focus of this book, based on the analysis of Neolithic pottery production in Valencia, eastern Spain. Two main questions frame this study: 1) what are the changes in technological practices in the manufacture of pottery during the Neolithic, and 2) how do these changes articulate with shifts in other realms of society? In order to address these questions the author turned to insights and discussions on the role of technology in society in evolutionary theory, agency-based approaches, and behavioral archaeology to frame the study in relevant, anthropological terms. With a set of explicit hypotheses the author then uses standard archaeological methods in the analysis of prehistoric pottery to reconstruct production techniques and evaluate the hypotheses."--Publisher's website.
Reconsidering early Korean history through archaeology
"Early Korea is dedicated to developing the fields of early Korean history and archaeology in the English language. The present volume consists of six scholarly works by specialists active in these fields. Three studies focus on the topic of recent advances in historical archaeology on the Korean peninsula and adjacent regions and how this is changing the ways historians understand the history of the earliest states on the peninsula. Another study surveys the origins and development of ceramic traditions in Korea based on recently recovered archaeological data. Finally, two studies discuss the practice of heritage management in Korea, focusing on rescue archaeology and heritage protection."--BOOK JACKET.
The red and the black : studies in Greek pottery
The potter's book of glaze recipes
The clay-pot cookbook : a new way of cooking in an ancient pot
Pottery and social life in medieval England : towards a relational approach
Ceramic petrography : the interpretation of archaeological pottery & related artefacts in thin section
Cooper's book of glaze recipes
Interpreting silent artefacts : petrographic approaches to archaeological ceramics
New perspectives on early Korean art : from Silla to Koryŏ
The history of Greek vases : potters, painters and pictures
The potter's project book
Production and trade of Etrurian terra sigillata pottery in Roman Etruria and beyond between c. 50 BCE and c. 150 CE
The pottery of the Battleaxe (Corded ware) culture : craft and vessel function versus the nature of contacts
Corpus vasorum antiquorum : Fasc. 1 : Finland / by Leena Pietilä-Castrén ... [et al.]
Amphorae and the Roman economy : an introductory guide
Peasant potters of Orissa : a sociological study
Subgeometric pottery from Southern Etruria
These two volumes offer a comprehensive corpus of ceramic forms and their typological development organized according to period, geographical region, and cultural tradition. The focus of each chapter is on the most characteristic pottery types and decorative motifs selected from a wide range of sites. Unique in scope, this publication presents a wide range of ceramic types accompanied by specially prepared pottery plates and color photos illustrating thousands of forms. A classic reference work, it serves as an essential resource for archaeologists and other scholars and students of ancient Near Eastern studies. Volumes covering the Neolithic and Chalcolithic periods and the Bronze Age are currently in preparation.
The Potter's studio handbook : a start-to-finish guide to hand-built and wheel-thrown ceramics
Pottery technology : principles and reconstruction
Names on Terra Sigillata : an index of makers' stamps & signatures on Gallo-Roman Terra Sigillata (Samian ware)
Scholars and colleagues of Sarah Clackson honored her memory through a two-day symposium, 'The Administration of Monastic Estates in Late Antique and Early Islamic Egypt,' held at Christ Church, Oxford, 25-26 September 2004. This rich and varied volume presents the papers given at that symposium plus four additional ones. The foreword presents a complete bibliography for Sarah Clackson and an essay examining her formative role in Coptic Studies up to the time of her premature death. The contributions consist of editions of previously unpublished ostraca and papyri, or of revised and expanded editions of previously published items (O.Clackson 1-34 and P.Clackson 35-50), and nine essays addressing socio-economic and religious issues that impacted the monastic communities of Egypt during Late Antiquity and the Early Islamic period.The volume concludes with the requisite indices: for the ostraca and papyri, indices nominum, rerum, et verborum, and a general index of topics for the commentaries on documents and the essays. Black-and-white images are provided for the ostraca and papyri.
Modern trends in scientific studies on ancient ceramics : papers presented at the 5th European Meeting on Ancient Ceramics, Athens 1999
The publication of the full report of the Tel Beer-sheba Iron Age remains is a fulfillment of a scientific dream. The excavations at Tel Beer-sheba, carried out under the auspices of the Institute of Archaeology of Tel Aviv University, were the highlight of Yohanan Aharoni's vast research program in the Beer-sheba Valley. He directed this program from 1969 until his untimely death in 1976 at the age of 56. The final season of excavations at Tel Beer-sheba, the eighth, took place in the summer of 1976 and was carried out after Aharoni's demise by his chief assistants, Ze'ev Herzog, Itzhaq Beit-Arieh, and Anson F. Rainey. The latter two regrettably did not live to see the completion of this publication, but they shared in the work, as did the young staff members who enabled the Tel Beer-sheba project to become a reality. During the National Parks Authority site development, there was further exposure, mainly of the water supply systems, directed by Ze'ev Herzog with David Sappo (Western Quarter, 1990–1991), with Tsvika Tsuk (the well, 1993) and finally with Ido Ginaton (the water-system, 1994–1995). Now, after a lengthy process of analyzing the excavations in the storerooms of Tel Aviv University's Institute of Archaeology and digging through the endless documentary material amassed, the full data is proudly presented. This work is offered not merely as a final report but as a starting point for further scientific inquiry on the abundant architectural, artifactual, and ecofactual data from Tel Beer-sheba. Volume I reports on the stratigraphy and architecture, volume 2 on the pottery; and volume 3 on the artifacts, ecofacts, and also provides concluding studies. The three volumes are profusely illustrated and an essential resource for anyone interested in the history of Judah, the Beer-sheba Valley, the site itself, and life during the Iron Age in the southern Levant.
Who wrote the Syriac incantation bowls?
Simon Leach's pottery handbook
Ceramics : step by step art school
Throwing techniques
The road through Miyama
LRCW3 : Late Roman coarse wares, cooking wares and amphorae in the Mediterranean : archaeology and archaeometry : comparison between western and eastern Mediterranean
Ancient Greek pottery
Pottery in India
Once upon a time in the East : the chronological and geographical distribution of terra sigillata and red slip ware in the Roman East
Traditional technology. Pottery
The Mosaic artist's sourcebook
Ten thousand years of pottery
Learning technology : cultural inheritance and Neolithic pottery production in the Alcoi Basin, Alicante, Spain
Tang and Liao ceramics
Tas-Silġ, Marsaxlokk (Malta) II: archaeological excavations conducted by the University of Malta, 1996-2005
Attic red-figured and white-ground pottery
The Ancient Pottery of Israel and its neighbors : from the Iron Age through the Hellenistic Period. Volume 2
Seven families in Pueblo pottery
Clay shamans and stone jaguars : the ancient art of Ecuador
Onggi : Korean traditional earthenware
A village art of South India
Ceramic extruding : inspiration & technique
The inscriptions on non-Attic vases are an extremely important source for knowledge of ancient Greek, in particular colloquial language. Painted or incised before firing, this corpus of material cannot be held suspect as possible later additions. Wachter provides a detailed catalogue of the inscriptions together with an epigraphical and linguistic analysis and commentary.
LRFW 1 - Late Roman fine wares : solving problems of typology and chronology : a review of the evidence, debate and new contexts
Medieval and later pottery from Aldwark and other sites
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 6
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 5
The pottery : Czehoslovak excavations at Abusir : the mastaba of Ptahshepses
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
Slipware : contemporary approaches
Non-Attic Greek vase inscriptions
The pottery and summary and synthesis
Pottery in the Roman world : an ethnoarchaeological approach
Pottery manufacturing processes : reconstitution and interpretation
Traditional pottery techniques of Pakistan : field and laboratory studies
Archaeological ceramics : a review of current research
Ancient Egyptian pottery : from the collections of the National Gallery of Victoria & the Australian Institute of Archaeology, R.M.I.T., Faculty of Art Gallery : an exhibition of the Fine Art Department , Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, June 1982
LRCW 2 : late Roman coarse wares, cooking wares and amphorae in the Mediterranean : archaeology and archaeometry
The potter's workbook
Making pottery without a wheel : texture and form in clay
Early pottery in Greece : a technological and functional analysis of the evidence from Neolithic Achilleion Thessaly
Kamares : a study of the charater of palatial Middle Minoan pottery
European ceramic art from the end of the middle ages to about 1815 : a dictionary of factories, artists, technical terms, et cetera
Pottery making : making pots and building and firing small kilns
Later ceramics in South-East Asia : sixteenth to twentieth centuries
The beginnings of Japanese art
Pottery making traditions of the Ikombe Kisi of Kyela District : an anthropological paper
This blessed plot, this earth : English pottery studies in honour of Jonathan Horne
The Japanese pottery handbook
Step-by-step guide to pottery
The figure in fired clay
Raku : investigations into fire
Archaeometric and archaeological approaches to ceramics : papers presented at EMAC '05, 8th European meeting on ancient ceramics, Lyon 2005
Ceramic theory and cultural process
Prehistoric pottery for the archaeologist
Greek and Roman pottery lamps
Ancient and Historical Ceramics : Materials, Technology, Art and Culinary Traditions
Traditional potters : entitlements and enablements of artisans
The complete potter : the complete reference to tools, materials, and techniques for all potters and ceramicists
Creative pottery
Khabur ware and Nuzi ware : their origin, relationship, and significance
Handbook of Mediterranean Roman pottery
Pottery-making cultures and Indian civilization
Collecting pottery & porcelain : the facts at your fingertips
