http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6285 trawls
trawls
Fishing operations. 2, Best practices to reduce incidental catch of seabirds in capture fisheries
Workshop on Bycatch, Particularly in Prawn Fisheries, and on the Implementation of an Ecosystem Approach to Fisheries Management : Maputo, Mozambique, 15-24 November 2005
Abstract.
Review of measures taken by intergovernmental organizations to address sea turtle and seabird interactions in marine capture fisheries
Otter board design and performance
Conservation of young fish by management of trawl selectivity
Impacts of trawling and scallop dredging on benthic habitats and communities
Worldwide review of bottom fisheries in the high seas
Options to mitigate bottom habitat impact of dragged gears
Mortality of fish escaping trawl gears
Report of the four GEF/UNEP/FAO regional workshops on reducing the impact of tropical shrimp trawl fisheries : Lagos, Nigeria, 15-17 December 1999, Puntareñas, Costa Rica, 15-17 January 2000, Teheran, Islamic Republic of Iran, 28 February-1 March 2000, Denpassar, Bali, Indonesia, 6-8 March 2000.
Improving trawl selectivity in the Baltic = Utökning av tråselektion i Östersjön
Environmental life-cycle assessment of seafood products from capture fisheries
Review and assessment of mitigation measures to reduce incidental catch of seabirds in longline, trawl and gillnet fisheries
Report of the Regional Workshop on Approaches to Reducing Shrimp Trawl Bycatch in the Western Indian Ocean : Mombasa, Kenya, 13-15 April 2003.
NAN-SIS : software for fishery survey data logging and analysis : user's manual
The workshop received national reports and reviews concerning bycatch, sea turtle distribution, critical habitats, main sources of natural and man-induced mortality and conservation efforts. The use of turtle excluding devices and interactions between sea turtles and fisheries in the shrimp trawling was discussed. Two different methods of identifying ecosystem approach to fisheries issues and risk analysis in order to prioritize the issues were presented and tested.--Publisher's description.
British trawlers and Iceland 1919-1976
Silakan troolisaaliiden vähenemisen syitä Selkämerellä = Causes of diminished trawl catches in the Bothnian Sea (Baltic)
The Worldwide review of bottom fisheries in the high seas provides states and other interested parties with a summary of the current status of high seas bottom fisheries worldwide based on the best information available, including responses to an FAO questionnaire sent to high seas fishing states, the European Community and relevant regional fisheries management organizations. It contains reviews of bottom fisheries in the high seas in the following regions: the North East and North West Atlantic, the Mediterranean, the South East and South West Atlantic, the North and South Pacific, the Indian Ocean and the Southern Ocean. Fisheries are described in terms of fleets, catch and effort, and main species caught, with due consideration being given to the location of fishing activities. This document was prepared in response to the request by the FAO Committee on Fisheries (COFI) and related consideration of the issue of bottom fisheries on the high seas by the United Nations General Assembly in Resolution 61/105 on Sustainable Fisheries adopted in December 2006. It also aims at assisting in the implementation of the FAO International Guidelines for the Management of Deep-sea Fisheries in the High Seas by providing background information and highlighting gaps in the available data. According to the findings of this review, 285 vessels were active in the high seas bottom fisheries worldwide in 2006. The total catch of this fleet has been estimated to about 250 000 tonnes valued at EUR 450 million (landed value). For various reasons discussed in the report, these are to be considered minimal estimates.
Impact assessment of bottom trawls and gillnets in Norwegian waters
Bottom trawling and scallop dredging in the Arctic : impacts of fishing on non-target species, vulnerable habitats and cultural heritage
Inland fisheries evolution and management : case studies from four continents
Essays on fisheries economics
Environmental life cycle assessment of Norway lobster (Nephrops norvegicus) caught along the Swedish west coast by creels and conventional trawls : a data report
Report of the Workshop on Standardization of Selectivity Methods Applied to Trawling in the Mediterranean Sea, Sète, France, 9-11 February 2005 = Rapport de L'Atelier sur la Standardization des Méthodes de Séctivité appliquées au Chalutage en Méditerranée, Sète, France, 9-11 février 2005.
