http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p629 life after death
life after death
Reunited
Ministry of pandemonium
The afterlife is real : true stories of people who have glimpsed life after death
The Coffin
Dying to live : science and the near-death experience
Retired bank manager George Pearmain is, apparently, dead. According to the behaviour of everyone around him, it would seem that he is no more. Not only that, but his mother has passed away too - and on the eve of her 99th year, poor dear. Not only that, it could be that they were both murdered. He feels fine otherwise. As George's family gather for the birthday-celebration-that-never-was, he hovers around the house, watching and listening, entirely unseen. As a result, he makes all sorts of discoveries about himself, his wife Esmeralda and his supposedly happy family ...Screamingly funny and strange, it asks the question: What if you could bear witness to your own demise? How would your nearest and dearest react?
Light & death : one doctor's fascinating account of near-death experiences
Some examples of the practices of the Messenger of Love : manners of life in the City of Paradise
90 minutes in heaven : a true story of death and life
The cult of the immortal : mummies and the ancient Egyptian way of death
Death in the Middle Ages : mortality, judgment and remembrance
Doctors
The companions
Dying to wake up : a doctor's voyage into the afterlife and the wisdom he brought back
Lincoln in the bardo : a novel
What dreams may come
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
Death : the great adventure
The mirror of life and death
A critical examination of the belief in a life after death
Walking with angels
Life on the other side : a psychic's tour of the afterlife
Other lives, other selves : a Jungian psychotherapist discovers past lives
The Italian matchmaker
Abdi Taalib thought he was moving to Australia for a music scholarship. But after meeting the beautiful and brazen Tegan Oglietti, his world was turned upside down. Tegan's no ordinary girl - she died in 2027, only to be frozen and brought back to life in Abdi's time, 100 years later.  Now, all they want is for things to return to normal (or as normal as they can be), but the government has other ideas. Especially since the two just spilled the secrets behind Australia's cryonics project to the world. On the run, Abdi and Tegan have no idea who they can trust, and when they uncover startling new details about Project Ark, they realise thousands of lives may be in their hands.
The Tibetan book of the dead : as popularly known in the West
Beyond death : evidence for life after death
The ancient Egyptian book of the dead
Hide and seek : a lying game novel
I'm a believer
Pets are forever : amazing true stories of angelic animals
Magnus Chase and the sword of summer
Kneller's happy campers
While we run
The Tibetan book of the dead = The great liberation by hearing in the intermediate states
Elsewhere
Horizons of immortality : a quest for reality
In 2027, sixteen-year-old Tegan is just like every other girl--playing the guitar, falling in love, and protesting the wrongs of the world with her friends. But then Tegan dies, waking up 100 years in the future as the unknowing first government guinea pig to be cryogenically frozen and successfully revived. Appalling secrets about her new world come to light, and Tegan must choose to either keep her head down or fight for a better future.
Next
The Tibetan book of the dead : or the after-death experiences on the Bardo plane, according to Lāma Kazi Dawa-Samdup's English rendering
The new ghost
The evidence for communication with the dead
Publisher's description.
Life after life : the investigation of a phenomenon-survival of bodily death
Heaven is beautiful : how dying taught me that death is just the beginning
Six feet over : adventures in the afterlife
The happy ever after of Rosie Potter (RIP)
Encyclopedia of afterlife beliefs and phenomena
The Tibetan book of the dead : as popularly known in the West = Great Book of natural liberation through understanding in the between
Reincarnation : one woman's exploration of her past lives
Up in heaven
"Your soul is too heavy to pass through this door, Leave the weight of the world in the world from before." Evie Snow is eighty-two when she quietly passes away in her sleep, surrounded by her children and grandchildren. It's the way most people wish to leave the world but when Evie reaches the door of her own private heaven, she finds that she's become her twenty-seven-year-old self and the door won't open. Evie's soul must be light enough to pass through so she needs to get rid of whatever is making her soul heavy.
Beatific afterlife in ancient Israel and in the ancient Near East
On the other side
Contact with the other world : the latest evidence as to communication with the dead
Death in the Middle Ages
Routines of existence : time, life and after life in society and religion
Can the mind survive beyond death? : in pursuit of scientific evidence. Volume 1, Reincarnation research
Firstlife
Dan and Sam : a graphic novel by
Don't kiss them goodbye
Lovesick
The wheel of life : a memoir of living and dying
The dead wife's handbook
My so-called afterlife
Beyond death : theological and philosophical reflections on life after death
The Tibetan book of the dead : the after-death experiences on the Bardo plane, according to Lāma Kazi Dawa-Samdup's English rendering
Life at death : a scientific investigation of the near-death experience
Life after death in world religions
The screwtape letters, and, Screwtape proposes a toast
The undiscovered country : journeys among the dead
Afterlife : the complete guide to life after death
Conservatism or Novelty : a Study of Pre-Constantine Christian Epitaphs
Life beyond death : what should we expect?
Homecoming
All pets go to heaven : the spiritual lives of the pets we love
There are no goodbyes : guided by angels - my tour of the spirit world
Dying to get married : posthumous marriage in East Asia, and particularly in South Korea
Life after death : a study of the afterlife in world religions
Soul beach
Beyond death : the gates of consciousness
Inferno
The Tibetan book of the dead : the manuscript of the Bardo thödol
Eternal life : (Life after death)
The eclipse of eternity : a sociology of the afterlife
The rise and fall of the afterlife : the 1995 Read-Tuckwell lectures at the University of Bristol
Testimony of light
Life after death : a new approach to the last things
The map of heaven : how science, religion, and ordinary people are proving the afterlife
The belief in immortality and the worship of the dead. Vol. 3, The belief among the Micronesians
Digital afterlife : a general overview
The map of heaven : a neurosurgeon explores the mysteries of the afterlife and the truth about what lies beyond
Life after death and the world beyond : investigating heaven and the spiritual dimension
Beyond the threshold : afterlife beliefs and experiences in world religions
The great Divorce : a dream
The belief in immortality and the worship of the dead. Vol. 2, The belief among the Polynesians
The great blue yonder
Lessons on Islamic doctrine. Book 3, Resurrection, judgement and the hereafter
The encyclopedia of mind, magic & mysteries
Life after death : the burden of proof
Life after death : a history of the afterlife in Western religion
The inhabited world
