http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6290 dishes (household supplies)
dishes (household supplies)
Modern retro tabletop : living with mid-century tableware
Decorative techniques for woodturners
Creating fantastic vases : 50 fun & fabulous ideas & projects
Ceramics of the world : an illustrated history
Multilevel modelling of height growth in young Norway spruce plantations in southern Finland
Food in antiquity
Crackle Glass in color : depression to '70s
If design award 2001 : product volume 2.
Causeries on English pewter
The English home : a thousand years of furnishing and decoration
Variation of ectomycorrhizal colonisation in Norway spruce seedlings in Finnish forest nurseries
Encyclopedia of Universal Potteries : identification and values
Bulbs in containers
Atlantic cauldrons and buckets of the late Bronze and Early Iron Ages in Western Europe : with a review of comparable vessels from Central Europe and Italy
500 plates & chargers : innovative expressions of function & style
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
Abstract.
Made in China
The Story of a Mug : greetings from the factory
Handbuilt tableware : Making distinctive plates, bowls, mugs, teapots, and more
Japan : the art of living : a sourcebook of Japanese style for the western home
Unfired pressure vessels. Part 3, Design
I wanted to change the world
Napkin decoupage : simple - clever - effective
Miller's collecting the 1970s
500 cups : ceramic explorations of utility & grace
A century of dining in style
Islamic metalwork
The jiffy pot handbook
Teeny tiny gardening : 35 step-by-step projects and inspirational ideas for gardening in tiny spaces
Household ceramics at Port Royal, Jamaica, 1655-1692
Modern mix : curating personal style with chic & accessible finds
Golden Khokhloma : decorative wood painting
At home with Wedgwood : the art of the table
Food equipment facts : a handbook for the foodservice industry
The vintage tea party book
Start-a-craft toleware
The adventures of the dish and the spoon
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
The book of cups
Miller's collecting the 1950s
The housewares story : a history of the American housewares industry
Turning bowls
Droog and Dutch design : from product to fashion: the collection of the Centraal Museum, Utrecht
Bin Weevils.com. The official guide
Old pewter in Hungarian collections
Assyrian stone vessels and related material in the British Museum
The dream factory : Alessi since 1921
Victorian & Edwardian decorative arts
Creative stamping : rubber stamping projects on paper, fabrics, ceramics, wood and metal
Lucienne Day : in the spirit of the age
Warm : tea/coffee series
The mug is perhaps one of the most used and loved objects in our cupboards. The story of a Mug explores the narratives that unexpectedly lie behind this unassuming object. This book was originally published in Swedish as part of Iittala's Local Mug Initiative, launched in 2008.
"A study of bucket-shaped pots from 986 Norwegian graves. These graves include altogether 1179 bucket-shaped pots or fragments of pots. Bucket-shaped pots represent a ceramic category that is special to Norway. Other than in Norway, only a few pots have been recorded in Sweden, and only a single find comes from Denmark. The premise of this study is the consideration that a thorough and careful analysis of bucket-shaped pots will provide information about manufacture, specialization and workshops, and indentify regional groups and regional identity in the Late Roman and Migration periods, aspects that so far have received little attention. It also helps better clarify the chronology of some of the important artefact categories in Norway in this period."--Publisher's web site.
Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, collection of Mediterranean antiquities = Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal, collection des antiquites. Vol. 2, The terracotta collection = Les objets en terre cuite
Flora Danica Stellet = The flora Danica service
The potter's book of glaze recipes
The water kettle by Michael Graves
Droog design : spirit of the nineties
Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, collection of Mediterranean antiquities = Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal, collection des antiquites. Vol. 1, The ancient glass = La verrerie antique
Industrial steam systems : fundamentals and best practices
Bowl turning techniques masterclass
Process steam systems : a practical guide for operators, maintainers, and designers
Focusing on the essential
Fast, fun & easy fabric vases : 6 sensational shapes--unlimited possibilities
Contemporary design : date: 1900-today
Artefacts from medieval Winchester. 2, 2, Objects and economy in medieval Winchester
Arts & crafts in Venice
The management of service for the restaurant manager
Art nouveau : a fascinating guide to one of the most celebrated periods of decorative art
Tink and clott's search-and-find adventure
Teapots : the collector's guide to selecting, displaying and enjoying new and vintage teapots
The eccentric teapot : four hundred years of invention
Sustaining life : vessel import to Norway in the first millennium AD
Daily vessels by Kenkichi Tomimoto, the master of ceramic art
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
A bowl with a hole ?.
Modern design : classics of our time
An imperial fascination : porcelain, dining with the Czars, Peterhof : an exhibition of services from the Russian imperial palaces, from the collections of the State Museum in Petrodvorets, Peterhof, March 15 through April 20, 1991
Everyday things : glass
Great designs
Thoughts on contemporary vessels "utsuwa" : [exhibition], Crafts Gallery, The National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo, 30 September-19 November, 2000.
Turning bowls - (STEP-BY-STEP)
Food service warehandling
The ultimate container gardener : all you need to know to create plantings for spring, summer, autumn, and winter
Depression glass : collections and reflections : a guide with values
The green frog service
The Andy Warhol Collection : art nouveau and art deco : sold for the benefit of The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts
Great containers : making, decorating, planting
Garden mosaics : 25 step-by-step projects for your outdoor room
The table sets itself
On glass
Decorative paint effects
Russkaâ derevânnaâ posuda XVII-XX vekov = Russian Wooden Dishes and Household Utensils (17-th-20th Centuries)
Tableware : a Design centre publication
Summary.
Mediaeval drinking bowls of silver found in Sweden
Production and trade of Etrurian terra sigillata pottery in Roman Etruria and beyond between c. 50 BCE and c. 150 CE
The contemporary craft of paper mache : techniques, project, inspirations
The commemorative cup
Food as a cultural symbol was as important in antiquity as in our own times and Food in Antiquity investigates some of the ways in which food and eating shaped the lives and thoughts of the indigenous peoples of the ancient Mediterranean. In this volume thirty contributors consider aspects of food and eating in the Greco-Roman world. This is the most comprehensive exploration of questions relating to food in antiquity in this country. The authors, some specialists in this field, others with expertise in other areas, use a range of approaches to investigate the production and distribution of food, social, religious and political factors, medicine and diet, cultural identity and contrasts with neighbouring cultures, and food in literature. The volume is designed for both Classicists and those interested in the history of food. The aim is both to illuminate and to entertain, and at the same time to remind the reader that the Greeks and Romans were not only philosophers and rulers of empires, they were also peasant farmers, traders and consumers of foods who considered that what and how they ate defined who they were.
Bucket-shaped pots : style, chronology and regional diversity in Norway in the late Roman and migration periods
History of wine drinking
Collectible plastic kitchenware and dinnerware 1935-1965
A hundred years of Arabia dishes : survey of utility ware models from Arabia since 1874
Native American leather & bead crafting
Control of nursery diseases and pests in Finnish forest tree nurseries
Index of potters' stamps on Terra Sigillata "Samian ware" : with a supplement of stamps obtained or recorded during the period of printing the index
Persian ceramics : from the 9th to the 14th century
Dining room service
Modern design : the fabulous 50s
Nanny Still : 45 years of design = 45 ans de design
Mustache cups : timeless Victorian treasures
Tablescapes : setting the table with style
Circling the square : avant-garde porcelain from revolutionary Russia
Greek and Roman gold and silver plate
Dim sum for everyone!
The potter's directory of shape and form
The complete book of gourd craft : 22 projects, 55 decorative techniques, 300 inspirational designs
An introduction to the study of Terra Sigillata treated from a chronological standpoint
Forms with a smile
High-quality space filler? African cookware and the Late Roman trade as evidenced by the Palatine East excavations, Rome
The curious collector : a lively little tour of 101 favorite collectibles
The teapot : an appreciation
Miller's collecting the 1960s
Not so much a pot, more a way of life : current approches to artefact analysis in archaeology
Iittala lifestyle : the dot over the i.
The Ceramics design course : principles, practices, techniques
Effect of thawing duration and temperature on field performance of frozen-stored Norway spruce container seedlings
Classic garden style : planters, furniture, accessories and ornaments
Freestyle : new Australian design for living
The ultimate container garden
Betel and Miang : vanishing Thai habits
Turning natural edge bowls
