http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6292 fascism
fascism
Il conformista (The conformist)
Irmina
British Catholics and fascism : religious identity and political extremism between the wars
Fascism, anti-fascism, and Britain in the 1940s
"The central argument of this book is that the univocal ontology and corresponding immanent metaphysics of the French philosopher Gilles Deleuze (1925-1995) can provide a theoretical perspective capable of accounting for the complex nature of world politics"--
Today's isms : socialism, capitalism, fascism, communism, libertarianism
It can't happen here
The Nazi revolution : Hitler's dictatorship and the German nation
Football, fascism and fandom : the UltraS of Italian football
A history of fascism, 1914-1945
On the fiery march : Mussolini prepares for war
Justice at Nurenberg
The extreme right in Europe and the USA
The Dollfuss/Schuschnigg Era in Austria : a reassessment
The good Italian
Varieties of right-wing extremism in Europe
You can't do business with Hitler
A history of socialist thought. Vol. 5, Socialism and fascism 1931-1939
Riik malelaual : Saksa okupatsioon Eestis 1941-1944 : Eesti Ajaloomuuseumi näituse kataloog = Castles and pawns : the German occupation of Estonia 1941-1944 : Estonian History Museum exhibition catalogue
Understand Mussolini's Italy
The Fascist challenge and the policy of appeasement
Latin fascist elites : the Mussolini, Franco, and Salazar regimes
The seizure of power : fascism in Italy 1919-1929
Eurasianism and the European far right : reshaping the Europe-Russia relationship
A history of Socialist thought. Vol. 5, Socialism and fascism, 1931-1939
Mussolini and Italian fascism
Fascism and political theory : critical perspectives on fascist ideology
The coming of Austrian fascism
Fascism and social revolution
"The 2014 Ukrainian crisis has highlighted the pro-Russia stances of some European countries, such as Hungary and Greece, and of some European parties, mostly located at the far-right of the political spectrum. This book offers a unique insight on the main far-right actors and ideological trends that push, on both sides, for reshaping the Europe-Russia relations and for the emergence of a new pan-European illiberal ideology"--Provided by publisher.
From the British Union of Fascists to the National Front : an analysis of the spodaric development of British fascism, 1923-1994
The nature of fascism
"British Catholics and Fascism" is a comprehensive study of the way in which British Catholic communities reacted to fascism both at home and abroad. Drawing on substantial primary research, Tom Villis sheds new light on religious identity and political extremism in early twentieth-century Britain. He examines the careers and thought of numerous prominent Catholic writers and cultural commentators as well as the role of the Catholic press more generally, the views of the hierarchy and the overtures which the British Union of Fascists made to the Catholic communities. Debates about fascism became symbolic of the wider difficulties in articulating a religious political critique in an increasingly secular political culture. For many Catholics, pro-fascism became a way of expressing their own distinct political and social identity in a society which largely held different views.
Socialism and fascism, 1931-1939
Midnight in Europe
Luigi Dallapiccola and musical modernism in Fascist Italy
Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes : crimes and other gross an large scale human rights violations committed during the reign of totalitarian regimes in Europe : cross-national survey of crimes committed and of their remembrance, recognition, redress, and reconciliation : reports and proceedings of the 8 April European hearing on "Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes", organised by the Slovenian Presidency of the Council of the European Union (January-June 2008) and the European Commission
Fascism : three major regimes
the Fascisti exposed : a year of fascist domination
Señoritas in blue : the making of a female political elite in Franco's Spain
The struggle against Fascism in Germany
World fascism : a historical encyclopedia
The fascist revolution in Tuscany 1919-1922
The Attractions of fascism : social psychology and aesthetics of the "triumph of the right"
Fascism : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 3, Fascism and culture
Fascism today : a world survey
The fascist effect : Japan and Italy, 1915-1952
Communist resistance in Nazi Germany
The Fascists and the Jews of Italy : Mussolini's Race Laws, 1938-1943
This seminal book challenges the common assumption that fascism is a misogynist movement which has tended to exclude women. Using examples from Germany, Italy and France, Durham analyses the rise of women in fascist organizations across Europe from the early twenties to the present. Unusually, however, the author focuses on British fascism and in doing so he offers valuable new perspectives on fascist attitudes to women. Offering interesting examples of women training in armed combat, and more generally as voters and members of fascist organizations, he highlights women's relationship to fascist policies on birth rate, abortion and eugenics.
Mussolini's Roman empire
Interpretations of fascism
Reconstructing the past : representations of the Fascist era in post-war European culture
France in the era of fascism : essays on the French authoritarian right
The final reckoning : Nuremberg diaries
Horthyist-fascist terror in Northwestern Romania September 1940 - October 1944
The ideology of fascism : the rationale of totalitarianism
Fascist virilities : rhetoric, ideology, and social fantasy in Italy
The Fascists in Britain
The Gestapo at work in Norway
Fascism : a history
Entangled histories of the Balkans. 2, Transfers of political ideologies and institutions
How fascism ruled women : Italy, 1922-1945
International fascism : new thoughts and new approaches
The Italian dictatorship : problems and perspectives in the interpretation of Mussolini and fascism
The doctrine of fascism
The rise of fascism
"Pouring Jewish water into fascist wine" : untold stories of (Catholic) Jews from the archive of Mussolini's Jesuit Pietro Tacchi Venturi. Volume 2
A primer of Italian fascism
Rationalism and Italian architecture during fascism = Le rationalisme et l'architecture en Italie pendant le fascisme = Rationalismus und Architektur in Italien während des Faschismus
Linguistics and the Third Reich : mother-tongue fascism, race and the science of language
Between the swastika and the Cross of Lorraine : fascisms in interwar Alsace
The Third Reich : politics and propaganda
Las Derechas : the extreme right in Argentina, Brazil, and Chile, 1890-1939
American fascists : the Christian Right and the war on America
The birth of fascist ideology : from cultural rebellion to political revolution
Half a crown
No compromise : the conflict between two worlds
A history of fascism : 1914-1945
Anti-fascism in Britain
Mussolini and Fascism : the view from America
Radicalisation of the British aristocracy : aristocratic decline, inter-war fascism and reactionary rhetoric
The economic foundations of fascism
From 1938 until 1943 - before the German occupation and accompanying Holocaust - Fascist Italy drafted and enforced a comprehensive set of anti-Semitic laws. Notwithstanding later rationalizations, the laws were enforced and administered with a high degree of severity and resulted in serious, and in some cases permanent, damage to the Italian Jewish community. Written from the perspective of an American legal scholar, this book constitutes the first truly comprehensive survey of the Race Laws in the English language. Based on an exhaustive review of Italian legal, administrative, and judicial sources, together with archives of the Italian Jewish community, Professor Michael A. Livingston demonstrates the zeal but also the occasional ambivalence and contradictions with which the Race Laws were applied and assimilated by the Italian legal order and ordinary citizens. Although frequently depressing, the history of the Race Laws also involves numerous examples of personal courage and idealism, and provides a useful and timely study of what happens when otherwise decent people are confronted with an evil and unjust legal order.-
Twentieth-century Italy : a social history
Mussolini's propaganda abroad : subversion in the Mediterranean and the Middle East, 1935-1940
Hitler's Furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
Dictatorship and festivals
Arab responses to fascism and Nazism : attraction and repulsion
Fascism : the meaning and experience of reactionary revolution
Mothers of invention : women, Italian fascism and culture
Italian fascisms from Pareto to Gentile
From communism to capitalism : theory of a catastrophe
In the name of Italy : nation, family, and patriotism in a fascist court
"Fascism, Architecture, and the Claiming of Modern Milan, 1922-1943 chronicles the dramatic architectural and urban transformation of Milan during the nearly twenty years of fascist rule. The commercial and financial centre of Italy and the birthplace of fascism, Milan played a central role in constructing fascism's national image and identity as it advanced from a revolutionary movement to an established state power. Using a wide range of archival sources, Lucy M. Maulsby analyses the public buildings, from the relatively modest party headquarters to the grandiose Palace of Justice and the Palazzo del Popolo d'Italia, through which Mussolini intended to enhance the city's image and solidify fascism's presence in Milan. Maulsby establishes the extent to which Milan's economic structure, social composition, and cultural orientation affected Il Duce's plans for the city, demonstrating the influences on urban development that were beyond the control of the fascist regime. By placing Milan's urban change in its historic context, this book expands our understanding of the relationship between fascism and the modern city."--Publisher's website.
Inside the third reich
"This edited volume deploys Deleuzian thinking to re-theorize fascism as a mutable problem in changing orders of power relations dependent on hitherto misunderstood social and political conditions of formation. It shifts the theory of fascism in International Relations from its prevailing macro-historical moorings to focus on what Deleuze called micro-fascism. It demonstrates the insufficiencies of both traditional and existing critical accounts of relations between fascism and modernity, contextualizing its own Deleuzian account in contrast with the development of historical, liberal, critical and post-structuralist theories of fascism developed to date. The book provides a theoretically distinct approach to the problem of fascism and its relations with liberalism and modernity in both historical and contemporary contexts.It serves as a seminal intervention into the debate over the causes and consequences of contemporary wars and global political conflicts as well as functioning as an accessible guide to the theoretical utilities of Deleuzian thought for IR in a manner that is very much lacking in current debates about International Relations. Recognising that Deleuze & Guttari's account of fascism aligns it with many of the concerns which continue to trouble International Relations theorists today, not least the global nature of war and the incessant desire for broader securitisation, so engaging with this aspect of their work is more pressing than ever. In light of this, this volume will draw upon their analysis to provide new critical commentaries into the phenomenon of fascism in the 21 Century.Covering a wide array of topics, all within the general remit of International Relations, this volume will provide a set of original contributions focussed in particular upon the contemporary nature of war; the increased priorities afforded to the security imperative; the changing designs of bio-political regimes, fascist aesthetics; nihilistic tendencies & the modernist logic of finitude; the politics of suicide; the specific desires upon which fascism draws and of course the recurring pursuit of power"--
Fascism in Europe
Hitler the pawn
Berlin diary : the journal of a foreign correspondent 1934-1941
For unity of the working class against fascism
Fascism in the contemporary world : ideology, evolution, resurgence
Mussolini and fascist Italy
Fascism and communism
The fascism reader
The fascist experience : Italian society and culture 1922-1945
Totalitarian art : in the Soviet Union, the Third Reich, Fascist Italy and the People's Republic of China
"Fascist Virilities exposes the relation between rhetoric and ideology. Barbara Spackman looks at Italian fascism as a matter of discourse, with "virility" as the master code that articulates and melds its disparate elements. In her analysis, rhetoric binds together the elements of ideology, with "virility" as the key. To reveal how this works, Spackman traces the circulation of "virility" in the discourse of the Italian regime and in the rhetorical practices of Mussolini himself. She tracks the appearance of virility in two of the sources of fascist rhetoric, Gabriele D'Annunzio and F.T. Marinetti, in the writings of the futurist Valentine de Saint Point and the fascist feminist Teresa Labriola, and in the speeches of Mussolini." "A critical and timely contribution to the current reappraisal of fascist ideology, this book will interest anyone concerned with the relations between gender, sexuality, and fascist discourse."--BOOK JACKET.
Fascism : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 5, Post-war fascisms
The civilization of the Holocaust in Italy : poets, artists, saints, anti-semites
British fascism 1918-39 : parties, ideology and culture
Fascism : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 1, The nature of fascism
Published in 1937, twelve years before Orwell's 1984, Swastika Night projects a totally male-controlled fascist world that has eliminated women as we know them. Women are breeders, kept as cattle, while men in this post-Hitlerian world are embittered automatons, fearful of all feelings, having abolished all history, education, creativity, books, and art. The plot centers on a misfit who asks, “How could this have happened?”
Mussolini : the last 600 days of il Duce
Under the axe of fascism
Hitler and nazism
Fascism and dictatorship : the Third International and the problem of fascism
Blood & belonging : journeys into the new nationalism
National socialism : basic principles, their application by the nazi party's foreign organization, and the use of Germans abroad for nazi aims
Mussolini's policemen : behaviour, ideology and institutional culture in representation and practice
Mussolini's Rome : rebuilding the Eternal City
Fascism neo-fascism neo-nazism : international seminar Frankfurt/Main (GFR) May 2 and 3, 1970
Crime and the fascist state, 1850-1940
The prisoner of heaven
Fascism : a very short introduction
The struggle for modernity : nationalism, futurism, and fascism
The mass psychology of fascism
Male fantasies. 1, Women, floods, bodies, history
Women and fascism
Who were the fascists : social roots of European fascism
Our contempt for weakness : nazi norms and values, and our own
Stepan Bandera : the life and afterlife of a Ukrainian nationalist : fascism, genocide, and cult
From liberalism to fascism : the Right in a French province, 1928-1939
The extreme right : freedom and security at risk
Gaetano Salvemini : a biography
The aim of the second part of the project on the impact of the racial laws under the Mussolini regime is to offer the reader a critical edition and an English translation of 139 letters that were exchanged between the victims of those laws (and their relatives and friends) and the Jesuit Pietro Tacchi Venturi (1861-1956) who interceded with the Fascist government in order to circumvent or alleviate various provisions of the 1938 anti-Jewish legislation.
Pre-prison writings
The seizure of power : Fascism in Italy 1919-1929
Hitler's Valkyrie : the uncensored biography of Unity Mitford
Mussolini and his generals : the armed forces and fascist foreign policy, 1922-1940
A people's history of modern Europe
Fascism and pre-fascism in Europe, 1890-1945 : a bibliography of the extreme right
Syndicalism, fascism and post-fascism in Italy 1900-1950
Ezra Pound's fascist propaganda, 1935-45
From fascism to democracy : culture and politics in the Italian election of 1948
Wake up and dream
Futurism and politics : between anarchist rebellion and fascist reaction, 1909-1944
Italian fascism and developmental dictatorship
Liberalism and the challenge of fascism : social forces in England and France (1815-1870)
The Nikopol trilogy
Fascism, architecture, and the claiming of modern Milan, 1922-1943
Priest, politician, collaborator : Jozef Tiso and the making of fascist Slovakia
Austrian democracy under fire
Germans into Nazis
'Hurrah for the blackshirts'! : fascists and fascism in Britain between the wars
This volume is the first thorough investigation of culture produced by Italian women under Fascism (1922-1943). In literature, painting, sculpture, film, and fashion, the contributors explore the politics of invention articulated by these women as they negotiated prevailing ideologies.
Sawdust Caesar : the untold history of Mussolini and fascism
The influence of fascism on the creation of right-wing movements in Bolivia
Modern fascism : liquidating the Judeo-Christian worldview
German crimes in Poland. 2, 0002.
Farthing
This book shows how, during the 20th century, evils such as racism, genocide, war, and tyranny became indelibly linked to the fascist cause, and examines the enduring and popular appeal of an ideology that has counted princes, poets, and war heroes among its most fervent adherents. From Mussolini's use of poison gas against Abyssinian tribesmen in 1935 and Hitler's unparalleled use of mass murder on an industrial scale during the Holocaust to present-day right-wing fascist movements in Europe, this meticulously researched encyclopedia shows how fascism's history is filled with horror and bloodshed. From militant Zionist Revisionists who openly admired Mussolini in the 1930s to Balkan Muslim volunteers for the Waffen SS during World War II, fascism's heady brew of extreme nationalism and racism has seduced peoples across all races, religions, and classes. Now widely reviled, fascism became the dominant political force in Western Europe throughout the 1930s and into the 1940s. How did civilized nations like Italy, Germany, Austria, and others succumb to an ideology now regarded by the political mainstream as barbarous and beyond the pale? "World Fascism: A Historical Encyclopedia" covers all the key personalities and movements throughout the history of fascism and brings to light some of the ideology's lesser known aspects, from Hindu extremists in India to the pro-Fascist sympathies of certain members of the English aristocracy. How did an ideology founded on violence and thuggery come to seduce the elites of some of the most civilized nations on earth? What can explain fascism's enduring appeal?
Fascism in Western Europe 1900-45
Italian fascists on trial, 1943-1948
The spirit and structure of german fascism
Fascism in Italian cinema since 1945 : the politics and aesthetics of memory
The rhetoric of violence and sacrifice in fascist Italy : Mussolini, Gadda, Vittorini
Both a unique witness of transformative events in the late 20th century, and a prescient analysis of our present economic crises from a major French philosopher, Michel Henry's From Communism to Capitalism adds an important economic dimension to his earlier social critique. It begins by tracing the collapse of communist regimes back to their failure to implement Marx's original insights into the irreplaceable value of the living individual. Henry goes on to apply this same criticism to the surviving capitalist economic systems, portending their eventual and inevitable collapse. The influence of Michel Henry's radical revision of phenomenological thought is only now beginning to be felt in full force, and this edition is the first English translation of his major engagement with socio-economic questions. From Communism to Capitalism reinterprets politics and economics in light of the failure of socialism and the pervasiveness of global capitalism, and Henry subjects both to critique on the basis of his own philosophy of life. His notion of the individual is one that, as subjective affect, subtends both Marxist collectivism and liberalism simultaneously. In addition to providing a crucial economic elaboration of Henry's influential social critiques, this work provides a context for understanding the 2008 financial shock and offers important insights into the political motivations behind the 'Arab spring'.
Varieties of fascism : doctrines of revolution in the twentieth century
A history of socialist thought. Vol. 7, Socialism and fascism 1931-1939
Mussolini and the origins of the Second World War, 1933-1940
Fascism : theory and practice
The political and social doctrine of fascism
Three faces of fascism : Action française, Italian fascism, National socialism
Deleuze & fascism : security, war, aesthetics
Fascism outside Europe : the European impulse against domestic conditions in the diffusion of global fascism
"The Origins of American Hegemony in Europe Originally published in Italian in 1980, Gli Stati Uniti e il fascismo: Alle origini dell'egemonia Americana in Italia is regarded today as a crucial text on the relationship between the United States and Italy during the interwar years. Aside from the addition of two new prefaces - one by the author and one by the book's translator, Molly Tambor - the original text has remained unchanged, so that Anglophone readers now have the opportunity to engage with this classic work. By analyzing the enduring relationship between the United States - especially its financial establishment - and fascist Italy up until Mussolini's conquest of Ethiopia in 1935, this book provides answers to some key questions about the interconnectedness of America's rise to hegemonic global financial power in the twentieth century and its support of Italian fascism during this time. Gian Giacomo Migone is Professor of History of Euroatlantic Relations at the University of Torino, Italy. He is the author of Problemi di Storia nei Rapporti tra Italia e Stati Uniti (1971) and Banchieri Americani e Mussolini (1979), and he has written numerous essays concerning Euro-Atlantic relations before, during, and after the Cold War. He was a member of the Italian Senate, where he chaired the Foreign Relations Committee, the United Nations System Staff College Advisory Board, the Civilian Affairs Committee, and the NATO Parliamentary Assembly, from 1992 to 2001. He is the founder and first editor of L'indice dei Libri del Mese, an Italian cultural monthly. Molly Tambor is Assistant Professor of European History at Long Island University Post. She is the author of The Lost Wave: Women and Democracy in Postwar Italy (2014)"--
The United States and fascist Italy : the rise of American finance in Europe
A special mission : Hitler's secret plot to seize the Vatican and kidnap Pope Pius XII
Fascism in Spain, 1923-1977
Democracy, fascism and the new world order
Politics and the occult : the left, the right and the radically unseen
A history of Italian fascism
Opposing fascism : community, authority and resistance in Europe
The summer isles
