http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6303 discrimination
discrimination
Realism and otherness in the science fiction film District 9
Abstract.
As an Equal Member of Society: Survey Study of Integration of Foreign Student's New Life Situation in Mikkeli
Why race and gender still matter : an intersectional approach
Equal in law, unequal in fact : racial and ethnic discrimination and the legal response thereto in Europe
Arabs as labours in Finland
Summary of a consultation on Government measures to tackle discrimination against disabled people : disability - on the agenda
This book examines the contemporary nature of caste disparities in India from an economist's perspective. Questioning traditional wisdom on the degree of change in the caste system over the last two decades, it brings together evidence on different dimensions of caste disparities based on two large national-level data sets
Astro boy. 9
White racism : the basics
Cass is a rare Omega, one burdened with psychic foresight. While her twin, Zach, gains power on the Alpha Council, she dares to dream the most dangerous dream of all: equality. For daring to envision a world in which Alphas and Omegas live side-by-side as equals, both the Council and the Resistance have her in their sights.
Discrimination - a way of earning or wasting money? : the allocation of the work under imperfect competition
The fire sermon
Astro boy. 14
Also they have a meaning
"A woman and her husband admitted to a hospital to have a baby requests that their nurse be reassigned - they are white supremacists and don't want Ruth, who is black, to touch their baby. The hospital complies, but the baby later goes into cardiac distress when Ruth is on duty. She hesitates before rushing in to perform CPR. When her indecision ends in tragedy, Ruth finds herself on trial, represented by a white public defender who warns against bringing race into a courtroom. As the two come to develop a truer understanding of each other's lives, they begin to doubt the beliefs they each hold most dear"--
Discrimination and hate crime against Jews in EU Member States : experiences and perceptions of antisemitism
Reducing inequalities in health : a European perspective
Integrating gender equality into business and management education : lessons learned and challenges remaining
Immigrants on discrimination. 2
The fat pedagogy reader : challenging weight-based oppression through critical education
They say: oh, it's a foreigner who made trouble
Abstract: Racist identity within youth groups : a case study in the city of Joensuu at the turn of the millenium
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
Laws, attitudes and public policy
Sex discrimination in a nutshell
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Yes we can? : white racial framing and the 2008 presidential campaign
Rethinking the reasonable person : an egalitarian reconstruction of the objective standard
The effect of discrimination on job performance and job satisfaction
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
Migrant integration policy index
Sexist harassment as an issue of gender equality politics and policies at university
Astro boy. 13
Four hundred years in the future, the Earth has turned primitive following a nuclear fire that has laid waste to civilization and nature. Though the radiation fall-out has ended, for some unknowable reason every person is born with a twin. Of each pair, one is an Alpha, physically perfect in every way, and the other an Omega, burdened with deformity, small or large. With the Council ruling an apartheid-like society, Omegas are branded and ostracized while the Alphas have gathered the world's sparse resources for themselves. Though proclaiming their superiority, for all their effort Alphas cannot escape one harsh fact: whenever one twin dies, so does the other.
Faces of racism
Complying with colonialism : gender, race and ethnicity in the Nordic region
Individual crimes or a sociological phenomenon : a critical discourse analysis of the 2014 Royal Canadian Mounted Police national operational overview on missing and murdered indigenous women in Canada
The bluest eye
Gender tales from Africa : voices of children and women against discrimination
Employment relations : a critical and international approach
Who discriminates against women?
With more deliberate speed : achieving equity and excellence in education : realizing the full potential of Brown v. Board of Education
The three burials : kolmasti kuopattu
Astro boy. 15
Foundations of employment discrimination law
Astro boy. 10
The whole woman
Unspeakable things : sex, lies and revolution
Amnesty international report
Dead and gone
The Intifada : causes and factors of continuity
Abstract: Discrimination is one of the most controversial phenomena to challenge the Human Resources (HR) function in the work place. It has been discussed in depth by sociologists, politicians and lawyers and remains a topical issue. Despite advances gender discrimination still persists, and continues to be experienced by women in the contemporary work space. Purpose - As job satisfaction has been shown to directly affect business performance, there has been increased interest in how job satisfaction can be improved through effective human resource management. Therefore, this study will attempt to discover the empirical factors that could determine the satisfaction levels of workers in the UK, and this research will also examine whether the gender of workers determines any differences in the levels of satisfaction. Methodology - This study uses theories to compare job satisfaction and performance. The major determinant being gender equality and focusing on whether there is correlation between equality and job satisfaction. Findings - Even though job satisfaction and equal treatment of women and men does not necessarily bring about better performance and productivity; however the reverse affects the work environment negatively. Keeping employees satisfied is one method of keeping companies productive. Moreover motivating workers with more responsibility and challenge makes workplaces healthier. Research limitations - This research focuses on the UK job market; however it a vital issue to extend this to other countries and in better detail. Practical implications - This study intends to present understanding of those variables that are likely to determine the satisfaction of women employees, and the author hopes that company managers will find these findings valuable to adopt opportunities to motivate workers more effectively to raise their levels of satisfaction and commitment. Original value - This study offers findings that are valuable and original as the focus will examine whether the gender of workers could determine their job satisfaction, and how this influences the productivity and performance of organisations.
Anti-discriminatory practice in counselling and psychotherapy
Gender divide and the computer game industry
The whale rider
Examining effectiveness of an immigrant labor market integration intervention : the role of acculturation, discrimination, self-efficacy, outcome expectances, action and coping planning
Small great things : a novel
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
Forked : a new standard for American dining
Managing diversity and the glass cliff
Gender at work
Unequal treatment : a study in the neo-classical theory of discrimination
Astro boy. 12
Diversity and society : race, ethnicity, and gender
When Cyd Zeigler started writing about LGBT sports issues in 1999, no one wanted to talk about them. Today, this is a central conversation in American society that reverberates throughout the sports world and beyond.  In Fair Play, Zeigler tells the story of how sports have transformed for LGBT athletes, diving into key moments and issues that have shaped sports for LGBT people today. He shares intimate behind-the-scenes details about various athletes and stories--including NFL Hall of Famer Michael Irvin, transgender MMA fighter Fallon Fox, and NFL hopeful Michael Sam, among others--along with contextual insights about elite sports, including the overhyped "distraction" myth surrounding gay athletes.
When we were colored : a mother's story
Business ethics : concepts & cases
Discrimination and disrespect
Stereotyping and prejudice : changing conceptions
Image of migration in Western Europe in 1990s
Darwin's children
Gender dimensions of racial discrimination
Prejudice, ethnocentrism and racism
Study of the problem of discrimination against indigenous populations. 5, Conclusions, proposals and recommendation
A stranger in my homeland : the politics of belonging among young people with Kurdish backgrounds in Sweden
Odegos kales praktikes : apo ten anaperia sten endynamose tu kosmu ton kofon: morfez diakriseon pu yfistantai oi kofoi sten Eyropi = Guideline of good practices. From disabling to enriching the deaf world: forms of discrimination deaf people are faced with in Europe = Guide de bonne pratique. Le monde des sourds: du handicap a l'enrichissement. Un projet pour combattre la discrimination sous toutes ses formes rencontě par les sourds de tous ǵes en Europe
Women and fixed-term employment
The concept of a restriction on the free movement of capital in direct taxation
Discrimination of sexual and gender minorities in sports and exercise
Poverty and prosperity : prospects for reducing racial/ethnic economic disparities in the United States
Sexual and gender minorities at work
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
Fair play : how LGBT athletes are claiming their rightful place in sports
Astro boy. Books 1 and 2
Confronting the fortress : black and migrant women in the European Union : working papers
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
Astro boy. 3
Astro boy. 11
Martin Luther King, Jr. : the last interview and other conversations
Understanding disability : inclusion, access, diversity, and civil rights
On landlord's discriminatory behaviour
Women's leader-member relationships during pregnancy and the return to work
Sports law
Long hidden : speculative fiction from the margins of history
Staying : dream, bin, soft stud and other stories
Autism equality in the workplace : removing barriers and challenging discrimination
Historically, the female body has been enshrined as an aesthetic object. It has been associated with nature, sin, and danger. It has been reduced to gynecology and blamed for women's inferior status. This collection of seventeen essays covers a wide range of women's studies topics that are related directly to the portrayal of the female body. Contributors focus on links between cultural representation and the physical treatment of women. Following an introductory discussion of perspectives on "the body" as raised by feminist theorists, part one of the volume explores the ways men have represented women's bodies in art, literature, historical writing, religion, and in popular culture. Part two addresses problems associated with the physical treatment of women by those within the field of medicine, the practice of social policy, and the practice of law. Part three focuses on the recent women's struggle to reclaim control of their bodies by creating their own definitions and representations and, in the process, to proclaim their own intimate knowledge of themselves as women.
Current trends in the development of social control
No future without forgiveness
Human rights of women from a Finnish perspective
Experiences of ethnic and racial discrimination in Finland : a presentation of NEON material, 1998-1999
Astro boy. 19
Discrimination in employment : a study of six countries
Sectarian identities or geopolitics? : the regional Shia-Sunni divide in the Middle East
Increasing multicultural understanding
Domino : a manual to use peer group education as a means to fight racism, xenophobia, anti-semitism and intolerance
Sex, love & homophobia : lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender lives
Black boy
The map of bones
Peer prejudice and discrimination : evolutionary, cultural, and developmental dynamics
Contract and domination
The dark side of zionism : Israel's quest for security through dominance
Scotland's foremost composer, James MacMillan, accused his country of being a land of "sleep-walking bigotry" where "visceral anti-Catholicism" disfigures national life. Clearly MacMillan had touched a nerve. Was Scotland really "Northern Ireland without the guns and bullets?" Although the debate was intense, however, few contributions rose above the level of swapping competing anecdotes. It became clear there was a need for more reflective assessments and for hard evidence to confirm or deny the many assertions made in the course of the discussion. This text tackles the issues MacMillan raised head on. Both Catholic and Protestant perspectives are represented. MacMillan's lecture is printed in the book together with his own reaction to the media storm which it provoked.
Employment discrimination law
Ethnic discrimination : comparative perspectives
Discriminatory refusal of carriage in North America
Is multiculturalism dead? : crisis and persistence in the constitutional state
The grammar of caste : economic discrimination in contemporary india
Your servants and your people
"As "As the Black Lives Matter movement gains momentum, and books like Ta-Nehisi Coates's Between the World and Me and Claudia Rankine's Citizen swing national attention toward the racism and violence that continue to poison our communities, it's as urgent now as ever to celebrate Martin Luther King, Jr., whose insistence on equality and peace defined the Civil Rights Movement and forever changed the course of American history. This collection ranges from an early 1961 interview in which King describes his reasons for joining the ministry (after considering medicine), to a 1964 conversation with Robert Penn Warren, to his last interview, which was conducted on stage at the convention of the Rabbinical Assembly, just ten days before King's assassination. Timely, poignant, and inspiring, Martin Luther King, Jr.: the last interview is an essential addition to the Last Interview series"--
On the ethics of minority protection
Anti-discrimination law and the European Union
Astro boy. 22
Discrimination in organizations : using social indicators to manage social change
Contending that the anti-feminist backlash in the academy is part of the broader "politically correct" rhetoric, this collection of writers, academics and activists is a much-needed response to the assault on feminist thinkers and critics in the academy today.
Readings in the political economy of aging
The limits of employment discrimination law in the United States and European Community
The no-nonsense guide to sexual diversity
Brown girl dreaming
Sex discrimination in the labour market
Sexual orientation discrimination : an international perspective
Spoilsports : understanding and preventing sexual exploitation in sport
Legislating equality : the politics of antidiscrimination policy in Europe
EU action against discrimination : activity report
The economics of poverty and discrimination
Astro boy. 18
Prejudice : the target's perspective
Anatomy of gender : women's struggle for the body
Discrimination law
Towards an HIV and AIDS competent church : an ecumenical handbook for defining HIV and AIDS competency
Mental illness : prejudice, discrimination and the law
Antifeminism in the academy
Learning and education of older workers : lifelong learning at the margin
Justice and reverse discrimination
The UK Economy and Immigrants : Work prospects of foreign nationals from 1980's to present day
The persecution of persons with disability and the duty of reasonable accommodation in the European Union’s Refugee Law
Astro boy. Vol. 7
Astro boy. 21
Ladinos with ladinos, indians with indians : land, labor and regional ethnic conflict in the making of Guatemala
Civil rights and employment discrimination law
Amnesty International report. 1993.
Old magic
Assimilated individuals and segregated communities : a comparative study of housing and living related well-being of Finnish roma and housed gypsies and travellers in England
The International Journal of Education for Diversities
Handbook of prejudice, stereotyping, and discrimination
Astro boy. 16
Anti-discriminatory practice
Safeguarding adults and children with disabilities against abuse
Few would dispute that we live in an unequal and unjust world, but what causes this inequality to persist? Leading social commentator and academic Danny Dorling claims in this timely book that in rich countries inequality is no longer caused by not having enough resources to share, but by unrecognised and unacknowledged beliefs which actually propagate it. Based on significant research across a range of fields, in Injustice Dorling argues that, as the five social evils identified by Beveridge at the dawn of the British welfare state are gradually being eradicated (ignorance, want, idleness, squalor and disease), they are being replaced by five new tenets of injustice, that: elitism is efficient; exclusion is necessary;prejudice is natural;greed is good and despair is inevitable. In an informal yet authoritative style, Dorling examines who is most harmed by these injustices and why, and what happens to those who most benefit. Hard-hitting and uncompromising in its call to action, this is essential reading for everyone concerned with social justice.
Minority vote dilution
Anti-Zionism and antisemitism in the contemporary world
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
Free at last : the U. S. civil rights movement
Litigating the right not to be discriminated against under the ECHR and the revised ESC : a study of the Roma cases
All involved : a novel
The prohibition of discrimination under the European convention on human rights
Political instability, gender discrimination, and population growth in developing countries
Against discrimination or for equality
Witness the night
Systemic discrimination in employment and the promotion of ethnic equality
"This book takes a look at the games industry from a gendered perspective and highlights the variety of ways in which women remain underrepresented in this industry"--Provided by publisher.
Discrimination, sickness absence, and labor market policy
The legal status of the Arabs in Israel
Astro boy. 23
I see the promised land : A life of Martin Luther King Jr
Equine Assisted Activities in Finland : The current situation from the point of view of the people working in the field
An "examination of what we don't talk about when we talk about restaurants: Is the line cook working through a case of stomach flu because he doesn't get paid sick days? Is the busser not being promoted because he speaks with an accent? Is the server tolerating sexual harassment because tips are her only income? ... [This book] offers an insider's view of the highest--and lowest--scoring restaurants for worker pay and benefits in each sector of the restaurant industry, and with it, a new way of thinking about how and where we eat"--Amazon.com.
Apo ten anaperia sten endynamose tu kosmu ton kofon: morfez diakriseon pu yfistantai oi kofoi sten Eyrope = From disabling to enriching the deaf world: forms of discrimination deaf people are faced with Europe
Scotland's shame? : bigotry and sectarianism in modern Scotland
The ugly duckling
Ethnocentric, everyday racism : an outline of a conceptualisation of racism
Go set a watchman
Interpretation and application of concepts in the politics of human rights: "human right", "people", "minority", and "indigenous"
Equality, diversity and inclusion at work : a research companion
Publications of the Ombudsman for Minorities
An analysis of participants’ experiences of HELMO workshops
Sexual orientation discrimination in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia
Rule of law in a state of emergency : the Paris minimum standards of human rights norms in a state of emergency
An endeavor by Harlem dancers to achieve equality : the recognition of the Harlem-based African-American jazz dance between 1921 and 1943
Americanah
Employment discrimination law : cases and materials
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
Sex discrimination in the Swedish labor market : present situation and legal practices
Injustice : why social inequality persists
Breaking anonymity : the chilly climate for women faculty
Talk about racism
The manufacture of disadvantage : stigma and social closure
Discrimination law : text, cases and materials
On living through Soviet Russia
The reverse discrimination controversy : a moral and legal analysis
Sycamore row : a novel
Populism, media and education : challenging discrimination in contemporary digital societies
Combating discrimination against women
Market reaction towards CEO appointments : do executive gender and age matter?
Ashes of remembrance : a novel
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Report on Member States' legal provisions to combat discrimination
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
Regional development of anti-discrimination advisory services : experiences from the implementation of advisory services and results on the identification and tackling of discrimination
Essays on the behavioral economics of discrimination
The Intifada : causes and effects
Handbook on HIV and human rights for national human rights institutions
Across North America a growing body of "chilly climate" research documents the role played by environmental factors in reproducing gender inequality: practices that stereotype, exclude and devalue women are persistently powerful forces in creating "glass ceilings" and maintaining "pink ghettos". Women academics in North American universities and colleges offer an especially striking case for such research. Precisely because of their elite status, the accounts now emerging of the "chilly climate" faced by academic women throw into sharp relief the mechanisms that foster gender inequity throughout North American society. Collected in this volume are a number of reports and commentaries on "climate issues" as they affect women faculty in Canadian universities. They include Sheila McIntyre's Memo, an account of gender harassment in the context of a law school that was first circulated in 1986; two reports by and about women faculty at the University of Western Ontario that were inspired by McIntyre's Memo; accounts of the reactions of male colleagues, the administration and the media to "climate" studies; and several chapters that critically reframe the discussion of chilly climate practices in terms of questions of race and sexual identity.
Astro boy. 17
Communication and race : a structural perspective
Affirmative discrimination : ethnic inequality and public policy
EU-MIDIS European Union minorities and discrimination survey : data in focus report : police stops and minorities
The struggle against discrimination : a collection of international instruments adopted by the United Nations system
