http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6307 structural design
structural design structure planning
Designers' guide to Eurocode : basis of structural design, EN 1990
Earthquake resistant design and risk reduction
Handbook of civil engineering calculations
Reporting in Tekla Structures
Optimal structural analysis
Dynamics in the practice of structural design
Designer's guide to  eurocode 1: action to bridges : EN 1991-2, EN 1991-1-1, -1-3 to -1-7 and EN 1990 ANNEX A2
Handbook of architectural and civil drafting
Structure as Architecture presents a comprehensive analysis of the indispensable role of structure in architecture. An exploration, as well as a celebration, of structure, the book draws on a series of design studies and case study examples to illustrate how structure can be employed to realize a wide range of concepts in contemporary architecture. By examining design principles that relate to both architecture and structural engineering, Andrew Charleson provides new insights into the relationship between both the technical and aesthetic aspects of architecture. Now in its second edition, the text has been extensively revised and updated throughout. Features include: * A brand new chapter on hidden structure, adding to the material on exposed structures * Two new chapters on using structure to realise common architectural concepts through a combination of precedents and creative design * Over 50 new case studies from across the globe * Easy-to-understand diagrams and a highly visual design to aid understanding and accessibility More than two hundred case studies of contemporary buildings from countries such as the UK, the US, France, Germany, Spain, Hong Kong, Australia and Japan illustrate how a thorough integration of structure adds layers of richness and enhances the realisation of architectural design concepts.
Steel structures : design and behavior : emphasizing load and resistance factor design
Designers' handbook to Eurocode 1. Part 1, Basis of design
Peptide based modulators of prostate specific kallikrein-related peptidases 2 and 3
Design of steel structures (for students of B.E./B.Tech)
Advanced structural mechanics : an introduction to continuum mechanics and structural mechanics
Modern structural analysis : modelling process and guidance
Abstract :
Building anatomy : an illustrated guide to how structures work
Building structures illustrated : patterns, systems, and design
Materials for Interior Environments
European design guide for tensile surface structures
Management of concrete structures for long-term serviceability : proceedings of the International Seminar held at the University of Sheffield, England, UK on 13 November 1997
Structural and civil engineering design
The art of structures
Protein crystallographic studies of A-TIM—structure based development of new enzymes
Action of glued steel plates in strengthening of structures
Structure as design : 23 projests that wed structure and interior design
Introduction to finite elements in engineering
Finite element design of concrete structures : practical problems and their solution
Technical suppost material for WQ- and CWQ-beams
Limit state design for strengthening foundations of historic buildings using pretested drilled spiral piles with special reference to St. John’s Church in Tartu
Structural dynamics : theory and applications
Waves in a slab of uniaxial BW medium
Finite element analysis : theory and practice
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Preliminary European recommendations for sandwich panels. Part 2, Good practice
Structural engineering formulas
Applied structural design of buildings
Handbook of structural engineering
Dimensioning of strain or deformation-controlled reinforced concrete beams
Sfs-käsikirja. 200, Eurokoodi : Eurocode 0. Rakenteiden suunnitteluperusteet ; Basis of structural design
Structural design and calculation of a timber house
Finite elements in civil engineering applications : proceedings of the Third DIANA World Conference, Tokyo, Japan, 9-11 October 2002
Building structures illustrated
Autodesk Robot Structural Analysis Professional -2014 : Ken Marsh
Parameter identification using ROLSM in problems of fire technology
The efficency of BIM utilization in detail engineering design
Structural analysis and design of a warehouse building
Urban form and greenhouse gas emissions : summary
Eurokoodi : Eurocode. 6, Muurattujen rakenteiden suunnittelu =. Design of masonry structures
Preliminary European recommendations for the testing and design of fastenings for sandwich panels
Concrete bridge designer's Manual
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
Widespan roof structures
Eurokoodi 5 : puurakenteiden suunnittelu = Eurocode 5 : design of timber structures
Design of blast-resistant buildings in petrochemical facilities
Cable structures : design and static analysis
Mixed variable formulations for truss topology optimization
Building design using cold formed steel sections : fire protection
Designer's guide to eurocode 9 : design of aluminium structures EN 1999-1-1 and -1-4
Prototype building structures : analysis and design
"A new edition of Francis D.K. Ching's illustrated guide to structural design. Structures are an essential element of the building process, yet one of the most difficult concepts for architects to grasp. While structural engineers do the detailed consulting work for a project, architects should have enough knowledge of structural theory and analysis to design a building. Building Structures Illustrated takes a new approach to structural design, showing how structural systems of a building--such as an integrated assembly of elements with pattern, proportions, and scale--are related to the fundamental aspects of architectural design. The book features a one-stop guide to structural design in practice, a thorough treatment of structural design as part of the entire building process, and an overview of the historical development of architectural materials and structure. Illustrated throughout with Ching's signature line drawings, this new Second Edition is an ideal guide to structures for designers, builders, and students. Updated to include new information on building code compliance, additional learning resources, and a new glossary of terms. Offers thorough coverage of formal and spatial composition, program fit, coordination with other building systems, code compliance, and much more. Beautifully illustrated by the renowned Francis D.K. Ching. Building Structures Illustrated, Second Edition is the ideal resource for students and professionals who want to make informed decisions on architectural design"--
Behaviour of high-strength structural steel S420M at elevated temperatures
Ice and construction : state-of-art report prepared by RILEM Technical Committee TC-118, Ice and construction
"Bestselling reference by reknowned authors of architectural design. One-stop guide to structural design in practice, meant for every designer's desktop. Illustrated throughout with Ching's trademark drawing. Treatment of structural design as part of the entire building design process. Includes overview of the historicial development of architectural materials and structures"--
Expert systems for design of steel structures. Part 2, Hierarchical aggregation form of steel skeleton
Expert systems for design of steel structures. Part 5, FST-EXPERT, preliminary program documentation
Expert systems for design of steel structures. Part 3, Expert rules for design of bars and joints
ICE manual of structural design : buildings
Computer aided design and comparison of alternative building frames
Defects and deterioration in buildings
Rautaruukki Steel : welding guide : a guide to the welding of hot-rolled steels from Rautaruukki
Timber engineering STEP 1 : basis of design, material properties, structural components and joints
Construction planning
Design of structural elements : concrete, steelwork, masonry and timber design to British standards and Eurocodes
Design Handbook for a Stack Foundation
Structure as architecture : a source book for architects and structural engineers
Designers' guide to EN 1991-1-4 : Eurocode 1: actions on structures, general actions : part 1-4 : wind actions
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Fuel Cell Hybrid EVs
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Concrete best practice : guidance from a European perspective
Basis of design of structures : classification and reliability differentiation of structures
Ductile design of steel structures
Building design using cold formed steel sections : an architect's guide
Application of hp-finite element formulation to non-linear heat conduction problems with source terms
Small things considered : why there is no perfect design
Building structures
Design engineering : AKT Adams Kara Taylor
Integrating fire risk into forest planning
Fundamentals of structural analysis
Analysis and design of structural bonded joints
Optimum structural design : concepts, methods, and applications
Seismic design of timber structures
Tekla structures wall detailing
Concepts of structure
Journal of mechanical design
Reinforced concrete structures
Structural dynamics for engineers
European recommendations for sandwich panels. Part 1, Design
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Proceedings of the International Workshop on the Evaluation of Eurocode 7 : Trinity College, Dublin, 31 March and 1 April 2005
Mechanical design of a rotary table
Steel structures : practical design studies
Examples in structural analysis
Energy methods in structural mechanics : a comprehensive introduction to matrix and finite element methods of analysis
Construction organization Design and Project Cost
Principles of structures
Advanced structural dynamics and active control of structures
Building design using cold formed steel sections : acoustic insulation
Expert systems for design of steel structures. Part 1, Introductionary report
To engineer is human : the role of failure in successful design
Evolutionary and adaptive computing in engineering design
Foundation design : principles and practices
Architect's handbook of construction detailing
Civil engineering : PE problems & solutions
Artificial intelligence in computational engineering
The behaviour and design of steel structures to BS5950
