http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6304 oppression
oppression
Under the hawthorn tree
Hydraulic development and ethnocide. the Mazatec and Chinantec people of Oaxaca, Mexico
Lane argues that the relationship between the deaf community and those who claim to help them resembles that between colonized and colonizerm resulting in the suppression of the oppressed group's language and culture - in the dehumanization of the oppressed to the profit of the oppressor.He shows, for example, how the "medicalization" of culturel deafness does more for medical professionals and the manufacturers of prosthetic devices (hearing aids, "bionic ears") than for deaf children; how the "mainstreaming" of deaf children in hearing schools actually obstructs their education - aiding not the students but the interests of a various medical and rehabilitation specialists by putting a premium on their services.
Pedagogy of the oppressed
Where vultures feast : Shell, human rights, and oil in the Niger Delta
House of orphans
The search for a socialist El Dorado : Finnish immigration to Soviet Karelia from the United States and Canada to in the 1930s
"Enemies of the people" under the Soviets : a history of repression and its consequences
The mask of benevolence : disabling the deaf community
Paradise in ashes : a Guatemalan journey of courage, terror, and hope
Censoring sexuality
Protest, reform and repression in Khrushchev's Soviet Union
Systemic racism : a theory of oppression
Learning to question : a pedagogy of liberation
Essays in honour of Ben Beinart. Vol. 1
Worst of the worst : dealing with repressive and rogue nations
Oppression and liberty
In the ninety-ninth district of a sprawling labour camp, the Author, Musician, Scholar, Theologian and Technician are undergoing Re-education, to restore their revolutionary zeal and credentials. In charge of this process is the Child, who delights in draconian rules, monitoring behaviour and confiscating treasured books. The inmates - and hundreds of intellectuals just like them - must meet challenges set by the higher-ups: to grow an ever-spiralling amount of wheat per li of land, and to smelt vast quantities of steel. The stakes are high: they can win their freedom if they are awarded enough of the small red blossoms, medium red blossoms and pentagonal stars given out for effort, obedience and informing on others. But when bad weather arrives, followed by the 'three bitter years' of the Great Famine, the intellectuals are abandoned by the regime and left on their own to survive. Divided into four narratives, echoing the four texts of Confucianism and the four Gospels of the New Testament, The Four Books tells the story of one of China's most controversial periods. It also shows us the power of camaraderie, love and faith against oppression and the darkest possible odds.
Woman from Shanghai : tales of survival from a Chinese labor camp
Consorts of heaven
Pedagogy of the city
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
The Spanish holocaust : inquisition and extermination in twentieth-century Spain
The invisible war in North Kurdistan
Research as Resistance brings together the theory and practice of anti-oppressive approaches to social science research. Emphasizing meaningful involvement of research subjects in the research processes and critical reflexivity, this book describes both theoretical foundations and practical applications of socially just research. The book covers some of the ontological and epistemological considerations involved in such research, including researcher positionality, and offers examples across a range of methodologies, including storytelling and Indigenous research. This is a unique text in that it is firmly anchored in the Canadian context, and the featured researchers occupy marginalized locations.
Ethiopia and Liberia versus South Africa : an official account of the contentious proceedings on South West Africa before the International Court of Justice at the Hague 1960-1966
The shipwrecked : contemporary stories by women from Iran
The humble Petition of the Diet of Finland to H. I. M. : emperor of Russia, Grand Duke of Finland, May 26th, 1910.
God's jury : the inquisition and the making of the modern world
On art and war and terror
Bitter chocolate : the dark side of the world's most seductive sweet
Imperial borderland : Bobrikov and the attempted russification of Finland, 1898-1904
Tibetan nuns between oppression and opportunities : an intersectional study
Beyond God the Father : toward a philosophy of women's liberation
Resistance is futile! Impacts of repression on dissident activity
Confronting injustice and oppression : concepts and strategies for social workers
Confronting oppression, restoring justice : from policy analysis to social action
Silence and voice in the study of contentious politics
The peoples of the Baltic and South Caucasus regions during the Russian and Soviet empires : comparative analysis of the formation of national conciousness
Drawing on a vast range of new sources, including their own oral history interviews, Golubev and Takala have written the first major account in English of a most dramatic and revealing, yet still little-known, episode in twentieth-century history--the mass immigration of North American Finns to Soviet Karelia in the 1930s. Meticulously researched this volume offers powerful and moving insights into not only the causes and course of the immigration but also into the experiences of the migrants and the tragic fate that awaited many of them during the Stalinist repressions.
Fires of hatred : ethnic cleansing in twentieth-century Europe
" This stunning collection of short stories captures the lives of women in Iran in the aftermath of the revolution. Evoking the enormous isolation of daily existence, and the persistence of a people living under a repressive regime, these literary gems reward us with an inside view of a turbulent and closed society. " -- (Feminist Press)
The garlic ballads : a novel
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
The first Christians in their social worlds : social-scientific approaches to New Testament interpretation
The Death of Jüri Kukk: A Case Study in Erratic Repression
Love & tears : suffering and survival in wartime Russia
Long hidden : speculative fiction from the margins of history
Colonial madness : psychiatry in French North Africa
Civilization and oppression
Former people : the last days of the Russian aristocracy
Finland's union with the russian empire : with reference to M. K. Ordin's work "Finland's subjugation"
Lost city radio : a novel
When his best friend Hector is suddenly taken away, Standish Treadwell realises that it is up to him, his grandfather and a small band of rebels to confront and defeat the ever-present oppressive forces of the Motherland.
Evoking Polish memory : state, self and the Communist past in transition
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Abstract: Gendered and oppressive discourses of disability : social-discursive perspective on disability.
Daughters of the KGB : Moscow's secret spies, sleepers and assassins of the cold war
Becoming an ally : breaking the cycle of oppression in people
Guardians of paradise
Research as resistance : revisiting critical, indigenous, and anti-oppressive approaches
The Ugly Laws : disability in public
The four books
The rights of Finland and the manifesto of the tsar of February 15, 1899 : a few leaves from the history of the life-struggle of a little nation
The wonderful O
Fear : the history of a political idea
Star cursed
Finland : an English journal devoted to the cause of the Finnish people
The colonization of psychic space : a psychoanalytic social theory of oppression
Ethics and value perspectives in social work
Long neglected by European historians, the unspeakable atrocities of Franco's Spain are finally brought to tragic light in this definitive work by Paul Preston, the world's foremost historian of 20th-century Spain
Internalized oppression : the psychology of marginalized groups
Against forgetting : twentieth-century poetry of witness
Gender and colonialism : a psychological analysis of oppression and liberation
Yezhov : the rise of Stalin's "iron fist"
The Finland Bulletin
Nomad : from islam to America : a personal journey through the clash of civilizations
Stalin and his hangmen : an authoritative portrait of a tyrant and those who served him
Political ponerology : a science on the nature of evil adjusted for political purposes
Neo-slave narratives : studies in the social logic of a literary form
To Moscow, not Mecca : the Soviet campaign against Islam in Central Asia, 1917-1941
Our enemies in blue : police and power in America
Alpha god : the psychology of religious violence and oppression
Former people : the final days of Russian aristocracy
Summary: Mass repressions in Estonia after world war II: sources and current state of research.
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Raised from the ground
The ancient ship
The foot of pride : the pressure of Christendom on the people of Israel for 1900 years
Globalizing lynching history : vigilantism and extralegal punishment from an international perspective
Constitutionalist insurgency in Finland : Finnish "passive resistance" against Russification as a case of nonmilitary struggle in the European resistance tradition
The perils of protest : state repression and student activism in China and Taiwan
Conflicts in the Middle East since 1945
Great Britain, British Jews and the international protection of Romanian Jews, 1900-1914 : a study of Jewish diplomacy and minority rights
Sexism, racism and oppression
Sharing the life of Other Mexico : the way to autonomous San Juan Copala : for the living memory of Jyri Jaakkola
Voices from Tibet
Critical humanism and the politics of difference
Bringer of light
House of Orphans
"Millions of Soviet citizens were executed and millions perished in the slave labor camps of the Gulag. This book describes the fate of those citizens who were declared enemies of the people not because of what they had done but because of who they were. Stalin's repression prevented the development of a civil society in the Soviet Union"--
Analyzing oppression
"This book takes a first step toward globalizing the history of lynching. Covering fourteen countries and five continents, it demonstrates that lynching has neither been a uniquely American phenomenon, nor did it exclusively target racial and ethnic minorities. But what appears to be common to vigilantism and extralegal punishment around the globe is the ideology of popular justice, the idea that lynching represents a form of communal self-defense against crimes that are unchecked by the state. The multidisciplinary and multiregional approach of this volume will lay the groundwork for a more thorough understanding of mob violence and extralegal punishment in the United States and the world"--Provided by publisher.
Facts relating to the recent Affairs in Finland
Fair-weather friend
Sleeping on Jupiter
Stereotyping and prejudice : changing conceptions
