http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p630 resurrection
resurrection
What happened to the body of Jesus?
Resurrection judgement and the hereafter
Shakespearean resurrection : the art of almost raising the dead
To live and live again : an overview of Techiyas HaMeisim based on the classical sources and on the teachings of Chabad Chassidism
In the end, the beginning : the life of hope
Resurrection : the origin and future of a Biblical doctrine
The Resurrection
After the thousand years : resurrection and judgment in Revelation 20
What really happened to Jesus : a historical approach to the resurrection
Blasphemy and exaltation in Judaism and the final examination of Jesus : a philological-historical study of the key Jewish themes impacting Mark 14:61-64
Resurrection
Greek resurrection beliefs and the success of Christianity
Proclaiming the resurrection : papers from the First Oak Hill College Annual School of Theology
The Resurrection and the icon
Revisiting the empty tomb : the early history of Easter
The resurrection of God incarnate
Mysterium Paschale = The mystery of Easter
Death and resurrection in art
The resurrection of the son of God
The resurrection of Jesus in the Gospel of John
Review: 'Far more than a discrete proposition, the resurrection of Jesus entails an imaginative world to be inhabited and cultivated-a world that would transform our moral stances by reframing the horizons and desires that shape and often distort our views of transcendence, self and neighbor, and death. Sarah Bachelard's Resurrection and Moral Imagination powerfully evokes such a world, yet does so by showing how the distinctive features of Christian imagination open up to and are deepened by sustained conversation across philosophical and theological boundaries. While skillfully conducting this conversation, Bachelard's own keen insights provide the reader with a rich sense of the Christian's resurrection ethic as a wisdom ethic.' Brian Robinette, Boston College, USA'More than any other book I have read, Resurrection and Moral Imagination brings the kind of moral philosophy first developed in the English-speaking world by Iris Murdoch, into critical dialogue with theology. In prose of enviable simplicity, with sensitivity, depth and sometimes startling originality, Bachelard explores the ways each needs the other.'Raimond Gaita, University of Melbourne, Australia'Innovative, lucid and sensitive, this is a genuinely fresh look at what is distinctive about the Christian moral vision, worked out in conversation with a variety of sympathetic but more secular voices, including Rai Gaita and Iris Murdoch. Sarah Bachelard is a really significant new voice in theological ethics.'Rowan Williams, Magdalene College, Cambridge, UK
Resurrection of the dead : biblical traditions in dialogue
The formation of the resurrection narratives
Life after death : Paul's argument for the resurrection of the dead in I Cor. 15
Resurrection and moral imagination
Harvesting Martin Luther's reflections on theology, ethics, and the church
Biblical concepts and our world
Marks of his wounds : gender politics and bodily resurrection
Carnis resurrectio : the interpretation of a credal formula
What awaits us beyond the grave is perhaps the fundamental human mystery. Visionary accounts of the afterlife are attested long before the Common Era, and loomed large in the imaginative universe of early Christianity. The medieval Irish inherited and further transformed this tradition, producing vivid eschatological narratives which had a profound impact throughout Europe as well as being works of remarkable literary and spiritual power in their own right. Under the headings 'Soul and Body', 'The Seven Heavens', 'The Next World', and 'The Judgement and its Signs', this book presents critical editions, with translation and commentary, of 26 eschatological texts from the Old, Middle, and Early Modern Irish periods, together with related material in Latin and Old English. Some of these works are here edited for the first time. Extended essays survey Irish eschatological literature a whole, and place it in its wider context; and the volume concludes with a comprehensive handlist of Irish eschatological compositions.
Jesus : nativity - passion - resurrection
The resurrection of the body : a study of 1 Corinthians 15
How did Christianity begin? : a believer and non-believer examine the evidence
Surprised by hope : rethinking heaven, the resurrection, and the mission of the church
Theology, ideology, and liberation : towards a liberative theology
Jesus' resurrection : fact or figment? : a debate between William Lane Craig & Gerd Lüdemann
Life beyond the death in Matthew's Gospel : religious metaphor or bodily reality?
The guards of the tomb (Matt 27:62-66 and 28:11-15) : Matthew's apologetic legend revisited
Jesus, the final days
The historian Flavius Josephus remains crucial for understanding numerous problems central to the study of Judaism and Christian origins. C.D. Elledge's book provides a comprehensive analysis of what Josephus reveals about Jewish hope in life after death, including such crucial passages of Josephus' works as his portrayal of Abraham, the Essenes, Pharisees, Sadducees, and Eleazar ben Jair. When viewed as a recurrent motif throughout his writings, Josephus uses life after death as a device that offers apologetical praise of Judaism to outsiders, addresses the problem of theodicy, and reinforces the moral ideals of his presentation of history.
Resurrection in the New Testament : Festschrift J. Lambrecht
Eternity of man
Life between death and resurrection according to Islam
Christ the liberator : a view from the victims
King and saviour. 3, The ascension of the apostle and the Heavenly Book
The post-mortem vindication of Jesus in the sayings Gospel Q
The biblical world. Vol. 1
Body and hope : a constructive interpretation of recent eschatology by means of the phenomenology of the body
The son rises : the historical evidence for the resurrection of Jesus
The first day of the new creation : the resurrection and the Christian faith
Killing Jesus : a history
The risen crucified Christ in Galatians
Crucified and resurrected : restructuring the grammar of Christology
Life after death in early Judaism : the evidence of Josephus
Resurrection of the body in early Judaism and early Christianity : doctrine, community and self-definition
Incarnation and Resurrection : toward a contemporary understanding
Moral life gathers its shape, force and meaning in relation to an underlying sense of reality, imaginatively conceived. Significant contemporary writing in philosophy appeals to the concept of 'transcendence' to explore what is deepest in our moral experience, but leaves this notion theologically unspecified. This book reflects on the appeal to transcendence in ethics with reference to the Resurrection of Jesus. Bachelard argues that the Resurrection reveals that the ultimate reality in which human life is held is gracious, forgiving and reconciling, a Goodness that is 'for us'. Faith in this testimony transforms the possibilities of moral life, both conceptually and in practice. It invites our participation in a goodness experienced non-dualistically as grace, and so profoundly affects the formation of the moral self, the practice of moral judgement and the shape of moral concepts. From this perspective, contemporary philosophical discussion about 'transcendence' in moral thought is cast in a new light, and debates about the continuity between theological and secular ethics gain a thoroughly new dimension. Bachelard demonstrates that placing the Resurrection at the heart of our ethical reflection resonates with the deepest currents of our lived moral experience and transfigures our approach to moral life and thought.
The trouble with resurrection : from Paul to the Fourth Gospel
Verbal artistry in the Seinte Resureccion
Early Christian writers preferred to speak of the coming resurrection in the most bodily way possible: the resurrection of the flesh. Twentieth-century theologian Karl Barth took the same avenue, daring to speak of humans' eternal life in rather striking corporeal terms. In this study, Nathan Hitchcock pulls together Barth's doctrine of the resurrection of the flesh, anticipating what the great thinker might have said more systematically in volume V of his Church Dogmatics. Provocatively, Hitchcock goes on to argue that Barth's description of the resurrection-as eternalization, as manifestation, as incorporation-bears much in common with some unlikely programs and, contrary to its intention, jeopardizes the very contours of human life it hopes to preserve. In addition to contributing to Barth studies, this book offers a sober warning to theologians pursuing eschatology through notions of participation.
The ascension of the apostle and the Heavenly Book
The sign : the Shroud of Turin and the secret of the Resurrection
Human destinity and resurrection in Pannenberg and Rahner
The Islamic understanding of death and resurrection
Karl Barth and the resurrection of the flesh : the loss of the body in participatory eschatology
Metamorphosis of finitude : an essay on birth and resurrection
The fate of the dead : studies on the Jewish and Christian apocalypses
Translating Resurrection : the debate between William Tyndale and George Joye in its historical and theological context
Auferstehung - Resurrection : the Fourth Durham-Tübinger Research symposium Resurrection, Transfiguration and Exaltation in Old Testament, Ancient Judaism and Early Christianity (Tübinger, September, 1999
Resurrection reconsidered
Resurrected? : an atheist and theist dialogue
Resurrection and parousia : a traditio-historical study of Paul's eschatology in 1 Corinthians 15
Resurrection and the New Testament
Classical Christianity and Rabbinic Judaism : comparing theologies
The resurrection effect : transforming Christian life and thought
Resurrection : myth or reality
Messias and the throne : Jewish Merkabah mysticism and early Christian exaltation discourse
Oxford readings in philosophical theology. Volume 2, Providence, scripture, and resurrection
Will the real Jesus please stand up? : a debate between William Lane Craig and John Dominic Crossan
The end and beyond : medieval Irish eschatology. Volume 1
Resurrection : theological and scientific assessments
The human body in death and resurrection
On the last day : the time of the resurrection of the dead according to Thomas Aquinas
"The Sign" by Thomas de Wesselow finally solves Christianity's greatest mystery. "The thinking man's Dan Brown". ("Sunday Times"). How did Christianity really begin? In this powerful and controversial book, art historian Thomas de Wesselow reveals that the answer to this puzzle lies in one of the most mysterious images in the world - the Shroud of Turin. Re-examining the Shroud and New Testament texts, he argues that the traditional Christian view - that the apostles were inspired by seeing Jesus raised from the dead - is a profound misconception. Using scientific, archaeological and historical evidence, "The Sign" demonstrates that the Shroud is the actual burial-cloth of Jesus. That haunting image - which is a natural stain - holds the key to the greatest mystery in human history. This astonishing book will appeal to readers around the world and is a must for fans of "The God Delusion" by Richard Dawkins and Diarmaid MacCulloch's "A History of Christianity". "Very intriguing". ("Mail on Sunday"). "A fascinating account of the Shroud as an image". ("BBC History Magazine"). "Thorough, well-researched and fair-minded. Persuasive ...much more than just an addition to the canon of Shroud literature". ("Irish Times"). Thomas de Wesselow earned his MA and PhD at London's Courtauld Institute, researching the controversial Guidoriccio fresco in Siena, before becoming a Scholar at the British School in Rome where he worked on another of the great mysteries of Italian art history, the Assisi Problem. He has written on a number of famous Renaissance pictures whose meanings have hitherto defied analysis, including Botticelli's "Primavera" and Titian's "Sacred and Profane Love". Since 2007 he has been researching this book full-time. He is 40 years old and he lives in Cambridge.
Raising Abel : the recovery of eschatological imagination
Assessing the New Testament evidence for the historicity of the Resurrection of Jesus
Death : the great adventure
Tehiyyat ha-metim : the resurrection of the dead in the Palestinian Targums of the Pentateuch and parallel traditions in classical Rabbinic literature
Personal identity and resurrection : how do we survive our death?
The Bible : documentary. Osa 4, Kristuksen kärsimys
More than a carpenter
The ascension of the Messiah in Lukan christology
Bodily resurrection and ethics in 1 Cor 15 : connecting faith and morality in the context of Greco-Roman mythology
Jesus of Nazareth. Part 2, Holy week, from the entrance into Jerusalem to the Resurrection
The time of the crucifixion and the resurrection : with other essays
This title presents a gloriously illustrated exploration of 3,000 years of the iconography of death and resurrection in world art. As one of the unavoidable realities of human existence, death is also one of the oldest and most common themes in art. From Egyptian tomb paintings and battles scenes on Greek vases by anonymous artists, to depictions of the crucifixion of Christ by Renaissance masters, to contemporary encounters with these subjects by artists such as Damien Hirst and Andres Serrano, this new volume in the "Guide to Imagery" series examines three-thousand years of the iconography of death and resurrection. While focusing on the Western artistic tradition, this volume also looks at many works of art from Asia, Africa, and Oceania as it explores depictions of death and resurrection - including violent death, ceremonial tributes to the departed, allegorical depictions, and the journey to the afterlife.
The Resurrection in Karl Barth
Theophrastus
The riddle of resurrection : "dying and rising gods" in the ancient Near East
Lessons on Islamic doctrine. Book 3, Resurrection, judgement and the hereafter
The risen Lord : the Jesus of history as the Christ of faith
In this book, Johanne S. Teglbjærg Kristensen analyses the relationship between body and hope. She critically investigates the eschatologies of Paul Tillich, Jürgen Moltmann and Wolfhart Pannenberg from the perspective of the phenomenology of the body represented by Maurice Merleau-Ponty. By focusing on the eschatological challenge of the body through a thematization of the issue of continuity, the author constructively interprets the classic eschatological themes of death, resurrection, judgement and the Second Coming. She shows how the classic eschatological issues of the relationship between time and eternity, as well as of the relationship between the individual and the community require new conceptions. By taking the phenomenology of the body into consideration, Teglbjærg Kristensen suggests both a new eschatological approach and a new conception of eschatology.
The cross is not enough : living as witnesses to the Resurrection
Translating Resurrection examines the debate between William Tyndale and George Joye at the beginning of the English Reformation. Occasioned by Joye's coining 'life after this' for Tyndale's 'resurrection' in Joye's 1534 edition of Tyndale's New Testament, this fascinating but little-known debate provides unique insights into the reformers' beliefs concerning post-mortem existence, such as the question of immortality of the soul, soul-sleep, prayers to saints and the doctrine of Purgatory. By providing a thoroughgoing historical and theological context, the book presents an original look at this important episode from the life of the exiled protestant English community. The result will realign scholarship on Tyndale as well as centuries of neglect of Joye's contributions to early modern bible translation.
The resurrection : an interdisciplinary symposium on the resurrection of Jesus
Jacob of Sarug's homily on the creation of Adam and the resurrection of the dead
Judaism in late antiquity. Part 4, Death, life-after-death, resurrection and the world-to-come in the Judaisms of antiquity
The resurrection of the dead
Debates over the resurrection of the dead : constructing early Christian identity
The guards of the tomb (Matt 27:62-66 and 28:11-15) : Matthew's apologetic legend revised
Metamorphoses : resurrection, body, and transformative practices in early Christianity
Die Verfasserschaft der traditionell dem Apologeten Athenagoras zugeschriebenen Schrift De Resurrectione und ihre Datierung sind bis heute umstritten. Nikolai Kiel weist in dieser Studie nach, dass der Auferstehungstraktat ein Pseudonym darstellt. Durch eine Verortung des Textes im ideengeschichtlichen Kontext der altkirchlichen Auferstehungsdebatten kann seine Entstehung auf die erste Hälfte des dritten Jahrhunderts datiert werden. Hierzu wird auch der Diskurshorizont des untersuchten Traktats mittels einer Rekonstruktion der in der Leugnung der Totenauferstehung bestehenden gegnerischen Position näher bestimmt. Ausgehend von einem interpretierenden Durchgang durch De Resurrectione leistet der Verfasser einen wesentlichen Beitrag zur patristischen Forschung des apologetischen Zeitalters. -- The authorship of De Resurrectione traditionally ascribed to the apologist Athenagoras, and its dating are controversial to this day. Nikolai Kiel proves in this study that the resurrection treatise is pseudonymous. By positioning the text within the intellectual-historical context of early resurrection debates, its origin can be dated to the first half of the 3rd century. The discourse horizon of the discussed tractate has been determined more precisely by means of a reconstruction of the constituent opposing position. Through his interpretative survey of De Resurrectione, the author has advanced the study of apologetic literature from the early patristic Era.
Osiris : death and afterlife of a God
King and saviour. 5, Muhammad, the apostle of God, and his ascension
Illuminating Luke : the passion and resurrection narratives in Italian Renaissance and Baroque paintings
"The first letter of John is commonly understood to contain no reference to Jesus's resurrection. Matthew D. Jensen argues that, far from this being absent from the theology of 1 John, the opening verses contain a key reference to the resurrection which undergirds the rest of the text and is bolstered by other explicit references to the resurrection. The book goes on to suggest that the author and the readers of this epistle understand themselves to be the authentic Israel from which faithless Jews had apostatized when they denied that Jesus was 'the Christ' and left the community. Jensen's interpretation calls for a new understanding of the historical context in which 1 John was written, particularly the question of Jesus' identity from the perspective of his fellow Jews. An innovative and provocative study, of interest to scholars and advanced students of New Testament studies, Johannine theology and Jewish history"--
Beyond resurrection
Christ's resurrection in early Christianity : and the making of the New Testament
n Debates over the Resurrection of the Dead, Outi Lehtipuu highlights the striking observation that in many early texts the way that belief in resurrection is formulated is used as a sign of inclusion and exclusion, not only in relation to non-Christians but vis-a-vis other Christians. Those who teach otherwise have deviated from the truth, are not true Christians, and do the works of the devil. Using insights from the sociological study of deviance, Dr Lehtipuu demonstrates that labelling was used as a tool for marking boundaries between those who belonged and those who did not. This was extremely important in the fluid conditions where the small Christian minority groups found themselves. In a situation where there were no universally accepted structures that defined what constituted the true Christian belief, several competing interpretations and their representatives struggled for recognition of their views based on what they believed to be the apostolic tradition. The most hotly-debated aspect of resurrection was whether it would entail the body of flesh and blood or not. When resurrection would take place was closely related to this. Controversies died since the scriptural legacy was ambiguous enough to allow different hermeneutical solutions. The battle over resurrection was closely related to the question of how scriptures were to be understood as well as to what constituted the human self that would survive death. To demonstrate this a wide variety of texts are studied, from theological treatises (including relevant Nag Hammadi texts) to apocryphal acts and martyrologies. Acknowledging the complexity and diversity of the early Christian movement, this volume views early Christian discourse as part of the broader ancient discursive world where similar debates were going on among both Jews and the majority population.
Miracles and extraordinary experience in northern Kenya
The resurrection in Ezekiel XXXVII and in the Dura-Europos paintings
Christ's resurrection in Ethiopian painting
Mélanges Johs. Pedersen. Fasc. 2, The body and eternal life
Anastasis : the making of an image
The end and beyond : medieval Irish eschatology. Volume 2
Ascension and ecclesia : on the significance of the doctrine of the ascension for ecclesiology and Christian cosmology
The spirit's relation to the risen Lord in Paul : an examination of its christological implications
Lessons on Islamic doctrine. Book 3, Resurrection judgement and the hereafter
Affirming the resurrection of the incarnate Christ : a reading of 1 John
The biblical world. Vol. 2
