http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6310 social classes
social classes
The god of small things
Saturn apartments. 3
Caste in modern India and other essays
Class and party in the Eisenhower years : class roles and perspectives in the 1952 and 1956 elections
The French lesson
Darcy's passions : pride and prejudice through his eyes : a novel
The sociological study of economic activity has witnessed a significant resurgence. Recent texts have chronicled economic sociology's nineteenth-century origins while pointing to the importance of context and power in economic life, yet the field lacks a clear understanding of the role that concepts at different levels of abstraction play in its organization. "Economic Sociology" fills this critical gap by surveying the current state of the field while advancing a framework for further theoretical development. Alejandro Portes examines economic sociology's principal assumptions, key explanatory concepts, and selected research sites. He argues that economic activity is embedded in social and cultural relations, but also that power and the unintended consequences of rational purposive action must be factored in when seeking to explain or predict economic behavior. Drawing upon a wealth of examples, Portes identifies three strategic sites of research - the informal economy, ethnic enclaves, and transnational communities - and he eschews grand narratives in favor of mid-range theories that help us understand specific kinds of social action. The book shows how the meta-assumptions of economic sociology can be transformed, under certain conditions, into testable propositions, and puts forward a theoretical agenda aimed at moving the field out of its present impasse.
Human nature, class, and ethnicity
Interethnic affiliations and everyday demarcations of youth in Finland : empirical glances through multisited interviews and observations
A kiss and a promise
School context and delinquency
Reality of social classes in Finland : comparative project on class structure and class consciousenss
Tess of the d'Urbervilles
Jack London's new-womanish heroines Frona Welse, Margaret West and Saxon Roberts
Who gets what? : the hardening of class inequality in the late twentieth century
Sociology at the crossroads and other essays
Divided we stand : class structure in Israel from 1948 to the 1980s
Politics, geography & social stratification
The decline and fall of the British aristocracy
Social groups in Polish society
Saturn apartments. 5
Summary.
Bit rot : short stories + essays
Research in social stratification and mobility
Class and stratification : an introduction to current debates
Paris, 1792. Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette have been arrested. Neighbours fear neighbours, masters whisper before servants...Henrietta Lightfoot, a young Englishwoman fleeing from a dishonourable past in London, finds herself alone in a foreign city in the middle of the French Revolution. The great love of her life, Lord Allenham appears to have disappeared forever. To her assistance comes Grace Dalrymple Elliot, the celebrated Scottish mistress whose looks are on the wane. But Mrs Elliott's assistance comes at a price, and Henrietta soon finds herself a pawn in a vicious rivalry of powerful women. Determined to unravel the mystery of her lover's disappearance, Henrietta must form a number of dangerous liaisons. But within the mirrored rooms of the Palais Royal, nothing is as it seems. As the ways of the aristocratic old order crumble, politics and passion lead Henrietta into a deadly game, where the life she is striving to save may not even be her own.
Thoughts on family, gender, generation and class : a festschrift to Ulla Björnberg
A meeting of masks : status, power and hierarchy in Bangkok
Class and class conflict in industrial society
Memories of class : the pre-history and after-life of class
Caste today
Superclass : how the rich ruined our world
Occupational prestige and its determinants : the case of Finland
London's underworld : being selections from 'Those that will not work' the fourth volume of 'London labour and the London poor'
"The conclusion of the Red Rising trilogy. Born a lowly Red in the mines of Mars, Darrow lost his beloved wife to the treacherous Gold overlords. Vowing to fight for the future that his wife believed in, Darrow joins a secret revolutionary group and is remade into a Gold so that he can infiltrate the ruling class and bring them down from the inside. Now, after years of hiding amongst the Golds, Darrow is finally ready to declare open revolution and throw off the chains of oppression. Nothing in Darrow's world has been easily won, and this final fight will be the most harrowing of all"
The people of the plain : class and community in lower Andalusia
Anthropology and social theory : culture, power, and the acting subject
Cloudbound
The summary of theoretical critique and pretest results in Finland
The elegance of hedgehog
The beatiful and the damned : life in the new India
Development features of the Finnish class and stratum structure in the twentieth century
Social classes, individualistic criticism and support for welfare services
Imperialism and social classes
Red Queen
Language and society in India : proceedings of a seminar
Cultures of solidarity : consciousness, action, and contemporary American workers
Americanah
Socialization and social class
Class struggle in Africa
The fever tree
The new working class
The psychology of social classes : a study of class consciousness
Class and nationality : English and American studies
Freedom and necessity : an introduction to the study of society
Evolution of the Brahman class : (in the perspective of Vedic priesthood)
Social class and stratification
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
First world nationalisms : class and ethnic politics in Northern Ireland and Quebec
Beyond black and white : from civil rights to Barack Obama
Class in selected novels of D.H. Lawrence
Saturn apartments. 4
Married by morning
Liverpudlian social class in modern drama : a study of Educating Rita (1980) and Paradise Bound (2006)
The saved vs. the damned : the evaluative lexis of social identities in Lollard discourse
The crisis of the old order in Russia : gentry and government
When Kirit Densira left her home tower for the skies, she gave up many things: her beloved family, her known way of life, her dreams of flying as a trader for her tower, her dreams. Kirit set her City upside down, and fomented a massive rebellion at the Spire, to the good of the towers--but months later, everything has fallen to pieces. With the Towers in disarray, without a governing body or any defense against the dangers lurking in the clouds, daily life is full of terror and strife. Nat, Kirit's wing-brother, sets out to be a hero in his own way--sitting on the new Council to cast votes protecting Tower-born, and exploring lower tiers to find more materials to repair the struggling City.
The affluent worker in the class structure
The hidden foundation : cinema and the question of class
Studying the Finnish new middle class : in a French dressing
City, class and power
The relevance of class theories : public access to public data
The high ground
Shades of Grey. 1 : The road to High Saffron
Tess of the d'Urbervilles : a pure woman faithfully presented
The scope logic analysis : a study of the Finnish class structure
Everyday people
Up-market or down-market : criteria for socio-economic classification in Singapore for market segmentation
The space between us
Economic sociology : a systematic inquiry
For darkness shows the stars
Saturn apartments. 2
Social movements and Bourdieu : class, embodiment and the politics of identity
The light ages
The limits of fantasy : a comparative study of the representations of gender, ethnicity and class in the console fantasy role-playing games Lost Odyssey and Final Fantasy XIII
Bright young things
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
Classes and the state
Images of social stratification : occupational structures and class
The maid of Fairbourne hall
Class in Jane Austen's novels
A class of our own : conversations about class in Ireland
The making of a class : cadres in French society
The line of beauty
Remarkable creatures
Brave new world
Aspects of social stratification in a changing community
Fall of giants
Life at the bottom : the worldview that makes the underclass
Inequality : classic readings in race, class, and gender
Representations of social class and urban poverty in Tom Wolfe's The bonfire of the vanities
Mind the gap : the new class divide in Britain
The rose and the yew tree
Bourgeois dignity : why economics can't explain the modern world
In the night of time
From class society to communism : an introduction to Marxism
Class and conformity : a study in values
Stratification among the aged
Are American rates of social mobility exceptionally high? : new evidence on an old issue
The beautiful and the damned : a portrait of the new India
Class : knowing your place in modern Britain
Class : a view from middle England
Class in a capitalist society : a study of contemporary Britain
Red rising
World without end
The spider king's daughter
On the economic identification of social classes
High-rise
Social class in urban India : essays on cognitions and structures
Saturn apartments. 1
The glimpse
Everything good will come
The social analysis of class structure
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Cathedral of the sea
What was promised
Nearing the end of a Third Age of Industry fueled by a magical substanced named aether, Robert Borrow, the son of a guildsman, becomes involved in a revolution to end a society based on inequality, greed, and corruption
Society and culture in early modern France : eight essays
The remains of the day
Class structure in the social consciousness
Abstract.
Broke : who killed the middle classes?
Class
Class : a guide through the American status system
What is class consciousness?
Social legislation in the contemporary Middle East
King's cage
Class structure and status hierarchies in contemporary Japan
Sense and sensibility
If you came this way : a journey through the lives of the underclass
Red queen
The concept of class : an historical introduction
In other rooms, other wonders
Class struggle
Night and day
Men and their work
Shadows of the workhouse
Social determinants of mortality from childhood to early adulthood
Bourgeois morality
English abstract
Beyond class images : expolarations in the structure of social consciousness
The Yacoubian building : [a novel]
Behind the beautiful forevers : life, death and hope in a Mumbai slum
Models of democracy
Inspiring elite action for a more just society? : media framing of elite social responsibility in an unequal, unconsolidated democracy : a case study from Namibia
Inequality : a reassessment of the effect of family and schooling in America
Women's social standing : the empirical problem of female social class
J. G. Ballard's compelling and unnerving tale of what happens when life in a luxury apartment building descends into chaos. 'Later, as he sat on his balcony eating the dog, Dr Robert Laing reflected on the unusual events that had taken place within this huge apartment building during the previous three months.' Within the walls of an elegant forty-storey high-rise, the affluent tenants are hell-bent on an orgy of destruction. Cocktail parties degenerate into marauding attacks on 'enemy' floors, and the once-luxurious amenities become an arena for mayhem. In this visionary novel, the veneer of civilised society is stripped away as the inhabitants of the high-rise, driven by primal urges, create a dystopian world ruled by intimidation and violence.
Emperor's daughter Mercedes is the first woman ever admitted to the High Ground, the elite training academy of the Solar League's Star Command, and she must graduate if she is to have any hope of taking the throne. Her classmate Tracy has more modest goals - to rise to the rank of captain, and win fame and honor. But a civil war is coming and the political machinations of those who yearn for power threatens the young cadets. In a time of intrigue and alien invasion, they will be tested as they never thought possible.
Language, history and class
Saturn apartments. 6
Aspects of caste in South India, Ceylon and North West Pakistan
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
Sex roles, social class and political consciousness
At the bottom of Indian society : the Harijan and other low castes
The theory of the leisure class
Rebuilding Coventry : a tale of two cities
The Jewel
Eavesdropping on Jane Austen's England : how our ancestors lived two centuries ago
Saturn apartments. 7
Measuring the size and characteristics of the underclass : how much do we know?
Inequality : What everyone needs to know
Chinese outcasts : discrimination and emancipation in late imperial China
Class awareness in the United States
