http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6319 Flemings
Flemings Flemish people
Bruges and the Renaissance : Memling to Pourbus
A dictionary of Dutch and Flemish still-life painters working in oils, 1525-1725
Willem Key (1516-1568) : portrait of a humanist painter : with an appendix to the oeuvre of Adriaen Thomasz. Key
Herri met de Bles : studies and explorations of the world landscape tradition
What was the written culture behind visual artists like Vermeer, Rembrandt, and Rubens? What made the historical novel in nineteenth-century Flanders so different from its counterpart in Holland? What was the literary impact of the huge colonial empires run by the Netherlands and Belgium? What role did Latin, French, and Frisian play in the literary culture of the Low Countries through the ages? Why is experimental writing so prevalent in modern Dutch literature? What has made Cees Nooteboom an internationally acclaimed author? And how does Flemish relate to Dutch anyway? This first literary history of the Netherlands and Flanders in English since the 1970s answers these and many other questions. Written by a team of Dutch and Flemish subject specialists, it offers a comprehensive and authoritative account of the literature of the Dutch-speaking area from the medieval period up to the present day. While it focuses on literature written in Dutch, it also assesses the significance of writings in French, Latin, and Frisian. Contributors: Ton Anbeek, Willem van den Berg, Jaap Goedegebuure, E. K. Grootes, Anne Marie Musschoot, Frits van Oostrom, Herman Pleij, M. A. Schenkeveld-van der Dussen, Marleen de Vries. Theo Hermans is Professor of Dutch and Comparative Literature at University College London.
The fascinating faces of Flanders through art and society : Lisbon, Cantro Cultural de Belém 20 June 1998 - 25 october 1998 : Antwerp, Hessenhuis 21 November 1998 - 21 February 1999
Theory and description in generative syntax : a case study in West Flemish
A modest message as intimated by the painters of the 'monochrome banketje"
Art as history, history as art : Jheronimus Bosch and Pieter Bruegel the Elder
The language problem in Belgium
A literary history of the Low Countries
Tones and tunes. Volume 2, Experimental studies in word and sentence prosody
Jacob Jordaens : design for tapestry
Flemish paintings 1600-1800
The ballad of Heer Halewijn : its forms and variations in Western Europe : a study of the history and nature of a ballad tradition
Early Flemish painting
Flemish manuscript painting in context : recent research
Flemish & Dutch painting
This is the first monograph to place Willem Key and his oeuvre in a historical framework. It demonstrates why the nobility, including the Duke of Alba and Cardinal Granvelle, considered him the best portrait painter of his day and why leading humanists viewed his many history paintings as eloquent visualizations of contemporary art theory. The reason why Willem Key's peers regarded him as such an exceptional painter lay in his creative ability to do battle on an uneven playing field with the artists who had been to Italy. In his reconciliation of the Netherlandish tradition with the rapidly advancing Italian manner, Key grasped the spirit of the Renaissance as formulated by Alberti. The quintessence of Key's art inspired numerous artists in his own time and later, including the grandmaster of the Baroque, Pieter Paul Rubens.
Deaf people around the world : educational and social perspectives
"How we address one another - whether we use first names, or titles and surnames, for example - says a great deal about who we are, our social relationships and which groups in society we belong to. This edited volume examines address choices in a range of everyday interactions - from radio interviews and service encounters to commercials and internet forums - taking place in Dutch, Finnish, Flemish, French, German, Italian and the two national varieties of Swedish, Finland Swedish and Sweden Swedish. By comparing local, national and cross-border address practices, this volume uncovers both commonalities and differences in the way social meaning is expressed and shaped through address. The chapters also highlight the importance of investigating the daily encounters that make up the social fabric of our lives. This book will be of great interest to researchers of intercultural and cross-cultural communication, interactional sociolinguistics, discourse analysis, conversation analysis and pragmatics"--
This book challenges many of the assumptions about Jheronimus Bosch and Pieter Bruegel the Elder. The academic contest to unravel these two has never abated. What exactly is the meaning of their work is one of art history's blood sports. The answer lies in the cultural relationship between the artwork and its audience. Both artists demonstrate social, economic and political resonances in paintings that are numbingly familiar yet still poorly understood. There is social, religious, and political motivation in their art, an art that is frequently described in art historical isolation. For Bosch the image was a morality play about the paucity of good in a world teeming with evil monsters. For Bruegel it was frequently a reference to political events. Far from producing puzzle pictures they were assembling knowledge as part of a visual culture that was central to the life of society. It relates to the knowledge of the world at a particular time and two artists' experiences of it. It stretches from the sexuality and spirituality of Bosch to secular satisfaction in Bruegel at a time of social upheaval and a great turning point of world history, the beginning of the modern world and the end of the Middle Ages.
Antwerp art after iconoclasm : experiments in decorum, 1566-1585
Tones and tunes. Volume 1, Typological studies in word and sentence prosody
Multilingual dictionary of fishing vessels and safety on board
Address practice as social action : European perspectives
Robert Campin : new directions in scholarship
Face to face : Flanders, Florence, and Renaissance painting
Culture, identity and nationalism : French Flanders in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
Book of art 2. 02.
Morphosyntactic categories and the expression of possession
Visies op erfgoed in Vlaanderen en Europa = Visions of heritage in Flanders and Europe = Optiques de gestions du patrimoine en Flandre et en Europe
Flanders : a cultural history
Collectie Vlaamse gemeenschap / Collection de la communauté Flamande / Collection of Flemish community : Aanwinsten / Acquisitions / Acquisitions 2002-2006
In detail : new studies of northern renaissance art in honour of Walter S. Gibson
Flemish art and architecture, 1585-1700
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing and sculpture. 3, Flemish and Dutch art
The ballad of Heer Halewijn : its forms and variations in western Europe : a study of the history and nature of a ballad tradition
Early Netherlandish paintings : rediscovery, reception and research
