http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6315 class society
class society
"This book shows how the imperial Russian system of social estates (sosloviia), which derived from the government's need to categorize and rank its subjects, held power over individual identities and life choices in Russia throughout the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. Though in part modeled on the orders of old regime Europe, also called estates, the Russian system had its own peculiarities, two of which include the imprecision in the (oft changing) laws of its rules and procedures, allowing for endless interpretations and realignments, and its stamina, not being swept away until the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917. For the imperial state, estates were a means of making the population productive; for individuals, they were a source not only of individual identity, but of community, in ways at times demanding and at times supportive"--Provided by publisher.
Summary: "The necessity for the Lending Library" : the introduction of the modern "desire to read" into Finland and the institutions of reading.
Social mobility in the Finnish four estates society in the 18th and 19th century : a genealogical approach
The French lesson
The making of a lady
Visions of England : class and culture in contemporary cinema
Parliaments and estates in Europe to 1789
Pride and prejudice = Gordost i predubeždenije : [audiokniga]
Castes of mind : colonialism and the making of the modern India
Paris, 1792. Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette have been arrested. Neighbours fear neighbours, masters whisper before servants...Henrietta Lightfoot, a young Englishwoman fleeing from a dishonourable past in London, finds herself alone in a foreign city in the middle of the French Revolution. The great love of her life, Lord Allenham appears to have disappeared forever. To her assistance comes Grace Dalrymple Elliot, the celebrated Scottish mistress whose looks are on the wane. But Mrs Elliott's assistance comes at a price, and Henrietta soon finds herself a pawn in a vicious rivalry of powerful women. Determined to unravel the mystery of her lover's disappearance, Henrietta must form a number of dangerous liaisons. But within the mirrored rooms of the Palais Royal, nothing is as it seems. As the ways of the aristocratic old order crumble, politics and passion lead Henrietta into a deadly game, where the life she is striving to save may not even be her own.
A history of Florence, 1200-1575
Wolf Hall
The structure of ancient Indian society : theory and reality of the Varṇa system
Caste and class in a southern town
The millennium between the breakup of the western Roman Empire and the Reformation was a long and hugely transformative period--one not easily chronicled within the scope of a few hundred pages. Yet distinguished historian Chris Wickham has taken up the challenge in this landmark book, and he succeeds in producing the most riveting account of medieval Europe in a generation. Tracking the entire sweep of the Middle Ages across Europe, Wickham focuses on important changes century by century, including such pivotal crises and moments as the fall of the western Roman Empire, Charlemagne's reforms, the feudal revolution, the challenge of heresy, the destruction of the Byzantine Empire, the rebuilding of late medieval states, and the appalling devastation of the Black Death. He provides illuminating vignettes that underscore how shifting social, economic, and political circumstances affected individual lives and international events. Wickham offers both a new conception of Europe's medieval period and a provocative revision of exactly how and why the Middle Ages matter.
Soldier and peasant in French popular culture, 1766-1870
For the common good and their own well-being : social estates in Imperial Russia
Class
Nobles and nobility in medieval Europe : concepts, origins, transformations
The burgesses od Finland as an estate : an example of the social organization of medieval society
Rahwaan puku : näkökulmia Suomen kansallismuseon kansanpukukokoelmiin = Folk costume : a survey of the Finnish National Museum folk costume collection
An ordinary marriage : the world of a gentry family in provincial Russia
Abstract: Manor house architecture as part pf the Tandefelt family's lifestyle.
Praying for power : Buddhism and the formation of gentry society in late-Ming China
My very first castles book
State, culture & the bourgeoisie : aspects of the peculiarity of the Finnish
Hopes and fears for the future in early modern Sweden, 1500-1850
Bring Up The Bodies
English summary / The English Center.
English summary.
Pride and prejudice
Rural Russia under the new regime
Wolf Hall ; and, Bring up the bodies
"I am ever, My Lord, your grateful & oblig'd Sert" : address forms and subscriptionsin the correspondence of Charlotte Smith
The European nobility in the eighteenth century
Proverbs and the estate society in the 19th century Finland
Health behavioural and social risks in obstetrics : effect on pregnancy outcome
Jane Austen's Pride & prejudice : the graphic novel
Lord and peasant in Peru : a paradigm of political and social change
All my sisters
Pride and Prejudice
Jerzy Lukowski shows the pressures and tensions, both from below and from governments, which increasingly challenged traditional ruling groups in Europe during the century before the French Revolution. The position of the nobility depended on a stable world which accepted their authority but that world was becoming fractured as a result of social and economic developments and new ideas. Lukowski explains the basic mechanisms of noble existence and examines how the European nobility sought to preserve a sense of solidarity in the midst of widespread change.
In recent years, the concept of class has come under increasing scrutiny, as a means of explaining both the present and the past. The post-industrial class has superceded the manual working class, and new forms of industrial management have broken up more traditional hierarchies and outlooks. Furthermore, feminism has now brought into question the whole concept of a class identity. Can class viably explain the present? Did it ever provide an adequate explanation of the past? How did concepts of class develop? What is the language of class? A variety of writings are drawn upon here to suggest answers to these questions, to provide a balanced survey of thought on class, from Marx and Weber to the present day, and to look beyond this towards the very future of class.
