http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6316 estates (social classes)
estates (social classes)
Nicotine dependence and smoking behaviour : a genetic and epidemiological study
Rural Russia under the new regime
The river knows
Life on the English manor : a study of peasant conditions 1150-1400
The military orders. volume 5, Politics and power
Soldier and peasant in French popular culture, 1766-1870
Kuolemansyyt 2004 = Dödsorsaker 2004 = Causes of death 2004.
Res publica redefined? : the Polish-Lithuanian transition period of the 1560s and 1570s in the context of European state formation processes
Visions of England : class and culture in contemporary cinema
Kuolemansyyt 2005 = Dödsorsaker 2005 = Causes of death 2005.
Wolf Hall ; and, Bring up the bodies
Kuolemansyyt 2006 = Dödsorsaker 2006 = Causes of death 2006
Kuolemansyyt 2008 = Dödsorsaker = Causes of death
The crown, the nobility and the peasants 1630-1713 : tax, rent and relations of power
All my sisters
Evolution of the Brahman class : (in the perspective of Vedic priesthood)
The burgesses od Finland as an estate : an example of the social organization of medieval society
Class
Jane Austen's Pride & prejudice : the graphic novel
Nobles and nobility in medieval Europe : concepts, origins, transformations
Risk factors for drunk driving : results from a long-term study in Uusimaa in Finland 1990-2008
The foundations of gentry life : the Multons of Frampton and their world, 1270-1370
Kuolemansyyt = Dödsorsaker = Causes of death. 2003
The European nobilities in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. Vol. 1, Western Europe
Suomen eduskunnan historia = Finlands riksdags historia = History of the Finnish Parliament
The European nobility in the eighteenth century
Castes of mind : colonialism and the making of the modern India
For the common good and their own well-being : social estates in Imperial Russia
The making of a lady
Praying for power : Buddhism and the formation of gentry society in late-Ming China
Changes in marital status
Tradition and memory in shaping the political culture : sixteenth- and seventeenth-century urban societies in the Swedish realm
The millennium between the breakup of the western Roman Empire and the Reformation was a long and hugely transformative period--one not easily chronicled within the scope of a few hundred pages. Yet distinguished historian Chris Wickham has taken up the challenge in this landmark book, and he succeeds in producing the most riveting account of medieval Europe in a generation. Tracking the entire sweep of the Middle Ages across Europe, Wickham focuses on important changes century by century, including such pivotal crises and moments as the fall of the western Roman Empire, Charlemagne's reforms, the feudal revolution, the challenge of heresy, the destruction of the Byzantine Empire, the rebuilding of late medieval states, and the appalling devastation of the Black Death. He provides illuminating vignettes that underscore how shifting social, economic, and political circumstances affected individual lives and international events. Wickham offers both a new conception of Europe's medieval period and a provocative revision of exactly how and why the Middle Ages matter.
Prince of Europe : the life of Charles-Joseph de Ligne : 1735-1814
Scheduled caste panchayat pradhans in India : a study of Western Uttar pradesh
Medieval single women : the politics of social classification in late medieval England
Säätytalo = The House of Estates Helsinki
Paris, 1792. Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette have been arrested. Neighbours fear neighbours, masters whisper before servants...Henrietta Lightfoot, a young Englishwoman fleeing from a dishonourable past in London, finds herself alone in a foreign city in the middle of the French Revolution. The great love of her life, Lord Allenham appears to have disappeared forever. To her assistance comes Grace Dalrymple Elliot, the celebrated Scottish mistress whose looks are on the wane. But Mrs Elliott's assistance comes at a price, and Henrietta soon finds herself a pawn in a vicious rivalry of powerful women. Determined to unravel the mystery of her lover's disappearance, Henrietta must form a number of dangerous liaisons. But within the mirrored rooms of the Palais Royal, nothing is as it seems. As the ways of the aristocratic old order crumble, politics and passion lead Henrietta into a deadly game, where the life she is striving to save may not even be her own.
State, culture & the bourgeoisie : aspects of the peculiarity of the Finnish
Women of the English nobility and gentry, 1066-1500
The structure of ancient Indian society : theory and reality of the Varṇa system
Wolf Hall
A history of Florence, 1200-1575
Political parties in the elections of deputies to the Estate of burgesses and the Estate of farmers in the Finnish Diet of Estate
Jerzy Lukowski shows the pressures and tensions, both from below and from governments, which increasingly challenged traditional ruling groups in Europe during the century before the French Revolution. The position of the nobility depended on a stable world which accepted their authority but that world was becoming fractured as a result of social and economic developments and new ideas. Lukowski explains the basic mechanisms of noble existence and examines how the European nobility sought to preserve a sense of solidarity in the midst of widespread change.
The French lesson
An ordinary marriage : the world of a gentry family in provincial Russia
Death of a guru
Living arrangements and health
The Parliament of Finland : the voice of the people past, present and future
The users of hypnotics and anxiolytics in Denmark and Finland
"This book shows how the imperial Russian system of social estates (sosloviia), which derived from the government's need to categorize and rank its subjects, held power over individual identities and life choices in Russia throughout the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. Though in part modeled on the orders of old regime Europe, also called estates, the Russian system had its own peculiarities, two of which include the imprecision in the (oft changing) laws of its rules and procedures, allowing for endless interpretations and realignments, and its stamina, not being swept away until the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917. For the imperial state, estates were a means of making the population productive; for individuals, they were a source not only of individual identity, but of community, in ways at times demanding and at times supportive"--Provided by publisher.
Pride and Prejudice
The European nobilities in the sewenteenth and eighteenth centuries. Vol. 2, Northern, central and eastern Europe
Kuolemansyyt = Dödsorsaker = Causes of death. 2007
Debating "the ABCs of parliamentary life" : the learning of parliamentary rules and practices in the late nineteenth-century Finnish Diet and the early Eduskunta
"I am ever, My Lord, your grateful & oblig'd Sert" : address forms and subscriptionsin the correspondence of Charlotte Smith
The River Knows
Living arrangements and their association to physical function at the ages of 90 and over
"The gentry played a central role in medieval England, yet this is the first sustained attempt to explore the origins of the gentry and to account for its contours and peculiarities as a social formation. The book offers definition and conceptual vigour, and argues that the gentry, a kind of lesser nobility, was formed between the mid-thirteenth and the mid-fourteenth century." "The book deals with the deep roots of the gentry, but argues against views which see the gentry as formed or created earlier. It investigates the relationship between lesser landowners and the Angevin state, the transformation of knighthood, and the role of knights in the rebellion of mid-thirteenth-century England."--BOOK JACKET.
In recent years, the concept of class has come under increasing scrutiny, as a means of explaining both the present and the past. The post-industrial class has superceded the manual working class, and new forms of industrial management have broken up more traditional hierarchies and outlooks. Furthermore, feminism has now brought into question the whole concept of a class identity. Can class viably explain the present? Did it ever provide an adequate explanation of the past? How did concepts of class develop? What is the language of class? A variety of writings are drawn upon here to suggest answers to these questions, to provide a balanced survey of thought on class, from Marx and Weber to the present day, and to look beyond this towards the very future of class.
Pride and prejudice
My very first castles book
The origins of the English gentry
Pride and prejudice = Gordost i predubeždenije : [audiokniga]
