http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6314 structure of society
structure of society
Economy, ethnicity and international migration : the comparison of Finland, Hungary and Russia
Changing class attitudes
Hierarchy and its discontents : culture and the politics of consciousness in caste society
Social history of France in the nineteenth century
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of mass unemployment
Socio-economics : toward a new synthesis : product of the first International conference on socio-economics conducted at the Harward Business School, March 31-April 2, 1989
Power and privilege : a theory of social stratification
In interwar France, there was a growing sense that organizationA" was the solution to the nation's perceived social, economic and political ills. This book examines the roots of this idea in the industrial rationalization movement and its manifestations in areas as diverse as domestic organization and economic planning.
Like it or not, all of us who live in modern society are organization men and women. We tend to be caught in the traditional patterns of dominance and subordination. This book is both pessimistic and hopeful. With devastating thoroughness, the author shows how pervasive these patterns of relationship are in our work lives and personal lives, and how deep they run - into the very language of the organization and of ordinary life. This is not a book about how women can succeed in business, but a criticism of books like those success manuals and notions like that idea of success. The author sees bureaucrats and clients as the "second sex." To fit in properly, they just learn the skills necessary to cope with subordinate status, skills that women have always learned as part of their "femininity." Liberal reforms - placing more women in management positions, for example - are not enough. What is required is the emergence of an alternative voice, one grounded in the experience and perceptions of women, that will challenge the patterns of control found in every aspect of modern life. Public discourse today is not the language of women even when women speak it. In this brilliant synthesis of the feminist literature and the literature on organizational theory and practice, the author suggests how a feminist discourse could interject into public debate a reformulation of the basic political questions of power, reason, and organization and thereby legitimate a concern of both autonomy and community. In the face of the massive incursions of bureaucracy into daily life, this is an important contribution to the project of human liberation.
Theories of society : foundations of modern sociological theory
Social structure : changes and linkages : the advanced phase of the Post-Communist transition in Poland
Britain and the commonwealth. 1, Great Britain
" The American economy is stalled because business and political leaders are ignoring the one force that could truly re-energize their companies and the economy: the poor. The massive economic energy and potential of the poor and the struggling middle class has been left on the sidelines. John Hope Bryant's stirring book shows how this came to be and lays out some simple ideas for making the economy work again--for everyone. The poor are not stupid or lazy, but they know when the system is stacked against them. Business loans, home loans, and financial investments have vanished from their communities. The path up to the middle class has disappeared, while the path down from the middle class is in danger of becoming a superhighway. The future of our nation fully depends on overturning powerful myths about how the economy works. Fully 70 percent of the American economy is driven by consumer spending, but more and more consumers have less and less to spend and feel like the deck is stacked against them. When business leaders begin to value the poor and understand that helping them succeed will help the economy thrive, we'll be well on our way to restoring the American Dream of equal economic opportunity"--
Colonial rule and crisis in Equatorial Africa : Southern Gabon, ca. 1850-1940
"Danwei shehui" de zhongjie : Dongbei lao gongye jidi "dianxing danweizhi" beijing xia de shequ jianshe = The terminnation of the unit society : the community construction under "typical state-unit system" of northeastern old industrial bases
The established and the outsiders
The comparative archaeology of complex societies
Soviet communism : a new civilisation?
The summary of theoretical critique and pretest results in Finland
Land and privilege in Byzantium : the institution of pronoia
Study chiefly on the Munda (Indic people) of Bihar, Orissa, and Madhya Pradesh.
Communities in European history : representations, jurisdictions, conflicts
Structuration of work situation in Finland and Soviet Estonia
What can the Federal Government do to decrease crime and revitalize communities? : January 5-7, 1998 : panel papers
Thailand : the business traveller's handbook
Sociological writings
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
"Eleven leading archeologists describe their research on ancient empires, states, and chiefdoms using a comparative perspective. By making comparisons among sites, regions, and artifacts, these scholars produce new understanding of diverse specific cases, from the towering ruins of Angkor to the houses of Inca peasants. The reader learns about the political strategies of kings and chiefs, the daily choices of ordinary households, and the creative ways in which ancient peoples built their cities and shaped their landscapes. In the process, these chapters illustrate how to do comparative analysis using archeological data"--
The Munda of central India : an account of their social organization
Class, status, and power : social stratification in comparative perspective
Regional development in rural Malaysia and the tribal question
Virtual light
Class structure and economic growth : India and Pakistan since the Moghuls
Delhi between two empires, 1803-1931 : society, government and urban growth
The debate on classes
Handbook of cross-cultral human development
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
Social problems : society in crisis
Life is a little better : redistribution as a development strategy in Nadur Village, Kerala
Reconstructing social justice
The social structure of the USSR : recent Soviet studies
Rules without rulers : the possibilities and limits of anarchism
Understanding Soviet society
Class and skill : changing divisions of knowledge and labour
Locality and inequality : farm and industry structure and socioeconomic conditions
Populations and societies
Economy and society in northern Babylonia in the early old Babylonian period (ca. 2000-1800 BC)
Latin America : social structure and political institutions
Comrade criminal : the theft of the second Russian revolution
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
Power and landscape in Atlantic West Africa : archaeological perspectives
A treatise of orders and plain dignities
The politics of Africa's economic stagnation
How the poor can save capitalism : rebuilding the path to the middle class
Measuring culture : a paradigm for the analysis of social organization
How to achieve business success in Korea : where confucius wears a three-piece suit
The history of medieval life : [a guide to life from 1000 to 1500 AD]
The Anthropology of Taiwanese society
Studies in class structure
The making of a terrorist : recruitment, training, and root causes. Vol. 3, Root causes
Inequality in New Guinea highlands societies
Hanguk minsok taekwan = Survey of Korean folk culture. 1, Sahoe kujo, kwanhonsangje
Science, style and the study of community structure : an example from the Central Mississippi River Valley
Contemporary British society
France in the age of organization : factory, home and nation from the 1920s to Vichy
Diversity and community : an interdisciplinary reader
Re-constructing the post-Soviet industrial region K : the Donbas in transition
Lordship and literature : John Gower and the politics of the great household
Beyond caste : identity and power in South Asia, past and present
The imperial middle : why American's can't think straight about class
English abstract.
Power and the structure of society
Understanding Chinese society
Europa und die Civil Society : Castelgandolfo-Gespräche 1989
Literacy and the social order : reading and writing in Tudor and Stuart England
Individuals and society in Mycenaean Pylos
Caste and class in India
Development of class structure in eastern Europe : Poland & her southern neighbors
The contemporary British society reader
Anti-Utopia : essential writings of André Beteillé
Law, politics and society in the ancient Mediterranean world
What does the ruling class do when it rules : state apparatuses and state power under feudalism, capitalism and socialism
Structural adjustment : the SAPRI report : the policy roots of economic crisis, poverty, and inequality
This volume applies insights drawn from the theories and methods of landscape archaeology to contribute to our understanding of the nature if West African societies in the Atlantic Era (17th-19th Centuries AD). The authors adopt a briad set of methods and approaches to tackle how the nature and structures of African political and social relations changed across regions in this period. This is only the second volume in a decade to focus on the archeology of this period in West Africa, and the first volume in sub-Saharan Africanist archeology to be focused in the recent past in oue sub-region of the continent from a coherent methodological and theoretical standpoint.
A Spanish tapestry : town and country in Castile
Confucian cultures of authority : edited by Peter D. Hershock and Roger T. Ames
Social movements and Bourdieu : class, embodiment and the politics of identity
Facing up to the challenges of European society : a programme for 1997-2000
Institutions and economic performance
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
Between 1983 and 1992, the authors conducted an archaeological project that involved five years of survey and excavation in a 450 km² study region that included portions of the high llanos (savanna grasslands) and adjacent Andean piedmont in the state of Barinas, Venezuela. Fieldwork (in 1983-1988) was followed by four years of laboratory analysis in the Departamento de Antropología at the Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Científicas (IVIC) in Altos de Pipe, state of Miranda. Our project was designed to investigate whether during pre-Hispanic times the study region had witnessed the development of a chiefdom, which we defined as a regional (multivillage) polity led by a paramount chief who ruled from a regional center and presided over a chiefly administration that was centralized but not internally specialized.... Our fieldwork comprised three seasons of regional survey, during the summer months of 1983-1985, followed by two dry seasons (January-May) of excavation in 1986 and 1988. On survey we recorded a total of 103 archaeological sites in our study region that was centered on the Canaguá River valley, extending across the high llanos (savanna grasslands) and adjacent Andean piedmont. Site occupations pertained to two chronological periods: an early period dating to A.D. 300-1000 and a later period dating to A.D. 1000-1850, taking our coverage into the early historic period. We called the earlier of these occupations on the high llanos the Gaván complex, divided into the Early Gaván phase (A.D. 300-550) and the Late Gaván phase (A.D. 550-1000), the latter of which exhibited many of the characteristics consistent with the expected archaeological manifestations of a chiefly society. There was convincing evidence of a regional hierarchy....
Rural sociology in India
Salt production and social hierarchy in ancient China : an archaeological investigation of specialization in China's Three Gorges
The decency of inequality : gender, power and social change on the Argentine Prairie
Attacking poverty : an analysis of poverty reduction programmes in Nigeria
What is a dialogue among civilizations?
Completion of structural reform : presidential address to the Central Committee of the Socialist Destour Party, Carthage Palace, 22nd March 1969
Complex organizations and urban communities
Russia's economic transitions : from late tsarism to the new millennium
India rising : emergence of a new world power
The decline and fall of the British aristocracy
Savage economics : wealth, poverty, and the temporal walls of capitalism
Restructuring and the new working classes in Chile : trends in waged employment, informality and poverty, 1973-1990
The NSR: impacts on the Nenets Autonomous Okrug regional development and social/economic conditions of the Nenets population
The Fruits of work and struggle
Sociology and the present age : (papers by Soviet scientists)
India and the knowledge economy : leveraging strengths and opportunities
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
The dynamics of modern society
Changing structures of inequality : a comparative perspective
Social stratification and mobility in the USSR
"This book examines the organization of specialized salt production at Zhongba, one of the most important prehistoric sites in the Three Gorges of China's Yangzi River valley. Rowan K. Flad demonstrates that salt production emerged in the second millennium BCE and developed into a large-scale, intense activity. As the intensity of this activity increased during the early Bronze Age, production became more coordinated, perhaps by an emergent elite who appear to have supported their position of authority by means of divination and the control of ritual knowledge. This study explores evidence of these changes in ceramics, the layout of space at the site, and animal remains. It synthesizes the data retrieved from years of excavation, showing not only the evolution of production methods, but also the emergence of social hierarchy in the Three Gorges region over two millennia"--Provided by publisher.
China deconstructs : politics, trade and regionalism
"This book has a simple message for business leaders: you help yourselves by helping the poor. Instead of feeling as if the economy is working against them, the poor need to feel they have a stake in it so they will buy your products and put money in the bank. Supporting poor people's efforts to move into the middle class is the only way to enrich everyone, rich and poor alike"--
The Korean road to modernization and development
The idea of natural inequality and other essays
The essential civil society reader : classic essays in the American civil society debate
The crisis of industrial civilization : the early essays of Auguste Comte
Contemporary British society : a new introduction to sociology
Who rules Japan? : the inner circles of economic and political power
The socio-economic position of the workers in associated labour
The Gorbachev phenomenon : a historical interpretation
A pronoia was a type of conditional grant from the emperor, often to soldiers, of various properties and privileges. In large measure the institution of pronoia characterized social and economic relations in later Byzantium, and its study is the study of later Byzantium. Filling the need for a comprehensive study of the institution, this book examines the origin, evolution and characteristics of pronoia, focusing particularly on the later thirteenth and fourteenth centuries. But the book is much more than a study of a single institution. With a broad chronological scope extending from the mid-tenth to the mid-fifteenth century, it incorporates the latest understanding of Byzantine agrarian relations, taxation, administration and the economy, as it deals with relations between the emperor, monastic and lay landholders, including soldiers and peasants. Particular attention is paid to the relation between the pronoia and Western European, Slavic and Middle Eastern institutions, especially the Ottoman timar.
The Soviet sociologists debate on social structure in the U.S.S.R
The social structure of society through the eyes of university students : paper presented at the Annual Meeting of the Nordic Association for Educational Research, October 23-26, 1980, Göteborg, Sweden
Divided Europe : society and territory
Indian society and social institutions
Japanese social organization
Divide and rule : the roots of race relations in Malaysia
Portrait of Britain : a Student's guide to British Institutions
Sex roles and social structure
Ethnic relations in Malaysia : harmony and conflict
A pre-Hispanic chiefdom in Barinas, Venezuela : excavations at Gaván-complex sites
The establishment
Socio-cultural process and psychological adaptation of the Santal
Siena : constructing the Renaissance city
Class politics in the information age
The last phase in the transformation of capitalism
Bureaucracy in modern society
Society and social policy : theories and practice of welfare
Sociological tools measuring occupations : new classification and scales
The social foundations of prehistoric Britain : themes and variations in the archaeology of power
Comparing post-Soviet legislatures : a theory of institutional design and political conflict
Development features of the Finnish class and stratum structure in the twentieth century
Political and social structures. 1, American countries 1850-1973
Understanding Japanese society
The structure of society
Sociological snapshots 3 : seeing social structure and change in everyday life
Caste in contemporary India : beyond organic solidarity
Iceland : the republic
In Silicon Valley the phrase "disruptive technology" is tossed around on a casual basis. No one doubts that technology has the power to devastate entire industries and upend various sectors of the job market. But Rise of the Robots asks a bigger question: Can accelerating technology disrupt our entire economic system to the point where a fundamental restructuring is required? Companies like Facebook and YouTube may only need a handful of employees to achieve enormous valuations, but what will be the fate of those of us not lucky or smart enough to have gotten into the great shift from human labor to computation? -
British civilization : an introduction
Moche burial patterns : an investigation into prehispanic social culture
Cooking, cuisine and class : a study in comparative sociology
The classic slum : Salford life in the first quarter of the century
Fragmenting societies? : a comparative analysis of regional and urban development
Chaucerian conflict : languages of antagonism in late fourteenth-century London
Economy and society : An outline of interpretive sociology. 1-3
Organizing for community controlled development : renewing civil society
Ants at work : how an insect society is organized
Social patterns of being political : the initial phase of the post-communist transition in Poland
Hindu society at cross roads
Zhongguo zhongchan jieceng diaocha = Survey of the Chinese middle classes
Obedient autonomy : Chinese intellectuals and the achievement of orderly life
Structural adjustment and agriculture : African and Asian experiences
The business environment in Hong Kong : with a post-handover postscript on the Hong Kong SAR
Social conditioning of economics
Class counts : comparative studies in class analysis
Myths of modernity : peonage and patriarchy in Nicaragua
Order on the edge of chaos : social psychology and the problem of social order
Social structures : a network approach
The division of labor in society
A social history of France, 1789-1914
The class structure of the advanced societies
Beyond elites - alternatives to hierarchical Systems in modelling social formations
Czech society in the 2000s : a report on socio-economic policies and structures
Indicators of social change : concepts and measurements
The Hindu jajmani system : a socio-economic system interrelating members of a Hindu village community in services
The comparative project on class structure and class consciousness in Tampere on 1-3 April 1985 : paperspresented at the congress
Social structure and change : Finland and Poland : comparative perspective
The fear : the last days of Robert Mugabe
Calcutta : two years in the city
Sociology : a global introduction
Value creation and structural change during the third industrial revolution : the Swedish economy from a vertical perspective
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
State and law in Eastern Asia
Critical theory and public life
Man, state and society in East European history
Social theory and social structure
The feminist case against bureaucracy
The structure of socialist society
Housing and social theory
Documents from the Khanate of Khiva (17th-19th centuries)
Ethnic and social stratification in peninsular Malaysia
International comparative research : social structures and public institutions in Eastern and Western Europe
Introduces key concepts in sociology through engaging narrative examples. After an overview of the history of sociology, the book walks readers through subjects that include individualism; culture; socialization and imagination; values, money, and politics; marriage and family; religious diversity; and education and social change.
Exploring the sociology of Europe : an analysis of the European social complex
Community & society
Rural proletariat in Finland
Abundance for what? : and other essays
Society explained : an introduction to sociology
Deep history : a study in social evolution and human potential
The sacrificed body : Balkan community building and the fear of freedom
Status in classical Athens
The death of class
