http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6318 caste system
caste system
Coalition in politics : the new challenge
Interrogating caste : understanding hierarchy and difference in Indian society
Hindu India : another approach to its multiflorous religious culture ; collected essays
Caste and alternative culture
Abstract.
The Chamārs
Low caste but middle-class : some religious strategies for middle-class identification in Hyderabad
Casteism, corruption and social development in India
Magic seeds : a novel
True education
The Mysore tribes and castes. Volume 1
Sita's daughters : coming out of Purdah : the Rajput women of Khalapur revisited
Anthropology of untouchability : "impurity" and "pollution" in a South Indian society
Ancient to modern : religion, power, and community in India
The Mysore tribes and castes. Volume 5
"India is changing at a rapid pace as it continues to move from its colonial past to its globalised future. This Companion offers a framework for understanding that change, and how modern cultural forms have emerged out of very different histories and traditions. The book provides accounts of literature, theatre, film, modern and popular art, music, television and food; it also explores in detail social divisions, customs, communications and daily life. In a series of engaging, erudite and occasionally moving essays the contributors, drawn from a variety of disciplines, examine not merely what constitutes modern Indian culture, but just how wide-ranging are the cultures that persist in the regions of India. This volume will help the reader understand the continuities and fissures within Indian culture and some of the conflicts arising from them. Throughout, what comes to the fore is the extraordinary richness and diversity of modern Indian culture"--
The new Cambridge history of India. 4, 3, Caste, society and politics in India from the eighteenth century to the modern age
This book examines the contemporary nature of caste disparities in India from an economist's perspective. Questioning traditional wisdom on the degree of change in the caste system over the last two decades, it brings together evidence on different dimensions of caste disparities based on two large national-level data sets
Moving out of poverty. V. 3, The promise of empowerment and democracy in India
This book is a ground-breaking intervention on Dalit politics in India. Challenging received ideas, it uses a comparative framework to understand Dalit mobilisations for political power, social equality and justice. The monograph traces the emergence of Dalit consciousness and its different strands in north and south India - from colonial to contemporary times - and interrogates key notions and events. These include: the debate regarding core themes such as the Hindu-Muslim cleavage in the north and caste in the south; the extent to which Dalits and other backward castes (OBC) base their anti-Brahminism on similar ideologies; and why Dalits in Uttar Pradesh (north India) succeeded in gaining power while they did not do so in the region of erstwhile Andhra Pradesh (south India), where Dalit consciousness is more evolved. Drawing on archival material, fieldwork and case studies, this volume puts forward an insightful and incisive analysis. It will be of great interest to researchers and scholars of Dalit studies and social exclusion, Indian politics and sociology.
The Asians in East Africa : Jayhind and Uhuru
"A Companion to the Anthropology of India offers a broad overview of the rapidly evolving scholarship on Indian society from the earliest area studies to views of India's globalization in the twenty-first century. Provides readers with an important new introduction to the anthropology of India Explores the larger global issues that have transformed India since the end of colonization, including demographic, economic, social, cultural, political, and religious issues Contributions by leading experts present up-to-date, comprehensive coverage of key topics such as population and life expectancy, civil society, social-moral relationships, caste and communalism, youth and consumerism, the new urban middle class, environment and health, tourism, public and religious cultures, politics and law Represents an authoritative guide for professional social and cultural anthropologists, and South Asian specialists, and an accessible reference work for students engaged in the analysis of India's modern transformation"--
Goddesses and women in the Indic religious tradition
Unearthing gender : folksongs of North India
Structure and cognition : aspects of Hindu caste and ritual
Contributed essays chiefly on the post 1947 scene.
Ambedkar and the imperative of integration
Frontiers of Dalit theology
The modern anthropology of India : ethnography, themes and theory
NGOs, caste and paticipation : caste and its influence on the functioning of NGOs, with special reference to Bihar
International comparison of anti-discrimination laws
Studies in traditional Kerala society
Recasting caste : from the sacred to the profane
The High-Caste Hindu Woman
"Exploring the connections between Hindu mythology and caste in India through Sanskrit and vernacular texts, performances, and visual media, Crossing the Lines of Caste offers a cultural-historical analysis of the legends of Visvamitra. It reveals how and why mythological culture has played an active, dialogical role in the construction of Brahmin social power for more than three thousand years"--
Maithil women's tales: storytelling on the Nepal-India border
Ritualisation and segregation : the untouchability complex in Indian Dharma literature wih special reference to Parāśarasmṛti and Parāśaramādhavīya
Religious festivals and caste system in India during 19th century
Village life in South India : cultural design and environmental variation
Being Brahmin, being modern : exploring the lives of caste today
Constructing the colonial encounter : caste disputes in early colonial Madras
Decision making in village Nepal
Evolution of the Brahman class : (in the perspective of Vedic priesthood)
The untouchables : subordination, poverty, and the state in modern India
Essays on the caste system
Caste : the emergence of the South Asian social system
Caste in modern Ceylon
The tribes and castes of the Central Provinces of India
The peoples of India
Aspects of caste in South India, Ceylon and North West Pakistan
Indian political thought : a reader
Śūdras in ancient India : a social history of the lower order down to circa A.D. 600
Empire of bones
Pushing beyond the familiar but limiting binaries of legitimation-resistance, the book focuses on the many lives of modern caste. It argues that the Brahmin of today cannot be seen as a caste-self that masks its casteness in order to present itself as modern/secular. The central tension that animates the Brahmin self is that of being both Brahmin and modern. --Book Jacket.
Social mobility in Kerala
Tribal society in India
The removal of untouchability
A Companion to the Anthropology of India
Ritual, caste, and religion in colonial South India
Caste status group aggregate and class : an inquiry into the social stratification in rural West Bengal
Peasant potters of Orissa : a sociological study
At the bottom of Indian society : the Harijan and other low castes
Caste in contemporary India : beyond organic solidarity
Rural society in southeast India
Untouchability in rural India
Politics and social conflict in South India : the non-Brahman movement and Tamil separation, 1916-1929
Growing up untouchable in India : a Dalit autobiography
"What does it mean to be a Brahmin, and what could it mean to become one? Over the years, intellectuals and dogmatists have offered plenty of answers to the first question, but the latter presents a cultural puzzle, since normative Brahminical ideology deems it impossible for an ordinary individual to change caste without first undergoing death and rebirth. There is, however, one notable figure in the Hindu mythological tradition who is said to have transformed himself from a king into a Brahmin by amassing great ascetic power, or tapas: the ornery sage Visvamitra. Through texts composed in Sanskrit and vernacular languages, oral performances, and visual media, Crossing the Lines of Caste examines the rich mosaic of legends about Visvamitra found across the Hindu mythological tradition. It offers a comprehensive historical analysis of how the "storyworlds" conjured up through these various tellings have served to adapt, upgrade, and reinforce the social identity of real-world Brahmin communities, from the ancient Vedic past up to the hypermodern present. Using a performance-centered approach to situate the production of the Visvamitra legends within specific historical contexts, Crossing the Lines of Caste reveals how and why mythological culture has played an active, dialogical role in the construction of Brahmin social power over the last three thousand years"--
Caste, race and religion in India
Selves in time and place : identities, experience, and history in Nepal
The anthropological romance of Bali 1597-1972 : dynamic perspectives in marriage and caste, politics and religion
Religion, caste and politics in India
The case of the missing servant : from the files of Vish Puri, India's 'Most Private Investigator'
Desert people : caste and community - a Rajasthani village
The tribes and castes of Bombay
Invisible barriers : gender, caste and kinship in a southern Indian village
A sociological study of folklore : projected research in Kuru region : Saharanpur, Muzaffarnagar, Meerut, Bulandshahar and Bijnor districts of Western Uttar Pradesh
Caste, class, and power : changing patterns of stratification in a Tanjore village
Antharjanam : memoirs of a Namboodiri woman
Dalit politics in contemporary India
The new wind : changing identities in South Asia
Aspects of caste in South India, Ceylon and North-West Pakistan
The Mysore tribes and castes. Volume 4, [Kotte Okkalu-Vodda]
Traces of Dumont from India
This reader provides a critical overview of the ethnographic work done in India since 1947. Offering quick and comprehensive access to the main themes dealt with by ethnographers in the various regions of India, it critically assesses the history of research in each region. Important questions discussed include: Which are the significant ethnographic contributions? What themes were ethnographers interested in? How are peoples, communities and cultural areas represented? How has the ethnographic research in the area developed? Furthermore, the reader includes discussion of those areas and topics neglected in the ethnographic discourse and how trends in ethnographic research have shifted are presented. In addition, the reader highlights key analytical concepts and paradigms that came to be of relevance in particular regions in the recent history of research and which possibly gained a pan-Indian or even trans-Indian significance. Another key issue of the book is thus to draw attention to the paradigms produced in regional ethnographic discourse and to focus on their influence in theoretical debates. Original contributions provide access to crucial topics in the ethnography of India by giving each chapter on a region a particular thematic accent. In order to give full recognition to the cultural diversity within each of the Indian states, each chapter follows a coherent structure without being repetitive. Each chapter contains a set of further readings. The book fills a significant gap in the literature. Structured according to the states of the Indian union, it is easily accessible. A practical reference work, it will be an invaluable resources to students and researchers in the field of a Indian anthropology, ethnography of India, regional anthropology and postcolonial studies. It will also be of interest to students of South Asian studies in general as it provides an extensive and critical overview of regionally based ethnographic activity undertaken in India.
Caste, race, and politics : A comparative study of India and the United States
Caste, class & race : a study in social dynamics
Culture and power : legend, ritual, bazaar and rebellion in a Bengali society
Caste in question : identity or hierarchy?
Beyond caste : identity and power in South Asia, past and present
Religious traditions in modern South Asia
Sexuality studies
Chronicles of our time
Behind the beautiful forevers : life, death and hope in a Mumbai slum
The Brahmans, theists and Muslims of India : studies of goddess-worship in Bengal, caste, Brahmaism and social reform, with descriptive sketches of curious festivals, ceremonies, and faquirs
Hierarchy and its discontents : culture and the politics of consciousness in caste society
The problems of Indian society
Constructing the colonial encounter : right and left hand castes in early colonial South India
Homo hierarchicus : the caste system and its implications
Identity, consciousness and the past : the South Asian scene
A call to community : the caste system and Christian responsibility
A South Indian subcaste : social organization and religion of the Pramalai Kallar
The Dalit Christian : a history
The structure of ancient Indian society : theory and reality of the Varṇa system
Status mobility in contemporary Bali : continuities and change
The twice-born : a study of a community of high-caste Hindus
Social background of India's administrators : a socio-economic study of the higher civil services of India
The grammar of caste : economic discrimination in contemporary india
The Cambridge companion to modern Indian culture
Viramma, life of an untouchable
The Āśrama system : the history and the hermeneutics of a religious institution
"Caste and gender are forms of social difference that typically have been addressed in isolation from each other: a presumptive maleness is present in most studies of Dalits, and a presumptive upper-casteness is present in many feminist studies of colonial India. The Gender of Caste enters new territory in its exploration of the gender of caste through representations of Dalits in print media in colonial north India. Among its subjects are images of Dalit women as victims and vamps, the construction of Dalit masculinities, religious conversion as an alternative to entrapment in the Hindu caste system, and the plight of indentured servants. An array of textual and pictorial material pertaining to Dalits is drawn from reformist, popular, and didactic literature; police reports; missionary records; and cartoons. The book shows how differentials of gender were critical in structuring patterns of domination and subordination. Through a gendered Dalit perspective, it historicizes axes of gender, caste, class, and community identities. Representations in print are used as a critical tool to examine depictions of Dalits by colonizers, nationalists, reformers, and Dalits themselves"--Provided by publisher.
The gender of caste : reprasenting Dalits in print
Caste and kin in Nepal, India and Ceylon : anthropological studies in Hindu-Buddhist contact zones
Dalit : the black untouchables of India
"This book offers a fresh approach to the study of religion in modern South Asia. It uses a series of case studies to explore the development of religious ideas and practices, giving students an understanding of the social, political and historical context. It looks at some familiar themes in the study of religion, such as deity, authoritative texts, myth, worship, teacher traditions and caste, and some of the key ways in which Buddhism, Hinduism, Islam and Sikhism in South Asia have been shaped in the modern period. The book points to the diversity of ways of looking at religious traditions and considers the impact of gender, politics, and the way religion itself is variously understood."--Publisher's description.
Origin and development of caste
Caste, colonialism and counter-modernity : notes on a postcolonial hermeneutics of caste
After conversion : cultural histories of modern India
Caste : its twentieth century avatar
Retro-modern India : forging the low-caste self
Race, science and society
Tamil brahmans : the making of a middle-class caste
The Mysore tribes and castes. Volume 3, [Indian Christian-Koracha]
Given our preoccupation with the idea of the Brahmin, the absence of detailed studies on the Brahmin---in embodied form, as a person or community---is striking to say the least. Being Brahmin, Being Modern attempts to address this lacuna by offering an ethnographic study of the Brahmins of contemporary Karnataka. --
Picturing cultures : historical photographs in anthropological inquiry
The caste system of northern India, with special reference to the United Provinces of Agra and Oudh
Caste and communication in an Indian village
Social change in modern India
The Hindu jajmani system : a socio-economic system interrelating members of a Hindu village community in services
Panjab castes : races castes and tribes of the People of Panjab
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Subalternity, exclusion, and social change in India
Challenging untouchability : Dalit initiative and experience from Karnataka
Caste and ritual in a Malwa village
Crossing the lines of caste : Viśvāmitra and the construction of Brahmin power in Hindu mythology
Caste, class and the raj : (a study of the Bengali society in transition in the colonial age)
The ambiguous position of Wolof griots : a diachronic perspective
The culturalization of caste in India : identity and inequality in a multicultural age
Caste and class in India
The white tiger
The children of Hari : a study of the Nimar Balahis in the central provinces of India
The Mysore tribes and castes. Volume 2, [Agasa-Budubudukki]
Kṣatriyas in ancient India ; a socio-economic and religious study
Claiming power from below : Dalits and the subaltern question of India
Village India : studies in the little community
Caste, class and social inequality in India
Peasant society in Koṅku : a study of right and left subcastes in South India
Caste in India : its nature, function, and origins
The dialectics of identity and resistance among Dalits in Nepal
Caste in modern Ceylon : The Sinhalase system in transition
Bharathipura
The fortunes of primitive tribes
Caste, hierarchy, and individualism : Indian critiques of Louis Dumont's contributions
The untouchables of India
Classifying the universe : the ancient Indian varna system and the origins of caste
State and politics in India
The gift of a virgin : women, marriage, and ritual in a Bengali society
The idea of natural inequality and other essays
From Max Weber : essays in sociology
The modern anthropology of India : a reader
The god of small things
Caste today
Gandhi and Ambedkar : great emancipators
