http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6329 experimental psychology
experimental psychology
Methods in experimental psychology
Exploring developmental psychology : understanding theory and methods
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 17, Theorizing in social psychology: special topics
Two conductance bridges for galvanic skin response (GSR) measurements
The practical researcher : a student guide to conducting psychological research
Measuring psychological constructs : advances in model-based approaches
Dimensions of personality
Tests and measurement : assessment and prediction
Handbook of experimental psychology
Method and theory in experimental psychology
Another person's direction of gaze and head orientation in orienting an observer's visual attention
Quarterly journal of experimental psychology
Effects of alcohol and emotional stimulation in a movie audience measured by group registration of galvanic skin responses
Educational psychology
The experience of flotation-REST (restricted environmental stimulation technique) : consciousness, creativity, subjective stress and pain
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 25
Tactics of scientific research : evaluating experimental data in psychology
Moral tribes : emotion, reason, and the gap between us and them
Handbook of research methods in experimental psychology
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 16
Nandrolone decandate, behaviour and brain : animal experimental studies
Experiments with people : revelations from social psychology
Behaviorism
Journal of experimental psychology. General
Psychological testing : theory and applications
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 18
Remembering : a study in experimental and social psychology
The effects of short-term food deprivation on human A.N.S. functioning
A fast implantation system for chronic multiple-unit electrodes
Perception
Human memory : theory and data
Studies on the basic mechanisms underlying spike-wave discharges in rats
Response-contingent reinforcement of heart rate changes without discriminative stimuli by unrestrained cats
Psychology exposed, or, The emperor's new clothes
Perspectives in psychological experimentation : toward the year 2000
Experimental psychology
Pattern of phasic arousal related to variation in cognitive effort with special reference to the speech organ EMG and age-effects
The social consequences of modern psychology
Steven's handbook of experimental psychology. Vol. 3, Learning, motivation and emotion
Experimental psychology : methods of research
Experimental design in psychological research
Stevens' handbook of experimental psychology ; ed. Hal Pashler. Volume 4, Methodology in experimental psychology
Research methods
A history of experimental psychology
Experimental psychology methods of research
A long transmission range biotelemetry system based on a commercial wireless microphone unit
Single case experimental designs : strategies for studying behavior change
Slow potential responses in cats during classical conditioning
Sensation and perception in the history of experimental psychology
Experimental social psychology : an interpretation of research upon the socialization of the individual
The long-term instrumental conditioning of bidirectional heart rate accelerations in unrestrained cats during a movement constraint
Solutions manual for Designing experiments and analyzing data : a model comparison perspective, 2nd ed
Marking the mind : a history of memory
Experimental psychology and information processing
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 15
Motivation : an experimental approach
Psychology of time
Microgenetic approach to the conscious mind
Experimental cognitive psychology and its applications
Spacing and repetition effects in human memory
Handbook of multivariate experimental psychology
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 6
Memory is one of the few psychological concepts with a truly ancient lineage. Presenting a history of the interrelated changes in memory tasks, memory technology and ideas about memory from antiquity to the late twentieth century, this book confronts psychology's 'short present' with its 'long past'. Kurt Danziger, one of the most influential historians of psychology of recent times, traces long-term continuities from ancient mnemonics and tools of inscription to modern memory experiments and computer storage. He explores historical discontinuities, showing how different kinds of memory became prominent at different times, and examines these changes in the context of specific themes including the question of truth in memory, distinctions between kinds of memory, the project of memory experimentation and the physical localization and conceptual location of memory. Daniziger's unique approach provides a historical perspective for understanding varieties of reproduction, narratives of the self and short-term memory.
An introduction to experimental design in psychology : a case approach
Studies in human decision making : on the effects of experimental instructions, framing and time constraints
Motivational systems
Immobility as a condition for the response contingent reinforcement of hippocampal theta activity changes
Experimental methodology
How to establish a behavior observation system
A measurement system for the recording of slow potentials and multiple-unit responses in cats
Experimental psychology : a methodological approach
Experimental psychology : an introduction
Introduction to methods in experimental psychology
The Quarterly journal of experimental psychology. Sect. A, Human experimental psychology
The relationship between some components of physical fitness and the modification by muscular exercise of the movement pattern in rising from a sitting position and stepping up to a platform
Introduction to psychology
Quarterly journal of experimental psychology / Sect. B, Comparative and physiological psychology
The first century of experimental psychology
Journal of experimental psychology. Human perception and performance
Intracranial slow potential responses in cats during classical conditioning : control and conditioning experiments compared
Great Experiments in Psychology
Experimental psychology : a case approach
A history of modern experimental psychology : from James and Wundt to cognitive science
Prisoner's dilemma : a study in conflict and cooperation
The measurement of sensation : a critique of perceptual psychophysics
An introduction to experimental design
Foundational analysis : presuppositions in experimental psychology
Statistics with confidence : an introduction for psychologists
Social psychology through experiment
Instructor's manual with test bank to accompany Research methods in psychology
Alcohol consumption in the rat : modulation by adrenal steroids and mesotelencephalic dopamine
The role of speech in the regulation of normal and abnormal behaviour
Statistical misconceptions
Handbook of psychology. Vol. 4, Experimental psychology
