http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6328 psychometrics
psychometrics
A functional theory of cognition
Beyond significance testing : reforming data analysis methods in behavioral research
Multivariate applications in substance use research : new methods for new questions
Tests and assessment
The predictors of success in music schools
Ultimate psychometric tests : over 1,000 verbal, numerical, diagrammatic and IQ practice tests
Practice tests for personality testing : succeed at psychometric testing
On fundamental measurement in psychology
The new rules of measurement : what every psychologist and educator should know
The perception of visual numerosity
An introduction to psychological statistics
Statistics in psychology using R and SPSS
Multivariate analysis in behavioural research
Frontiers of mathematical psychology : essays in honor of Clyde Coombs
Measuring psychological constructs : advances in model-based approaches
Abstract.
Statistics explained
Principals of modern psychological measurement : a festschrift for Frederic M. Lord
Learning to use statistical tests in psychology
Intelligent testing with the WISC-III
The measurement of values
Item response theory for psychologists
Hot spur or tranquil? : the adaptation of psychometric anger assessment instruments and their evaluation and application on violent and nonviolent samples in Sweden
Statistical reasoning in the behavioral sciences
On the nature of Internet addiction : what is it and how is it measured?
Adaptive behaviour of institutionalized mentally retarded persons
Test design : developments in psychology and psychometrics
Dynamic assessment : a Vygotskian approach to understanding and promoting L2 development
Signal detection theory and ROC analysis in psychology and diagnostics : collected papers
Dynamic Assessment (DA) reconceptualizes classroom interactions by arguing that teaching and assessment should not be distinct undertakings but must be integrated as a single activity that seeks to understand learner abilities by actively supporting their ongoing development. DA is based in the Vygotskian notion of the Zone of Proximal Development (ZPD) which captures the uniquely human potential to exceed our present capabilities by working in cooperation with others whose dialogic interaction mediates us to higher levels of functioning. DA offers a framework for co-constructing a ZPD with learners in order to simultaneously reveal the full range of their abilities and promote development. This book presents the first in-depth analysis of DAa (TM)s application to particular problems of L2 development. It includes detailed discussions of the core theoretical tenets as well as guidelines for implementing DA principles in L2 classrooms. The book will be of interest to language teacher educators, language testers, classroom practitioners, and students and researchers in the areas of SLA, language pedagogy, and assessment.
Psychometric theory
Intellectual talent : psychometric and social issues
Handbook of perception. 2, Psychophysical judgment and measurement
Psychometric methods
Quality of life after traumatic brain injury : Finnish experience of the QOLIBRI in residential rehabilitation
Single subject research : strategies for evaluating change
Readings in mathematical psychology. Vol. 2
The Rasch model for dichotomous items : theory, applications and a computer program
Handbook of measurement and assessment in behavioral sciences
The graduate psychometric test workbook : essential preparation for quantitative reasoning, data interpretation, and verbal reasoning tests : advanced level
Categorical variables in developmental research : methods of analysis
Approaching multivariate analysis : an introduction for psychology
Essentials of NEPSY-II assessment
Perception of visual kinematics
Psychometric methods : theory into practice
"The success of the Apgar score demonstrates the astounding power of an appropriate clinical instrument. This down-to-earth book provides practical advice, underpinned by theoretical principles, on developing and evaluating measurement instruments in all fields of medicine. It equips you to choose the most appropriate instrument for specific purposes. The book covers measurement theories, methods and criteria for evaluating and selecting instruments. It provides methods to assess measurement properties, such as reliability, validity and responsiveness, and interpret the results. Worked examples and end-of-chapter assignments use real data and well-known instruments to build your skills at implementation and interpretation through hands-on analysis of real-life cases. All data and solutions are available online. This is a perfect course book for students and a perfect companion for professionals/researchers in the medical and health sciences who care about the quality and meaning of the measurements they perform"--Provided by publisher.
Multiple regression and the analysis of variance and covariance
Psychological testing : theory and applications
Trends in mathematical psychology
Handbook of item response theory modeling : applications to typical performance assessment
Problem solving : a structural/process approach with instructional implications
Work engagement : psychometrical, psychosocial, and psychophysiological approach
The new psychometrics : science, psychology and measurement
Personality : the psychometric view
Statistical models for test equating, scaling, and linking
Experimental design : procedures for the behavioral sciences
Innovations in computerized assessment
Introduction to multidimensional scaling : theory, methods, and applications
Introduction to classical and modern test theory
Psychometric test theory and cognitive processes : a theoretical scrutiny and empirical research
Explanatory item response models : a generalized linear and nonlinear approach
The goal of this book is to emphasize the formal statistical features of the practice of equating, linking, and scaling. This book encourages the view and discusses the quality of the equating results from the statistical perspective (new models, robustness, fit, testing hypotheses, statistical monitoring) as opposed to placing the focus on the policy and the implications, which although very important, represent a different side of the equating practice. This book contributes to establishing 'equating' as a theoretical field, a view that has not been offered often before. The tradition in the practice of equating has been to present the knowledge and skills needed as a craft, which implies that only with years of experience under the guidance of a knowledgeable practitioner could one acquire the required skills. This book challenges this view by indicating how a good equating framework, a sound understanding of the assumptions that underlie the psychometric models, and the use of statistical tests and statistical process control tools can help the practitioner navigate the difficult decisions in choosing the final equating function. This book provides a valuable reference for several groups: statisticians and psychometricians interested in the theory behind equating methods, in the use of model-based statistical methods for data smoothing, and in the evaluation of the equating results in applied work; practitioners who need to equate tests, including those with these responsibilities in testing companies, state testing agencies, and school districts; and, instructors in psychometric, measurement, and psychology programs.
Cognitive development : neo-Piagetian perspectives
Contemporary approaches to neuropsychological assessment
Brilliant psychometric tests : what the best candidates know, do and say
Essentials of psychological testing
First steps in research and statistics : a practical workbook for psychology students
Research methods and statistics in psychology
Varieties of human value
Handbook of tests and measurement in education and the social sciences
Practice tests for numerical reasoning : intermediate level : succeed at psychometric testing
Personality and motivation, structure and measurement
Psychological statistics
Modern psychometrics : the science of psychological assessment
Handbook of psychological assessment
Item generation for test development
Self psychology and diagnostic assessment : identifying selfobject functions through psychological testing
Test equating : methods and practices
Quantification in psychology
Easy statistics in psychology : a BPS guide
Multivariate taxometric procedures : distinguishing types from continua
SPSS for psychologists
The handbook of psychological testing
Best methods for the analysis of change : recent advances, unanswered questions, future directions
Assessing individuals : psychological and educational tests and measurements
"Testing and assessment occurs throughout our lives, from schooling and employment to applying for a mortgage or credit. Psychometrics is the science of how to maximize the quality of such assessments."--BOOK JACKET. "In Part one of Modern Psychometrics Rust and Golombok outline the history of this field and discuss central theoretical issues such as personality and integrity testing and the impact of computer technology. In Part two a practical step-by-step guide to the development of a psychometric test is provided. This will enable anyone wishing to develop their own test to plan, design, construct and validate it to a professional standard."--BOOK JACKET. "This text will be useful to students at all levels who are interested in psychometrics."--BOOK JACKET.
Introduction to statistics for psychology and education
Introducing psychological research : seventy studies that shape psychology
The development of a finnish application of the occupational self assessment
Inner strength among old people : a resource for experience of health, despite disease and adversities
Principles of test theories
Intelligence : the psychometric view
Using psychometrics : a practical guide to testing and assessment
Statistical thinking : a structural approach
Generalizability theory
Handbook of measurement and evaluation in rehabilitation
APA handbook of research methods in psychology. Volume 1, Foundations, planning, measures, and psychometrics
Measures of family functioning for research and practice
Reading and understanding more multivariate statistics
Introducing research and data in psychology : a guide to methods and analysis
Making sense of data and statistics in psychology
Applied psychometry
Measuring the mind : conceptual issues in contemporary psychometrics
Fundamentals of measurement in applied research
Handbook of multicultural assessment : clinical, psychological, and educational applications
Nonparametric statistics for the behavioral sciences
Assessing adults with intellectual disabilities : a service providers' guide
Focusing on the conceptual understanding of psychometric issues such as validity and reliability this textbook introduces psychometric principles at a level that goes into more detail than introductory undergraduate texts but, that is more intuitive than more technical publications intended for postgraduate level. By emphasizing conceptual development and practical significance over mathematical proofs, this book assists students in appreciating how measurement problems can be addressed and why it is important to address them.
An introduction to psychological assessment and psychometrics
Testing people : a practical guide to psychometrics
Mathematics and psychology
A comparison of probabilistic unfolding theories for paired comparisons data
Probabilistic feature models for unfolding
Arthur Jensen : consensus and controversy
Geometric representations of perceptual phenomena : papers in honor of Tarow Indow on his 70th birthday
How to think about statistics
Multivariate statistical methods in behavioral research
"This book is intended to be a practical, easy-to-understand guide to carrying out growth curve analysis (multilevel regression) of time course or longitudinal data in the behavioral sciences, particularly cognitive science, cognitive neu- roscience, and psychology. Multilevel regression is becoming a more and more prominent statistical tool in the behavioral sciences and it is especially useful for time course data, so many researchers know they should use it, but they do not know how to use it. In addition, analysis of individual di erences (de- velopmental, neuropsychological, etc.) is an important subject of behavioral science research but many researchers don't know how to implement analy- sis methods that would help them quantify individual di erences. Multilevel regression provides a statistical framework for quantifying and analyzing indi- vidual di erences in the context of a model of the overall group e ects. There are several excellent, detailed textbooks on multilevel regression, but I believe that many behavioral scientists have neither the time nor the inclination to work through those texts. If you are one of these scientists { if you have time course data and want to use growth curve analysis, but don't know how { then this book is for you. I have tried to avoid statistical theory and techni- cal jargon in favor of focusing on the concrete issue of applying growth curve analysis to behavioral science data and individual di erences"--
Quantifying consciousness : an empirical approach
Readings in mathematical psychology. Vol. 1
Understanding psychological assessment : a primer on the global assessment of the client's behavior in educational and organizational setting
"An engaging, practical guide to psychological testingEssentials of Psychological Testing, 2nd Edition is a fully updated and revised overview of the basic principles of psychometrics, including the information needed to understand and evaluate tests. It contains everything you need to know about the science of measuring knowledge, abilities, attitudes, personality traits, and education level, and introduces readers to the most relevant reference works in the field. This guide was written specifically for active professionals and students in fields ranging from clinical mental health and social work to education and human resources. In Essentials of Psychological Testing, 2nd Edition, even the most complicated psychometric principles are made interesting and easy to comprehend. More importantly, you will learn how to translate this new knowledge into practice by selecting the right tests, administering them appropriately, and correctly interpreting results.Dr.Susana Urbina describes the science of psychometrics, along with its history, providing important background information for the sections that follow. You'll find detailed information on testing procedures, score interpretation, reliability and validity, and "Test Yourself" questions that help activate your knowledge. In addition, the Second Edition has been updated to include: Information from the revised Standards for Educational and Psychological Testing New examples from the most recent versions of psychological tests Discussion of new test administration technologies, such as the Q-Interactive Illustrations and easy-to-find reinforcement of key concepts Dr. Urbina is recognized as a leading expert in the field of psychometrics, and her enjoyable writing style makes it easy to master this complex subject.Essentials of Psychological Testing, 2nd Edition is required reading for anyone who needs to know what psychological tests are and how to use them in a professional, consistent, scientifically sound manner"--
Psychophysiological measurement and meaning : cognitive and emotional processing of media
Understanding psychological research : the student researcher's handbook
"Accessible to quantitative psychology researchers, this book introduces growth curve analysis (GCA) methods for applications in the behavioral sciences. It introduces the challenges involved with this type of data, discusses the basics of GCA, and explains how the methods can be used to analyze the data. The book takes a very practical approach, emphasizing visualization and keeping mathematical details to a minimum. It includes many real data examples from cognitive science and social psychology and integrates R code for the implementation of the methods"--
Pure and blended emotion in the human face : psychometric experiments
The comprehensive body examination : a psychometric evaluation
Methods of information integration theory
Psychometrics : an introduction
Statistics without maths for psychology
Bias in mental testing
Contemporary psychometrics : a festschrift for Roderick P. McDonald
Psychology, science, and history : an introduction to historiometry
Statistical reasoning in psychology and education
Psychometrics and psychology
Handbook of modern item response theory
Introductory statistics for the behavioral sciences
This research volume serves as a comprehensive resource for psychophysiological research on media responses. It addresses the theoretical underpinnings, methodological techniques, and most recent research in this area. It goes beyond current volumes by placing the research techniques within a context of communication processes and effects as a field, and demonstrating how the real-time measurement of physiological responses enhances and complements more traditional measures of psychological effects from media. This volume introduces readers to the theoretical assumptions of psychophysiology as well as the operational details of collecting psychophysiological data. In addition to discussing specific measures, it includes brief reviews of recent experiments that have used psychophysiological measures to study how the brain processes media. It will serve as a valuable reference for media researchers utilizing these methodologies, or for other researchers needing to understand the theories, history, and methods of psychophysiological research.
Straightforward statistics : understanding the tools of research
Fundamental statistics for the behavioral sciences
Advances in configural frequency analysis
This new text provides a state-of the-art introduction to educational and psychological testing and measurement theory that reflects the many intellectual developments of the past two decades. The book introduces psychometric theory using a latent variable modeling (LVM) framework and emphasizes interval estimation throughout, so as to better prepare readers for studying more advanced topics later in their careers. Featuring numerous examples, it presents an applied approach to conducting testing and measurement in the behavioral, social, and educational sciences. Readers will find numerous tips on how to use test theory in today's actual testing situations. To reflect the growing use of statistical software in psychometrics, the authors introduce the use of Mplus after the first few chapters. SPSS, SAS, and R are also featured in several of the chapters. Software codes and associated outputs are reviewed throughout to enhance comprehension. All of the data and input and output files referred to in the book are available on the website along with pertinent commands and other features. The authors rely on LVM when discussing fundamental concepts such as exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis, test theory, generalizability theory, reliability and validity, interval estimation, nonlinear factor analysis, generalized linear modeling, and item response theory. The varied applications make this book a valuable tool for those in the behavioral, social, educational, and biomedical disciplines, as well as in business, economics, and marketing. A brief introduction to R is provided in Section 2.8 and in the Appendix to Chapter 11. Intended as a text for advanced undergraduate and/or graduate courses in psychometrics, testing and measurement, measurement theory, psychological testing, and/or educational and/or psychological measurement taught in departments of psychology, education, human development,epidemiology, business, and marketing, this book is also expected to appeal to applied researchers in these disciplines. Prerequisites include an introduction to statistics with exposure to regression analysis and ANOVA. Familiarity with SPSS, SAS, STATA, or R is also beneficial. As a whole the book provides an invaluable introduction to measurement and test theory to those with limited or no familiarity with the mathematical and statistical procedures involved in measurement and testing
Revised NEO personality inventory (NEO PI-R)  and NEO five-factor inventory (NEO-FFI) : professional manual
Measurement, judgment, and decision making
Statistical methods for psychology
Introduction to facet theory : content design and intrinsic data analysis in behavioral research
Nonlinear dynamics : techniques and applications in psychology
Statistics with confidence : an introduction for psychologists
Growth curve analysis and visualization using R
Cited by more than 300 scholars, Statistical Reasoning in the Behavioral Sciences continues to provide streamlined resources and easy-to-understand information on statistics in the behavioral sciences and related fields, including psychology, education, human resources management, and sociology. The sixth edition includes new information about the use of computers in statistics and offers screenshots of IBM SPSS (formerly SPSS) menus, dialog boxes, and output in selected chapters without sacrificing any of the conceptual logic and the statistical formulas needed to facilitate understanding. The example problems have been updated to reflect more current topics (e.g., text messaging while driving, violence in the media). The latest research and new photos have been integrated throughout the text to make the material more accessible. With these changes, students and professionals in the behavioral sciences will develop an understanding of statistical logic and procedures, the properties of statistical devices, and the importance of the assumptions underlying statistical tools.
"Grounded in current knowledge and professional practice, this book provides up-to-date coverage of psychometric theory, methods, and interpretation of results. Essential topics include measurement and statistical concepts, scaling models, test design and development, reliability, validity, factor analysis, item response theory, and generalizability theory. Also addressed are norming and test equating, topics not typically covered in traditional psychometrics texts. Examples drawn from a dataset on intelligence testing are used throughout the book, elucidating the assumptions underlying particular methods and providing SPSS (or alternative) syntax for conducting analyses. The companion website presents datasets for all examples as well as PowerPoints of figures and key concepts. Pedagogical features include equation boxes with English translations of all statistical notation and end-of-chapter glossaries. The Appendix offers extensions of the topical chapters with example source code from SAS, SPSS, IRTPRO, BILOG-MG, PARSCALE, TESTFACT, and DIMTEST. Key Words/Subject Areas: assessments, factor analysis, generalizability theory, item response theory, measurement theory, norming, psychological testing, psychometric methods, psychometrics, reliability, research methods, scaling, test development, test equating, tests, validity Audience: Behavioral researchers; testing and assessment professionals; graduate students and instructors in psychology, neuroscience, education, management, sociology, and public health. "--
Introduction to psychometric theory
Single-case research methods for the behavioral and health sciences
Psychometrics in coaching : using psychological and psychometric tools for development
Statistical misconceptions
How to master psychometric tests
Test theory : a unified treatment
