http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p632 immortality
immortality
Mr. Penumbra's 24-hour bookstore
Succubus heat
"Tell him to follow me as quickly as possible" : Plato's Phaedo (60c-63c) on taking one's own life
Firelight
Cryoburn
The Garden of Eden and the hope of immortality
From Anne Rice, conjurer of the beloved best sellers Interview with the Vampire and Prince Lestat, an ambitious and exhilarating new novel of utopian vision and power   "In my dreams, I saw a city fall into the sea. I heard the cries of thousands. I saw flames that outshone the lamps of heaven. And all the world was shaken."--Anne Rice, Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis    At the novel's center: the vampire Lestat de Lioncourt, hero, leader, inspirer, irresistible force, irrepressible spirit, battling (and ultimately reconciling with) a strange otherworldly form that has somehow taken possession of Lestat's undead body and soul. This ancient and mysterious power and unearthly spirit of vampire lore has all the force, history, and insidious reach of the unknowable Universe.  It is through this spirit, previously considered benign for thousands of vampire years and throughout the Vampire Chronicles, that we come to be told the hypnotic tale of a great sea power of ancient times; a mysterious heaven on earth situated on a boundless continent--and of how and why, and in what manner and with what far-reaching purpose, this force came to build and rule the great legendary empire of centuries ago that thrived in the Atlantic Ocean.  And as we learn of the mighty, far-reaching powers and perfections of this lost kingdom of Atalantaya, the lost realms of Atlantis, we come to understand its secrets, and how and why the vampire Lestat, indeed all the vampires, must reckon so many millennia later with the terrifying force of this ageless, all-powerful Atalantaya spirit.
Century
You have to stop this
Thirteen days to midnight
Presence and immortality
Darth Bane : dynasty of evil : a novel of the old republic
Eternal Warrior. Volume one, Sword of the wild
Your servants and your people
The picture of Dorian Gray
Everbound
Shadow's claim
Mermaid saga. Volume 3 / [translation: Matt Thorn]
Spinoza's heresy : immortality and the Jewish mind
Intertwined
The alchemyst : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
Death and deathlessness in Germanic heroic tradition. A continuum in Tolkien's fiction
Death and immortality
This isn't what it looks like
The arguments for the immortality of soul in the first half of the thirteenth century
The secret language of the soul
Retribution
Plato's Phaedo : a translation of Plato's Phaedo with introduction, notes and appendices
Wisdom in transition : act and consequence in second temple instructions
Time and eternity
Succubus nights
Eternity of man
The fall
The vampire chronicles collection. Volume I
The first fifteen lives of Harry August
This book is not good for you
Clones, genes, and immortality
Briarpatch
Mermaid saga. Volume 4 / [translation: Matt Thorn]
The shadow prince
A world of darkness : mummy
There are no goodbyes : guided by angels - my tour of the spirit world
Cursed by fire
In a small southern town with a secret world hidden in plain sight, sixteen-year-old Lena, who possesses supernatural powers and faces a life-altering decision, draws away from her true love, Ethan, a mortal with frightening visions.
The moon and the sun
The Picture of Dorian Gray
A dialogue on personal identity and immorality
The science of immortality
Eternal God : a study of God without time
Fifteen years after the last devastating Insect attack, the immortal Circle is finally ready to launch an offensive against their implacable enemies. This time they have a new weapon - gunpowder. Hopes are high. But the Circle's plans are threatened when the vital barrels of gunpowder go missing. Jant, the Circle's winged messenger, is tasked to investigate. Soon it becomes clear that the theft is part of a deadly conspiracy and Jant and his friends are among the targets. As tensions rise, Jant races to foil the conspirators. Can he expose them in time - or will the crisis blow the Fourlands apart?
The name of this book is secret
The year of our war
Melmoth the wanderer
The Vampire diaries : the return. Vol 2 : Shadow souls
Counting heads
Annihilation : the sense and significance of death
Immortal beloved
The magician : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
The everlasting
Who one is. Book 1, Meontology of the "I" : a transcendental phenomenology
The immortal : Demon in the blood
The wicked + the divine. Vol. 4, Rising action
The possibility of an island
The other wind
My soul to keep
The will to believe and other essays in popular philosophy, and Human immortality
The witch's daughter
From the dust returned : a family remembrance
Prince Lestat and the realms of Atlantis
Beyond death : exploring the evidence for immortality
Twelve kings in Sharakhai
Immortality
Dreams of a dark warrior
Nine layers of sky
Altered carbon
Yesterday origins : PlayStation 4
"The novel opens with the Vampire world in crisis...vampires have been proliferating out of control; burnings have commenced all over the world, huge massacres similar to those carried out by Akasha in The Queen of the Damned... Old vampires, roused from slumber in the earth are doing the bidding of a Voice commanding that they indiscriminately burn vampire-mavericks in cities from Paris and Mumbai to Hong Kong, Kyoto and San Francisco. As the novel moves from present day New York and the West Coast to Ancient Egypt, fourth century Carthage, 14th century Rome, the Venice of the Renaissance, the worlds and beings of all the Vampire Chronicles--from Louis de Pointe du Lac, the eternally young Armand whose face is that of a Boticelli angel; Mekare and Maharet, Pandora and Flavius; David Talbot, vampire and ultimate fixer from the Secret Talamasca, and Marius, the true child of the Millennia; along with all the other new seductive, supernatural creatures--come together in this large, luxuriant, fiercely ambitious novel to ultimately rise up and seek out who--or what--The Voice is, and to discover the secret of what it desires and why... And, at the book's center, the seemingly absent, curiously missing hero-wanderer, the dazzling, dangerous rebel-outlaw--the great "hope" of the Undead, the dazzling Prince Lestat.." --
The declaration
Mermaid forest
She : a history of adventure
The denial of death
Twilight and philosophy : vampires, vegetarians, and the pursuit of immortality
Kingdom of darkness
The reunion
Mermaid's gaze
Swarms of locusts, record-breaking heat, and devastating storms ravage Gatlin as Ethan and Lena struggle to understand and control the impact of Lena's claiming, which is even causing her family members' abilities to dangerously misfire.
Everneath
Mermaid saga. Volume 1 / [translation: Matt Thorn]
Yesterday origins : Xbox One
Trehan Daciano, known as the Prince of Shadows, has spent his like serving his people - striking in the night, quietly executing any threat to their realm. The coldly disciplined swordsman has never desired anything for himself - until he beholds Bettina, the sheltered ward of two of the Lore's most fearsome villains.
The living blood
In a small South Carolina town, where it seems little has changed since the Civil War, sixteen-year-old Ethan is powerfully drawn to Lena, a new classmate with whom he shares a psychic connection and whose family hides a dark secret that may be revealed on her sixteenth birthday.
The reckoning
Night star
Return : Shadow souls
Mermaid saga. Volume 2 / [translation: Matt Thorn]
The eternity key
The warlock : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
How to live forever
When the blue shift comes
The self and immortality
Every ninety years, twelve gods are reincarnated as young people. They are loved. They are hated. And sometimes - just sometimes - they fall into open Superstar wars. -- Provided by publisher.
The accord
The wicked + the divine. Vol. 1, The faust act
