http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6326 spare parts
spare parts
Exporting of Used Automobile Parts from Finland to Nigeria
Improving Spare Part Sales : Case: Andritz Oy
Custom chrome '96 : world's finest products for Harley-Davidsons
Spare part process from customer's perspective = Varaosatoimitukset asiakkaan näkökulmasta
From electronic spare part catalog to eBusiness : finding the best practices
Learning environment at Toyota parts logistics
Categorization of military aircraft spare parts for simulation purposes
Spare Parts Business Processes Product Commodity Management Process Book
CATALOGCREATOR® became available in PLM Group's product portfolio at the beginning of the year 2012, which makes it a completely new product for all employees. There was a certain need to gather all relevant information in one place to help sales managers to find the main aspects rapidly during their customer visits. The Marketing crew can also find the manual useful when introducing the product via telephone and facing questions. Information was mainly gathered on the Internet. Numbers and tables were given by the main company via email. As a result, a handbook of nearly 30 pages was built. The handbook includes all relevant data such as common features, market share, pricing and competitors.
Spare Part Optimization for W32 Fuel Injection Equipment
Tiivistelmä: Aircraft maintenance company's spare part logistics into Russia.
Spare part business analysis and development
Technical obsolescence for Wärtsilä W20
Spare parts operations in landfill compactor business
This thesis work explores swap phones demand forecasting and offering as a part of Nokia Corporation Europe, Middle-East and Africa spare part service network after-sales marketing services. An objective for the study is to describe the current struc-ture of swap offering and demand forecasting. Study discusses how ongoing changes in the swap supply chain network will have impact on these topics. Special interest is targeted on the updating of the end of life stock planning-process. Deployment of the global DSpare planning tool is part of a greater change process in the Nokia spare part service network. Excel-based demand forecasting for swaps is going to be replaced with the web-based DSpare planning tool, in order to strengthen the central swap stock swap lifecycle management and material maintenance. By including the impact of several development projects on swap material area and demand forecasting, the case study aims at finding answers to what should be the change requirements for the later versions of DSpare tool, in order that DSpare could be utilized in Material and Logistics Services -organization most effectively for swap planning. Demand forecasting is important for Nokia and the supply chain needs to be maintained efficient throughout the swap material lifecycle by functional demand forecasting process. The study revealed a great swap variant increase during 2005 and 2007. This is one factor for the distinct requirement for rationalizing current re-sources and implementing DSpare planning tool for swaps. Light swap presents opportunities for the swap end of life stock cost decrease and limiting swap portfolio, but at the same time it creates a possible interdependency with spare parts material planning. One option for restricting the swap offering from the central swap stock could be to modify swaps, here referring to light swap, closer to the end customer in the swap supply chain. Change requirements for DSpare have been divided into two waves. In the first wave, DSpare is utilized for EMEA swap demand forecasting only regarding the continuous phase of the swap lifecycle model. In the second wave, DSpare must support the entire lifecycle model and have the capability for downloading the final forecast to the DMAN -tool for monthly demand supply balancing and the ability to distinguish key performance indicators for monitoring planning accuracy.
Maintenance company's spare part logistics into Russia
Improving the request for quotation process : a research on price-related requests for quotations
Effective outsourcing throughout the supply chain in the automotive industry
The role and development needs of HUBs in Valmet corporation's spare part operations
Customer satisfaction research : spare parts sales
Abstract.
Abstract: Categorization of military aircraft spare parts for simulation purposes.
Development and modularisation of electrical customer documentation systems : case spare parts, Metso paper service
Abstract: Development and modularisation of electrical customer documentation systems
CATALOGcreator® : sales & marketing manual
Spare part logistics of Wärtsilä Diesel in China
Consolidation of purchases in spare part business
Forecasting future spare part sales by quotation data analysis
Adaptive control systems for spare part inventory network
Best cases in B2B sales management
DHL Spare part management : case: Cosmote,Greece
Strategy tools in hardware services startegy work
Maintenance for industrial systems
Swap demand forecasting ond offering in customer care supply chain: Case DSpare Planning tool
Outline of American geography : regional landscapes of the United States
Stock parts availability improvement : case: Wärtsilä Finland Oy, Services
Warehouse design : case: spare part dealership
Glass Deliveries in Spare Parts : Case Kalmar Parts
Lengthening the life cycle of automobiles as a business idea : Case studies Fangmbeng & Son’s Shipping ay
Competitive benchmarking in automotive spare parts
Cargotec develops services for all customer segments
Developing service offering in spare part business
DHL Exel Supply Chain Hungary Ltd. which operates as logistics partner for Nokia Siemens Networks is the client of this work and the thesis described Nokia Siemens Network?s customer order-delivery process in two systems. These systems are ELOG and SAP R/3. The purpose of this thesis was to study the logistics supply chain management and control.  The work was carried out by studying Nokia Siemens Network's customer Cosmote spare part order- delivery process. The work was based on author's own practical experiences, which took place during work replacement period in the spring of 2010 in Budapest, Hungary. By studying the process the aim was to search possible weaknesses in both systems that were used to handle the orders and describe them as accurately as possible. Finally there were examinations on how these problems could be solved. This thesis described the order-delivery process and how it has evolved over the years. Also, what kinds of applications have resulted as the technology has developed. An example of this, is Nokia Siemens Networks customer's Cosmote spare part distribution in spare part management order-delivery type. Also, outsourcing and the possibilities that it delivers and challenges were described in its own chapter. Finally, there is a call center description in spare part management process and its role in the order-delivery process. The last chapter described problems in the customer order process and displayed possible changes and recommendations. The most important results were discussed with DHL. These results included preventing product- and person information lost in ELOG when dealing with orders and in SAP preventing duplication of product serial numbers. These points will be used as basis and monitor for other customer processes. Important conclusions were how vulnerable information systems are and how easily they can lose information between the parties. This has serious effects on the functionality of the supply chain from the subcontractor to the end customer.
Analysis of the purchasing process
PJP Metsäexpertit Oy is a medium-sized forestry company operating in Pirkanmaa region. The company's main operations are harvesting and bio energy fuel logging, including forwarding. In addition to the main operations PJP carries out support functions such as drawing up of harvesting work schedules, repair and maintenance operations as well as coordination of their sub-contractors' work. On top of the current business operations, PJP is becoming a spare part dealer and contract maintenance service provider for Swedish forestry machine manufacturer Eco Log. Embarking on this new field of business requires planning and designing. The most important needs at this stage for PJP are to have the spare part storage layout and stock location scheme as well as basic warehouse operations designed. Hence, the goal of the design work is to recommend a storage layout solution which meets overall objectives and company requirements as well as create functional and efficient basic warehouse operations and stock location scheme according to the company's specific situation.   The layout model recommended in this thesis was achieved by defining the characteristics of the stored materials, choosing the suitable storage method and techniques and taking into consideration the limitations and opportunities of the space. The recommended layout is static small and medium-sized spare part storage with shelving and lockers as the main storage devices. This solution reaches the overall objectives of an economical storage which enables efficient use of space and material handling, provides flexibility required in the changing business environment as well as adheres to the case company specific requirements. Acquiring of the storage fitting, accessories and equipment according to the recommendations further increases the overall functionality and efficiency of the layout. The designing of the basic warehouse operations includes receiving, storage, picking, packing and shipping activities. The company's ERP system is an essential tool along with the stock location scheme to enable efficient operations. The stock location scheme is based on the recommended storage layout and each stock location is identified with a unique code. The objective of efficient yet economical warehousing is reached with the right systems and procedures in place and with suitable equipment. In addition to the procedures and systems presented in the thesis, it is recommended that in the future PJP considers the use of bar coding in its warehouse operations since it can offer many benefits in terms of information accuracy and overall operational efficiency.
Biogas from waste and renewable resources : an introduction
Letting Mama do the work
Improving the supply chain management for car spare parts
Sourcing of availability services : case aircraft component support
Optimization of spare parts and materials inventory at Metsä-Botnia Rauma Mill
The net sales potential of spare parts
Distribution network in Germany
The purpose of this thesis was to examine the time used in supply of spare parts from the customer's perspective. The aim was to determine how much time is used in the customer order process. The used time from the order creation to the actual delivery date is determined based on the data collected from the SAP program. All information was collected from the SAP database using limited group of products. The information is divided into smaller groups based on the delivery address and the delivery priority set by the customer. The company that commissioned the study is one of the world's leading marine and energy power solutions provider. The supply of spare parts is a significant part of the company's services division. By monitoring the customer service, the business can be developed t be more customer-oriented and a long-term customer relationship can be ensured. The theoretical sec tion presents the values set by the customer and internal order processing, which affects the time duration of the order process of spare parts. The focus of the study was on delivery form and urgency that the customer has defined when placing the order, and on how the company has classified the spare part deliveries internally and how it works in practice.
Supply chain management in airgraft spare part procurement
Service parts planning with mySAP SCM : processes, structures, and functions
Compilation of Napier 475 turbocharger spare part pages
Cryopreservation of buds and in vitro shoot tips of Betula pendula
