http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6335 territorial cooperation
territorial cooperation
Abstract.
Structural changes in the international system and regionalisation
What is the role of a cluster in the business co-operation development?
The Oulu-Karelia-Arkhangelsk-Komi Corridor : pre-study
Envisioning the northern dimension : toward an arctic of regions
Cultural co-operation possibilities between the companies and associations providing cultural services in Southern Pirkanmaa region
India, China, Russia : intricacies of an Asian triangle
Barents Rescue 2007, Saariselkä, Finland : seminar publication
Local partnership : a succesful strategy for social cohesion? : European research report
Regional innovation, knowledge and global change
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Stakeholder relations in macro-regional science cooperation : case study : Stakeholder analysis for BONUS joint research and development programme
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
EU-Russia cooperation : mutual benefits for SMEs in framework programs
Abstract: Cultural co-operation possibilities between the companies and associations providing cultural services in Southern Pirkanmaa region.
Today greater responsibilities are being put on regions to shape their own future. Thus, different kinds of regional collaboration arenas have emerged and an increasing number of regional collaboration projects are now crossing both county and nation borders. The object of interest in this study is the Bothnian Arc project. This project involves municipalities on the Swedish and the Finnish side of the Gulf of Bothnia. The aim has been to analyse opinions and experiences of Swedish actors regarding the Bothnian Arc as a region-strengthening project. The article is based on interviews with fourteen municipality representatives and a questionnaire answered by approximately 300 firm managers within the Bothnian Arc area.The Bothnian Arc is essentially a political project and this study shows that the policy creating institutions have not succeeded in transferring ideas and objectives to firms within the area. In fact, only 30 per cent of the firm managers were familiar with the project. More concrete projects adapted to firm interests were required by a few of the municipality representatives. Moreover, the municipalities closest to the Finnish border are more active and involved both on municipal and firm level. This tendency is primarily due to already existing traditions of collaboration with Finnish actors.
Crossing the border : boundary relations in a changing Europe
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Japanese influences and presences in Asia
Regional co-operation and promotion of industrialization : industrial co-ordination and assessment of manufacturing joint ventures
Borders of the mind : perceptions of the border and the other side in the San Diego-Tijuana region
Developing local democracy : the state and challenges of Finnish local democracy in the postmodern era
Regional co-operation and economic growth strategies
Abstract: Cooperation, integration and transnational regionalization in the Northern Calotte Region.
Russia and the European Union's Northern Dimension : encounter or clash of civilisations?
Denmark : gateway to Baltic Sea region
Accessibility and spatial interaction
The Ostrobothnian model of smart specialisation
Regional trade integration in South East Europe : benefits and challenges : proceedings of international conference
Barents Sea energy resources & regional cooperation : new challenges and opportunities
Lahti highlights : focus on industry and commerce in the Lahti region
Final report : sustainable model for arctic regional tourism (SMART)
Co-operative small-firm networks as factors in regional industrial development
The European North : challenges and opportunities
Kajaani new : the north eastern way for Europe : new Urban Pilot application
India and regional integration in Asia
Regional cooperation organizations in a multipolar world : comparing the Baltic and the Black Sea regions
Construction of transport corridors in the European North : from vertical to horizontal order of regionalisation
Good practice in European urban air quality management
Regional integration and the state : the changing nature of sovereignty in Southern Africa and Europe
Arab economic integration efforts : a critical assessment
Lapland - Murmansk cross-border cooperation references : an overview of cross-border cooperation activity
Report of the First Meeting of Directors of the Network of Aquaculture Centres in Central-Eastern Europe (NACEE) : Szarvas, Hungary, 21-24 November 2004 = Protokol Pervogo soveŝaniâ direktorov seti centrov po akvakul'ture v central'no-vostočnoj Evrope (NACEE) : Sarvaš, Vengriâ, 21-24 noâbrâ 2004 g.
Cross-border collaboration in the North. Viewpoints of municipal representatives and firm managers on the Bothnian Arc project
Cultural heritage co-operation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 6, activities of the monitoring group on cultural heritage in the Baltic Sea states 2009-2011
The vision that became reality : the regional Barents Cooperation 1993-2003
Technical and economic aspects of the establishment of a regional electricity network
International trade : new patterns of trade, production & investment
Finland and environmental problems in Russia and Estonia
ESCWA (1974-1999) : twenty-five years of service to the region's development
How to improve and develop relationships between Turku Polytechnic and region's SMEs
Trivial pursuit? Asian antics in the Arctic : securitization in Northeast Asian power struggle in the context of arctic cooperation
The changing coordinates of trade and power in Latin America : implications for policy space and policy coherence
Regionalism and regional integration in Africa : a debate of current aspects and issues
How deep is your love? : the Baltic brotherhood re-examined
The GMS beyond borders : regional cooperation strategy and program 2004-2008
Cultural cooperation with neighbouring areas : a wide-ranging opportunity
Euregio Egrensis and Päijät-Hämeen liitto - a trans-national network : report on the previous collaboration and the prospects of co-operation
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Interstate relations in Australia
Finnish strategy for operations in the Arctic
Myanmar in ASEAN : regional cooperation experience
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
Regional development in the Nordic countries 2010
The inception of a joint development concept in the Bavaria-Saxonia-Bohemia triangle
Responding to globalization : stock market networking for regional integration in the ESCWA region
Neighbourhood of opportunities : Baltic Palette II : final report
Frontiers of geography : the 20th anniversary of partnership between the Eötvös Loránd Tudományegetem, Budapest and the Ruprecht-Karls-Universität, Heidelberg
This Discussion Paper provides insights into the challenges posed by the proliferation of small arms and light weapons in West Africa, paying particular attention to the ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons as a collective sub-regional response to a potent threat to peace, security and development. It connects global and regional discourses on illicit arms control and provides a balanced, empirical examination of the performance of the convention. It is a useful contribution to debates on arms-proliferation control in Africa and provides well-informed recommendations of interest to scholars, peace activists, policy practitioners and strategists working on peace and security in Africa
Management plan for the Finnish seal populations in the Baltic Sea
Oulu region business strategy 2002-2006
Regional conflict transformation : comprehending and explicating the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC)
The GCC and the international relations of the Gulf : diplomacy, security and economic coordination in a changing Middle East
The maritime cluster in the Baltic Sea region and beyond
The role of regional organizations in the context of climate change : [proceedings of the NATO Advanced Research Workshop held at Paris, France, October 5-8, 1992]
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
The Challenge of sub-regional security in West Africa : the case of the 2006 ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons
Transboundary water resources in the ESCWA region : utilization, management and cooperation
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Patterns of competition and collaboration in the Öresund region
Asian-European relations: building blocks for global governance?
The new international order in East Asia
The new african initiative and the African Union : a preliminary assessment and documentation
Regional cooperation in South Eastern Europe : the effects of regional initiatives : conference proceedings
Politics of development in the Barents region
Russian participatioin in Baltic Sea region-building : a case study of Kaliningrad
Self-organisation and self-management : social development = Samoorganizaciâ i samoupravlenie : social'noe razvitie
Joint implementation and climate change : rationality of joint implementation when energy markets are not well-functioning
Conference on the Barents Euro-Arctic Region Cooperation in the Youth Field, Rovaniemi, Finland 10-12 September 1999 : report = Konferenciâ Evro-Arktičeskogo Regiona Barenceva Sotrudničestvo v sfere Raboty s Molodež'û Rovaniemi, Finlândiâ, s 10 po 12 sentâbrâ 1999 g. : otčet
Moving regional cooperation forward
Summary.
Barents : the Barents Euro-Arctic Region
Perceptions toward the opening of the Finnish-Russian border
Co-operation in action : collaborative initiatives in the world of information
Political boundaries and coexistence : proceedings of the IGU-Symposium, Basle/Switzerland, 24-27 May 1994
Assessing regional integration in Africa 2008 : towards monetary and financial integration in Africa
RECO - regions in collaboration to improve health and quality of life for elderly
The Barents region : cooperation in Arctic Europe
Regional cooperation of cities in the Baltic Sea Area : a semiotic approach to the "new Hansa" metaphor
Bothnian Arc : a region of the future in nothern Europe = en framtidsregion i norra Europa = tulevaisuuden alue pohjoisessa Euroopassa = region buduščego v Severnoj Evrope
Cross-Border Cooperation and interaction between Southeast Finland and its Neighbouring Region of Leningrad Oblast' and St. Petersburg
Financing of Barents cooperation : report of the BEAC ad hoc working group on financial mechanism study
Regionalization in East Asia-Pacific? : an elusive process
Helsinki enhances co-operation in the region of the Gulf of Finland
Informe del Taller sobre factibilidad de establecimiento de una red de cooperación en acuicultura en América latina y el Caribe : Panamá, República de Panama, 6-8 de diciembre de 2004 = Report of the Workshop on the Feasibility of Establishing a Regional Cooperation Network for Aquaculture in Latin America and the Caribbean : Panama, the Republic of Panama, 6-8 December 2004.
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Development of relational bonds in a regional opera cooperation network
Europe's Black Sea dimension
Macroeconomic policy analysis for regional cooperation in the ESCWA region : the effect of real exchange rate variability on intraregional trade
Barents : the Barents Euro-Arctic region
Towards a United States of Africa?: combining Zambian and AU level debate
Regional cooperation and the European integration process : Nordic and Central European experiences : international conference, Budapest, 10-11 March, 1996.
