http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6334 cooperation (general)
cooperation (general)
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
Nordic Council : instruments and achievements : VII International Conference on Regional Cooperation
A survey of environmental monitoring and information management programmes of international organisations
Functional ties - a semi-alliance? : military cooperation in North-West Europe 1944-1947
Small Business Act in practice in the Baltic Sea states
New insights on the role of ecology and life-history in social evolution
20 years of biodiversity conservation : institutional partnership between Metsähallitus of Finland and Forestry Department of Hunan Province, People's Republic of China
Developing Partnership Co-operation in Student Exchange with Italian Universities
Evolution and implementation of multifunctionality-related policies in China and Finland
Developing relationships in business networks
Report of the Jerusalem Meeting of the International Missionary Council, March 24th. - April 8th., 1928. Volume 7, International missionary co-operation
Practices of multidisciplinary collaborative work : wiki document as a boundary object
Barents tourism : action plan (2nd edition)
Bear Meets Dragon  : Experiences of cooperation between Pori region's educational and research and development organizations and China
Guidelines for designing data collection and sharing systems for co-managed fisheries. Part 1, Practical guide
Bulletin : Poland and the European Conference on Security and Co-operation, Selected documents, 1964-1972
Assessment of an International Leader-Project Between Three Local Action Groups From Germany and Finland
International Strategic Alliance Model : - A study of a Finnish construction company, Fira Oy, entering a new market.
Interprofessional course "Public health and interprofessional collaboration" was planned for the first semester medical and health care students by two universities of Oulu, Finland. The course architecture was built on blended methods including lectures, video based workshops, interactive e-learning phase based on family cases with everyday health and wellbeing problems of the family members. The course ended with student conference. All together 1681 students from ten different degree programs participated in the course during the years 2007-2013. In this paper we describe the students' readiness and attitudes towards interprofessional learning (IPL) with RIPLS (Readiness towards interprofessional learning scale) in the beginning of the course and students' feedback and learning experiences at the end of the course using the web based inquiry. The attitudes and readiness towards IPL were evaluated quite positive. The highest RIPLS scores were evaluated in Teamwork and collaboration. The different development of the attitudes between the groups was seen in Roles and responsibilities. In the longitudinal perspective the medical students evaluated all of the subscales lower than the health care students. The scoring stayed in the same level during the years. The difference between the groups was significant. The learning outcomes correlated linearly with students' own activity. Those students, who took actively part in web and group discussions learned most. Family cases helped them to get the big picture of the service system. Based on students feedback participative methods gradually replaced the traditionally methods like lectures during the years. The learning outcomes were evaluated relatively good.
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
Libraries @ Barents : communicative and active! : 19th Barents library conference : proceedings
Good practice in European urban air quality management
East-West business collaboration : the challenge of governance in post-socialist enterprises
The beginning
Knowledge, power, and international policy coordination
Collaborative branding
Dynamics of collaboration : the case of Finnish and American aerosol research groups
Show me your brain! : stories of interdisciplinary knowledge creation in practice : experiences and observations from Aalto Design Factory, Finland
Deep space and terrestrial problems
Earth Summit +5 : special session of the General Assembly to review and appraise the implementation of Agenda 21, New York, 23-27 June 1997
Central Balticum Entrepreneurship Interaction (CB Entreint) project : entrepreneurship education best practices from the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, insights from the CB Entreint project study trips
Victim without a face
The Lutheran world federation
UNIDO : an experiment in international industrial co-operation
Developing partnership co-operation in student exchange with Italian Universities
Europartenariat Nordrhein-Westfalen 1995 : Dortmund, 20th/21st March 1995 : a European Commission initiative
THL international news
Directory of external sources of financing available for industrial projects in developing countries
On the economic nature of cooperation
Communication, relationships and care : a reader
Shared agency and collaboration between the family and professionals in medical rehabilitation of children with severe disabilities
How organizations act together : interorganizational coordination in theory and practice
The Bolashak Fellowship program in HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Finland 2013-2014
Tracing new orbits : cooperation and competition in global satellite development
Multiagency collaboration is seen as an essential way of working to promote the two-way integration of newcomers and a receiving society. The term multiagency collaboration underlines the diversity of actors in cooperation. Cross-sectorial networks are mentioned in higher strategies as well as in the local programmes or plans for action. But how is multiagency work structured at the local level? This article looks at the examples of multiagency collaboration in the written documents of local integration programmes in the Finnish context. The examples are chosen from different areas. It seems that collaboration is widely emphasized as a goal or a working method. Whereas expertise in integration work is relatively novel in Finland, more analytical awareness of multiagency collaboration could support learning in networks and developing hybrid practices in this emerging field of knowledge.
Communism and co-existence
Drops of life
Conference on the Barents Euro-Arctic Region Cooperation in the Youth Field, Rovaniemi, Finland 10-12 September 1999 : report = Konferenciâ Evro-Arktičeskogo Regiona Barenceva Sotrudničestvo v sfere Raboty s Molodež'û Rovaniemi, Finlândiâ, s 10 po 12 sentâbrâ 1999 g. : otčet
UNCED United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro 3.-14.6.1992 : agenda 21.
What future for Barents cooperation?
Collaborate : the art of we
Moving mosaic : exploring collegial collaboration as a way of indentifying and transforming the culture of dance teaching
Abstract: Developing Partnership Co-operation in Student Exchange with Italian Universities
Physician-Nurse Relationship : Nurses' perception in internal medicine and surgical units
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Identification of characteristics for successful university-company partnership development
Talking Barents : people, borders and regional cooperation
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Partnership working : policy and practice
Funding patterns for European cultural co-operation
State of the Arctic strategies and policies : a summary
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
Recreating relationships : collaboration and educational reform
Catching up with competitiveness in emerging markets : an analysis of the role of the firm's technology management strategies
Global networks of mediation : prospects and avenues for Finland as a peacemaker
Measuring angels
International management of the Atlantic salmon fishery in the Baltic Sea
Export of Education by Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : Reflections on best practices
Cooperation between Higher Education Institutions and Businesses
National occupational safety and health profile of Finland
Knjižnični kalejdoskop = Librarian kaleidoscope : knjižnične pobratenih mest i njihovo medkulturano sodelovanje = libraries of twin towns and their intercultural cooperation : Ptuj, Aranđelovac, Saint-Cyr-sur-Loire, Burghausen, Banská Štavnica, Varaždin, Ohrid
United Nations Educational, scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) : creating norms for a complex world
The Longitudinal Study of Medical and Health Care  Students' Experiences and Attitudes Towards  Interprofessional Learning in First Semester Course
Knowledge for health and welfare : news from THL International Affairs Unit
Collisions and collaboration : the organization of learning in the ATLAS experiment at the LHC
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
In search for the best alliance structure between banks and insurance companies
Grassroots success! : preparing schools and families for each other
University jubilees : a new research area in the history of universities
Campaign guide : management leadership and worker participation in occupational safety and health
How to reform the UN climate negotiations? : perspectives from the past, present and neighbour negotiations
Stakeholder relations in macro-regional science cooperation : case study : Stakeholder analysis for BONUS joint research and development programme
eHealth as a facilitator of transnational cooperation on health : a report from the interreg III B project "eHealth for regions"
Innovation competencies development : INCODE barometer and user guide
Towards a Baltic Europe : The 7th Baltic conference on intellectual cooperation, Riga, 1999
Scientific cooperation, state conflict : the roles of scientists in mitigating internationa discord
The development and management of interpersonal trust in a business network in health, exercise, and wellbeing markets
Transcending boundaries : library co-operation in Barents Euro-Arctic region benefits all participating countries
Since it first appeared, this book has achieved a classic status. Reprinted many times since its publication, it remains the only work that looks in detail at the political issues posed by global warming. This new edition has been thoroughly updated and provides a state-of-the-art discussion of the most formidable challenge humanity faces this century. If climate change goes unchecked, the consequences are likely to be catastrophic for human life on earth. Yet for most people and for many policy-makers too, it tends to be a back-of-the-mind issue. We recognize its importance and even its urgency, but for the most part it is swamped by more immediate concerns. Political action and intervention on local, national and international levels are going to have a decisive effect on whether or not we can limit global warming as well as how we adapt to that already occurring. However, at the moment, argues Giddens, we do not have a systematic politics of climate change. Politics-as-usual won't allow us to deal with the problems we face, while the recipes of the main challenger to orthodox politics, the green movement, are flawed at source. Giddens introduces a range of new concepts and proposals to fill in the gap, and examines in depth the connections between climate change and energy security.
International film cooperation inside the Baltic Sea Region and with Japan
How to market Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences and increase its competitiveness in Chinese market in order to attract more Chinese degree students.
Forever a pilot? : assessing the policy dialogue and project-based cooperation in energy efficiency between the EU and Russia
Bargaining power, management control and performance in international joint ventures : development and test of a negotiations model
The foreign aid business : economic assistance and development co-operation
Collaborative entrepreneurship : how communities of networked firms use continuous innovation to create economic wealth
Co-operation in action : collaborative initiatives in the world of information
Barents Rescue 2007, Saariselkä, Finland : seminar publication
Teacher training in the Baltic States : Nordic plan of action
Parent, student and teacher collaboration : the power of three
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Internationalization plan for Nopankylä
The maritime cluster in the Baltic Sea region and beyond
10 Jahre ISV-ISC : Internationaler Strukturvergleich von Forschungszentren = 10 years ISC-ISV : International Structural Comparison of Research Centres
Today greater responsibilities are being put on regions to shape their own future. Thus, different kinds of regional collaboration arenas have emerged and an increasing number of regional collaboration projects are now crossing both county and nation borders. The object of interest in this study is the Bothnian Arc project. This project involves municipalities on the Swedish and the Finnish side of the Gulf of Bothnia. The aim has been to analyse opinions and experiences of Swedish actors regarding the Bothnian Arc as a region-strengthening project. The article is based on interviews with fourteen municipality representatives and a questionnaire answered by approximately 300 firm managers within the Bothnian Arc area.The Bothnian Arc is essentially a political project and this study shows that the policy creating institutions have not succeeded in transferring ideas and objectives to firms within the area. In fact, only 30 per cent of the firm managers were familiar with the project. More concrete projects adapted to firm interests were required by a few of the municipality representatives. Moreover, the municipalities closest to the Finnish border are more active and involved both on municipal and firm level. This tendency is primarily due to already existing traditions of collaboration with Finnish actors.
All or nothing : avoiding inefficient compromise in international cooperation
Juda de luobo = The giant turnip
Outline of the Bonus-169 Joint Baltic Sea Research Programme : strategic development 2010-2011 & implementation 2012-2016
New challenges and global problems in the Arctic
Abstract: Cooperation, integration and transnational regionalization in the Northern Calotte Region.
What is the role of a cluster in the business co-operation development?
The functional fit between collaborative software and network systems : qualification of work system needs to software functionality
1001 - a collection and a questionnaire for Minimarket AB Stockholm
Bear meets Dragon : Cooperation and cross-cultural communication between the companies from Northern Satakunta and People's republic of China
999 tadpoles find a new home
Teamwork in operating room nursing : conceptual perspective and Finnish, British and American nurses' and nursing students' experiences
An introduction to instructional services in academic libraries
Fireweed, roseroot, Bergenia and chokeberry : joint research for supporting the herb production
Neighbourhood of opportunities : Baltic Palette II : final report
Abstract: Strategic alliance is considered today as a natural and common alternative to employ when a firm plans to enter a new market with a stable and secure basis. In fact strategic alliance is more preferred entry option compared to acquisitions around the world across all industries. In alliances, like in all international operations there are risks, however many theorists as well as companies have understood the value of operating with a partner. Fira Oy (further referred to as 'Fira'), a construction firm in Finland has realised the potential in new markets and has decided to execute this prospect through strategic alliance with a local partner. Fira has done market research particularly in the Swedish market. It is a usual path for a Finnish company to expand its operations into the neighbouring economy. Alliances have been studied theoretically and practically for years, yet still no clear model for success exists. This research ties the theoretical points of view with practise together to advice Fira in entering a new market through strategic alliance. The framework for the research is organised in the following manner: Different theoretical strategic alliance modes are compared to find the most suitable for Fira and its operations. The second part of the research is to construct a partner profile by analysing the strategic and cultural characteristics of Fira. A cultural analysis is conducted to show the viewpoint of the employees toward Fira's company culture. From the results a partner culture fitting Fira is identified. The profile includes the strategic goals as well as the strategic capabilities the partner has to have. The strategic capabilities are discovered through a value chain analysis. Furthermore, the complementary capabilities to be performed by the partner for the alliance are determined. The final part of this research is risk in alliances. As mentioned above, there is risk in all international operations. In alliances companies often think it is reduced by half since the partner is responsible for half of the risk. However, risks often increase in other operational and environmental elements, making the risk factor one of the most significant factors to be considered when entering an alliance. The objective of this research is to construct a strategic alliance model for Fira, a construction business entering the Swedish market. The framework forms a basis for any international strategic alliance Fira considers to join in the future.
A development plan for an international partner network : case Jyväskylä Regional Development Company JYKES Ltd
European area of recognition manual : practical guidelines for fair recognition of qualifications
Building a Collaborative Network for Smooth Market Penetration for Finnish Bioenergy Companies in Africa : Case: MHG Systems Oy/Feedstock Optimum Ltd
Rural tourism and sustainable business
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Euroregions and environmental crossborder co-operation : a case of the Euregio Bayerischer Wald/Šumava/Mühlviertel
Forest Research Capacity Strengthening in Mozambique 2012-2015 (FORECAS) : report of an Institutional Cooperation Instrument (ICI) project
An immigrant nurse is our colleague : how to develop the language and culture in multicultural nursing
Employment and human rights : the international dimension
The challenge to multilateralism : a time for renewal : views and recommendations of the Committee for Development Planning
Ministry of the Environment of Finland co-operation in Central and Eastern Europe 2002.
When municipalities lead co-production : Lessons from a Danish case study
Managing global alliances : key steps for successful collaboration
Educational innovation in Kazakhstan : the case of Bolashak Finland
Fostering the relationship between home and school : a case study of a senior secondary school in the Gambia
Transformational outcomes of civil society organizations
Dynamic cooperative electricity exchange in a power pool
The internal analyses of the development of Pori L&T's partnership with a local company : opinnäytetyö
Exploring co-creation of educational videos in an international collaborative context
ASEAN : an overview
International Strategic Alliance Model : A study of a Finnish construction company, Fira Oy, entering a new market
International trade : new patterns of trade, production & investment
Technological research for a better future : the 4th Research Forum of Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Parents' perceptions and experiences of home and school cooperation in English teaching in the secondary school
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Academic-business models of co-operation
Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Collaboration in Discontinuous Innovation in the Construction Industry
Co-creating understanding of the role of senses in magazine paper selection
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
Participative leadership practice in junior high schools and actions to improve the practice : a case study of Sekyere south district, Ghana
Denmark : gateway to Baltic Sea region
Dev numa shaljam = The giant turnip
Collaboration in online communities : exploring Finnish Wikipedia
Development of a tourism network within Finnish-Russian cross-border co-operation
Emerging Joint Expertise? Multiagency Collaboration Described in Local Integration Programmes in Finland
Reflections on creating an international virtual benchmarking model for authentic e-learning : crossing boundaries and breaking down barriers
Supporting service innovation via evaluation : a future oriented, systemic and multi-actor approach
Parents and their children's schools
Perspectives on value creation and coopetition
The least developed countries report 2011 : the potential role of South-South cooperation for inclusive and sustainable development
Startup communities : building an entrerpreneurial ecosystem in your city
Conclusions of the 4th Conference on Baltic Sea States Subregional Co-operation BSSSC, Vaasa, Finland, 17-18th October 1996.
Export of education by Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : reflections on best practices
Handbook of library cooperation
Teamwork in primary health care
O nabo gigante = The giant turnip
Residential child care : collaborative practice
The Role of Networking in Weekly Program Production : Case RTG Active
Developing an International Network for Demola's Open Innovation Environment
"South-south" remittance -poverty reduction nexus : the case of "Hadiya" immigrants in South Africa, as agents of "constituency development" in Ethiopia, and the policy implications of their "remittance instrument"
COOPERATION BETWEEN ORGANIZATIONS AND THEIR SERVICES
Better Life with Energy and Intelligence Technology : The Third Research Forum of Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
EU-Russia cooperation : mutual benefits for SMEs in framework programs
Development of cooperation in Latin America : Collaboration in education, research and business - opening up new opportunities
International business-relationship triads : a study of the changing role of the intermediating actor
Training students in "problems worth solving" : case Global Venture Lab Finland
Britain and the United States : problems in co-operation
Working together for better integration : immigrants, police and social work
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Social Service Entrepreneurship As a Context for Entrepreneurial Activity
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Use cases for operational decision support system
Interprofessional education in the Universities of Oulu
Service marketing channel relationships : bonds, outcomes and characteristics
Skills in collaborative classroom consultation
Co-operation and communication between Aslemetals Oy and Westfalia Mineraloil Systems GmbH
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
Collaboration in practice : a study of language teacher collaboration
Norden - making a difference? : possibilities for enhanced Nordic cooperation in international affairs : the Norden 2020 project report
In recent years, many Finnish universities of applied sciences (UAS) have engaged in systematic development of their educational expertise and services by adapting them for global education markets. The export of education has been acknowledged as its own sphere of operations, which is not only reliant on top-quality education but also requires new skills and competences, as well as novel mindsets, from the actors in higher education institutions. This publication, initiated by the international committee of the Rector's Conference of Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (Arene), gathers UASs' experiences of education export so far, while also providing ideas regarding future aims and expectations for operations in the field. The articles in this publication have been drawn up by 52 education experts representing 13 Finnish UASs, as well as their important interest groups and cooperation partners. These articles not only provide thorough descriptions of the organisation of education export activities within the UASs' structures, they also describe the implementation and delivery of cooperation activities, solutions and services to customers around the world. Moreover, the texts indicate the various areas within which Finnish UASs have been able to productise and sell their education.
International virtual teamwork offers new opportunities for the professional development of teachers. In this paper, we examine the initial experiences in an ongoing international virtual benchmarking project coordinated by the Finnish Online University of Applied Sciences. What challenges does an international context present for project construction and collaboration? Data from five countries, in the form of participant reflections and researchers' observations, were analysed according to four types of barriers: language, time, technical and mental barriers. Initial data indicates that trust is an essential starting point, as there is neither time nor possibilities to build mutual trust by traditional means. Organisational confidentiality issues, however, can complicate the situation. The project introduces 'collision' as a method of professional development, in which not only physical and organisational borders are crossed, but also mental barriers, as skills and competencies needed in global learning environments are acquired.
Evga Japan co-operation report : Ochanomizu research visit 2014
Regulatory co-operation for an interdependent world
Librarians as community partners : an outreach handbook
Overcoming economic disorder : international action for recovery and development : views and recommendations of the Committee for Development Planning
The role of the principal's instructional leadership at schools in Indonesia
Main themes of forthcoming conferences and priority areas for European action and co-operation in the field of education : report
Small firms, technical services and inter-firm cooperation
The politics of climate change
Economic theories of international environmental cooperation
Euregio Egrensis and Päijät-Hämeen liitto - a trans-national network : report on the previous collaboration and the prospects of co-operation
Collaboration between non-governmental organizations and educational leaders in capacity development in rural South Africa
Schools and business : a new partnership
Shalgham-i ghul paykar = The giant turnip
The West-Nordic region in Nordic co-operation : report
Best practices for co-operation between vocational education and nature-based enterprises : Envolwe (Nature Based Entrepreneurs and Vocational Education Training Providers Learning and Working Together), best practice report
The Ostrobothnian model of smart specialisation
Getting along with Gulliver : a review of Finnish-German relations
Is the West doing enough for Eastern Europe?
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
BRANDING AN ATHLETE AND CREATING STRATEGIC SPONSORSHIP CO-OPERATION RELATIONSHIPS – CASE CARINA KETONEN
Towards Competence-based Practices in Vocational  Education : What Will the Process Require from  Teacher Education and Teacher Identities?
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
Abstract: The internal analyses of the development of Pori L&T's partnership with a local company.
The socio-economic impact of transnational corporation on mining community and artisanal small-scale miners : a case study of Mererani Tanzania
Teacher to teacher : learning from each other
The Arctic Council : its place in the future of Arctic governance
Diaconal workers : alongsiders or dumpsters?
Relationships in food chains : an empirical examination of trust, commitment and communication
The following paper introduces an innovative international collaboration in teacher education held in 2014. This event, described as an educational video challenge, was organized as a 72 hour, hackathon-style educational experience in which university-level students worked together in teams to co-create educational videos. The objective of the challenge event was to encourage teacher students to explore the design and use of educational videos for use in their teaching practice. The challenge was simultaneously held at three universities in Finland, Austria and Germany and culminated in the screening of completed student-generated videos. The majority of videos produced during the event were trigger videos, while findings from a preliminary assessment conducted with participants suggest that an educational video challenge format shows promise as an effective method for enhancing skills associated with teaching through video and engaging participants in dialogue connected to practice.
Nissan Nordic Europe  ́s business relationships with their Baltic dealers
Combi2011 : conference proceedings
Global institutions and the HIV/AIDS epidemic : responding to an international crisis
Guidelines for designing data collection and sharing systems for co-managed fisheries. Part 2, Technical guidelines
Competence-based education refers to the integration of knowledge,  skills, attitudes and interactivity as the intended outcomes of learning. It  makes use of lifelong learning and lifelike tasks in realistic settings and  requires the cooperation of teachers. This research was prompted by the  desire to explain why collegial cooperation often seems to be problematic  in schools and universities. Are there certain social structures or  behavioural patterns that influence the cooperative culture in teacher  communities? The research material was collected in 2013 and 2014 in  Oulu, Finland. The target groups were both newly qualified and experienced  vocational teachers at all educational levels (N=30). The data collection  methods were open questions in interviews and questionnaires.  The research approach and analysis methods were qualitative. The theoretical  background is in humanistic-cognitive and experiential learning  as well as in dynamic epistemic conceptions. The findings show that the  prevailing model in teacher communities is individualistic, disciplinedivided  and course-based, especially among older teachers. The obstacles  refer to teachers' self-image and a deeply rooted fear of criticism  or revelation of incompetence. The promoters of cooperation were connected  to the changing practices and desire of sharing with colleagues.
Politics of development in the Barents region
New sites, new methods : proceedings of the Finnish-Russian archaeological symposium
Business Plan for Establishing A Sauna Club in Lu'an, China
What is it that makes some children bully and some become victims? What can you do if despite your best efforts, a child keeps on taunting another? What steps can you take before communicating with parents and what will you say? The practice of bullying endures in all schools today. Despite the implementation of bullying policies, parents and staff can be equally perplexed: not really understanding what they have or haven't done to allow it to happen. Christine Macintyre explores this highly emotive topic, asking why as many as one in 12 school children are bullying victims, and will show in a highly practical way, what can be done to support the children and help staff improve their own practice. This book will provide help and guidance on: enhancing the self-esteem of the affected children, showing how new-found confidence will enable children to offset the effects of being bullied or indeed being a bully; how to tell parents their child is bullying or being bullied, and how to build up a meaningful and mutually supportive relationship with them; and, creating a learning environment that prevents the desire for children to bully. Based on case studies giving first hand accounts of real-life situations, and evaluations of strategies that have been tried and tested, this book suggests fresh and inspiring ways of tackling a problem faced by many practitioners today.
A french partner for Oulu
Fører og vejviser i København og omegn = Führer und wegweiser durch Kopenhagen und seine umgebung = A guide to Copenhagen and its environs = Guide pour Copenhague et ses environs
Bear meets dragon : Cooperation between the companies from Pori region and People's Republic of China
Developing global citizenship online : an authentic alternative to overseas clinical placement
The Barents region : why and for whom? : the Barents Euro-Arctic region as an example of regionalization
Britain and West Germany : changing societies and the future of foreign policy
Parents and teachers. 1, Perspectives on home-school relations
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Advantages and disadvantages of international  contract manufacturing : The opportunities for Finnish companies in Russia
The Northern countrys in world economy : Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden
Internal Communication and Network Operators
The United Nations crime prevention and criminal justice program : formulation of standards and efforts at their implementation
Cross-border collaboration in the North. Viewpoints of municipal representatives and firm managers on the Bothnian Arc project
Co-Creating a Tourism Product: Case St. Lapland
Working across boundaries : collaboration in public services
Multidisciplinary approach to develop energy efficiency in the Barents region
Report from ICARP-III planning meeting
New era for development cooperation : case: Finland and Viet Nam
Planning the Implementation of Moodle eLearning system in some African institutions
Metla Bulletin : newsletter of the Finnish forest research institute
InnoPreneurship 21 : creation of entrepreneurial cross-border competence in Northern Scandinavia : interreg IVA Nord Final Report
Teenibkii weynaa = The giant turnip
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
The future of European political cooperation : essays on theory and practice
Cross-border Cooperation in Barents Tourism: Insights from Finnish Lapland
Bilateral transfers and lending in international environmental cooperation
The evolution of cooperation
