http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6344 preachers
preachers
The anthropology of religious charisma : ecstasies and institutions
American Negro folktales
Qoheleth : a commentary
Cernoe Solnce Kogelet = The black sun of Koheleth
"Theodore Parker (1810-1860) was one of the most influential preachers and abolitionists in 19th-century Boston. For his fight against the decay of the American society at the time of slavery as well as clerical and political corruption, his most important weapon was his effective use of language. This book contains a survey of Parker's rhetoric and the role of proverbs and proverbial expressions in political oratory in general that is followed by a detailed analysis of Parker's proverbial rhetoric in many of his speeches, sermons, and letters"--Back cover.
The vitality of enjoyment in Qohelet's theological rhetoric
Shepherd boy becomes spiritual elder
Symbol and rhetoric in Ecclesiastes : the place of Hebel in Qohelet's work
Cosmology and character : Qoheleth's pedagogy from a rhetorical-critical perspective
Qoheleth and its pessimistic theology : hermeneutical struggles in Wisdom literature
Theodore Parker
Preaching and political society : from Late Antiquity to the end of the Middle Ages = depuis l'Antiquité tardive jusqu'à la fin du Moyen Âge
Global and local televangelism
A time to tear down and a time to build up : a rereading of Ecclesiastes
George Whitefield and the great awakening
Saints, sinners, and the God of the world : the Hartford sermon notebook transcribed, 1679-1680
The Anchor Bible. Vol. 18C, Ecclesiastes
The religious folk sermon as a persuasive narrative in Finland
Gipsy Smith : his life and work
The short day dying
M. R. De Haan: the man and his ministry
The reason for being : a meditation on Ecclesiastes
THE LIFE OF GENERAL BOOTH
Charisma and religious authority : Jewish, Christian, and Muslim preaching, 1200-1500
The Cambridge companion to Jonathan Edwards
Those preaching women : a multicultural collection
Third culture kids' career choices and mission call
Women preaching revolution : calling for connection in a disconnected time
David Martyn Lloyd-Jones : the fight of faith 1939-1981
Faith and autobiography : the autobiographical works of Cornelia ten Boom
Spurgeon : prince of preachers
Billy Sunday and the redemption of urban America
Scripta historica. 2
D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones : letters 1919-1981
Royal autobiography in the Book of Qoheleth
Whitefield the evangelist
The gendered pulpit : preaching in American Protestant spaces
Angels and earthly creatures : preaching, performance, and gender in the later middle ages
Constructing the medieval sermon
Preacher, sermon and audience in the Middle Ages
Discourse in ethnomusicology. 2, A tribute to Alan P. Merriam
The objective of this paper is to describe the survey on third culture kids' (TCKs') career choices and mission call. The survey aimed to find out how international childhood has influenced the choices of education and profession, how many third culture kids choose a missionary career, and which factors contribute to those choices. The data is based on responses of 48 Finnish and American adult missionary kids. The theoretical background is derived from studies on third culture kids, interviews, and biographies. It suggests that the years spent abroad have a significant impact on adult third culture kids' life choices. The survey results confirm that. The third culture kids have higher education than their peers and most pursue a college or university degree. Most third culture kids choose a profession with an international dimension and practical application abroad. Almost half of the missionary kids wish to become or have become missionaries themselves, and another third wishes to live and work abroad..
Tuomas Jäntti : western highways : for one person : Canada-USA
In the blood
Qoheleth : a Continental commentary
The Old Testament library. Ecclesiastes : a commentary
The reading and preaching of the Scriptures in the worship of the Christian church. Volume 7, Our own time
Mikkeli 1986 : the seventh theological conversations between the Evangelical-Lutheran Church of Finland and the Russian Orthodox Church, Mikkeli, June 3rd-11th 1986
Humanism, scholasticism, and the theology and preaching of Domenico de' Domenichi in the Italian Renaissance
In pursuit of God : the life of A.W. Tozer
The Anchor Bible. [Vol. 18], Proverbs, Ecclesiastes
Sleeping preachers : a study in ecstatic religiosity
Original sin and everyday Protestants : the theology of Reinhold Niebuhr, Billy Graham, and Paul Tillich in an age of anxiety
Ada's rules : a sexy skinny novel
Ten decades of ulama's struggle
Baron Paul Nicolay : (a biography) : Christian statesman and student leader in Northern and Slavic Europe
Santu Mofokeng : stories. 1, Train church
The art of the American folk preacher
The divine dramatist : George Whitefield and the rise of modern Evangelism
Holy mavericks : evangelical innovators and the spiritual marketplace
"Resistance to tyrants is obedience to god" : Theodore Parker's proverbial fight for the ideal American society
The cross and the switchblade
Paisley : religion and politics in Northern Ireland
Sing in the morning, cry at night
Studies in oral narrative
Convincing one's self and other people : the case of trance preacher Helena Konttinen
The salvation
Wisdom literature : Job, Proverbs, Ruth, Canticles, Ecclesiastes and Esther
In the years following World War II, American Protestantism experienced tremendous growth, but conventional wisdom holds that midcentury Protestants practiced an optimistic, progressive, complacent, and materialist faith. In Original Sin and Everyday Protestants, historian Andrew Finstuen argues against this prevailing view, showing that theological issues in general--and the ancient Christian doctrine of original sin in particular--became newly important to both the culture at large and to a generation of American Protestants during a postwar "age of anxiety" as the Cold War took root. Finstuen focuses on three giants of Protestant thought--Billy Graham, Reinhold Niebuhr, and Paul Tillich--men who were among the era's best known public figures. He argues that each thinker's strong commitment to the doctrine of original sin was a powerful element of the broad public influence that they enjoyed. Drawing on extensive correspondence from everyday Protestants, the book captures the voices of the people in the pews, revealing that the ordinary, rank-and-file Protestants were indeed thinking about Christian doctrine and especially about "good" and "evil" in human nature. Finstuen concludes that the theological concerns of ordinary American Christians were generally more complicated and serious than is commonly assumed, correcting the view that postwar American culture was becoming more and more secular from the late 1940s through the 1950s. - Publisher.
Rogier van der Weyden : At. Luke drawing the virgin : selected essays in context
To every thing there is a season
The war of the end of the world
Ecclesiastes through the centuries
Before the king's majesty : Lancelot Andrewes and his writings
Blasphemy
Charles Grandison Finney, 1792-1875 : revivalist and reformer
Martyn Lloyd-Jones, preacher
Godless : how an Evangelical preacher became one of America's leading atheists
The preacher
Living under the sun : examination of Proverbs and Qoheleth
A study in spiritual power
Black itinerants of the Gospel : the narratives of John Jea and George White
My Name Is Red
The confessionalist homiletics of Lucas Osiander (1534-1604) : a study of a South-German Lutheran preacher in the age of confessionalization
Some wild visions : autobiographies by female itinerant evangelists in 19th-century America
Angus Buchan's ordinary people
Preaching like a woman
The sacred anointing : the preaching of Dr. Martyn Lloyd-Jones
The legacy of Billy Graham : critical reflections on America's greatest evangelist
Blessed : a history of the American prosperity gospel
Preaching and preachers
Global mufti : the phenomenon of Yusuf al-Qaradawi
Proverbs, Ecclesiastes : introduction, translation, and notes
African teachers on the colonial frontier : Tswana evangelists and their communities during the nineteenth century
Faith like potatoes : the story of a farmer who risked everything for God
There will be blood
Swaggart : the unauthorized biography of an American evangelist
Communities of the converted : Ukrainians and global evangelism
They called him Mister Moody
Against the tide : the story of Watchman Nee
Transcendency and symbols in the Old Testament : a genealogy of the hermeneutical experiences
Billy Graham. the authorised biography
David Martyn Lloyd-Jones : the first forty years, 1899-1939
Jonathan Edwards at home and abroad : historical memories, cultural movements, global horizons
America's pastor : Billy Graham and the shaping of a nation
Popular preaching and religious authority in the medieval Islamic Near East
