http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6343 clergy
clergy
The family life of Ralph Josselin, a seventeenth-century clergyman : an essay in historical anthropology
The parish clergy in nineteenth-century Russia : crisis, reform, counter-reform
The fifth gospel
Friars' tales : thirteenth-century exempla from the British Isles : selected sources
Between Sardis and Philadelphia : the life and world of Pietist court preacher Conrad Bröske
Ministry issues for the Church of England : mapping the trends
The secular clergy in England, 1066-1216
This is the gripping story of the American army chaplain sent to save the souls of the Nazis incarcerated at Nuremberg. Lutheran minister Henry Gerecke was fifty years old when he enlisted as an army chaplain during World War II. As two of his three sons faced danger and death on the battlefield, he tended to the battered bodies and souls of wounded and dying GIs outside London. But at the close of the European theater, with Hitler defeated and scores of American troops returning home to resume their lives, he received his most challenging assignment: he was sent to Nuremberg to minister to the twenty-one imprisoned Nazi leaders awaiting trial for crimes against humanity. This work unearths groundbreaking new research and compelling firsthand accounts to take us deep inside the Nuremberg Palace of Justice, into the very cells of the accused and the courtroom where they answered to the world for their crimes. Never before in modern history had man accomplished mass slaughter with such precision. These twenty-one Nazis had sat at the right hand of Adolf Hitler; Hermann Goering, Albert Speer, Wilhelm Keitel, Hans Frank, and Ernst Kaltenbrunner were the orchestrators, and in some cases the direct perpetrators, of the most methodical genocide in history. As the drama leading to the court's final judgments unfolds, the author brings Henry Gerecke's impossible moral quandary to life: How, having risked his own life (and those of his sons) to eliminate the Nazi threat, could he now win the confidence of these men? In the months after the war ended, Gerecke had visited Dachau. He had touched the walls of the camp's crematorium. He had seen the consequences of the choices these men had made, the orders they had given and carried out. As he worked to form compassionate relationships with them, how could he preach the gospel of mercy, knowing full well the devastating nature of the atrocities they had committed? And as the day came nearer when he had to escort these men to the gallows, what comfort could he offer and what promises of salvation could he make "to evil itself" Detailed, harrowing, and emotionally charged, this is an incisive history of the Nuremberg trials as well as a nuanced reflection on the nature of morality and sin, the price of empathy, and the limits of forgiveness.
A great deal of scholarship has too often juxtaposed scholasticism and piety, resulting in misunderstandings of the relationship between Protestant churches of the early modern era and the theology taught in their schools. But more recent scholarship, especially conducted by Richard A. Muller over the last number of decades, has remapped the lines of continuity and discontinuity in the relation of church and school. This research has produced a more methodologically nuanced and historically accurate representation of church and school in early modern Protestantism. Written by leading scholars of early modern Protestant theology and history and based on research using the most relevant original sources, this collection seeks to broaden our understanding of how and why clergy were educated to serve the church. Contributors include: Yuzo Adhinarta, Willem van Asselt, Irena Backus, Jordan J. Ballor, J. Mark Beach, Andreas Beck, Joel R. Beeke, Lyle D. Bierma, Raymond A. Blacketer, James E. Bradley, Dariusz M. Bryćko, Amy Nelson Burnett, Emidio Campi, Heber Carlos de Campos Jr, Kiven Choy, R. Scott Clark, Paul Fields, John V. Fesko, Paul Fields, W. Robert Godfrey, Alan Gomes, Albert Gootjes, Chad Gunnoe, Aza Goudriaan, Fred P. Hall, Byung-Soo (Paul) Han, Nathan A. Jacobs, Frank A. James III, Martin Klauber, Henry Knapp, Robert Kolb, Mark J. Larson, Brian J. Lee, Karin Maag, Benjamin T.G. Mayes, Andrew M. McGinnis, Paul Mpindi, Adriaan C. Neele, Godfried Quaedtvlieg, Sebastian Rehnman, Todd Rester, Gregory D. Schuringa, Herman Selderhuis, Donald Sinnema, Keith Stanglin, David Steinmetz, David Sytsma, Yudha Thianto, John L. Thompson, Carl Trueman, Theodore G. Van Raalte, Cornelis Venema, Timothy Wengert, Reita Yazawa, Jeongmo Yoo, and Jason Zuidema.
Clergy divided : Clerical influence on politics in the First Kingdom of Jerusalem the nontemporary Latin view
The renewal of the priesthood : modernity and traditionalism in a South Indian temple
Pastors in transition : why clergy leave local church ministry
The living reminder : service and prayer in memory of Jesus Christ
Newsletters from the archpresbyterate of George Birkhead
Whether they leave out of preference for another ministry or due to serious conflict, pastors who relinquish parish ministry face misunderstanding and even hostility. Pastors in Transition brings clarity to this little-examined aspect of the pastorate by examining the main reasons why pastors in five Protestant denominations have left parish ministry. The fruit of careful sociological research, Pastors in Transition presents the findings of the largest-ever study of recently ended ministries. More than 900 ex-ministers, representing the Assemblies of God, the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod, the Presbyterian Church (USA), and the United Methodist Church, were surveyed or interviewed. Besides gathering facts and figures, the book contains personal stories, forthright opinions, and concrete recommendations from former pastors for strengthening parish ministry in the future.
Clergymen in Jane Austen's novels
Pagan priests : religion and power in the ancient world
Revolution and grassroots : re-evaluations of Russian orthodoxy : parish clergy and peasants of Voronezh province, 1905-1917
Men of cloth - men of state : the clerical politicians in the "Europe between" in the interwar years
God's ambassadors : a history of the Christian clergy in America
Opus Dei : an investigation into the secret society struggling for power within the Roman Catholic Church
Mission, ministry, order : reading the tradition in the present context
This volume includes a wide range of papers that explore individual and institutional aspects of religion from a social-science perspective. The special section has articles from research groups in Europe, the USA and Australia on clergy work-related psychological health, stress, burnout and coping strategies. The general papers include studies on coping strategies among Buddhists, gender differences in response to church decline, teenage participation in religion, social capital among Friends of Cathedrals, psychological profiles of clergy, education effects on Roman Catholic deacons, and an analysis of prayer requests. Together these papers form a valuable collection indicating the depth and vibrancy of research in these fields.
The priests of ancient Egypt
The clergy in the medieval world : secular clerics, their families and careers in north-western Europe, c. 800-c. 1200
Straining at the oars : case studies in pastoral leadership
The origin of priesthood
Without benefit of clergy : women and the pastoral relationship in nineteenth-century American culture
Isidore of Seville : De ecclesiasticis officiis
Negotiating clerical identities : priests, monks and masculinity in the Middle Ages
Martin Luther : renegade and prophet
Entering a clerical career at the Roman Curia, 1458-1471
Clerical celibacy in the West: c.1100-1700
Peasant perspectives of clerical debauchery in post-Emancipation Russia
The Barchester chronicles
Charles Wesley and the struggle for Methodist identity
A common complaint of recent seminary graduates is their lack of preparation in practical theology, especially in the tasks of leadership. New pastors encounter a host of challenges that can seem overwhelming.Biblically oriented, wise, and reassuring, Dana Fearon presents twenty-one difficult situations that young ministers are likely to face on the job, including prayer in the hospital room, a request to baptize a dead infant, handling conflict and criticism, entering dangerous areas to reconcile hostile groups, and others. As part of his discussion, Fearon presents and reviews his own response to such situations, using his theological education and long experience in church ministry to instruct others.
This volume explores how the relationship between confraternities and the clergy negotiated the boundaries of religious space in the late medieval and early modern periods. Who owns the spaces of religion? Does the question matter, or even make sense? Modern distinctions between sacred and secular spheres tend to assume that clergy dominate the former, and lay people the latter. A man or woman living in the early modern period might not have been so sure. They would have thought more immediately of things of heaven and things of earth, and would have seen each as the concern of clergy and laity alike. Faith's boundaries, while real, were very porous. This collection offers the first sustained comparative examination of lay–clerical relations in confraternities through the late medieval and early modern periods. It shows how laity and clergy debated, accommodated, resolved, or deflected the key issues of gender, race, politics, class, and power. The sixteen essays are organized into six sections that consider different aspects of the function of confraternities as social spaces where laity and clergy met, mediated, and sometimes competed and fought. They cover a period historically when kinship was a dominant metaphor in religious life and when kinship groups like confraternities were dominant models in religious institutions. They deal with Catholic, Jewish, and Islamic confraternities, and range geographically from Europe to the Middle East, Central and South Asia, and Latin America.
Letopis na b"lgarskata pravoslavna c"rkva. 1, Istoriâ i ličnosti = Chronicle of the Bulgarian orthodox church. 1, History and personalities
Principles of sociology. Part 6, Ecclesiastical institutions
Paid to care? : the limits of professionalism in pastoral care
The role of the priest and the apostolate of the laity
A biographical directory of pastors of The American Lutheran Church
The life of John Rastrick, 1650-1727
Holy women, wholly women : sharing ministries of wholeness through life stories and reciprocal ethnography
Gospel, church, and ministry
The blackcoated worker : a study in class consciousness
Same call, different men : the evolution of the priesthood since Vatican II
Preacher, sermon and audience in the Middle Ages
Drant, Thomas (c. 1540-1578), poet and Church of England clergyman
What did German preachers opposed to Hitler say in their Sunday sermons? When the truth of Christ could cost a pastor his life, what words encouraged and challenged him and his congregation? This book answers those questions. Preaching in Hitler's Shadow begins with a fascinating look at Christian life inside the Third Reich, giving readers a real sense of the danger that pastors faced every time they went into the pulpit. Dean Stroud pays special attention to the role that language played in the battle over the German soul, pointing out the use of Christian language in opposition to Nazi rhetoric. The second part of the book presents thirteen well-translated sermons by various select preachers, including Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Karl Barth, Rudolf Bultmann, and others not as well known but no less courageous. A running commentary offers cultural and historical insights, and each sermon is preceded by a short biography of the preacher.
Religious and secular forces in late tsarist Russia : essays in honor of Donald W. Treadgold
Mesocosm : Hinduism and the organization of traditional Newar city in Nepal
Armsbearing and the clergy in the history and canon law of western Christianity
"In the first millennium the Christian Church forbade its clergy from bearing arms. In the mid-eleventh century the ban was reiterated many times at the highest levels: all participants in the battle of Hastings, for example, who had drawn blood were required to do public penance. Yet over the next two hundred years the canon law of the Latin Church changed significantly: the pope and bishops came to authorize and direct wars; military-religious orders, beginning with the Templars, emerged to defend the faithful and the Faith; and individual clerics were allowed to bear arms for defensive purposes. This study examines how these changes developed, ranging widely across Europe and taking the story right up to the present day; it also considers the reasons why the original prohibition has never been restored."--Back cover.
Wehrmacht priests : Catholicism and the Nazi war of annihilation
The Vatican, the bishops, and Irish politics, 1919-39
Clerical marriage and the English Reformation : precedent policy and practice
This is a timely and profound look at the enduring meaning of church office, and the guidance it is called to provide to the church in light of a changed world and a changing future. Includes essays on how the church offices arose, how they are defined, and how they relate to one another. Major themes include: the universal vs. local church, the ministry of the bishop, priest and deacon, apostolic succession and the practical application of canonical norms.
Ethics in the sanctuary : examining the practices of organized religion
In Calvin's Company of Pastors, Scott Manetsch examines the pastoral theology and practical ministry activities of Geneva's reformed ministers from the time of Calvin's arrival in Geneva until the beginning of the seventeenth century.
Medieval exempla are key sources for religious and social history. This translation contains prime material for undergraduate teaching.
The shape of practical theology : empowering ministry with theological praxis
Otherworldly and eschatological priesthood in the Dead Sea scrolls
Leadership in the Church : how traditional roles can serve the Christian community today
The Continuation War as a metanoic moment : a Burkean reading of lutheran hierocratic rhetoric
The Protestant clergy of early modern Europe
The early Enoch literature
The nature and function of priesthood : a comparative and anthropological study
Councils and clerical culture in the Medieval West
The permanent diaconate : its history and place in the sacrament of orders
John Henry Newman : a biography
Churchmen and urban government in late Medieval Italy, c. 1200-c.1450
Churches and churchmen in medieval Europe
The Pope is dead. Behind the locked doors of the Sistine Chapel, one hundred and eighteen cardinals from all over the globe will cast their votes in the world's most secretive election. They are holy men. But they have ambition. And they have rivals. Over the next seventy-two hours one of them will become the most powerful spiritual figure on earth.
The garments of salvation : Orthodox Christian liturgical vesture
Our fathers : the secret life of the Catholic Church in an age of scandal
The Levites : their emergence as a second-class priesthood
Psychology for Christian ministry
The colour of blood
Clergy under stress : a study of homosexual and heterosexual clergy in the Church of England
Face to face : gay and lesbian clergy on holiness and life together
Recalling our own stories : spiritual renewal for religious caregivers
Ministries : a relational approach
The fifth gospel :a : a novel
Wolves within the fold : religious leadership and abuses of power
University education of the parochial clergy in medieval England : the Lincoln Diocese, c.1300-c. 1350
The faithful shepherd : a history of the New England ministry in the seventeenth century
The diaconate : a full and equal order
From priest's whore to pastor's wife : clerical marriage and the process of reform in the early German Reformation
Faith's boundaries : laity and clergy in early modern confraternities
Pastoral care in late Anglo-Saxon England
Church and school in early modern Protestantism : studies in honor of Richard A. Muller on the maturation of a theological tradition
Europe without priests?
Religious authority in the Spanish Renaissance
Serve the Lord with gladness : basic reflections on the Eucharist and the priesthood : our life in the liturgy - be my priest
The Continuation War as a metanoic moment : a Burkean reading of Lutheran hierocratic rhetoric
Dancing in the water of life : seeking peace in hermitage
The best writing is relevant for every age. C. S. Lewis reminded us that we must always read books from different eras, to avoid our own generation's blind spots. That is why these articles by Professor T. F. Torrance, Scotland's world famous theologian, merit reading. These particular articles focus on the topics of church and ministry in light of the gospel of Christ. They have been selected, first, because they illustrate how "TF" understood his work as an academic theologian to be the calling of an evangelist to the church and to the intellectual life of the day, and, second, because they are on the whole more accessible to the average reader. The Introduction by Jock Stein relates the different chapters to the overall work of "TF," the development of his thought, and to the events of his time.
Ethics and spiritual care : a guide for pastors, chaplains, and spiritual directors
Theology of ministry
Opinions on Church Music : Comments and reports from four-and-a-half centuries
God and the gun : the church and Irish terrorism
Gods on earth : the management of religious experience and identity in a North Indian pilgrimage centre
A new old spirituality? : a qualitative study of clergy spirituality in the church of Norway
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 26
Baal's priests : the loyalist clergy and the English Revolution
A biographical directory of pastors of The American Lutheran Church : listing the pastors of the Lutheran Free Church : supplement
Pastors and the care of souls in medieval England
Book collections of clerics in Norway, 1650-1750
Barchester towers
A search for solitude : pursuing the monk's true life
Sacred silence : denial and the crisis in the church
Preaching, politics and poetry in late-medieval England
Words referring to glergy in Bede's Ecclesiastical history of the English people
Coming home : why Protestant clergy are becoming Orthodox
The clerical dilemma : Peter of Blois and literate culture in the twelfth century
Ministerial formation : report of the Consultation on Ministerial Formation Tagaytay City, Manila, Philippines7-10 July, 1979
Inside the leader's head : unraveling personal obstacles to ministry
The naked parish priest : what priests really think they're doing
Jerome and the monastic clergy : a commentary on Letter 52 to Nepotian, with introduction, text, and translation
Mission at Nuremberg : an American army chaplain and the trial of the Nazis
"W. M. Jacob focuses upon the clergy of the established Church in England and Wales as a professional group, and investigates their role in their parishes and society during the 'long eighteenth century', between 1680 and 1840. Jacob concentrates on the lower clergy', that is parish clergy, and their role within the broader social context of later Stuart and Georgian society." "The book effectively challenges the received view that the majority of the clergy were inappropriately educated, poverty-stricken, and inattentive to their canonical duties."--BOOK JACKET.
The priest as spiritual father : an Orthodox Christian homily, together with gems from St. John Damascene on the spiritual life, counsels of St. Gregory Palamas, and a discussion of the Ladder of Divine Ascent
Priests and people in pre-famine Ireland, 1780-1845
The clerical profession in the long eighteenth century, 1680-1840
Exornatorium Curatorum : Edited from Wynkyn de Worde's Edition in Cambridge, Corpus Christi College, SP.335.2
Preaching in Hitler's shadow : sermons of resistance in the Third Reich
Calvin's company of pastors : pastoral care and the emerging Reformed Church, 1536-1609
Roman augural lore in Greek historiography : a study of the theory and terminology
Theology of ministry : a reformed contribution to an ecumenical dialogue
Famous fanatics : historical and religious
Pastoral care and the parish
Pastoral care and the means of grace
Sidney Chambers and the problem of evil
Suomi Synod Ministerium (1890-1962) and theological bibliography : a guide to research sources
