http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p634 ecology
ecology
The effect of forest nutrient status on ectomycorrhizal growth an community structure in response to minerals
The effect of fungicide treatment on the non-target foliar mycobiota of Pinus sylvestris- seedlings in Finnish forest nursery
Files for aggregate data by territorial units in Finland
Resistance of Norway spruce (Picea abies) to root and butt rot (Heterobasidion parviporum) in peatland and mineral soil
Macroecology : concepts and consequences : the 43rd Annual Symposium of the British Ecological Society held at the University of Birmingham 17-19 April 2002
A world of wounds : ecologists and the human dilemma
Systems analysis and simulation in ecology. Vol. 1
Production of structural matter by a plant community in successional environment
Restoration of ecosystem structure and function in boreal spruce swamp forests
African arid lands
Short-term effects of prescribed burning on wood-rotting fungi
Green design : from theory to practice
It is estimated that roughly 1000 new ecological and environmental models join the ranks of the scientific literature each year. The international peer-reviewed literature reports some 20,000 new models spanning the period from 1970-2010. Just to keep abreast of the field it is necessary to design a handbook of models that doesn't merely list them, but rather draws the state-of-the-art development of models for ecosystem and environmental management. Published first in 1996, Handbook of Models Applied in Ecosystem and Environmental Management applies precisely this approach to review current m.
Introduction to experimental ecology
Management of Biological Invasions : international journal of applied research on biological invasions
Ocean of life : how our seas are changing
Meat and bone meal as a nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizer for ryegrass
Dictionary of ecology
Landscape ecology and geographic information systems
Urban ecology
The Sahara is cold at night and other questions about deserts
Atmosphere of hope : searching for solutions to the climate crisis
Basic ecology
Boreal environment research
Feral : searching for enchantment on the frontiers of rewilding
Comparison of forest stand characteristics and species diversity indices under different human impacts along an altitudinal gradient
Wrack fauna of Sweden and Finland : ecology and chorology
Dynamic ecology
The striped ambrosia beetle, Trypodendron lineatum (Olivier), and its fungal associates
An introduction to behavioural ecology
First ecology
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Pedagogical manuscript for landscape ecology course
Studies in human ecology
The habitat changes of farmland and the agricultural birds - from the decline of the Willow Grouse population in southern Finland at the beginning of the 20th century to the nowadays farmland birds.
The ecology of wood pigeons (Columbia palumbus L.) and stock doves(C. oenas L.) in Finland ; The ecology of wood pigeon (Columba palumbus L.) and stock dove (C. oenas L.) populations on an island in the SW Finnish archipelago
Ecological relationships
Environmental issues facing Tibetan pastoral communities
Thailand : The east
Discourses of ecology and new biotechnology in the Finnish forest sector - combining old structures and net technologies
Industrial ecosystem : using the material and energy flow model of an ecosystem in an industrial system
Spatial pattern and its development in mid- to late-successional tree communities in unmanaged boreal forests in northern Finland
Wetland environments : a global perspective
A comparison of the impacts of introduced signal crayfish and native noble crayfish in boreal lake ecosystems
Effects of interspecific relationships in forested landscapes on breeding success in Eurasian treecreeper
A buzz in the meadow
Fifteen years ago the cave spider Meta menardi (Latreille, 1804) was known in Finland in two locations only. Partly due to extensive search it is to date known from 20 sites, all however located in the south-westernmost parts of the country. M. menardi is known to prefer stable and relatively warm subterranean habitats. Our temperature data from a cave on the Åland Islands in Finland indicates that the populations of M. menardi on the northern limit of its distribution could be more cold tolerant than the previously studied populations in Central Europe. In this paper all known locations in Finland are mapped and presented in a table with habitat data. A note on the strategy for catching mosquitoes with the orb web is given and the possible importance of the prey-catching function of the orb web is briefly discussed..
Call of Nature : the secret life of dung
External disturbances and population dynamics
Water balance and contributing area of a Pocosin watershed in North Carolina, USA
Saltmarsh ecology
A survey of microorganisms from the spruce beetle in central British Columbia
Insects and wildlife : arthropods and their relationships with wild vertebrate animals
The structure of zooplankton communities in large boreal lakes and assessment of zooplankton methodology
Distribution, abundance and species richness of butterflies and myrmecophilous beetles
Extinction : evolution and the end of man
Introduction to ecological biochemistry
Ecosystems and human well-being : synthesis
Urban ecosystems : response to disturbances, resilience and ecological memory
Handbook of Ecological Models used in Ecosystem and Environmental Management
Organism and environment : a manual of quantitative ecology
Trees and forests : a colour guide : biology, pathology, propagation, silviculture, surgery, biomes, ecology, conservation
Rising ecological awareness in Chinese contemporary art : an analysis of the cultural environment
Red, blue and green: dyeing population dynamics
Rainforests
Problems of animal ecology
The message of ecology
Ecology as politics
Vegetation of wetland forests in Latvia : a synopsis
Ecological concepts : the contribution of ecology to an understanding of the natural world
American Midland naturalist
Forested wetlands throughout the world are valuable habitats; especially in relatively species-poor northern regions, they can be considered biological hotspots. Unfortunately, these areas have been degraded and destroyed. In recent years, however, the biological importance of wetlands has been increasingly recognized, resulting in the desire to restore disturbed habitats or create in place of destroyed ones. Restoration work is taking place across the globe in a diversity of wetland types, and research must be conducted to determine successful techniques. As a result, two studies of the effects of wetland restoration and creation were conducted in forested wetlands in northern Michigan and southern Finland. In North America, northern white-cedar wetlands have been declining in area, despite attempts to regenerate them. Improved methods for successfully establishing northern white-cedar are needed; as a result, the target of the first study was to determine if creating microtopography could be beneficial for white-cedar recruitment and growth. In northern Europe, spruce swamp forests have become a threatened ecosystem due to extensive drainage for forestry. As part of the restoration of these habitats, i.e. rewetting through ditch blocking, Sphagnum mosses are considered to be a critical element to re-establish, and an in-depth analysis of how Sphagnum is responding to restoration in spruce swamp forests has not been previously done. As a result, the aim of the second study was to investigate the ecophysiological functioning of Sphagnum and feather mosses across a gradient of pristine, drained, and restored boreal spruce swamp forests.
Forest & landscape research
Political obligation and ecological citizenship
Stand growth and management scenarios for Paraserianthes falcataria smallholder plantations in Indonesia
Finland : government and NGO approaches to ETR
Reproductive success, local adaptation and genetic diversity in small plant populations
Studies on fungi associated with Tomicus piniperda L. in Finland
The effects of eutrophication on alternative reproductive tactics in threespine stickleback
An improved open-top chamber warming system for global change research
Call of nature : the secret life of dung
"Journey through the digestive systems of humans, farm and wild animals, and meet some of nature’s ultimate recyclers as they eat, breed in and compete for dung. The fall of bodily waste onto the ground is the start of a race against the clock as a multitude of dung-feeders and scavengers consume this rich food source. From the enigmatic dung-rolling beetles to bat guano and giant elephant droppings, dung creates a miniature ecosystem to be explored by the aspiring dung watcher. The author completes the book with an identification guide to dung itself, so that you can identify the animal that left it behind. Pellets or pats? Scats, spraints, frass, guano, spoor – learn your way around different species’ droppings. There’s also a dung-feeder’s identification guide that includes the species you’re most likely to encounter on an exploration of the dung heap."
The common dormouse (Muscardinus avellanarius) : ecology, population structure and dynamics
Anglo-russki ekologitšeski slovar = English-Russian ecological dictionary : okolo 35 500 terminov
Deep ecology and anarchism : a polemic
This study quantified above-ground biomass affected by selective logging in the tropical rainforest of South East Cameroon and also investigated the suitability of the density of logging roads, the density of log yards as well as variables from MODIS 250 m data (Red, NIR, MIR, NDVI, EVI) in explaining above-ground biomass logged. Above-ground biomass logged was quantified using allometric equations. The surface area of logging roads and log yards were quantified and used in the determination of above-ground biomass affected by these infrastructures based on a national reference baseline value for the forest zone of Cameroon. A comparative analysis revealed that 50% of potentially exploitable commercial tree species were effectively harvested with a harvesting intensity of 0.78 trees ha-1 representing an average above-ground biomass of 3.51 Mg ha-1. The results also indicated that 5.65 Mg ha-1 of above-ground biomass was affected by logging infrastructure .i.e. 62% as compared to 38% of above-ground biomass that was logged. Correlation and regression analysis showed that the density of the logging roads explained 66% of the variation in above-ground biomass logged and 73% of the variation in above-ground biomass logged was explained by the density of the logging roads and NDVI from MODIS data. The density of log yards and the variables from MODIS data were generally weak in explaining the variation in above-ground biomass logged.
Ecology : the experimental analysis of distribution and abundance
Open Journal of Forestry (OJF) covers topics in forestry, including forest protection, pest control, ecology, plant breeding, plant nutrition, urban forestry, etc.
Host-parasitoid relationship in different Cotesia melitaearum and Melitaea cinxia populations around the Baltic Sea
Nutrient release from heaps of logging residues in a thinned Scots pine stand
This study examines the impact of selected environmental variables on the position of the limit of continuous forest (actual timberline) on three fells situated in central Finnish Lapland, namely Aakenustunturi, Yllästunturi and Pyhätunturi. The factors studied are elevation, topography and snow load damage to coniferous trees. The potential for ascending timberlines in the region is discussed. The limit of continuous forest in the study area is hardly ever composed of a single species but rather features alternating occurrences of spruce, pine and mountain birch. The average altitudinal position of the actual timberline is highest on the southern and western slopes (366-428 m a.s.l.), while the lowest altitudes are recorded on the northern and eastern slopes (336-403 m a.s.l.). Prevalence of block fields and slope gradient are the most significant and visible factors controlling the position of the actual timberline. On the studied fells, from 10% to more than 50% of the total length of the actual timberline is controlled by block fields. The lowest occurrence of the limit of continuous forest, at 270 m a.s.l., results from an extremely high proportion of block fields and steep slopes. Snow patches and delayed snow melting also hamper the upward advancement of the forest. Continuous forest reaches its highest altitudes at 440 m a.s.l. on slopes with gentle inclination and land cover other than block fields, and 460 m a.s.l. in sheltered furrows. Average snow load damage to spruce and pine at the actual timberline varies in the ranges 15-58% and 30-76%, respectively. Snow load damages on trees undoubtedly impede the advance of the actual timberline to higher elevation in all exposures. Seedling density (number/ha) on south-facing slopes near the actual timberline is ca. 5 times greater than on the north-facing slopes. Recent regeneration and seedling establishment is almost absent at the treeline near the fell tops. Results suggest that there is potential for actual timberline advance on south-facing slopes with gentle inclination and missing block fields. It is uncertain, however, whether natural regeneration will take place on felltops with few or no trees.
A note on multispecies aggregative webs due to spiders (Araneae) escaping floods in Finland
Habitat use of waterfowl assemblages in Viikki reserve : a comparison of grazed and ungrazed shorelines
Landscape ecology of small mammals
Ammotragus lervia : a review on systematics, biology, ecology and distribution
Ecology of a tropical rain forest : spatial structure and ecological processes
Effects of intensive management in the restoration of Northeastern Atlantic forest in Brazil : survival, growth and carbon sequestered 8 years after planting
An extended food web from Greenland : adding birds, spiders and plants to a parasitoid-lepidopteran web
The Finns and sustainable development : how do we measure opinions about sustainable development?
Microsite occupancy and spatial structure of regeneration in three late-successional Norway spruce forests in northern Europe
Open Journal of Forestry
Living and non-living in the ocean
Woodfuel use and its influence on people's livelihood in Ethiopia : comparison among three Peasant Associations in Wondo Genet
Angry Birds playground : animals
Genetic variation and migration of waders
Ecological research
The impact of elevation, topography and snow load damage of trees on the position of the actual timberline on the fells in central Finnish Lapland
The role of ectomycorrhizal fungi on fertilized an unfertilized nursery grown white spruce
What if there were no bees? : a book about the grassland ecosystem
The significance of sexuality and cyst formation in the life-cycles of four marine dinoflagellate species
Individual and structural effects in ecological research
1493 : uncovering the new world Columbus created
Molecular methods in ecology
The influence of changes in climate and land-use on regeneration dynamics of Norway spruce at the treeline in the Swiss Alps
The use of plants, including trees, to remediate oil contaminated soils : a review and empirical study
Structural botany, physiology, genetics, taxonomy and geobotany
Practical ecology for geography and biology : survey, mapping and data analysis
Ecology: the link between the natural and the social sciences
Statistical ecology : a primer on methods and computing
Tree mortality, fire scar formation and regeneration 8 years after low-intensity fire in managed Pinus sylvestris stands
Diversity of water chemistry and vegetation of mires in the Kainuu region, middle boreal Finland
Ecological restoration of forests in Fennoscandia : defining reference stand structures and immediate effects of restoration
Carbon stocks for six different land use classes in Niassa province, Mozambique
Vascular plant species richness in grazed and ungrazed coastal meadows, SW Finland
Dung beetle communities in degraded rainforest landscapes in Madagascar
An entangled bank : the origins of ecosystem ecology
Methods in stream ecology
Ecologic-economic analysis for regional development
Rooftop vegetables and urban contamination : trace elements and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in crops from Helsinki
The gnat is older than man : global environment and human agenda
The ecological city and urban planning
Ecology : a textbook
Ecology of the Antarctic coastal oasis
The evolutionary ecology of space use and its conservation consequences
Taxonomy and phylogeny of the 'manna lichens' and allied species (Megasporaceae)
Ecological processes and large-scale climate relationships in northern coniferous forests
Diversifying clearcuts with green-tree retention and woody debris structures: conservation of mammals across forest ecological zones
Resource ecology : spatial and temporal dynamics of foraging
Exploring ecology and its applications : readings from American Scientist
Contemporary readings in ecology
Abstracts and presentations : The 15th Nordic Conference on Reindeer and Reindeer Husbandry Research : Luleå, 26th-29th January 2009
Summary.
Ecology : theories and applications
Studying habitat use and behavior of moose (Alces alces) by integrating airborne laser scanning and GPS tracking
A sting in the tale
AQUATOX - ecological risk assessment model : a tool for impact assessment for waters
The cave spider Meta menardi (Araneae, Tetragnathidae) - occurrence in Finland and notes on its biology
Bloomin' rainforests
Pedagogical Manuscript for Landscape Ecology Course
Urban ecosystem services at the plant-soil interface
Polish journal of ecology
The Galápagos : a natural history
Bees in urban community gardens : local versus landscape determinants
Introduction to ecology
Ecological effects of wastewater : applied limnology and pollutant effects
Phytoplankton ecology : structure, function and fluctuation
Domestic cattle grazing as a disturbance factor to the vegetation structure is investigated. It is concluded that the process of heterospecific attraction plays as important a role as vegetation structure in predicting waterfowl assemblage patterns. The study site, an estuarine wetland in an urban zone in .Helsinki, is studied during one staging period. Two sets of shorelines are focused on, grazed and ungrazed. Avian assemblages are compared in both types of shorelines based on variables of community structure and habitat resource use. The two most influential variables are aquatic invertebrate biomass index as food supply, and bare shoreline proportion as habitat structure indicator. The process of competition as regulating factor in forming avian aggregations is ruled out by confirming that sufficient amounts of habitat resources, food and space are available. The co-occurrence patterns of foraging guilds are analyzed. Heterogeneous vegetation structure, combined with social attraction, influences avian distribution patterns. Niche partitioning is absent across the whole landscape as invertebrate food resource is not a limiting factor. Microhabitat use within plots is evenly distributed. The constantly popular microhabitats are sections of the grazed shorelines where resource partitioning is absent. Avian habitat preferences are shaped by extent of available bare shoreline and the presence of other waterfowl. The latter effect is confirmed both as conspecific and heterospecific attraction. It is the first time this wetland, which is also a designated Natura 2000 and Ramsar site, is being investigated for wildlife community dynamics. The site does not suffer from major environmental threats and has potential for more waterfowl consumers. In view of its international significance, this and similar research can aid urban planners in Reserve management to enhance avian diversity towards attracting species of more conservation concern.
Elements of ecology
Various disturbances and ecological successional processes shape the structure of forests and affect biodiversity. We examined the forests over a 7400 km2 area in the Upper Min River watershed in Sichuan under different levels of human disturbance. This mountainous watershed represents a transitional landscape between the Qinghai-Tibet plateau and the Sichuan basin, with elevations ranging from 900 m to 5700 m. The watershed is degraded due to deforestation and soil degradation caused by natural and anthropogenic disturbances. According to different levels of human impact, the sample sites were divided into four classes: 1) near-natural forests, 2) selectively logged forests, 3) natural regeneration forests (after clear-cut), and 4) plantations. At different elevations, following quantitative characteristics were analysed: stand volume, basal area, weighted diameter, weighted height, and 7 biodiversity indices of tree species. The results showed that the structure of forest stands was characterized by a large number of seedlings and saplings. The near-natural forest had a significantly higher stand volume and basal area than the other managed stands. The four levels of human impact resulted in different abundance, evenness and richness of tree species along the altitudinal gradient. Explanatory variables, such as volume and weighted diameter, significantly contributed to the models for discrimination of stands under different human impacts. The result implies that near-natural forests, with their large stand volumes and biodiversity, can be used as references when developing strategies for forest restoration.
Ecology of coastal waters : with implications for management
Population ecology : a unified study of animals and plants
Thinhorn sheep evolution and behaviour
Towards circular economy  : EU, Finland and Lahti region perspectives
Proceedings of the Helsinki workshop on ecological modernisation : September 10-12. 1998
The challenge of ecology
From material flows to cash flows : an extension to traditional material flow modelling
Ecological economics : an introduction
Ecological terms : teaching material
Ecology : concepts and applications
Economic and ecological interdependence : a report on selected environment and resource issues
Understanding global environmental change : the contributions of risk analysis and management : a report on an International Workshop Clark University, October 11-13,1989
Restoration of forested wetlands : case studies in Michigan and Finland
Senescence ecology : aging in a natural population of wild brown mouse lemurs (Microcebus rufus)
The man who plants trees
Grzimek's encyclopedia of ecology
The effects of habitat and human activity on daybed selection in brown bears
Community Analysis of the Land Snail (Gastropoda) on the island of Ruissalo, SW Finland
Ecology and environmental planning
Blue hope : exploring and caring for earth's magnificent ocean
Colonisation of a burned forest by ants in the Southern Finnish boreal forest
Oceans in 30 seconds : 30 cool topics for junior marine explorers explained in half a minute
Studies of mire ecosystems of Fennoscandia : materials of the Soviet-Finnnish symposium, 28-31 May 1990.
Principles of field biology & ecology
Environmental challenges in the joint border area of Norway, Finland and Russia
Vegetation changes after cessation of grazing management in the Jizerské Mountains (Czech Republic)
Is prosopis a curse or a blessing? : an ecological-economic analysis of an invasive alien tree species in Sudan
Two-year cycle spruce beetle (Dendroctonus rufipennis [Kirby]) adults were collected from emergence traps installed on two types of hosts (stumps and windfalls) in two adjacent timber harvesting areas in central British Columbia over a 5-year period to determine the incidence of associated fungi, bacteria, yeasts, nematodes, and mites. There was no difference in either the mean size or the female ratio of spruce beetles between host types or areas. Yeasts and bacteria were the most common associates of the spruce beetle and were isolated from the majority of beetles, regardless of host type. Pesotum sp. A, a blue-stain fungus, was the most common filamentous species and was isolated from 63% of the 221 beetles sampled. This fungus appears to be closely associated with the spruce beetle regardless of host type. At least 25 taxa of other filamentous fungi (OFF) were also isolated from beetles. Most of the OFF were common, wind-dispersed species, prevalent in the environment, e.g., Penicillium and Cladosporium spp., and are likely only incidental associates of the spruce beetle. The OFF were more likely to be isolated from beetles emerging from windfalls than from stumps. This may have been due to higher moisture in windfalls, which promoted the growth of some OFF. The incidence of mites and nematodes associated with the spruce beetle was relatively low; however, only those observed on the exoskeleton were recorded. The association of microorganisms with the spruce beetle did not vary between the two timber harvesting areas sampled in this study. Despite differences in the two types of host material, the spruce beetle is able to maintain a consistent association with yeasts, bacteria, and Pesotum sp. A.
The edge of extinction : travels with enduring people in vanishing lands
Concepts of ecology
Interactions and patterns between species diversity and genetic diversity
The seashores and shallow seas of britain and europe
Basics of environmental science
Systems analysis and simulation in ecology. Vol. 2
Meat bone meal as nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizer
Fundamentals of ecology
Basic concepts of ecology
Experimental ecology on the interaction between the Puumala hantavirus and its host, the bank vole
A rough ride to the future
Children's encyclopedia : earth
Agroforestry system design for peri-urban environment : case study from Dzivaresekwa, Zimbabwe
Demography of Carex rostrata in a boreal mesotrophic fen : shoot dynamics and biomass development
Nature, technology, and society : cultural roots of the current environmental crisis
Green-tree retention and life after the beetle : stand structure and small mammals 30 years after salvage harvesting
Algal cultures and phytoplankton ecology
Influence of vegetation removal and altering water levels on CO2 flux rates of a northern bog
Systems evolution of waste and by-product management and bioenergy production
Living and non-living in the desert
Ecology and conservation of birds in urban environments
Effective population size and the viability of the Siberian jay population of Suupohja, Finland
Human ecology
Saprotrophic growth of Heterobasidion parviporum on spruce wood (Picea abies) in mineral soil, drained and undrained mire
Transdisciplinary wildlife management : the XVI Nordic Congress of Wildlife Research, Arctic Centre, Rovaniemi, Finland, May 31-June 3, 2016 : Abstracts
"This is the urban century in which, for the first time, the majority of people live in towns and cities. Understanding how people influence, and are influenced by, the 'green' component of these environments is therefore of enormous significance. Providing an overview of the essentials of urban ecology, the book begins by covering the vital background concepts of the urbanisation process and the effect that it can have on ecosystem functions and services. Later sections are devoted to examining how species respond to urbanisation, the many facets of human-ecology interactions, and the issues surrounding urban planning and the provision of urban green spaces. Drawing on examples from urban settlements around the world, it highlights the progress to date in this burgeoning field, as well as the challenges that lie ahead"--
Multispecies aggregative spider webs consisting mainly of linyphiids are reported from the municipality of Vörå in Finland. The dominant species were Erigone atra Blackwall, 1833 and Savignia frontata Blackwall, 1833 and most of these represented by males. The spider assemblage consisted of at least 13 species altogether. The reason for the aggregations was habitat disturbance caused by flooded cultivated fields.
The way : an ecological world-view
Ecology of the planted aquarium : a practical manual and scientific treatise for the home aquarist
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
The long-term effects of whole-tree harvest at final felling on soil properties in a Norway Spruce (Picea abies (L) Karst.) stand
Readings in marine ecology
Will whole-tree harvest of jack pine (Pinus banksiana) deplete soil nutrients in low-productivity sand soils?
Patterns of quality : The distribution of urban services among the residents of the city of Villahermosa
Handbook of environmental and ecological modeling
Health parameters and sexual signalling in yearling black grouse males (Tetrao tetrix)
Assessment and prediction of above-ground biomass in selectively logged forest concessions using field measurements and remote sensing data : case study in South East Cameroon
Trophic interactions and impacts of non-indigenous species in Baltic Sea coastal ecosystems
An ecological and floristic study of the forests of the Taita Hills, Kenya
Campbell biology : concepts & connections
Why farmers choose agroforestry? : a case study from the province of Sa Kaeo, Thailand
The influence of human-induced eutrophication on the honesty of sexual signalling in the three-spined stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus)
