http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6358 neorealism
neorealism
Italian neorealist cinema : an aesthetic approach
Art of the 20th century
The street kids
Patterns of realism
Cinema of anxiety : a psychoanalysis of Italian neorealism
Italian film in the light of neorealism
In this new study, Torunn Haaland argues that neorealism was a cultural moment based on individual optiques. She accounts for the tradition's coherence in terms of its moral commitment to creating critical viewing experiences around underrepresented realities and marginalised people. By examining both acclaimed masterpieces and lesser known works, parallels are drawn to realist theories and to past and present cinematic traditions. The ways in which successive generations of directors have readopted, negotiated and broken with the themes and aesthetics of neorealist film are discussed and evaluated, along with neorealist tendencies in other arts, such as literature.
European film theory
European cinemas, European societies 1939-1990
Springtime in Italy : a reader on neo-realism
Italian neorealist cinema
The art of the angels of death
The history of Italian cinema : a guide to Italian film from its origins to the twenty-first century
The power of film propaganda : myth or reality?
Movie movements : films that changed the world of cinema
What is cinema?. Vol. 2
Producing hegemony : the politics of mass production and American global power
Italian cinema : from neorealism to the present
Italian cinema from neorealism to the present
The new Italian cinema : studies in dance and despair
Neorealism and neoliberalism : the contemporary debate
Italian neorealism : rebuilding the cinematic city
Ribbons in time : movies and society since 1945
Cahiers du cinéma. The 1950s : neo-realism, Hollywood, new wave
Italian post-neorealist cinema
Film / An international history of the medium
The path to the nest of spiders
The end of the Second World War saw the emergence of neorealist film in Italy. This work not only offers readers in Film Studies and Italian Studies a perspective on neorealist cinema and the Italian art cinema that followed it, but theorises and applies a method of close analysis of film texts for those interested in aesthetics and rhetoric.
