http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6355 Criminal Code
Criminal Code
Criminal law in Denmark
Criminalizing business cartels in Europe : a comparative perspective
Placing blame : a general theory of the criminal law
The criminal law review
Dishonorable passions : sodomy laws in America 1861-2003
Race and the criminal justice system : 1992 : a Home Office publication under section 95 of the Criminal Justice Act 1991.
Gender and the criminal justice system : 1992 : a Home Office publication under section 95 of the Criminal Justice Act 1991.
The coercive state
Juvenile crime : current issues and background
Religion and criminal law = Religion et droit pénal
Structure and function in criminal law
Apagoge, endeixis and ephegesis against kakourgoi, atimoi and pheugontes : a study in the Athenian administration of justice in the fourth century B.C
The Federal criminal law of the Soviet Union : the basic principles of the criminal legislation [...] : Russian text with an English transl. by F. J. Feldbrugge
Criminal jurisdiction of states : an international law framework
The criminal law of ancient Rome
Criminal law reform in Hungary
The dynamics of the Finnish criminal code reform
Criminal justice systems in Europe
Principles of criminal law
Penal practice and penal policy in ancient Rome
The Swedish Penal Code
Harmonization of criminal law in Europe
Penal code reform in Norway : the general part
Summary of recommendations (s. 24-26).
Crime and the legal process
Transforming international law and obligations into Finnish criminal legislation : dragon's eggs and criminal law irritants
Criminal law and the making of women's same sex sexuality : the case of Finland, in the 1950's
This book provides a coherent history of criminal law and homosexuality in Scandinavia 1842-1999, a period during which same-sex love was outlawed or subject to more or less severe legal restrictions in the Scandinavian penal codes. This was the case in most countries in Northern Europe, but the book argues that the development in Scandinavia was different, partly determined by the structure of the welfare state. Five of the most experienced scholars of the history of homosexuality in the region (Jens Rydström, Kati Mustola, Wilhelm von Rosen, Martin Skaug Halsos and Thorgerdur Thorvaldsdóttir) describe how same-sex desire has been regulated in their respective countries during the past 160 years. The authors with their backgrounds in history, sociology, and gender studies represent an interdisciplinary approach to the problem of criminalization of same-sex sexuality. Their contributions, consisting for the most part of previously unpublished material, present for the first time a comprehensive history of homosexuality in Scandinavia. Among other things, it includes the most extensive study yet written in any language about Iceland's gay and lesbian history. Also for the first time, the book discusses in detail same-sex sexuality between women before the law in modern society and presents previously unpublished findings on this topic. Female homosexuality was outlawed in Eastern Scandinavia, but not in the Western parts of this region. It also analyzes the modern tendency to include lesbian women in the criminal discourse as an effect of the medicalization of homosexuality and the growing influence of medical discourse on the law.
A punishment for each criminal : gender and crime in Swedish medieval law
Criminality and legal order
Model penal code : changes and editorial corrections in May 4, 1962 : proposed official draft
The criminal law and the criminal procedure law of the People's Republic of China
The penal code of Finland as amended up to January 1, 1978
Blackstone's guide to the anti-terrorism legislation
What was crime in ancient Rome? Was it defined by law or social attitudes? How did damage to the individual differ from offences against the community as a whole? This book explores competing legal and extra-legal discourses in a number of areas, including theft, official malpractice, treason, sexual misconduct, crimes of violence, homicide, magic and perceptions of deviance. It argues that court practice was responsive to social change, despite the ingrained conservatism of the legal tradition, and that judges and litigants were in part responsible for the harsher operation of justice in Late Antiquity. Consideration is also given to how attitudes to crime were shaped not only by legal experts but also by the rhetorical education and practices of advocates, and by popular and even elite indifference to the finer points of law.
The criminal code of the People's Republic of China
Words of greetings of the Minister of Justice to the international research colloquium "Centenary of the Finnish Penal Code"
The effect of islamic legislation on crime prevention in Saudi Arabia : proceedings of the symposium held in Rhiyadh, 16-21 Shawal 1396 A.H. (9-13 October 1976)
Amendments to the Penal Code and to the Decree on the Enforcement of the Penal Code
International instruments related to the prevention and suppression of international terrorism
The Swedish penal code
Why women? : legislation criminalizing same-sex acts at the turn of the 20th century and the inclusion and exclusion of women : the case of Finland
Criminal justice in Denmark : an outline
A guide to the Criminal Justice Act 1988
Modalities in medieval Jewish law for public order and safety
"Moral order" and the criminal law : reform efforts in the United States and West Germany
Criminal procedure in Europe : England and Wales, France, Germany, Netherlands, Slovenia, Spain
Counterterrorism in areas of political unrest : the case of Russia's Northern Caucasus
Parties to a crime and the notion of a complicity object : a comparative study of the alternatives provided by the model penal code, Swedish law and Claus Roxin
Criminal code of the Russian Federation
Report on computer crime : presented to Parliament
Model Penal Code and commentaries : with text of Model Penal Code as adopted at the 1962 Annual Meeting of the American Law Institute at Washington, D.C., May 24, 1962. Part 2, Definition of specific crimes
Criminal law in action : an overview of current issues in Western societies
Model penal code and commentaries : (official draft and revised comments). Part 1, General provisions §§ 3.01 to 5.07
Prison systems and correctional laws : Europe, the United States and Japan : a comparative analysis
Criminal law : problems for decision in the promulgation, invocation and administration of a law of crimes
The penal code of Finland and related laws
Summary (s. 1-4).
The sacred orders of Finnish political discourse on the revision of the blasphemy law
The system of administrative and penal sanctions in Sweden
Principles and practice of the criminal law
Zhongguo fazhi fazhan baogao. 9 (2011) = Annual report on China's rule of law. 9 (2011)
International criminal law. Vol. 1, Sources, subjects, and contents
The Israeli proposal for a new general part of a penal code : an introduction
Towards a total reform of Finnish criminal law
Justification and excuse in the criminal law
Criminal law : an indictment
The system of administrative and penal sanctions in the member states of the European Communities = Étude sur les systèmes de sanctions administratives et pénales dans les États membres des Communautés européennes. Volume 1, National reports = Rapports nationaux
The Swedish Penal code
Crime in the city
Recodifying criminal law : Law Reform Commission of Canada = Pour une nouvelle codification de droit pénal. 1
Criminal science and the Finnish criminal code reform = Die Kriminalwissenschaften und die Gesamtreform des Finnischen Strafgesetzes
The impact of SOX on earnings quality : evidence from Italy and United Kingdom
Access to Finnish law
The system of administrative and penal sanctions in the member states of the European Communities = Étude sur les systèmes de sanctions administratives et pénales dans les États membres des Communautés européennes. Volume 2, Summary reports = Rapports de synthèse
Blackstone's statutes on evidence
Crime, justice & codification : essais à la mémoire de Jacques Fortin = essays in commemoration of Jacques Fortin
The penal code as form of control of sexuality : homosexual acts as crimes in the context of other sexual offences in the 1950s in Finland
Sisters in faith and the vagabond traitor : women's same-sex fornication trials in the 1950s Finland
Archbold pleading, evidence & practice in criminal cases
Questioning authority : justice and criminal law
The criminal trial as a speech communication situation
Substantive criminal law. 1, Sections 1.1 to 5.11
Abstract: Bribery offences.
The criminal law and criminal justice acts 1967
Victims of crime in 22 European criminal justice systems : the implementation of recommendation (85) 11 of the Council of Europe on the position of the victim in the framework of criminal law and procedure : proefschrift
The digest of Roman law : theft, rapine, damage and insult
Model penal code and commentaries : (official draft and revised comments). Part 1, General provisions §§ 6.01 to 7.09
Environmental crime : law, policy, prosecution
Model penal code and commentaries : (official draft and revised comments). Part 1, General provisions §§ 1.01 to 2.13
Addressing human trafficking as a forced labour concern : the policy implications
The politics of law and stability in China
Action and value in criminal law
Miscellanea : articles and texts
The cost of counterterrorism : power, politics, and liberty
The Penal Code of Finland and the Decree on the Enforcement of the Penal Code as amended up to July 1, 1983 : unauthorized draft translation
This article examines how Finnish politicians constructed the legal protection of religion and the relationship between religion and society during the process of revising the blasphemy and religious insult sections of the Finnish criminal code in the late 1990s. In doing so, it analyzes their discourses on religion and the sacred.
Research handbook on the economics of criminal law
Model penal code : official draft and explanatory notes. Complete statutory text
Criminally queer : homosexuality and criminal law in Scandinavia 1842-1999
National laws and regulations on the prevention and suppression of international terrorism = Dispositions législatives et réglemementaires nationales relatives à la prévention et à l'élimination du terrorisme international. Part 2, (A-L)
Substantive criminal law. 2, Sections 6.1 to end
Pleading, evidence & practice in criminal cases
Police and judicial co-operation in the European Union : FIDE 2004 national reports
Criminal justice systems in Europe : Sweden
Forbidden deeds : a case study of fornication between two women in Finland in the 1950's
A despotism of law : crime and justice in early colonial India
Cases and comments on criminal justice
Card, Cross and Jones : criminal law
Office consolidation of the criminal code, 1953-54, c. 51, as amended by 1955, cc. 2, 45, 1956, c. 48, 1957-58, c. 28, 1958, c. 18, 1959, c. 41, 1960, cc. 37, 45, 1960-61, cc. 21, 43, 44, and selected statutes
Codification of the criminal law : a report to the Law Commission, laid before Parliament by the Lord High Chancellor pursuant to section 3(2) of the Law Commissions Act 1965.
Economics of criminal law
"This book contains the contributions made to the conference 'Religion and Criminal Law, ' organized by the European Consortium for Church and State Research in 2008. The contributions represent national reports which deal with the topic in nearly all EU member states; each is written by a national expert. The book also contains an analysis of the status of religion in criminal law on a regional basis separately for Northern Europe, Western Europe, Southern Europe and the 'new' EU states. The overall analysis was written by Professor Matti Koranta of the University of Eastern Finland." --Publisher's description.
Conflicting tendencies in present-day criminal law : remarks on the difficulty to teach criminal law
Sweet & Maxwell's criminal law statutes
The Swedish Penal Code 1986
Observations on the development of criminal law in Europe between 1986 and 1988
Law and crime in the Roman world
Turkish legal system and the protection of human rights
Act IV of 1978 on Criminal Code
