http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6357 employment situation
employment situation
Work, employment and unemployment in the Soviet Union
Potential for Single-Case Evaluation in Employment Services : Goal Attainment Scaling Method for Difficult-to-Employ Jobseekers
What is Europe's future
Technology shocks and employment in open economics
Adjustment costs and dynamic labour demand in Norwegian manufacturing firms
Background papers
Changing patterns of employment and unemployment in Africa : a comparative perspective on four Sub-Saharan countries
Growth in services : fostering employment, productivity and innovation
Sectoral composition and the effect education on wages : an international comparison
The great recession and the distribution of household income
Mass unemployment and the state
Annex to the report of the FAO/ILO/SIDA consultation on employment in forestry Chiang Mai, Thailand 10 February - 1 March 1974.
The European employment strategy : investing in people, investing in more and better jobs
Territory, specialization and globalization in European manufacturing
On the road to the Finnish information society
Jobs and growth in the EU : a roadmap to a sustainable tomorrow
Employment performance in the member states : employment rates report 1998
Migration and the mobility of citizens around the globe pose important challenges to the linguistic and cultural homogeneity that nation-states rely on for defining their physical boundaries and identity, as well as the rights and obligations of their citizens. A new social order resulting from neoliberal economic practices, globalization and outsourcing also challenges traditional ways the nation-state has organized its control over the people who have typically travelled to a new country looking for work or better life chances. This collection provides an account of the ways language addresses core questions concerning power and the place of migrants in various institutional and workplace settings. It brings together contributions from a range of geographical settings to understand better how linguistic inequality is (re)produced in this new economic order.
Labour market reforms, institutions, and the quality of employment : should we all follow German Hartz model in reforming labour markets?
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Education, training and employment
Fiscal effects of immigration depend on labour market outcomes
World labour report. 7, The world employment situation, trends and prospects ; Promoting harmony between work and family: The role of support services and flexible working arrangements ; Employers' organizations ; Health care in developing countries: Quality and cost-effectiveness ; Chemicals in the working environment ; Biographical note ; Statistical annex 1994, 7
Equal Opportunities : Recruitment Handbook
Employment in retail trade in EC-countries
Equilibrium unemployment with capital investments under labour market imperfections
Employment, output and relative factor prices
Rooftop revolution : how solar power can save our economy and our planetfrom dirty energy
The Finnish employment and income security models in a Nordic comparison
A comprehensive guide to : sign language interpreting in Europe, 2016 edition
The mobility of cultural workers within the Community
Semi-sheltered employment for the disabled in the member states of the EEC
We study the effects of labour market imperfections and capital stock on equilibrium unemployment. With an exogenous capital-labour ratio stronger labour market imperfections promote equilibrium unemployment. The relationship between the long-run unemployment and the capital stock is not monotonic. With sufficiently strong (weak) labour market imperfections capital investment has a wage-moderating (wage-increasing) effect, thereby decreasing (increasing) equilibrium unemployment if the relative bargaining power of the labour union is sufficiently strong (weak). Empirically, we find dispersed longrun effects of capital on unemployment by focusing on 16 OECD countries over 28 years.
Essays on plant size, employment dynamics and survival
In Finland, economic growth has been weak since the onset of the financial crisis. According to the most recent forecast by the European Commission, GDP growth in Finland is expected to remain among the slowest in the euro area in the coming years - alongside Greece. The factors underlying the subdued development in GDP can be examined by comparing Finland with other small EU countries, i.e. the Netherlands, Belgium, Ireland, Austria, Sweden and Denmark. These countries constitute a meaningful peer group because they are relatively open economies with a similar degree of development..
The problem of employment stabilization
"Across the developed world, most of us who work now earn our living in the service sector. However, the issue of what kind of service economy is sustainable and desirable, both in economic and social terms, is rarely debated. This book argues that this needs to change. National governments have emphasized the role of skills in achieving international competitiveness, higher living standards, and social inclusion. However, even prior to the 2008 financial crisis, problems of over-qualification, skills wastage, and poor job quality were becoming difficult to ignore. This raises important questions about what kind of service sector jobs will be on offer to meet the aspirations of an increasingly qualified workforce and what role can governments play in raising the skills required in jobs and the quality of jobs and services? Work organization and job design are key factors shaping the skill content of work and the opportunities workers have to deploy their skills and capabilities. Through cross-national comparative research, this book examines whether and why service sector jobs vary across countries. Drawing upon detailed empirical research, the jobs of vocational teacher, fitness instructor, and cafe worker in the UK, Norway, and France are compared, allowing an exploration of the role of national institutions, sectors, and organisations in shaping work organization and job quality. The findings contribute to the comparative study of work organization, the relationship between skills and performance, the role and purpose of education and the prospects for better jobs in 'the age of over-qualification'."--Book jacket.
Summary (s. 7).
Unemployment and technical innovation : a study of long waves and economic development
Measuring the role of tourism in Estonian economy
Pay and employment reform in developing and transition societies
Privatization of public services : impacts for employment, working conditions, and service quality in Europe
Reduced working hours : reshaping the duration, timing and tempo of work
Employment in Europe 1998 : jobs for people - people for jobs : turning policy guidelines into action
Essays on economic integration and labour demand
Labour taxation and employment
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
Immigration will bring about a favourable change in the age structure, as the majority of immigrants are young adults. The effects on the public finances will above all depend on the impact of population growth on the costs of various publicly funded services and on the labour market performance of the immigrants. While population growth increases the costs of some publicly funded services, not all the costs will grow proportionally with the population. The average employment rate for immigrants is lower than for natives but it can be influenced. Immigration does not appear to weaken the employment prospects for the native population..
This second book in the series focuses in particular on article 27 of the Convention. Work and employment are explored from various angles, including the right to reasonable accommodation, as well as labour and trade union rights. The diverse chapters represent a range of disciplines and professionals; their backgrounds span from political and institutional stakeholders and representatives, to academic scholars, and NGO representatives. In particular, the authors explore how the rights enshrined in Article 27 are applicable to deaf and hard of hearing citizens, and how private companies and organisations are embodying diversity in the workplace.
From formal employment to street vending : women's room to maneuver and labor market decisions under conditions of export-orientation - the case Penang, Malaysia
Environmental policies and employment
The history of labour intermediation : institutions and finding employment in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries
1990s economic crisis : the research programme of the Academy of Finland: conference 1999
In the EU countries, the car industry is of greatest significance to GDP and employment in Germany and some countries in East-Central Europe. In these countries a shock to the car industry could have a heavy impact on the national economy. The industry accounts for some 10% of the EU's goods exports..
A theory-consistent system approach for estimating potential output and the NAIRU
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
Structural reforms are playing an increasingly important role in the recovery of long-term outlook for growth. Globally, growth has been slow since the Great Recession. Reasons for this have been sought from both supply- and demand-side factors. At least some of the problems are structural and cannot be addressed with counter-cyclical stimulus policies.
Gender and the European labour market
Real wage responsiveness to unemployment and insider forces : the Norwegian experience
Employment in Europe 2000
Inflation and employment in open economies
Structural reforms can provide an answer to lean years in global economy
The fiscal impact handbook : estimating local costs and revenues of land development
Working with young people in Europe : what we can learn from our neighbours
Viewed in the light of Finland's employment and unemployment figures, the labour market impact of the weak economic performance of recent years would appear so far to be less than feared. These aggregate-level figures do not, however, reveal anything about changes between sectors or worker flows. The present article explores the labour market's internal dynamics and worker flows. Our aim is to take an overview of the dynamics of the Finnish labour market that lie behind the typically reported aggregate figures. We also use worker flows to explain observed changes in unemployment. In addition to this, the article presents the results achieved when probit analysis is used to study labour market flows..
Language, migration and social inequalities : a critical sociolinguistic perspective on institutions and work
Wages policy under full employment
Employment, income distribution and consumption : long-term objectives and structural changes : proceedings of a Seminar of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe, organized under the auspices of the Senior Economic Advisers to ECE Governments, Saint-Maximin-la-Sainte-Baume (France), 6-13 September 1977
Why is Finland trailing its peers?
In Higher Education beyond Job Creation, Thomas A. Bryer identifies the historical trends, current challenges, and future possibilities for higher education institutions to play an active and measurable role in strengthening communities and citizens. Through mini and extended case studies and carefully designed recommendations for institutional change, this book is a resource for policymakers, higher education administrators, and scholars concerned about the future of the institution and its role in society.
Continuing training as a means of preventing unemployment : a comparative study of Denmark, the Netherlands, Ireland, the United Kingdom and the Federal Republic of Germany
British Columbia Community Employment Depencies : final report
The Role of Health Tourism on Azerbaijani Economy : Case Study of  Salt Mountain  Physiotherapy Center of Nakchivan
Unemployment and employment policy at the local level : a comparative case study
BIMCO/ISF Manpower 2005 update main report : the worldwide demand for a supply of seafarers
Employment in Europe : 1995
Economics of employment
The 2010 International Business curriculum of Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences and the changing demands of working life.
Tourism and employment : reflections, problems and prospects with case studies from two developing countries
The structure of women's employment in comparative perspective
Women's career strategy choices and fertility in Finland
The decline in exports has been the most important factor behind the contraction in GDP since 2008. The impact of this decline is also felt in sectors that traditionally focus on the domestic market, as the production of intermediate inputs for exports ties up a considerable amount of resources. Exports have had a significant indirect impact on employment. The overall drop in employment has, however, remained moderate, as employment has been sustained by domestic demand..
Employment policy beyond the crisis
Wage bargaining and employment under different unemployment insurance contribution policies
Job security provisions, wage setting and unemployment persistence
Globalisation and gender : changing patterns of women's employment in Bangladesh
Higher education beyond job creation : universities, citizenship, and community
The evolution of the Finnish model in the 1990:s : from depression to high-tech boom
The scheme for full employment
Aging workers and the employee-employer relationship
Social indicators are an important tool for evaluating a country's level of social development and for assessing the impact of policy. Such indicators are already in use in investigating poverty and social exclusion in several European countries and have begun to play a significant role in advancing the social dimension of the European Union as a whole. The purpose of this book is to make a scientific contribution to the development of social indicators for the purposes of European policy-making. It considers the principles underlying the construction of policy-relevant indicators, the definition of indicators, and the issues that arise in their implementation, including that of the statistical data required. It seeks to bring together theoretical and methodological methods in the measurement of poverty/social exclusion with the empirical practice of social policy. The experience of Member States is reviewed, including an assessment of the National Action Plans on Social Inclusion submitted for the first time in June 2001 by the fifteen EU governments. The key areas covered by the book are poverty, including its intensity and persistence, income inequality, non-monetary deprivation, low educational attainment, unemployment, joblessness, poor health, poor housing and homelessness, functional illiteracy and innumeracy, and restricted social participation. In each case, the book assesses the strengths and weaknesses of different indicators relevant to social inclusion in the European Union, and makes recommendations for the indicators to be employed. Indicators for Social Inclusion in the European Union is being published at a critical stage in the evolution of the social agenda of the European Union. It is hoped that the report will play a role in widening public debate about the social dimension of Europe and that it will be of value to the social partners, to non-governmental and grass roots organizations, and to those living in poverty and social exclusion. It seeks to provide both a constructive background document at a crucial juncture in the evolution of the social dimension of the European Union and a reference work of continuing value.
Do wage subsides increase employment in subsidised firms?
5th European Conference of the Fedora Employment Group, 14 - 17 June 1998, Oulu, Finland : proceedings = Vème Confrènce européenne du groupe emploi FEDORA, 14 - 17 juin 1998, Oulu Finlande
Optimi : employment strategies for the region of Häme
Mobilizing human potential : the challenge of unemployment
"The rules of the game": how to favor entrepreneurship and creativity in a non-capitalistic economy
Temporary-employment business : comparative study of provisions laid down by law and regulation in force in the member states of the European Communities
The time of youth : work, social change, and politics in Africa
Controlling Soviet labour : experimental change from Brezhnev to Gorbachev
Significance of the car industry in EU countries
Opportunities in hotel and motel careers
Growth and profitability of logging and transportation in wood procurement companies in Finland : what strategies and entrepreneurs are needed for profitable growth?
Equality, diversity and inclusion at work : a research companion
Why is the public sector more labor-intensive? : a distortionary tax argument
Essays on migration
Sign Language Interpreting in Europe, 2016 edition, gives an overview of the organizations, educational programs, and employment situations of sign language interpreters across 45 European countries and regions. This is the fifth updated edition, following publications in 2000, 2004, 2008, and 2012. Qualitative and quantitative survey data allow an in-depth analysis of the current state of affairs in the European field of sign language interpreting. This study also allows you to make at-a-glance comparisons between individual countries and to anticipate future trends. Sign Language Interpreting in Europe is based on a 2016 survey that was held among national organizations of Sign Language interpreters in 45 European countries and regions. The findings of the survey were supplemented with information collected from several publications on sign language interpreting throughout Europe.
Skills in the age of over-qualification : comparing service sector work in Europe
The fifty percent : women in development and policy in Bangladesh
Employment in Europe : 1992
Employment, wages and income distribution : critical essays in economics
New working practices in banking and insurance : a seminar to explore employment trends across Europe over the past three years and for the future
Agriculture as a creator of jobs
Micro-electronics, robotics and jobs
How tax progression affects effort and employment
The establishment and growth of new firms is important for job creation, but companies are not all the same. A small number of firms create a significant portion of new jobs, while in a large portion of firms job creation remains limited or the number of jobs is actually decreasing. New firms include a relatively high number of 'gazelles', firms that increase the number of jobs at a rapid pace. At the same time, however, only a small portion of new firms survive the 'valley of death' of the first years following entry. It is difficult to identify rapidly growing businesses in advance, and high growth at the outset does not typically predict high growth in the future..
Rethinking gender, work and care in a  new Europe : theorizing markets and societies in the post-postsocialist era
Employment in Europe : 1998
Disabled people and their employment
Intellectual property strategies and firm growth : evidence from Finnish small business data
Youth unemployment in Finland : youth unemployment and workshops as a labour market programme for integration
Who loses in the downturn? : economic crisis, employment and income distribution
Study guide to accompany : introduction to the hospitality industry
Employment in Europe 1996
Optimal redistributive taxation and provision of public input goods in an economy with outsourcing and unemployment : a note
The labor force under changing income and employment
Reconciling work and family in the nordic countries : tracing the values of national action plans for employment of Finland, Sweden and Denmark and Government Programs and King's Speeches of Norway
Large worker flows in the Finnish economy
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Active social policies in the EU : inclusion through participation?
Real options, wage bargaining, regional subsidies and employment
World employment 1996/97 : national policies in a global context
Disarmament and employment : a study on the employment aspects of military spending and on the possibilities to convert arms production to civilian production
Council of State short-term programme of employment objectives
Summary (2 s.).
Is there scope for gains from revenue-neutral labour tax reforms with flexible outsourcing?
Contributed articles.
The many faces of the National Programme on Ageing Workers : the concluding report on the programme
Telework in Finland: factors behind Telework use as seen from an employer perspective
NGOs and the implementation of active labour market policies : the case of Finland and Sweden
The dynamics of unemployment and employment : Belgium, 1947-1973
Empowerment and participation - grassroots democracy by Roma and non-Roma women : baseline study of the Roma community in Valea Seaca, Romania
Summary.
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
Business subsidies and employment of firms
UNCRPD Implementation In Europe - A Deaf Perspective : Article 27: Work and Employment
SME`s growth and open innovation : tackling SME`s family business growth challenges with open innovation
The effects of labour tax progression under Nash wage bargaining and flexible outsourcing
Employability and mobility of bachelor graduates in Europe : key results of the Bologna Process
Estimation in a duration model for evaluating educational programs
The state, young people and youth training : in and against the training state
Changing inequalities in rich countries : analytical and comparative perspectives
Black americans and organized labor : a new history
Employment and manpower policy measures in Finland : inventory 1979-1981
This book focuses on the aging workforce from the employment relationship perspective. This innovative book specifically focuses on how organizations can ensure their aging workers remain motivated, productive, and healthy. In 15 chapters, several experts on this topic describe how organizations through effective human resource management can ensure that workers are able to continue working at higher age. In addition, this book discusses the role older workers themselves play in continuing work at higher age. To do this, the authors integrate research from different areas, such as literature on leadership, psychological contracts, and diversity with literature on the aging workforce. Through this integration this book provides innovative ways for organizations and workers to maintain productivity, motivation and health. Aging Workers and the Employee-Employer Relationship summarizes the latest research on how employment relationships change with age and its implications for supporting the well-being, motivation, and productivity of older workers. It identifies ways to improve how both companies and workers solve the problems they face. These include better designed employment practices and more adaptive job content and developmental opportunities for aging workers along with activities aging workers can engage to enhance their own job crafting, learning and employability.
Vocational training of young people in new forms of employment : conference report
Capital and employment
The role of a non-governmental organization in the improvement of employment in Finland : a case study of Jyväskylän Katulähetys ry in the city of Jyväskylä
Labour force participation and development
Employment policies in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe
A medium term strategy for employment and manpower policies
Työvoimatilasto = Arbetskraftsstatistik = Labour force statistics. 1999, työvoimatutkimuksen tuloksia vuosilta 1990-1999 = arbetskraftsundersökningens resultat för 1990-1999 = results of the labour force survey from the years 1990-1999
Outsourcing of unionized firms and the impacts of labour market policy reforms
The effect of labour tax progression under Nash wage bargaining and flexible outsourcing
Monetary Union, Central Bank Conservatism and Macroeconomic Performance
Guidelines for policies and systems development for lifelong guidance : a reference framework for the EU and for the commission : brief summary
Social indicators : the EU and social inclusion
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Employment impact of exports has changed
Employment in Europe. 1994
First destination of award recipients in higher education (1994) : a report on the initial employment, further study and training patterns of certificants, diplomates and graduates
Manpower policy in Japan
The bureaucratic labor market : the case of the federal civil service
Effectiveness, dead weight effects and other concepts of evaluation : European Social Fund objective 4 programme Finland
Married women's employment and public policies in an international perspective
Employment and output growth : a regional-level analysis
This study of the determinants of labour force participation of women workers and other potential sources of labour supply in developing countries includes a comprehensive survey of economic factors such as economic development, changes in fertility, the growing need for cash income, changes in occupational structure, migration and underemployment.
Evaluation of employment enterprise zones : final report to the Commission of the European Communities
Women and work in a Bangladesh village
The employment puzzle : what is work?
Production, employment and inflation in the Baltic countries
Foreigners and employment in the Pirkanmaa region : an assessment on tutoring provided by TAMK BBA programme
Labour and transnational action in times of crisis
The Oxford handbook of work and aging
Knowledge about the impact of climate change on the forest-related employment is important for making relevant policy decisions in areas where forestry is economically important. This paper contrasts two different areas in Sweden and Finland in terms of population structure, employment structure and forest-based economy. The paper discusses the future possible outcomes of climate change in terms of forest-related employment. The geographical level of analysis is the county of Norrbotten in Sweden, and the county of Lappi in Finland. These are sparsely populated peripheral areas with ageing populations. There has been a decline or stagnation in the economic and social conditions and the survival of many rural communities, in particular those inland, is seriously threatened. In the context of climate change the issue of how the forest growth will change and how well the different areas will adapt to these changes are addressed.
The determinants of unemployment duration by gender in Finland
Achievement of the employment objective requires faster economic growth
Forest-related employment in the European North: current trends and future development
Final report : Tripartite Meeting on Productivity and Employment in Commerce and Offices, Geneva 19-25 October 1994
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Employment practice and policies in youth, community and play work : in pursuit of fairness at work
Physical activity and sleep profiles in Finnish men and women
Given the growing importance of Eastern European countries in the development of the EU, there is an urgent need to reconstruct the recent dynamic developments in women's work and care in these societies, and the socio-political determinants thereof. Considering their specific cultural, economic and historical development, it can be assumed that the trends and determinants of women's labour market trajectories in CEE countries differ significantly from those in the other European countries that have frequently made up the basis for established theories in social and labour market research. This being the case, can 'standard' theoretical approaches, mostly modelled on evidence from Western Europe, be transferred to the analysis of Eastern European countries? This edited collection scrutinises pivotal aspects of women's careers in Eastern Europe, providing a detailed overview of trends and determinants of women's employment in Eastern Europe, and reflecting critically on theoretical approaches in social and labour market research.
An Institutionalist guide to economics and public policy
A growing body of empirical evidence suggests that a positive technology shock leads to a temporary decline in employment. A two-country model is used to demonstrate that the open economy dimension can enhance the ability of sticky price models to account for the evidence. The reasoning is as follows. An improvement in technology appreciates the nominal exchange rate. Under producer-currency pricing, the exchange rate appreciation shifts global demand toward foreign goods away from domestic goods. This causes a temporary decline in domestic employment. If the expenditure-switching effect is sufficiently strong, a technology shock also has a negative effect on output in the short run.
Full employment : a European appeal
Deaf people and the labour market in Sweden : Education - Employment - Economy
Introduction to the theory of employment
The changing experience of employment : restructuring and recession
Labor and manpower economics
The service sector in Finland : A nordic lilliputian
Job creation in firms : does Finland lack gazelles?
Review of the labour market in the Czech Republic
Employment in Europe : 1997
Urban innovation and employment generation : environmental, social and economic initiatives in European towns and cities
Abstract: Corporatism, employment and macroeconomic performance in 18 OECD countries.
Abstract (1 s.).
The employment of lone parents : a comparison of policy in 20 countries
Working life barometer in the Baltic countries 2002
Innovative training and employment of women : seminar report
The Design Economy ; The Value of Design to the UK
Labour force participation in low-income countries
Unions, wages and employment : evidence from Finland
Vocational training and job creation schemes in the countries of the European Community
Towards full employment and price stability : summary of a report to the OECD
How much does work matter for inequality? : time, money and inequality in international perspective
Local unemployment and other factors influencing individual government approval in Finland
Stability and dynamics in an overlapping generations economy with flexible wage negotiations
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
Innovative employment initiatives
Employment trends to 1980 in the member states of the Community : 10 May 1976.
Do trade unions care about employment? : reduced-form test results from the Finnish paper and textile industries
One of the key objectives of the Government Programme is to raise the employment rate to 72% by the end of the parliamentary term. This means increasing the current number of people in employment by just over 100,000 by the end of 2019. If near-term economic growth is to remain around 1%, i.e. as foreseen in the baseline forecast, achievement of the objective will be unlikely. On the basis of the alternative scenario, attainment of the employment objective in the Government Programme requires markedly faster economic growth than at present. GDP growth in 2017-2019 should average 2.5% annually, i.e. about 1.3 percentage points faster than the baseline suggests, in order for the objective to be attained..
