http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6363 men's movements
men's movements
Council for Gender Equality : the history of work with men 1988-2006
In 2012, Brazilian tycoon Eike Batista was the eighth richest man in the world, his $30bn fortune built on Brazil's incredible natural resources. By the middle of 2013 he had lost it all, engulfed in scandal. Brazillionaires is a fast-paced account of Batista's rise and fall, and of the rise and rise of the hyper-rich, not just in Brazil but the world over: a story of helicopter flights, high-speed car crashes and beach-front penthouses. But it is also an investigation into a country apparently poised to become a superpower, yet beset by endemic inequality and corruption. Stefan Zweig said in 1941 that Brazil was the country of the future; Brazilians joke that it always will be. Today, despite recent turmoil, that future seems closer than ever. It is the world's seventh-largest economy, companies like Heinz, Budweiser and Burger King are now controlled by Brazilian investors and Rio de Janeiro is hosting the 2016 Olympics. The brazillionaires have ridden the crest of Brazil's wave of progress; through them Brazillionaires tells the story of their country's past, present and future.
Screw it, let's do it : lessons in life
Managing radical business innovations : a study of internal corporate venturing at Sonera Corporation
Report. 1, Freedom of association in the public service
Interest and ideology : the foreign policy beliefs of American businessmen
A portrait of the life and career of investment guru Warren Buffett sheds new light on the man, as well as on the work, ideas, business principles, strategies, and no-nonsense insights that have guided his phenomenally successful business endeavors.
A celebration of the most influential and thought-provoking speeches that have shaped the world we live in. With comprehensive, chronological coverage of speeches from the 20th and 21st centuries, taken from all corners of the globe, entries all feature photo headshots of the speakers plus an introduction explaining the background behind every speech and biographical details of each of the speakers as well as analysis of each speech throughout including buzzwords, memorable phrases and marginal notes.
The Unfinished Revolution compares the post-Second World War histories of the American and British gay and lesbian movements with an eye toward understanding how distinct political institutional environments affect the development, strategies, goals, and outcomes of a social movement. The two case study chapters function as brief historical sketches that provide an introduction to British and American gay and lesbian history. An appendix provides a useful evaluative summary of common social movement theories. The book will be of value to academics and students of sociology, political science, and history.
Disrupted : ludicrous misadventures into the tech start-up bubble
The making of Donald Trump
Exposure : from president to whistleblower at Olympus
Elephant in the room : how relationships make or break the success of leaders and organizations
Crossing borders and shifting boundaries. 1, Gender on the move
Discovering men
Brazillionaires : the godfathers of modern Brazil
From bags to blenders : The Journey of a Yorkshire Businessman
"Traitors to the masculine cause" : The men's campaigns for women's rights
Take a chance on me
The unfinished revolution : social movement theory and the gay and lesbian movement
The author cogently presents the philosophical stances and radical activities of the traitors about whom she writes. Her habit of giving birth and death dates of the figures as she introduces them helps to clarify the relationships of the major issues under discussion to the ideas and actions of the campaigners. The book's organization allows for a fairly comprehensive discussion of the disparate proposals which marked the early years of the movement; its structure illustrates the coming together of those ideas into a focussed drive for women's emancipation. The full documentation and bibliographic essay provide valuable resource information for scholars who wish to further investigate this subject.
My favourite wife
Rhett Butler's people
The rise and fall ... and rise again
Double standards
Unlabel : selling you without selling out
Love him or hate him, Trump's influence is undeniable. A man of great media savvy, entrepreneurial spirit, and political clout, Trump's career has been plagued by legal troubles and mounting controversy. Johnston tells the full story of how a boy from a quiet section of Queens, NY would become an entirely new, and complex, breed of public figure. Drawing on decades of interviews, financial records, court documents, and public statements, Johnston gives us the most in-depth look yet at the man who would be president.
A professional union : the evolution of the institution of professional civil servants
The long Earth
Men engaging feminisms : pro-feminism, backlashes and schooling
Changing men, transforming culture : inside the men's movement
Limitless : leadership that endures
Warren Buffett's management secrets : proven tools for personal and business success
What are the biggest cultural factor-related challenges for Finnish SMEs while doing business with the Chinese?  : case: real voice from three businessmen
Who's who in Lithuania
Rudolf Laban : an extraordinary life
Politics of gender : a century of women's suffrage in Finland
Falling sideways
The discreet hero
Done deals : venture capitalists tell their stories
The office of the competition ombudsman and the local authorities : a collision between local government law and business law
"Richard Branson, who has been called "England's most outrageous billionaire," is also one of the world's most successful business leaders. Since the age of 16, when he founded Student magazine, Branson has been creating companies and finding innovative ways to grow them into the prodigious conglomerate known as the Virgin Group. At the age of 20, Branson founded a mail-order record retailer. Two years later he built a recording studio where the first artist signed to his Virgin label, Mike Oldfield, recorded the haunting soundtrack to The Exorcist. Decades later, industries as varied as entertainment (Virgin Music), retail (Virgin Megastores), transportation (Virgin Airlines), and telecommunications (Virgin Mobile) all bear Branson's business moniker. For the first time, the most thought-provoking, revealing, and inspiring quotes from Branson are compiled in a single book.  Virgin Rebel: Richard Branson in His Own Words is a comprehensive guidebook to the inner workings of the Virgin Group chairman and founder. Hundreds of Branson's best quotes, comprising thoughts on business, music, entrepreneurship, politics, exploration, and life lessons, provide an intimate and direct look into the mind of this modern business icon. "--
Ask John : straight-talking, common sense from the front line of management
Women respond to the men's movement : a feminist collection
Elon Musk : how the billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is shaping our future
Fighting it out
Buffett : the making of an American capitalist
Feminism and masculinities
"One of the most provocative entrepreneurs of our time, who started Eckō Unltd out of his parents' garage and turned it into a media empire, Marc Eckō reveals his formula for building an authentic brand or business. Marc Eckō began his career by spray-painting t-shirts in the garage of his childhood home in suburban New Jersey. A graffiti artist with no connections and no fashion pedigree, he left the safety net of pharmacy school to start his own company. Armed with only hustle, sweat equity, and creativity, he flipped a $5,000 bag of cash into a global corporation now worth $500 million. Unlabel is a success story, but it's one that shares the bruises, scabs, and gut-wrenching mistakes that every entrepreneur must overcome to succeed. Through his personal prescription for success--the Authenticity Formula--Eckō recounts his many innovations and misadventures in his journey from misfit kid to the CEO. It wasn't a meteoric rise; in fact, it was a rollercoaster that dipped to the edge of bankruptcy and even to national notoriety, but this is an underdog story we can learn from: Ecko's doubling down on the core principles of the brand and his formula for action over talk are all lessons for today's entrepreneurs. Ecko offers a brash message with his inspirational story: embrace pain, take risks, and be yourself. Unlabel demonstrates that, like or not, you are a brand and it's up you to take control of it and create something authentic. Unlabel is a groundbreaking guide to channeling your creativity, finding the courage to defy convention, and summoning the confidence to act and be competitive in any environment"--
The first shop stewards' movement
Contemporary perspectives on masculinity : men, women, and politics in modern society
Unlocking the iron cage : the men's movement, gender politics, and American culture
Malaysia : the business traveller's handbook
The birthday party
A capitalist in North Korea : my seven years in the hermit kingdom
Stone's fall
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
50 speeches that made the modern world
If I were a Labour leader
The soft talkers
My stormy voyage through life. Vol. 1
Japanese business pioneers
Sam Walton : made in America, me story
The Promise Keepers : politics and promises
Trump : the art of the deal
Kowloon Tong : a novel
The snowball : Warren Buffett and the business of life
Virgin rebel : Richard Branson in his own words
A hologram for the king : a novel
A passion for winning : fifty years of promoting legendary people and products
Desire me always
Seducing the heiress
Trump revealed : an American journey of ambition, ego, money, and power
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
Trump : the art of the comeback
Return to happiness
Ms. magazine founder Steinem sets the tone in her foreword for this excellent collection of essays: "Make no mistake about it: women want a men's movement." As the nearly 20 articles by some of today's prominent feminists (bell hooks, Rosemary Radford Reuther, Ursula Le Guin) reveal, however, contemporary women are very particular about the kind of men's movement they desire--not the drum-thumping "wild man" movement espoused by Robert Bly and his ilk. Women want, as Starhawk points out, a movement in which men give up domination in favor of creative partnership. They want a movement in which men seek not a "kinder, gentler patriarchy," as Hagan calls it in her brief but pointed introduction, but to get in touch with their feminine side. The dynamics of the Bly-type movement are carefully analyzed here (e.g. Margaret Randall's deft analysis of how Bly blames women for the "softness" of contemporary men). By far the best contribution in the volume is that of Jane Caputi and Gordene A. MacKenzie, who show how images of women are manipulated or even excluded from much of our popular culture.
Memoirs
Business in North Korea: a paradoxical and fascinating situation is interpreted by a true insider. In 2002, the Swiss power company ABB appointed Felix Abt its country director for North Korea. The Swiss entrepreneur lived and worked in North Korea for seven years, one of the few foreign businessmen there. After the experience, Abt felt compelled to write 'A capitalist in North Korea' to describe the multifaceted society he encountered. North Korea, at the time, was heavily sanctioned by the UN, which made it extremely difficult to do business. Yet, he discovered that it was a place where plastic surgery and South Korean TV dramas were wildly popular and where he rarely needed to walk more than a block to grab a quick hamburger. He was closely monitored, and once faced accusations of spying, yet he learned that young North Koreans are hopeful--signing up for business courses in anticipation of a brighter, more open, future. In 'A capitalist in North Korea', Abt shares these and many other unusual facts and insights about one of the world's most secretive nations.
The Tao of Warren Buffett : Warren Buffett's words of wisdom : quotations and interpretations to help guide you to billionaire wealth and enlightened business management
Kazakhstan : the business traveller's handbook
Elon Musk : Tesla, SpaceX, and the quest for a fantastic future
San Francisco : The Very Best Of Scott McKenzie
Kone's prince : the colorful life of Pekka Herlin
Americanah
The armies
Behind God's back
Sidney Sheldon's After the darkness
Politics of masculinities : men in movements
Business the Richard Branson way : 10 secrets of the world's greatest brand builder
Men's viewpoints on gender equality
Making men into fathers : men, masculinities, and the social politics of fatherhood
Fairburn system : the Fairburn System of visual references ; set No. 1 : male and female - full figure and hands. Book 1, male - full figure
The secret
"A dream of liberty" : Constance Markievicz's vision of Ireland, 1908-1927
""A collection of direct quotes from Richard Branson on topics related to business, entrepreneurship, the Virgin Group, philanthropy, and life"--Provided by publisher"--
Against the tide : pro-feminist men in the states 1776-1990 : a documentary history
