http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6364 emancipation
emancipation
Utopian feminism : women's movements in fin-de-siècle Vienna
Voices : the pioneering spirit of women in Jordania
Gender planning is not an end in itself but a means by which women, through a process of empowerment, can emancipate themselves. Ultimately, its success depends on the capacity of women's organizations to confront subordination and create successful alliances which will provide constructive support in negotiating women's needs at the level of household, civil society, the state and the global system. Gender Planning and Developmentprovides an introduction to an issue of primary importance and constant debate. It will be essential reading for academics, practitioners, undergraduates and trainees in anthropology, development studies, women's studies and social policy.
How the vote was won : woman suffrage in the western United States, 1868-1914
Theodor W. Adorno : an introduction
Justice and the politics of difference
Feminism and the Marxist movement
The militant suffrage movement : citizenship and resistance in Britain, 1860-1930
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
A discussion of the work of feminist thinkers from the last three hundred years, which features contributions from contemporary writers such as Ann Oakley and Alix Kates Shulman on the feminist intellectual tradition pioneered by the likes of Aphra Benn, Christabel Pankhurst and Virginia Woolf.
Becoming visible : women's presence in late nineteenth-century America
The button box : lifting the lid on women's lives
Women
Woman in Soviet Lithuania
Scream from the shadows : the women's liberation movement in Japan
Problems of women's liberation : a Marxist approach
Women's Lib i Aristophanes' Athen?
Politics on the edges of liberalism : difference, populism, revolution, agitation
The essays in Transitions, Environments, Translations explore the varied meanings of feminism in different political, cultural, and historical contexts. They respond to the claim that feminism is Western in origin and universalist in theory, and to the assumption that feminist goals are self-evident and the same in all contexts. Rather than assume that there is a blueprint by which to measure the strength or success of feminism in different parts of the world, these essays consider feminism to be a site of local, national and international conflict. They ask: What is at stake in various political efforts by women in different parts of the world? What meanings have women given to their efforts? What has been their relationship to feminism--as a concept and as an international movement? What happens when feminist ideas are translated from one language, one political context, to another?
Sport and the emancipation of European women : the struggle for self-fulfilment
Jewish emancipation in a German city : Cologne, 1798-1871
Critical approaches to international security
Our lives, our dreams : Soviet women speak
Gender and science : late nineteenth-century debates on the female mind and body
Gender planning and development : theory, practice and training
Passions of the first wave feminists
Family and familia in Roman law and life
"Though there has been much research on the incomplete emancipation project of state socialism in Central East Europe, very little has been published on how the state and its institutions conceived of gender as a concept. This book seeks to understand if and how this conceptualization developed in the second half of the 20th century, and what impact it had on everyday life and on culture. This study moves beyond the dichotomous gender perspectives and towards a nuanced understanding of the diverse discursive negotiations, agendas, actors, and agency involved in state socialist gender practices. Including a detailed case study on the Czech part of Czechoslovakia, contributors explore these issues in a series of independent, but collaboratively developed studies, placing their research in the context of other East Central European countries. The studies collected in the volume bring to light fresh material and consider it from the combined perspective of current gender theory and internal ideological dynamics of state socialism, breaking new ground in gender theory, cultural theory, and studies of state socialism.This book will be of interest to students and scholars of gender studies, socialism, Cold-War politics and Eastern European politics"--
Scientific realism, human emancipation, and nonviolent political action
Victoria Woodhull's sexual revolution : political theater and the popular press in nineteenth-century America
Modern love : an intimate history of men and women in twentieth-century Britain
Voice & matter : communication, development and the cultural return
Living with patriarchy : discursive constructions of gendered subjects across cultures
The problem of slavery in the age of emancipation
"Nicolas de Condorcet (1743-1794), the innovating founder of mathematical thinking in politics, was the last great philosophe of the French Enlightenment and a central figure in the early years of the French Revolution. His political writings give a compelling vision of human progress across world history and express the hopes of that time in the future perfectibility of man. This volume contains a revised translation of 'The Sketch', written while in hiding from the Jacobin Terror, together with lesser-known writings on the emancipation of women, the abolition of slavery, the meanings of freedom and despotism and reflections on revolutionary violence. The introduction by Steven Lukes and Nadia Urbinati sets these works in context and shows why Condorcet is of real interest today as we reinterpret the meaning of Enlightenment, the very idea of progress and the founding ideas of social democracy"--
Emancipation and poverty : the Ashkenazi Jews of Amsterdam, 1796-1850
Secret freedom in the city : women's wage work and agency in Calcutta
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
Women in twentieth-century Europe
The everyday womanhood : a methodological journey to an entwined process
Social death and resurrection : slavery and emancipation in South Africa
Collision of emancipation and didacticism : the development of Finnish Girls’ Literature 1889- 2011.
Englishmen and Jews : social relations and political culture 1840-1914
The women's liberation movement in Russia : feminism, nihilism, and bolshevism, 1860-1930
The Arab State and women's rights : the trap of authoritarian governance
The Remaking of social contracts : global feminists in the 21st century
Finnish women's roles and status in János Kodolányi's travelogue
Voices and votes : a literary anthology of the women's suffrage campaign
The rector's wife
Feminism, economics, and utopia : time travelling through paradigms
Women's suffrage in the British Empire : citizenship, nation, and race
Quintessence...realizing the archaic future : a radical elemental feminist manifesto
Feminist theory : from margin to center
Scattered hegemonies : postmodernity and transnational feminist practices
Feminist interpretation of the Bible and the hermeneutics of liberation
The politics of gender culture under state socialism : an expropriated voice
Darling, you can't do both : and other noise to ignore on your way up
Womanews
Greating a national brand of 'Girl' : comparing Marimekko's Mari Girl with Helen Gurley Brown's Single Girl during the 1960s and 70s
The dictionary of feminist theory
Beyond God the Father : toward a philosophy of women's liberation
Sex equality and emancipation : genderpolitical models
Conservative Suffragists : the women's vote and the Tory Party
The emancipation of women : the rise and decline of the women's movement in German social democracy 1863-1933
The emancipation of women
Inclusive research with people with learning disabilities : past, present, and futures
Weimar through the lens of gender : prostitution reform, woman's emancipation, and German democracy, 1919-33
Fall of giants
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Condorcet : political writings
The feminist movement in Germany 1894-1933
Sex, state and society : comparative perspectives on the history of sexuality
The new woman and other emancipated woman plays
Democratizing biblical studies : toward an emancipatory educational space
Infidel feminism : secularism, religion and women's emancipation, England 1830-1914
Three types of feminist criticism : and Jean Rhys's Wide Sargasso Sea
Realist ontology for futures studies
Gender, manumission, and the Roman freedwoman
The unseen
A new world for women : Stella Browne: socialist feminist
Women in Stuart England and America : a comparative study
Transitions, environments, transaltions : feminisms in international politics
Manning up : how the rise of women has turned men into boys
Women in the Footsteps of the Buddha : Struggle for Liberation in the Therigatha
The great white lie : slavery, emancipation and changing racial attitudes
Personal politics : the roots of women's liberation in the civil rights movement and the new left
Collision of emancipation and didacticism : the development of Finnish Girls' Literature 1889–2011.
Feminist theorists : three centuries of women's intellectual traditions
Women's voices : female authors and feminist criticism in the Finnish literary tradition / edited by Päivi Lappalainen & Lea Rojola
A debate on Jewish emancipation and Christian theology in old Berlin
The making of the modern Iranian woman : gender, state policy, and popular culture, 1865-1946
Emancipation(s)
Reconstructing security : interpreting the police with Tunisian student union activists
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 02/2008, [Reform of the revolution]
Barbarella ; The wrath of the minute-eater
Researchers studying gender politics in Arab societies have been puzzled by a phenomenon common in many Arab states – while women are granted suffrage rights, they are often discriminated against by the state in their private lives. This book addresses this phenomenon, maintaining that the Arab state functions according to a certain "logic" and "patterns" which have direct consequences on its gender policies, in both the public and private spheres. Using the features of the Arab Authoritarian state as a basis for a theoretical framework of analysis, the author draws on detailed fieldwork and first-hand interviews to study women's rights in three countries - Yemen, Syria, and Kuwait. She argues that the puzzle may be resolved once we focus on the features of the Arab state, and its stage of development. Offering a new approach to the study of gender and politics in Arab states, this book will be of great interest to scholars and students of gender studies, international politics and Middle East studies.
Megatrends for women
Literature as an educational tool for enhancing emancipatory learning : a literary analysis of the Mozambican writer Paulina Chiziane's novel Niketche
Slavery, freedom and gender : the dynamics of Caribbean society
The Black Worker : Race, Labor and Civil Rights since Emancipation
Who is Ana Mendieta?
From the revered historian--winner of nearly every award given in his field--the long-awaited conclusion of his magisterial three-volume history of slavery in Western culture that has been more than fifty years in the making. David Brion Davis is one of the foremost historians of our time, and in this final volume in his monumental trilogy on slavery in Western culture he offers highly original, authoritative, and penetrating insight into what slavery and emancipation meant to Americans. He explores how the Haitian revolution terrified and inspired white and black Americans respectively, and offers a commanding analysis of the complex and misunderstood significance of "colonization"--the project to move freed slaves back to Africa--to members of both races and all political persuasions. Davis vividly portrays the dehumanizing impact of slavery, as well as the generally unrecognized importance of freed slaves to abolition. And he explores the influence of religion on American ideas about emancipation. Above all, he captures the ways in which America wrestled with the knotty problem of moving forward into an age of emancipation. This is a landmark work: a brilliant conclusion to one of the great works of American history.
Desiring emancipation : new women and homosexuality in Germany, 1890-1933
The emancipation of Russian Christianity
Women, race & class
In this classic work of feminist political thought, Iris Marion Young challenges the prevailing reduction of social justice to distributive justice. It critically analyzes basic concepts underlying most theories of justice, including impartiality, formal equality, and the unitary moral subjectivity. The starting point for her critique is the experience and concerns of the new social movements about decision making, cultural expression, and division of labor - that were created by marginal and excluded groups, including women, African Americans, and American Indians, as well as gays and lesbians. Iris Young defines concepts of domination and oppression to cover issues eluding the distributive model. Democratic theorists, according to Young do not adequately address the problem of an inclusive participatory framework. By assuming a homogeneous public, they fail to consider institutional arrangements for including people not culturally identified with white European male norms of reason and respectability. Young urges that normative theory and public policy should undermine group-based oppression by affirming rather than suppressing social group difference. Basing her vision of the good society on the differentiated, culturally plural network of contemporary urban life, she argues for a principle of group representation in democratic publics and for group-differentiated policies. Danielle Allen's new foreword contextualizes Young's work and explains how debates surrounding social justice have changed since - and been transformed by - the original publication of Justice and the Politics of Difference .
Jewish history in modern times
The Routledge companion to feminism and postfeminism
Woman in Soviet Estonia
Women in German history : from bourgeois emancipation to sexual liberation
Woman into citizen : the world movement towards the emancipation of women in the twentieth century with accounts of the contributions of the international alliance of women, the League of Nations and the relevant organisations of United Nations
Disability studies today
Moses Montefiore : Jewish liberator, imperial hero
Approachable for general readers as well as for students in women's studies related courses at all levels, this invaluable guide follows the unique Companion format in combining over a dozen in-depth background chapters with more than 400 A-Z dictionary entries. The background chapters are written by major figures in the field of feminist studies, and include thorough coverage of the history of feminism, as well as extensive discussions of topics such as Postfeminism, Men in Feminism, Feminism and New Technologies and Feminism and Philosophy. The dictionary entries cover the major individuals and issues essential to an understanding both of feminism's roots and of the trends that are shaping its future. Readers will find entries on people such as Aphra Behn, Simone de Beauvoir, Princess Diana, Courtney Love and Robert Bly, and on subjects such as Afro-American feminism, cosmetic surgery, the 'new man', prostitution, reproductive technologies and 'slasher' films.
Are there feminist, economic utopian visions amongst feminist economists? What are these visions? Is there a common vision for feminist economics or should there be? Can feminist economics be effective without a utopian vision? Comprehensive and original, this book surveys the entire field of utopian literature; from Plato to the present. Answering a range of questions and written by a rising star in feminist economics it provides explanations of: the different kinds of feminist, the evolution of feminist thought, the development of feminist economics, the history and sources of utopias as a theoretical and/or literary tool. This volume is a must for all students studying the intersection of gender and economics.
The end of men and the rise of women
The Enlightenment
Humanitarian, philanthropist, and campaigner for Jewish emancipation on a grand scale, Sir Moses Montefiore (17841885) was the preeminent Jewish figure of the nineteenth centuryand one of the first truly global celebrities. His story is a remarkable and illuminating tale of diplomacy and adventure. Abigail Green's sweeping biography follows Montefiore through the realms of court and ghetto, tsar and sultan, synagogue and stock exchange.
100 years of emancipation : essays by Harry V. Jaffa ... [et al.]
This work offers a new view of suffrage-era feminism in Australia, located in rich cultural, social and political context, which also presents a new view of the decades around federation.
Badiou, Balibar, Rancière : re-thinking emancipation
The emancipatory city? : paradoxes and possibilities
Jo's boys
Gendering awakening : femininity and the Russian woman question of the 1860s
Readings in rhetorical criticism
What is this nonsense? : on the political in visual art with basis in surrealism and pataphysics
Developing an education program with 'marginalized' communities : learning from Sokola, a local NGO in Indonesia
