http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p636 work stations (computing)
work stations (computing)
Towards gender equity in Japanese and Nordic labour markets : a tale of two paths
Juggling : a memoir of work, family and feminism
Cultural aspects of feminism in relation with home economics in Romania
Approaches on gender equality in development cooperation : a comparison between the international, national and project levels
Improving distributed simulation in a workstation environment
Beyond female masochism : memory-work and politics
Abstract.
Women working : theories and facts in perspective
Vance, a former marine and Yale Law School graduate, provides an account of growing up in a poor Rust Belt town that offers a broader, probing look at the struggles of America's white working class. The decline of this group, a demographic of our country that has been slowly disintegrating over forty years, has been reported on with growing frequency and alarm. J. D. Vance tells the true story of what a social, regional, and class decline feels like when you were born with it hung around your neck. The Vance family story begins hopefully in postwar America. J. D.'s grandparents were "dirt poor and in love," and moved north from Kentucky's Appalachia region to Ohio in the hopes of escaping the dreadful poverty around them. They raised a middle-class family, and eventually their grandchild (the author) would graduate from Yale Law School, a conventional marker of their success in achieving generational upward mobility. But as the family saga of Hillbilly Elegy plays out, we learn that this is only the short, superficial version. Vance's grandparents, aunt, uncle, sister, and, most of all, his mother, struggled profoundly with the demands of their new middle-class life, and were never able to fully escape the legacy of abuse, alcoholism, poverty, and trauma so characteristic of their part of America.
A healthcare case study : Fillwell
Redundant women
Opening up new opportunities in gender equality work
Gender and family among transnational professionals
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Life expectancy by labor force status and social class : recent period and cohort trends and projections for Finland
Pro tools 7 power : the comprehensive guide
Integration of intelligent picking panel devices into FlexLink automation solutions
SAMS Teach yourself freeBSD in 24 hours
Reflections on women in working life
From needs to competencies : a case study on the integration of a rights based approach into NGO practises
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
Pro Tools surround sound mixing
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
The great office detox : minimize stress and maximize job satisfaction
The woman question
Mother leads best : 50 women who are changing the way organizations define leadership
United Nations assistance for the advancement of women : report
Risk Management in Social Work : Preventing Professional Malpractice, Liability, and Disciplinary Action
From formal employment to street vending : women's room to maneuver and labor market decisions under conditions of export-orientation - the case Penang, Malaysia
Women, state, and ideology : studies from Africa and Asia
Education as a vehicle for mobility? : exploring the relationship between ethnicity, education and labor market positioning in the Netherlands
Peer-to-peer : harnessing the benefits of a disruptive technology
Customising Windows system policies and introduction to the Citrix MetaFrame system
Tiivistelmä: System Center Configuration Manager 2012.
Macroergonomics : theory, methods and applications
Doing women's studies : employment, opportunities, personal impacts and social consequences
Engineering problem solving with MATLAB
The cocktail waitress : woman's work in a man's world
Women, work and protest : a century of US women's labor history
Why men earn more : the startling truth behind the pay gap--and what women can do about it
Macroergonomics : an introduction to work system design
Young people in Finland : the status and activities of young people 2010
In this paper, the relationship between education and labor market positioning for Surinamese Dutch in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, is explored. The relationship is measured at two points with a 10 year interval. Over these years, little change can be noted in labor market positioning, while educational achievements increase drastically. In the discussion, several explanations are suggested. The relationship between education and labor market positioning in the country today is used to conclude that in Amsterdam and the Netherlands, the relationship between education and labor market positioning is not linear and local data are needed to understand local labor markets to the fullest..
Women's career strategy choices and fertility in Finland
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 : administrator's pocket consultant
VMware Workstation - no experience necessary : get started with VMware Workstation to create virtual machines and a virtual testing platform
Women and paid work : issues of equality
Engineering problem solving with Matlab
Gendered violence : patterns and causes of women-to-women violence in the Lake Zone regions of Tanzania, East Africa
Enterprise transaction processing systems : putting the CORBA OTS, Encina++ and OrbixOTM to work
Work position, work autonomy and workplace mobility : the case of manual workers in small industrial firms in Finland
The implications of migration for gender and care regimes in the south
Handbook of control room design and ergonomics
Careers working with children and young people
Abstract: Integration of intelligent picking panel devices into FlexLink automation solutions.
Voices of the heart : Asian American women on immigration, work, and family
By the sweat & toil of children. Vol. 1, The use of child labor U.S. manufactured and mined imports
Working-class wives : their health and conditions
Enterprise security
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
Charasteristics of urban regions and all-cause mortality in working-age population : effects of social environment and interactions with individual unemployment
System Center Operations Manager 2007 unleashed
Pro Tools power! : practical tips and concepts for the efficient use of Pro Tools
Ergonomics : how to design the workplace
Women and symbolic interaction
With the expansion of the EU in 2004, the free movement of workers across the Continent will further affect the employment opportunities of women. This sociological study explores the complex inter-relationship between women's employment, equal opportunities and Women's Studies training. This volume provides unique information about, and insightful analysis of, the changing patterns of women's employment in Europe; equal opportunities in a cross-European perspective; educational migration; gender, race, ethnicity and nationality; and the uneven prevalence and impact of Women's Studies on the lifestyles and everyday practices of those women who have experienced it.
NGOs and the implementation of active labour market policies : the case of Finland and Sweden
Those who leave and those who stay
Women in the informal sector : (professional inaugural lecture)
Engineering problem solving with ANSI C: : Fundamental concepts
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
Women's working lives : patterns and strategies
Mastering VMware vSphere5
Women, work, and family
System center Configuration Manager 2012
Disability retirement : socioeconomic differences and health outcomes
Managing women : disciplining labor in modern Japan
Combo : intelligent nomadic workstation
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
A Finland fit for children : the National Finnish Plan of Action called for the special session on children of the UN General Assembly
Women workers : an annotated bibliography, 1983-84
Computer architecture : a quantitative approach
Handbook of human factors in medical device design
Women's work and family values, 1920-1940
Abstract (1 lehti). Summary (lehdet 27-33).
PXE : Preboot Execution Environment
Hillbilly elegy : a memoir of a family and culture in crisis
Women workers and the industrial revolution 1750-1850
Expectations and visions of elderly care among people aged 50-59 years : the report of transnational survey in Finland, the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary & The country report of Finland (in Finnish)
Underfed, underpaid and overlooked : women, the key to food security in South Asia
Women and women's work in Finland
Windows system policy editor
Design and implementation of Peer-to-peer networks
Doing research, making science: the memory of Roma workers
Office ladies and salaried men : power, gender, and work in Japanese companies
Understanding Microsoft virtualization solutions : from the desktop to the datacenter
The thruth is that no one, until now, has bothered to find out. Women who lose their jobs are not even properly recorded in unemployment statistics: it is assumed that they are absorbed back into 'the family'. Angela Coyle's original and immensely important study explodes this myth for ever.
A 1975 classic, this highly readable, in-depth study examines a familiar female role in contemporary American society. The authors apply fieldwork methods to the study of social behavior in a college bar--as viewed from the perspective of cocktail waitresses. They describe in detail the day-to-day lives of women and the meaning of work for women in a man's world. Not a feminist tract, their book provides a wealth of empirical data on the nature of being female in our culture. The Cocktail Waitress examines female/male relationships as well as patterns of male dominance in social interaction, and shows how these are linked to more general issues in anthropology. The work teaches important social science concepts while always dealing with the college student's own world. Its objective presentation of the waitress casts light on significant social issues and the role of women in today's society, together with the manner in which female-male roles are interlocked.
Women's leader-member relationships during pregnancy and the return to work
Essential Mac OS X Panther server administration
Women in the Labour movement : the British experience
Keeping alive the symbol : a case study of the Israeli and Palestinian women of the Jerusalem Link
Physical activity from adolescence to adulthood and health-related fitness at age 31:cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses of the Northern Finland birth cohort of 1966
