http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6362 man's status
man's status
The hearts of men : American dreams and the flight from commitment
Moulding masculinities. 2, Bending bodies
Developing studies on men in the Nordic context : a report on men's cultures and networks seminar 4.10.2002, Helsinki
Replacing misandry : a revolutionary history of men
Male bias in the development process
Limits of meritocracy : how fields of study and gender segregation affect social stratification in Finland
Man up : surviving modern masculinity
Performing American masculinities : the 21st-century man in popular culture
Gender equality barometer 2012
Gendered entanglements : re-visiting gender in rapidly changing Asia
An analysis of recent cultural evolution argues that the abandonment by men of the traditional male commitment to the "breadwinner ethic" has had the greatest impact on changing sex roles.
Mars and Venus in the workplace : a practical guide for improving communication and getting results at work
Women and men in Finland
Gender and subject in higher education
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
The end of masculinity : the confusion of sexual genesis and sexual difference in modern society
Butterflies of the Night is an American woman's inside view of Japan's lively and powerful nightclub world. Includes interviews with women in both high-end clubs and the sleazy end of the business, as well as comments from customers of geisha houses as well as sex clubs.
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Stiffed : the betrayal of the modren man
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
Gendered lives : gender inequalities in production and reproduction
Women and men in the Nordic countries : facts and figures 1999.
Men in African film and fiction
Slow motion : changing masculinities, changing men
Gender and space in early modern England
The masculinities reader
Theorizing patriarchy
Aims to integrate a gender-perspective into various fields without isolating them from other theoretical accounts. The articles attempt to employ insights from feminist work and gender studies in general, yet insist on criticizing monolithic accounts of masculinity and elaborating on more differentiated, historically and socially embedded accounts of men's lives and their construction of masculinities. The collection is the result of interdisciplinary workshops focusing on questions of male sexuality, the male body and masculine representations - primarily investigation of the relationship between change and continuity within Western patriarchal society and the theoretical (rather than political) implications of the new research in men and masculinities.
Cultivating gender : meanings of place and work in rural Vietnam
Should we worry about family change?
Summary (s. 3)
Masculinity : identity, conflict and transformation
Emotional rescue : the theory and practice of a feminist father
In the first three volumes of this series, Paul Nathanson and Katherine Young challenge theories about patriarchy that ideological forms of feminism have promoted. In this volume, they argue that we must replace those misandric theories with one that takes seriously the needs and problems of boys and men no less than those of girls and women; at the same time, they add, we must maintain the reforms that egalitarian forms of feminism have promoted. With both factors in mind, they trace the history of men - that is, culturally organized perceptions of the male body and its masculine functions - over the past ten thousand years. They show how these perceptions have evolved in connection with a series of technological and cultural revolutions: horticultural, agricultural, industrial, military, and now reproductive. This new approach sets the stage for understanding a profound and growing problem that our society must face: the increasing inability of boys and men to create or sustain a healthy collective identity. The authors define this as an identity that is distinctive, necessary, and therefore publicly valued. Without a healthy and positive identity, two current trends will continue: giving up (dropping out of school, society, or even life itself) and attacking a society that has no room for men specifically as men, believing that even a negative identity, acted out in antisocial ways, is better than none at all.
Men and masculinities in Europe
Why men don't iron : the new reality of gender differences
The masculinity studies reader
Butterflies of the night : mama-sans, geisha, strippers, and the Japanese men they serve
In The Redundant Male: Is sex irrelevant in the modern world? British science writers Jeremy Cherfas and John Gribbin ask the question, 'Why do women bother to have sons?' Women would propagate more prolifically if they had only girls; eventually those that had only girls would replace those that wasted their time having boys. This has happened many times in other species, asexual varieties displacing sexual varieties because of more effective reproduction. Why didn't it happen in ours? To answer they lay the groundwork by studying the means of reproduction across species. In some genera asexual species dominate and, in many environments, have displaced sexual species entirely. They find the illustrative examples such as the Jacana, a tropical American bird whose females mate with multiple males, the males incubating the eggs (the males build nests to encourage a female to give them an egg.); hermaphroditic snails and fish (they switch between sex as their relative population warrants, or do both at once.); an insect like the Ascaris Lumbricoides, a parasitic worm whose male lives only in the cloaca of the female; the stickleback, a fish whose male makes the nest and chases the female away after she lays her eggs and raises the fry alone; crocodiles and turtles whose eggs develop into males or females depending upon their temperature (but with an opposite relationship between the two.) The authors search for common threads that explain the diversity of sexual strategies, why different strategies work for different species and where humans fit in this spectrum, relating human physical characteristics to human sexual strategies.
Changing men, transforming culture : inside the men's movement
Dismantling black manhood : a historical and literary analysis of the legacy of slavery
Navigating gender : a framework and a tool for participatory development
Women and men in Finland 2014
The sexual metaphor
Gender relations in transnational organisations : a theoretical, conceptual and methodological overview
The division of power between men and women in different societies
Love or greatness : Max Weber and masculine thinking : a feminist inquiry
Women's leader-member relationships during pregnancy and the return to work
At the heart of freedom : feminism, sex, and equality
Recreating sexual politics : men, feminism and politics
Gendertelling in organizations : narratives from male-dominated environments
Gendered pasts : historical essays in femininity and masculinity in Canada
This book has been written specifically to address the need for a systematic but critical review of contemporary perspectives on masculinity and identity. The authors cover a range of perspectives from biological analysis and psychoanalytical accounts, through role theories, sociological theories of social structure and social relations, to cultural analysis and feminist approaches.
The cultural myth of masculinity
Be a man! : males in modern society
Three generations, two genders, one world : women and men in a changing century
The redundant male : is sex irrelevant in the modern world?
Sylvia Walby provides an overview of recent theoretical debates - Marxism, radical and liberal feminism, post-structuralism and dual systems theory. She shows how each can be applied to a range of substantive topics from paid work, housework and the state, to culture, sexuality and violence, relying on the most up-to-date empirical findings. Arguing that patriarchy has been vigorously adaptable to the changes in women's position, and that some of women's hard-won social gains have been transformed into new traps, Walby proposes a combination of class analysis with radical feminist theory to explain gender relations in terms of both patriarchal and capitalist structure.
Men in perspective : practice, power and identity
A man's world? : changing men's practices in a globalized world
Gender in agriculture and agro-processing in Lebanon
Published in 1937, twelve years before Orwell's 1984, Swastika Night projects a totally male-controlled fascist world that has eliminated women as we know them. Women are breeders, kept as cattle, while men in this post-Hitlerian world are embittered automatons, fearful of all feelings, having abolished all history, education, creativity, books, and art. The plot centers on a misfit who asks, “How could this have happened?”
To be a man : a guide to true masculine power
The concept of gender continues to be a central issue in literary and cultural studies, with a significance that crosses disciplinary boundaries and provokes lively debate. In this fully revised and updated second edition, David Glover and Cora Kaplan offer a lucid and illuminating introduction to 'gender' and its implications, including:an overview of the critical language and concepts surrounding gender from their historical inception to contemporary debates ; discussions of the major theorists in the field updated and extended coverage of lesbian and queer theory ; a new glossary of terms essential to an understanding of the debate on gender in contemporary theory. With its impressive breadth and depth of coverage, this volume offers not only a comprehensive history of this complex term, but also indicates its ongoing presence in literary and cultural theory and the new directions it is taking.
Cornell begins by discussing what she believes lies at the heart of freedom: the ability for all individuals to pursue happiness in their own way, especially in matters of love and sex. This is only possible, she argues, if we protect the "imaginary domain"--a psychic and moral space in which individuals can explore their own sources of happiness. She writes that equality with men does not offer such protection, in part because men themselves are not fully free. Instead, women must focus on ensuring that individuals face minimal interference from the state and from oppressive cultural norms. They must also respect some controversial individual choices. Cornell argues in favor of permitting same-sex couples to marry and adopt children, for example. She presses for access to abortion and for universal day care. She also justifies lifestyles that have not always been supported by other feminists, ranging from staying at home as a primary caregiver to engaging in prostitution. She argues that men should have similar freedoms--thus returning feminism to its promise that freedom for women would mean freedom for all.
Gender inequalities in the 21st century : new barriers and continuing constraints
Why men earn more : the startling truth behind the pay gap--and what women can do about it
Men in the lives of young children ; an international perspective
Making men : the formation of elite male identities in England, C.1660-1900 : a sourcebook
Recycled inequalities : youth and gender in George compound, Zambia
Changing men in Southern Africa
Towards a balanced society : women and men in Estonia
"Men aren't what they used to be" : Male-female relationships in Kate Atkinson's crime fiction
The book of man
The manipulated man
Discussions on men's studies
Soft patriarchs, new men : how Christianity shapes fathers and husbands
The new Soviet man and woman : sex-role socialization in the USSR
The gendering of inequalities : women, men and work
He and she : men in the eighties
The Brokeback book : from story to cultural phenomenon
Women and men in Europe and North America 2000
Man and home : the home, its physical premises and limits from the perspective of male graduates born in the 1960s
Families, labour markets and gender roles : a report on a European research workshop
The decline of males
Women after all : sex, evolution, and the end of male supremacy
Women and men in the Nordic Countries : facts on equal opportunities yesterday, today and tomorrow
Towards new masculinities : report from a nordic conference on men and gender equality
Global coasts : life changes, gender challenges
Moulding masculinities. 1, Among men
Summary.
Men, Gender Divisions and Welfareis a fresh look at the balance of responsibilities and control in care-giving in both the public and private spheres. Using previously unpublished empirical data, the contributors focus on male experiences of welfare services, especially in consideration of how health care providers have traditionally "given" women the role of responsibility for others' welfare. The contributors also present both men's views on their responsibilities as fathers and husbands and the experience of male caregivers.
The handmaid's tale
Men, gender divisions and welfare
Lone fathers and masculinities
Thirtysomething : television, women, men, and work
This work, first published in 1990, reissues the first thorough examination of the essentially masculine nature of Max Weber's social and political thinking. Through a detailed examination of his central texts, the author demonstrates Weber's masculine reading of 'social life' and shows how his work advocates a masculine form of life that poses a challenge to contemporary women and to feminism. In particular, she addresses the patriarchal implications of Weber's belief in the need to relegate the ethic of brotherly love to a private sphere in order to make possible rational action and the achievement of greatness in the public sphere.
The Masculinities Reader provides a clear and comprehensive introduction to the key debates informing the study of masculinity. Structured in an accessible format, the book makes available in a single text some of the most important work on a range of subjects including male power; patriarchy; management and organizations; sexualities; gay friendships; sport; intimacy; identity; hegemonic masculinity; violence; schooling; language; homophobia; Black, Latino and Chicano masculinities; families; media; postmodernism; and subjectivity. The book opens with a substantive introductory chapter that looks at masculinity in crisis, post-feminism, men's power, changing men, nature/nurture debates and concepts of identity. Recognizing the global dimensions of gender change, the book draws on research from many corners of the world. The Masculinities Reader is an essential text for students and researchers concerned with exploring men and masculinities. In providing a unique overview of an increasingly important field of sociological enquiry, this book will be an invaluable addition to students and academics in sociology, gender studies, cultural studies, and a range of other disciplines.
Wild at heart : field manual ; a personal guide to discovering the secret of your masculine soul
Civil society and gender justice : historical and comparative perspective
Between men and feminism
Islands in the Stream / Ernest Hemingway
Abstract: Professional dominance? Lawyers and government in Finland.
How can mainstream models and classifications be used in analyzing welfare states and gender? What sorts of modifications to traditional theory are required? These and other questions are addressed in this book - the first to synthesize the insights of feminist and mainstream research in examining the impact of gender on welfare state analysis and outcomes. The text also highlights the effect of welfare state policies on women and men. The international and interdisciplinary contributors approach the subject on two levels. First, they test the applicability of mainstream frameworks to new areas in analyzing gender. Second, they highlight possible reconceptualizations and innovative frameworks designed to provide gender-based analyses. These approaches are combined with a strong comparative component, focusing on a cross-section of countries of major interest in welfare state research.
New men : manliness in early America
Re-thinking men : heroes, villains and victims
Manhood in America : a cultural history
Gendering modern Japanese history
Evaluating the profound effect that the women's movement has had on men, this monograph intends to provide a serious response to the feminist challenge. The author combines his personal history and reactions to feminism with a review of existing ideas, and a look at how roles are changing.
Reassessing fatherhood : new observations on fathers and the modern family
The black male in white America
Beyond the veil : male-female dynamics in Muslim society
Beautiful mothers and appealing monks : mentalities of the Franco era in the 1955 Spanish film Marcelino, pan y vino
