http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p637 computing equipment
computing equipment
The story of Dipteria : a computer work station to enhance group work in the office
Applications for the SPIN model checker : a survey
Firmware implementation for the EVTEK-51 development platform
Technical guidelines for virtual classroom arrangements
Requirement engineering process for cash management system : case study: Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited
Implementation of common cost estimation tool in KRP division : Andritz Oy, KRP Division, Varkaus
WCDMA BTS architecture and functionality
Get started on your Mac
CSC news : High performance computing and networking in Finland
Computer architecture : a quantitative approach
Hardware/firmware interface design : best practices for improving embedded systems development
Computer architecture : from microprocessors to supercomputers
OS X El Capitan: the missing manual : the book that should have been in the box
Fundamentals of digital logic with VHDL design
Hacking the Xbox : an introduction to reverse engineering
The principles of computer hardware
Handbook of information security management 1999
The purpose of this thesis project was to improve the business activities of Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited.      Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited is a Nigerian electronics store. The store has four stores one of them being the head office with a warehouse to keep the excess products. The stores sell different varieties of electronics and electrical products, such as pressing irons, videos, speakers, air conditioner and computers among others.      Presently, the keeping of records in the stores is done manually so there are some problems associated with that since there are no automated systems in use. Coordinating the activities of all stores and the head office warehouse are difficult without a proper system, hence there is need to have a working system that would make the coordination easy and effective.     Within this thesis project, an automated cash management system was created to replace the manual one. The analysis of the present state was done by using the following business engineering methods: the object oriented method and the entity structure analysis.    There is a sales assistant in every store handling the sales activities; a stock keeper taking care of each store's warehouse activities; and a branch accountant heading each store and reporting to the chief accountant. Hence there is need to phase out the stock keepers and branch accountants who make the present system cumbersome.     This thesis project was important to facilitate and improve the sales and stock management system of the Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited.  The improved system will make recording of sales activities (cash event) and stock activities (stock event) more orderly. There will be easy access to data when needed. The manager and the accountant will be able to make decisions quickly based on easily retrievable facts.
Build your own computer
Choosing a supplier for test management software
Pipeline extraction for VLSI data path synthesis
Building the perfect PC
Sécurité fonctionelle : systèmes instrumentés de sécurité pour le secteur des industries de transformation = Functional safety : instrumented systems for the process industry sector. Partie = Part 1, Cadre, définitions, excigences pour le système, le matériel et le logiciel = Framework, definitions, system, hardware and software requirements
Audio editing with Adobe Audition
Information systems technology
Designing embedded hardware
Computer organization and design : the hardware/software interface
ARM system developer's guide : designing and optimizing system software
Copyright protection and hardware taxation
Managing the testing process : practical tools and techniques for managing hardware and software testing
Using Mac OS X Snow Leopard
Upgrading and repairing PCs
Computer graphics with OpenGL
Hardware design and testing in a Bluetooth project
Oracle on WMware : from laptons to production
