http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6373 performance analysis
performance analysis
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 2, Multivariate analysis
Justice performed : courtroom TV shows and the theaters of popular law
Fascination with the violent and the cruel : representations of violence and cruelty in In-Yer-Face Theatre through Sarah Kane's Cleansed and Mark Ravenhill's Faust is dead
In this wide-ranging study, Ric Knowles demonstrates how the examination and practice of theatre is enhanced by an expanded semiotic approach. Moving from the history and theory of performance analysis to its practical application and paying particular attention to cross-cultural applications, he examines not what a particular piece of theatre means, but how meaning is produced in the process of creating, viewing and analysing theatre. How Theatre Means presents contemporary case studies and explores intersections between a wide range of theories and methods. Clear and accessible, this book brings a key analytical methodology to life for students, practitioners and scholars.
PASW statistics by SPSS : a practical guide : version 18.0
Text, context and performance in Cambodia, Laos, and Vietnam
The post-traumatic theatre of Grotowski and Kantor : history and Holocaust in Akropolis and the Dead Class
The Cambridge introduction to theatre studies
Music in performance and society : essays in honor of Roland Jackson
Now I know only so far : essays in ethnopoetics
Comparative research on oral traditions : a memorial for Milman Parry
Beethoven's piano sonatas : a short companion
Bach's solo violin works : a performer's guide
Applied statistics for engineers and scientists
How theatre means
Through the back : situating vision between moving bodies
Practicing composition : making practice : texts, dialogues and documents from Erasmus MA Intensive Projects 2011-2013 : HZT, Berlin & TeaK, Helsinki
In his doctoral research Tero Nauha develops models for thinking and practice where artistic research and practice become critical tools against the presumed immanence of capitalism. The research consists of three artistic works which create a critical inquiry on the biopolitical management of subjectivity. It produces a critical argument counter to the philosophical assertions of schizoanalysis being one of the first inquiries in artistic research where the post-structural theory of Gilles Deleuze and Félix Guattari is set in the context of immaterial labour and political theory of the post-industrial capitalism.
Presenting numbers, tables, and charts
Unaccompanied Bach : performing the solo works
The keyboard music of J.S. Bach
Practical skills in chemistry
Coriolanus
Story, performance, and event : contextual studies of oral narrative
Schizoproduction : artistic research and performance in the context of immanent capitalism
Interpreting Bach at the keyboard
Singing Schumann : an interpretive guide for performers
This book examines the use of Internet platforms as theatrical, rehearsal and performance spaces and explores the interactive and political potentials of online theatre, questioning the boundaries of these in-between spaces and the spatial experiences they engender. In particular, this book looks at forms of cyber-adaptation, cyber-ethnotheatre and cyber-collaboration as directing methodologies for producing dialectical forms of political cyberformances (in Brechtian terms), with reference respectively to the productions of Cyberian Chalk Circle (2011), Merry Crisis and a Happy New Fear (2012) and Etheatre Project and Collaborators (2014). Writing from a practice-based perspective, Papagiannouli offers a historical account of online theatre and a detailed analysis of a range of online works, including productions by the National Theatre Wales, NTLive, Dries Verhoeven, Forced Entertainment and Rimini Protokoll.
The mind map book
Geochemical trends and provenance in the Tanqua submarine fan.coplex southwestern Karoo Basin, South Africa
Reporting talk : reported speech in interaction
Folklore on two continents : essays in honor of Linda Dégh
Shakespeare in stages : new theatre histories
Eighteenth-century keyboard music
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 1, Elementary basics
Political cyberformance : the Etheatre Project
Reading theatre
Beckett : waiting for Godot
Maria Callas : a musical biography
Storytelling in northern Zambia : theory, method, practice and other necessary fictions
Robert Wilson
Memos from a theatre lab : exploring what immersive theatre 'does'
Acts and apparitions : discourses on the real in performance practice and theory, 1990-2010
Advanced engineering mathematics
Lattice : multivariate data visualization with R
Olivier Messiaen's catalogue d'oiseaux for solo piano : a phenomenological analysis and performance guide
Keith Jarrett's the Köln concert
Speech and thought presentation in French : concepts and strategies
The semantics of free indirect discource : how texts allow us to mind-read and eavesdrop
Bach's Well-tempered clavier : the 48 preludes and fugues
The singer of tales in performance
By contrasting two specific performances on the same theme - one an 'immersive' experience and the other a more conventional theatrical production - Nandita Dinesh explores the ways in which theatrical form impacts upon actors and audiences. An in-depth case study of her work Pinjare (Cages) sets out the 'hows' and 'whys' of her specific aesthetic framework. Memos from a Theatre Lab places Dinesh's practical work within the context of existing analyses of Immersive Theatre, using this investigation to generate an underpinning theory of how Immersive Theatre works for its participants.
Generating theatre meaning : a theory and methodology of performance analysis
The Cambridge companion to Ravel
Companion to contemporary musical thought. Volume 2
The sounds and sights of performance in early music : essays in honour of Timothy J. McGee
Handbook of Big Data
Nineteenth-century piano music : essays in performance and analysis
The dance experience : insights into history, culture, and creativity
Visuality in the theatre : the locus of looking
Lost batucada : the art of Deixa Falar, Portela, and mestre Oscar Bigode
Brahms, the four symphonies
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 3, Advanced analysis
This book combines performance analysis with contemporary political philosophy to advance new ways of understanding both political performance and the performativity of the politics of the street. Our times are pre-eminently political times and have drawn radical responses from many theatre and performance practitioners. However, a decade of conflict in the Middle East and Afghanistan, the eruption of new social movements around the world, the growth of anti-capitalist and anti-globalisation struggles, the upsurge of protests against the blockades of neoliberalism, and the rising tide of dissent and anger against corporate power, with its exorbitant social costs, have left theatre and performance scholarship confronting something of a dilemma: how to theorize the political antagonisms of our day? Drawing on the resources of 'post-Marxist' political thinkers such as Chantal Mouffe and Jacques Ranciere, the book explores how new theoretical horizons have been made available for performance analysis.
Bach and the patterns of invention
Free language, indirect translation, discourse narratology : linguistic, translatological and literary-theoretical encounters
This collection of texts reflects some of the different discourses, practices and approaches explored by the participants of the Erasmus Intensive Project (IP) Practicing Composition: Making Practice initiated and coordinated by the MA SODA (Solo/ Dance/ Authorship) programme at the Inter-University Centre for Dance (HZT), University of the Arts, Berlin (2011-2013). The IP provided a framework for the live, interactive sharing, discussion and analysis of dramaturgical, compositional and choreographic approaches to physically based performance used in a number of practice-led graduate dance and choreographic Master's programmes in Europe. The book includes keynote lectures, descriptions and documentation of the workshops, with new dialogues inspired by encounters between IP partner programmes. Among the discussed topics are poiesis, poetics, latency, assemblage, formless, interruption, emergent choreography, collective learning environments, framed reality and post-identity politics. Contributions from: Ric Allsopp, Niels Bovri, Joao DaSilva, Scott deLahunta, Ellen Jeffrey, Emilie Gallier, Konstantina Georgelou, Saara Hannula, Martin Hargreaves, Kiran Kumar, Miika Luoto, Sergiu Matis, Kirsi Monni, Sophia New, Mila Pavicevic, Victoria Perez Royo, Goran Sergej Pristas, Ari Tenhula, Jasna Zmak.
Musicking bodies : gesture and voice in Hindustani music
The art of Euripides: dramatic technique and social context
A practical guide to health and safety in the entertainment industry
Theater as music : the bunraku play "Mt. Imo and Mt. Se: an exemplary tale of womanly virtue"
Native Latin American cultures : through their discourse
Schubert the progressive : history, performance practice, analysis
Homeric soundings : the shaping of the Iliad
Reporting results : a practical guide for engineers and scientists
Despite its international influence, Polish theatre remains a mystery to many Westerners. This volume attempts to fill in various gaps in English-language scholarship by offering a historical and critical analysis of two of the most influential works of Polish theatre: Jerzy Grotowski's 'Akropolis' and Tadeusz Kantor's 'Dead Class'. By examining each director's representation of Auschwitz, this study provides a new understanding of how translating national trauma through the prism of performance can alter and deflect the meaning and reception of theatrical works, both inside and outside their cultural and historical contexts.
Head first data analysis
Performance analysis : an introductory coursebook
Ibsen's lively art : a performance study of the major plays
Unraveling the canon : Edvard Fazer and the imperial Russian ballet in Berlin 1908 - 1910
Another harmony : new essays on the folklore of India
Sixteen original case studies explore significant English-speaking performances of a range of Shakespeare's plays, from the 16th to the 21st centuries.
Performing antagonism : theatre, performance & radical democracy
The journal of musicology : JM
Charles Valentin Alkan : his life and his music
Beethoven : the sonatas for piano and violin : thoughts on their interpretation
Finnish folkloristics. 1
Digital movement : essays in motion technology and performance
Doing data analysis with SPSS version14
Brecht and political theatre : the Mother on stage
Eighteenth-century music in theory and practice : essays in honor of Alfred Mann
In today’s visual regime, contemporary dance operates as a critical force. It questions univocal representations and dominant cultural ideals of the body. Developing alternative approaches to physical expression, certain choreographers create body images that are vulnerable and permeable to the world. Their critical and experimental approach challenges and expands spectatorship, including the corporeal, technological and cultural elements that support the ways we see, hear, sense and imagine. Through the Back: Situating Vision between Moving Bodies seeks to articulate this critical potential in a series of essays that explores the work of experimental choreographers active throughout the noughties: Alexander Baervoets, Boris Charmatz, Meg Stuart, Benoit Lachambre, Vera Mantero, Philipp Gehmacher, Jennifer Lacey and Nadia Lauro, and deufert & plischke.
The Cambridge companion to the concerto
Acts and apparitions examines how new performance practices from the 1990s to the present day have been driven by questions of the real and the ensuing political implications of the concept's rapidly disintegrating authority. This book departs significantly from existing scholarship on contemporary performance in its rejection of the dramatic/postdramatic binary and its interrogation of previous applications of Derridean poststructuralism to theatrical representation and notions of the real. It offers new perspectives on the political analysis of contemporary theatre and performance across a wide range of models from Forced Entertainment and the Wooster Group, to Roland Schimmelpfennig and Howard Barker; from verbatim theatre to audio tours and the interactive performances of Ontroerend Goed.
Theory/theatre : an introduction
Short book notices
Dramas of Culture : Theory, History, Performance
The pragmatics of interaction
Applied econometrics with R
