http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6372 serial production
serial production
Sweeney Todd : Fleet Streetin paholaisparturi
Automotive development processes : processes for successful customer oriented vehicle development
Utility drama : making of and talking about the serial drama in Finland
We are what we are
House of cards. The complete third season
In The Essential HBO Reader, editors Gary R. Edgerton and Jeffrey P. Jones bring together an accomplished group of scholars to explain how HBO's programming transformed the world of cable television and how the network continues to shape popular culture and the television industry. Now, after more than three and a half decades, HBO has won acclaim in four distinct programming areas - drama, comedy, sports, and documentary - emerging as TV's gold standard for its breakout series and specials. The Essential HBO Reader provides a comprehensive and compelling examination of HBO's development into the prototypical entertainment corporation of the twenty-first century.
Sorority row
British television drama : a history
Copycat television : globalisation, program formats and cultural identity
Prince of stories : the many worlds of Neil Gaiman
Detector-based visual analysis of time-series data
Handbook of industrial engineering : technology and operations management
The storyboard design course : the ultimate guide for artists, directors, producers and scriptwriters
Investment in residential building : a time-series analysis with aggregate Finnish data
Tom Jones
Some change detection and time-series forecasting algorithms for an electronics manufacturing process
Renascence : new design for an old craft
Moduli 225 : a gem of modern architecture
The way we live now
Small screen, big picture : a writer's guide to the TV business
Production transfer from preproduction to volume line in Nokia Networks
Reinventing comics : [how imagination and technology are revolutionizing an art form]
The girl with the dragon tattoo
The day of the Triffids
Poverty, inequality and the Finnish 1860s famine
House of cards. The complete fourth season
The twilight saga : the complete film archive : memories, mementos and other treasures from the creative team behind the beloved motion pictures
Tyttökoulu St. Trinian's : Kick ass girls 1.
Modelling the effect of demand variations on the performance of a production system
Lasin taide : Kaj Franck 100 vuotta = The art of glass : Kaj Franck 100 years : Kyösti Kakkonen Collection
Oliver Twist
Star Trek : action!
House of cards. The complete first season
Television : the critical view
Animation development : from pitch to production
The dream of the new world : American influence on Finnish architecture from the turn of the 20th century to the Second World War
Of comics and men : a cultural history of American comic books
Factor substitution in the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Computational intelligence in time series forecasting : theory and engineering applications
Importance of pre-production to the efficiency of a reality TV production : case Banijay Finland
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The TV showrunner's roadmap : 21 navigational tips for screenwriters to create and sustain a hit TV series
The film director prepares : a practical guide to directing for film & TV
Doktor Živago = Doctor Zhivago
Taking soaps seriously : the world of Guiding Light
Animation on DVD : the ultimate guide
The Essential HBO reader
Making soapies in Kabul : hot days, crazy nights and dangerous liaisons in a war zone
Animation art : from pencil to pixel, the history of cartoon, anime & cgi
The power of comics : history, form, and culture
House of cards. The complete second season
Customized fashion : personalized fashion store service model based on mass customization
Star Trek Action !
