http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6374 teams
teams
The silo effect : the peril of expertise and the promise of breaking down barriers
Team Building : A practical guide for trainers
How personal growth and task groups work
New Ways of Organizing Work offers a broader understanding of changes to the way work is organized and the implications for relevant stakeholders. It brings together contributions from a well established group of international scholars to examine the nature and consequences of new ways of working. The book draws on studies of a variety of new forms of work, involving a diverse range of employees and drawing on experiences in a variety of countries. It includes three main empirical sections. The first focuses on different forms of work and working arrangements, stimulated by the use of technology, increased competitive pressure and media portrayal of work and working. In contrast to much other work in the field, a strong theme of this book is individuals' experiences of new ways of working. The second empirical section examines this theme with a specific focus on remote workers and their responses to new ways of working. Exploring contemporary trends towards increasing use of global teams, the third section examines the implications of distributed teams and the challenges for managing performance and knowledge transfer.
Team players and teamwork : new strategies for developing successful collaboration
Abstract.
Healthcare teams : building continuous quality improvement
The concise adair on teambuilding and motivation
Promoting client centered substance abuse care in St. Petersburg : "Return to society" -project
What makes a decisive leadership team
Correlates of innovation in knowledge worker teams
Applying Human Resource Tools to Promote the Effectiveness Management of Project-Based Organizations : A Case Study of Development Agency of Valkeakoski Region, Ltd.
Empowerment in the hospitality industry : the use of self-directed work teams
Managing virtual teams
Relational tensions in subgroup relationships : a case study of synchronous communication in a global virtual team
Multicultural working team - manager's asset or nightmare?
Partnerships : Leveraging Teamwork illustrates how to build high-performing teams and work effectively with others across organizational boundaries. Great leaders do not lead a collection of individuals but rather a unified team of people who work for the good of the organization. By learning the competencies of internal and external partnering, you will gain synergy, establish a spirit of community, and leverage the value of collaboration. The SCOPE of Leadership book series teaches the principles of a coaching approach to leadership and how to achieve exceptional results by working through people. You will learn a straightforward framework to guide you in developing, enabling, exhorting, inspiring, managing, and assimilating people. Benefit from the wisdom of many years of leadership, consulting, and executive coaching experience. Discover how to develop the competencies that align consistently with great leadership.
The big book of virtual teambuilding games : quick, effective activities to build communication, trust and collaboration from anywhere!
Attributions by Team Members for Team Outcomes in Finnish Working Life
Ubuntu! : an inspiring story about an African tradition of teamwork and collaboration
Supervision in the hospitality industry
Developing teams
The hedgehog effect : executive coaching and the secrets of building high performance teams
The wisdom of teams : creating the high-performance organization
Useful but unused : group work in Europe
No more teams! : mastering the dynamics of creative collaboration
The team-based problem solver
Brilliant teams : what to know, do and say to make a brilliant team
Leadership and management in nursing
Constructive communication in international teams : an experience-based guide
Essays on team cooperation and firm performance
"The book is important as it is one of the very few that touches the topic of team coaching, and that deals with group coaching and change"--
Cross-functional teams in new product development
Riding the creative rollercoaster : how leaders evoke creativity, productivity and innovation
Organizational behavior
Program management leadership : creating successful team dynamics
Research methods for studying groups and teams : a guide to approaches, tools, and technologies
Essentials of organizational behavior
A kick in the attitude : an energizing approach to recharge your team, work, and life
Portfolio projects for soft skills
The ideal team player : how to recognize and cultivate the three essential virtues : a leadership fable
Recharge your team : keep them going and going..
Teamwork in operating room nursing : conceptual perspective and Finnish, British and American nurses' and nursing students' experiences
Relationship-oriented communicative managerial practices to promote effectiveness in long-term multicultural teams : managers' perceptions of their successful practices at a multinational organization
The magic of team work
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
How do we see strategy? : investigating the existence and role of  strategy orientation among Finnish TMTs
Collectiveness within startup teams : leading the way to initiating and managing collective pursuit of opportunities in organizational contexts
International management behavior : global and sustainable leadership
Facilitating with ease! : core skills for facilitators, team leaders and members, managers, consultants, and trainers
High performing teams : ...in brief
When teams collide : managing the international team successfully
Effective multicultural teams : theory and practice
The coming shape of organization
Cultural blindness as a strength of a leader : case: Finnish coordinators leading multinational, decentralized, and virtual teams
A learning community : teachers and students engaged in developing their own learning and understanding
The leadership experience
Measuring team performance : a step-by-step, customizable approach for managers, facilitators, and team leaders
Scrum : the art of doing twice the work in half the time
Scrum software development process : an ideal process for small teams
Friend raising : building a missionary support team that lasts
Individual and collective reflection : how to meet the needs of development in teaching
Leadership in IS projects : supporting team development
Sales training basics
An introduction to work and organizational psychology : a European perspective
Others : Developing People guides you in building the skills of others and developing top performers. Great leaders build teams of competent people who are able and willing to take ownership for the work that needs to be performed. By learning the competencies of coaching, enabling, and holding people accountable, you multiply your abilities, transfer your knowledge, and leave an enduring legacy. The SCOPE of Leadership book series teaches the principles of a coaching approach to leadership and how to achieve exceptional results by working through people. You will learn a straightforward framework to guide you in developing, enabling, exhorting, inspiring, managing, and assimilating people. Benefit from the wisdom of many years of leadership, consulting, and executive coaching experience. Discover how to develop the competencies that align consistently with great leadership.
Healthcare teams : building continuous quality improvement : facilitator's guide
A systematic approach to getting results
Team development programme : a training manual
Management : people, performance, change
Thinking teams / thinking clients : knowledge-based teamwork
Scrum is an agile software development process. It is an iterative and incremental process using the empirical process control. The objective of the research is to investigate why Scrum is an ideal process for small teams. The 'idealness' of Scrum is investigated by looking at why Scrum is an effective software development process.    A short history of the agile development process shows us that formal Scrum process was identified in 1996.  The history and the Scrum process are explained in detail. The agile balanced scorecard was used to measure the effectiveness of Scrum in four areas: reliability, quality, value and velocity. Scrum was also shown to be better than traditional software process models, Extreme Programming and Rational Unified Process. The use of Scrum in the real world was also investigated based on interview results and current web results. Finally, we also have a peek into the future of Scrum; web scrumming.    It was concluded that Scrum is indeed an effective software development process and is an ideal process for small teams. The results of this thesis will be very helpful to any company wishing to do Scrum and I would definitely recommend Scrum as an ideal software process for small teams.
"In today's global world organizations rely more and more on virtual teams. In his latest book on group coaching for high-performance teams, Manfred Kets de Vries provides a clear understanding of how to coach groups of managers and make them effective teams that can bring greatly improved performance for their companies. Executives, consultants, and coaches will learn what factors drive their success or failure and how to improve their ability to adapt to changing situations"--
Leading from the inside out : a coaching model
World-class manufacturing
Team management : practical new approaches
Entrepreneurial teams and new business creation
Creating conditions for innovative and high-performing teams
Communicating in groups and teams : sharing leadership
Health science students' conceptions of group supervision
Knowledge sharing in virtual teams : action research
Long considered the standard for all organizational behavior textbooks, this text provides the research you want, in the language your students understand. This text continues its tradition of making current, relevant research come alive for students. This edition has been thoroughly updated to reflect the most current recent research for Organizational Behavior, while maintaining its hallmark features -clear writing style, cutting-edge content, and engaging pedagogy. This text is commited to provide the kind of engaging, cutting-edge material that helps students understand and connect with organizational behavior.
Partnerships : leveraging teamwork : a guide to coaching leaders to lead as coaches
Managing people : a practical guide for front-line managers
The distance manager : a hands-on guide to managing off-site employees and virtual teams
The book of leadership : how to get yourself, your team and your organisation further than you ever thought possible
The future of work : attract new talent, build better leaders, and create a competitive organization
Organisational behaviour for dummies
Do you read me? : the development and maintenance of trust in global virtual teams
On a practical realization of Kolb's experiential learning cycle
The new teamwork : developing and using cross-function teams
Impact of sharing leadership on team performance in self-managed student teams
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Managing global virtual teams
While communicating has become much easier with new technologies, it hasn't necessarily become more successful. The complexity of communication has increased – and so have the pitfalls. Want to be one step ahead of them? Based on the principles of humanistic management, this book offers a new angle on how effective communication can make a difference in your working life. The international team of authors – computer scientists, company founders, start-up managers, researchers in communication and psychology and educators – bridges the gap between universities and the business world. They elaborate new paths to communication, leadership, and knowledge management, using real cases and research-based insights. This book doesn't just offer simple "How-to-solutions", it aims at something more substantial: professional development and personal growth. It is about finding inspiration and sharing it with others.
Change, strategy and projects at work
Making sense of change management : a complete guide to the models, tools and techniques of organizational change
Culture and trust in global virtual teams : a case study in a multinational enterprise
Tellus : attempt to improve communication within Metsä Tissue
We are Robin. Volume 1, The vigilante business
BIM for construction clients : driving strategic value through digital information management
Scrum is the most popular agile project management methodology used in web projects today. While most Scrum books tend to be lengthy textbooks that cover every detail of Scrum for all types of organizations, this highly practical book concentrates solely on how best to apply Scrum in web and mobile development projects.
Building engaged team performance : align your processes and people to achieve game-changing business results
The coach as a teamleader
Multi-professional view on health and culture of elderly immigrants
Creativity in virtual teams : key components for success
Enhancing value creation of construction projects through early stakeholder involvement and integration
Manager's guide to virtual teams
Team leadership in high-hazard environments : performance, safety and risk management strategies for operational teams
The business of creativity : how to build the right team for success
Challenges for virtual teams in voluntary organizations
McLaren : the art of racing
Building Great Startup Teams : a Guide to Attracting, Hiring and Retaining Employees
Team training essentials : a research-based guide
I want to be a good project manager : Requirements to be a project manager in the context of multinational IT projects
Deploying an Intranet groupware at a global organisation : deploying Lotus QuickPlace at the UPM-Kymmene corporation, printing papers division
The development and management of interpersonal trust in a business network in health, exercise, and wellbeing markets
Leading your team : how to involve and inspire teams
Managing in a team environment
Leadership and management in the hospitality industry
Summary
20:20 project management : how to deliver on time, on budget and on spec
Leadership in European context : project reports by national teams
Workplace teams are supposed to harness employees' talents to tackle challenges. But the reality often falls short... Now imagine having a team where everyone steps up and performs all of the leadership tasks. Imagine a team that is constantly sharing knowledge and pushing the envelope--one that does long term planning and produces outstanding performance.
Development of interpersonal relationships in global virtual teams
International nursing : cultivating a culture of empowerment
Managing successful teams
Safety performance is a complicated issue, particularly in high-hazard environments, where time and other constraints, as well as impacts can be exaggerated. From an organizational and business perspective, safety and production/performance are often seen as competing goals. Team Leadership in High-Hazard Environments recognizes these difficulties and constraints and proposes an approach to safety leadership in which safety and organizational performance are inextricably linked; one that addresses safety from both the systems and human factors perspectives. This is an important book that draws.
Guiding the journey to collaborative work systems : a strategic design workbook
The five dysfunctions of a team : a leadership fable
Information processing in global virtual NPD projects
Building successful virtual teams
Team building : proven strategies for improving team performance
Yield management : the leadership alternative for performance and net profit improvement
Instant team building
Approaches to a business negotiation case study : teamwork, humour and teaching
New ways of organizing work : developments, perspectives and experiences
Virtual Teams Management: Overcoming the Obstacles to an Effective Team : Case Company: Blooming Twig LLC
Scrum in the company X
Challenges in leading cross-cultural teams : culture, conflicts and communication
Emerging student team companies : studying the quality of dialogue and collaborative learning
Throughout the history of business employees had to adapt to managers and managers had to adapt to organizations. In the future this is reversed with managers and organizations adapting to employees. This means that in order to succeed and thrive organizations must rethink and challenge everything they know about work. The demographics of employees are changing and so are employee expectations, values, attitudes, and styles of working. Conventional management models must be replaced with leadership approaches adapted to the future employee. Organizations must also rethink their traditional structure, how they empower employees, and what they need to do to remain competitive in a rapidly changing world. This is a book about how employees of the future will work, how managers will lead, and what organizations of the future will look like. -- Publisher website.
You win in the locker room first : 7 C's to build a winning team in sports, business and life
Leading outside the lines : how to mobilize the (in)formal organization, energize your team, and get better results
"Preface About a year ago, a colleague of mine offered me the opportunity to write a book tailored to program managers and, more specifically, how leadership can create high-performing teams (HPTs) that regularly exceed expectations and operate as a collective, innovative, communication-driven, and conflict-positive group. At the time, I jumped at the idea. Not only have I been working as a project and program manager for over fifteen years, I have been teaching program/project/risk management courses both commercially and academically for ten-plus years. The idea of writing about one of my favorite subjects seemed ideal for the next challenge. However, writing this book has truly been a journey and not a dissertation. Through each chapter, case study, and example, I have finally found the opportunity to review the conscious decisions and management styles I have employed and the results of my approaches. There is no doubt that I have had the opportunity to work with some really fantastic teams that truly achieved HPT status, but I have also struggled with team development, cultures, communication issues, and conflicts. If you had asked me a year ago about my ability to develop HPTs and lead programs to successful conclusions, I would have immediately shouted, "Yes, of course I can do that." After writing this book, I realize that so many factors go into developing a team--including each member's skills, abilities, and willingness to join a team--that to be successful, leaders not only must make conscious choices on leadership but also must be able to actively read and interact with the corporate culture and environment, and to personally invest constantly in the team"--
Emotional intelligence and creativity in management
Riding the whirlwind : connecting people and organisations in a culture of innovation
Six sigma and beyond : foundations of excellent performance
The big book of team building games : trust-building activities, team spirit exercises and other fun things to do
Consumer demand team within Coca-Cola bottlers Ireland
10 minute guide to effective leadership
HBR's 10 must reads. On teams
The inner warrior : developing courage for personal and organizational change
Intercultural competence as a succes factor of virtual multicultural teams : a case study on the team effectiveness of global HR teams
How to build a great team
Cross border teambuilding in an international project management environment
Evaluation of bridge teammates' mental workload for simulator-based training using physiological indices : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140401)
Management & organisational behaviour
Seven steps to success for sales managers : a strategic guide to creating a winning sales team through collaboration
Intercultural communication in experience tourism in the Inari area
IISE - Interpreting in International Settings : training material for interpreters
Thinking Globally, Acting Locally : Creating International Network for Team Entrepreneurs®
The student's guide to successful project teams
Designing work groups, jobs and work flow
Theory and practice of group counseling
Change Management Competence - Key Contributor to Project Success : Case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
The five dysfunctions of a team : a workshop for teams, participant workbook
How to manage people
Team leadership in the game industry
A manager's guide to virtual teams
ECSCW 2009 : proceedings of the 11th European Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work, 7-11 September 2009, Vienna, Austria
Managing communication and co-operation in multi-cultural virtual teams
The manager's coaching toolkit : fast and simple solutions for busy managers
Effective use of teambuilding in social welfare organisations
Project management in the real world : shortcuts to success
Cultural Chameleons and Teamwork Terminators − Promoting Intercultural Management in the Baltic Sea Region PIM 2009 as Intercultural Teamwork
Intercultural skills needed by staffs in a multinational team
Ethical team leadership : as construed by Finnish managers
"From Michael Armstrong, HR expert and best-selling author, comes this new edition of the business staple, How to Manage People. Providing valuable insight into the functions and skills required to be an effective manager - from how to manage teams to successful recruitment - it will help you get the best from your staff through motivation, reward and leadership. With three brand new chapters on managing virtual teams, enhancing employee engagement and managing conflict, it is full of easily applicable advice as well as practical tools and checklists. Essential reading for anyone who wants to get the best from their teams, How to Manage People distills the essence of good management into one handy book. With over one million copies sold, the hugely popular Creating Success series covers a wide variety of topic, with the latest editions including new chapters such as Tough Conversations and Treating People Right. This indispensable business skills collection is suited to a variety of roles, from someone looking to develop their time management skills for a society committee role, to someone with a business idea looking to build a strategic plan"--
Practical problems in organizations : cases in leadership, organizational behavior, and human resources
Communication @ work : ethical, effective and expressive communication in the workplace
Is team formation gender neutral? : evidence from coauthorship patterns
A coding scheme development methodology using grounded theory for qualitative analysis of pair programming
A team of leaders : empowering every member to take ownership, demonstrate initiative, and deliver results
Project management and team building comparison between Finland and Russia : case: Greenfield Factory design and construction, Russia
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
Emotions and mood in a workgroup
Team entrepreneurship : a process analysis of the venture team and the venture team roles in relation to the innovation process
One of the emerging practices in leadership is the shared leadership. It was developed due to autonomy and self-direction which was required to steer team to a performance driven direction. Teams, as they are known, is a group of people working for a common goals and objectives, of which students are also included, Therefore, this research examine shared leadership in the context of students precisely International business degree students. The objective of this research was basically meant to examine the shared leadership in and its impact on the performance based on the context of the students under investigation.  Findings from this research evaluate the areas in which the students effectively practice shared leadership and provide suggestions and pathway for improvement in team activities within student's teams.
Human aspects of software engineering
Teams and team-working
Total quality management
The book Managing Virtual Teams explores the critical elements that must be considered in managing virtual teams in organizations from structural, managerial, and process points-of-view. Based in solid research, the book provides a deep look at the nature of virtual teams and the factors that enable their success.Using a text-analysis method, the book consolidates results from both academic and practitioners' sources about virtual team inputs, processes, and outcomes. It lays out in clear detail the key characteristics of virtual teams and traces their emergence within organizations and research literature. Managing Virtual Teams addresses the particular practices of virtual teams, not only technological-focused but also socio-emotional, including the managerial attitudes required in virtual environments seeking well-performing teams. Incorporating case studies and research results, this book demonstrates how academic research can be used to successfully manage businesses in a virtual context.This book is a valuable contribution with clear guidelines for managerial practice, both for researchers interested in learning about virtual teams and to managers and organizations dealing with the challenges of managing them. Students will also benefit from this book as they learn how to become effective and operational virtual team members, and in future, successful managers.
Conflicts and multicultural team : Developing competencies for managers
Effective use of team building
Transformational leadership : how leaders change teams, companies, and organizations
Performance effectiveness of virtual teams in the 21st century
Becoming a resonant leader : develop your emotional intelligence, renew your relationships, sustain your effectiveness
The quality toolbox
Others : developing people : a guide to coaching leaders to lead as coaches
Effective team leadership for engineers
Problem-solving and decision making
Leadership : theory and practice
Cultural diversity and trust in virtual teams : the role of cultural differences in trust development process
Change management competence - key contributor to project success : case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
Creating Framework for Collaboration and Knowledge Management in a Transnational Corporation
Teamwork and team building : soft skills for a digital workplace
Winning strategies from the sports arena that can be applied everywhere! -- Book Jacket.
The handbook of high-performance virtual teams : a toolkit for collaborating across boundaries
Compassionate leadership : how to create and maintain engaged, committed & high-performing teams
Collaborate : the art of we
Fuzzy multicriteria decision-making : models, methods and applications
Total performance scorecard : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Project team dynamics : enhancing performance, improving results
Team of teams : new rules of engagement for a complex world
Stronger together : how great teams work
