http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p638 servers
servers
Client/server programming with JAVA and CORBA
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 pocket consultant
Protocol implementation conformance statement information converter
Building a massively multiplayer online roleplaying
MULTIPLATFORM JAVA GATEWAY
Abstract: The goal of this project was to research real time communication protocol and the possibility of replacing flash media server with an existing open source server. Extension of the protocol, its extensibility and performance of the open source real time server were analyzed. This project was carried out for Metropolia UAS in order to find out alternative solutions for the eLearning environment project called Knowledge Practice Laboratory (KP-Lab), running on flash media server.  The client side of the project was a browser based cross-platform application fully implemented in actionscript 3. In order to run the application, browsers should have the latest version of flash player installed. For the server side implementation and overriding the servers functionality, Java programming language was used. The project used the schema provided by the server for storing information into database and it was a near real time application.  The application was tested using all the major browsers: Mozilla, Firefox and Chrome. Performance test of the server was done by registering over two thousand users and running the automated test. The tests verified the server to be fully developed and mature enough to be taken into consideration as a better alternative to flash media server.
Building integrated business intelligence solutions with SQL Server® 2008 R2 & Office 2010
The accidental sysadmin handbook : a primer for early level IT professionals
Virtualization with Microsoft Virtual Server 2005
MCSA : Windows Server 2012 complete study guide
Internet site security
Printout generation in a large client-server application
Developing a game server for a mobile device
Exam ref 70-417 : upgrading your skills to MCSA Windows server 2012
Multiplatform Java Gateway
Web and Cross-Platform Mobile application sharing same code base using modern web technologies
Introduction to Windows Server 2003
3-tier client/server at work
MCITP self-paced training kit (exam 70-444) : optimizing and maintaining a database administration solution using Microsoft SQL server 2005
Beginning Ubuntu LTS server administration : from novice to professional
Setting up Linux based network system
Finnish sustainability rating system for data centers : user manual, v0.4 for New Constructions
A novel e-commerce web portal: a student led co-creation case within an SME and a Uni-versity of Applied Sciences
An essential part of a secure Small Or Home Office network, besides regularly updated software and properly functioning hardware, is a security policy that ought to follow the best practices and at the same time be tailored to the needs of the particular environment. In present work a security policy for a small web-site production is built. In addition, the actual implementation steps are described. The series of automated security tests are performed in order to determine system vulnerability against common attacks. Results show that security policy definition and embedding have significantly improved system's firmness without downgrading its functionality and availability. This research may serve as a starting point for development of a security policy for an analogous system. Another important fact is that in this study only open-source software and an outdated hardware were used.
Near Real Time Communication in WWW: Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol
QoS- and revenue-aware resource allocation mechanisms in multiclass IP networks
Microsoft SharePoint 2013 app development
HighWay SNA server : administrator's guide
MCTS : Windows Server Virtualization Configuration : study guide (exam 70-652)
MCITP Windows server 2008 enterprise administration core requirements : self-paced training kit (exams 70-640, 70-642, 70-643, 70-647)
Expert cube development with Microsoft SQL Server 2008 analysis services : design and implement fast, scalable, and maintainable cubes
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-433) : Microsoft® SQL Server® 2008 : database development
Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Step by Step
Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 administrator's companion
MCTS self-paced training kit (Exam 70-652) : configuring Windows Server Virtualization
DNSSEC mastery : securing the domain name system with BIND
Java EE 7 with GlassFish 4 application server : a practical guide to install and configure the GlassFish 4 application server and develop Java EE 7 applications to be deployed to this server
Servers and Extendable Server’s Management System for the Robot-platform  : Part of the “Roboteh” project
Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat
Murach's SQL server 2016 for developers : training and reference
Enterprise Java programming with IBM® WebSphere®
Internet information services (IIS) 7.0 resource kit
Networking for dummies
How to cheat at managing windows server update services. Volume 1
Concise guide to DNS and BIND
Transactional COM+ : building scalable applications
Virtualized server platform for a small office
MCSE guide to managing a Microsoft Windows server 2003 network, enhanced
A quick and easy way online for SMEs: how to create a web shop
ADO.NET and system.Xml v.2.0 : the beta version
MCITP self-paced training kit (Exam 70-646) : Windows server administration
SQL server backup and recovery : tools and techniques
This pocket-sized guide delivers ready answers for administering SQL Server Code Name "Denali". Zero in on core support and maintenance tasks using quick-reference tables, instructions, and lists that help you save time and get the job done!
SAP R/3 in 10 minutes : quick steps for fast results
Microsoft  exchange server 2003 : administrator's companion
Applied Microsoft SQL server 2008 reporting services : a guide to the leading reporting platform
Introducing Microsoft SQL server 2014
Enhancing Project Management with Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis project was to design a plug-in, which integrates a locally installed Eclipse IDE with a remote exercise management system. The client of this project was Viope Solutions OY, an online based eLearning service provider company located in Helsinki Finland. The user groups of the service are students and individuals. This project was carried out using Eclipse plug-in Development Environment (PDE) and different programming technologies such as Java technology, Standard Widget Toolkit (SWT), and XML parsing. In this project there are three plug-in solutions such as: login, chapter and exercise selector,and exercise sender. Each plug-in solution has been integrated with client's already existing system, and tested using dummy data files. As a result, the requirements set for this project have been accomplished. Also additional features, such as enabling users to access exercises from Eclipse IDE main tool bar, were  realized. The plug-ins designed may be useful in facilitating the client's existing exercise handling process. However, only these solutions may not be enough to increase the productivity of the company. Therefore, it is recommended that additional plug-ins with multiple functionalities should be added in future.
Understanding Microsoft virtualization solutions : from the desktop to the datacenter
Inside Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 Web Services
Administrating Web servers, security & maintenance
Secure Linux server : offering security to services in SOHO environment
Microsoft SQL server 2008 all-in-one desk reference for dummies(r)
Beginning Ubuntu Server administration : from novice to professional
Pro ADO.NET with VB.NET 1.1
Apache 2 pocket reference
IPv6 Rollout To TeliaSonera’s Finnish IP-Network
The implementation of CD-Server
Preparation for AD migration at KONE
Dive deep inside the architecture of SQL Server 2012 Explore the core engine of Microsoft SQL Server 2012--and put that practical knowledge to work. Led by a team of SQL Server experts, you'll learn the skills you need to exploit key architectural features. Go behind the scenes to understand internal operations for creating, expanding, shrinking, and moving databases--whether you're a database developer, architect, or administrator. Discover how to: Dig into SQL Server 2012 architecture and configuration Use the right recovery model and control transaction logging Reduce query execution time through proper index design Track events, from triggers to the Extended Event Engine Examine internal structures with database console commands Transcend row-size limitations with special storage capabilities Choose the right transaction isolation level and concurrency model Take control over query plan caching and reuse
Ethernet networking for the small office and professional home office
Enterprise security
Windows Server 2008 Resource Kit
Microsoft Exchange server 2007 with SP1 : Tony Redmond's guide to successful implementation
Developing Business Intelligence Apps for SharePoint
Introducing Windows Server 2012
Building a SyncML test server
Microsoft SQL server 2012 management and administration
Windows Server 2008 portable command guide : MCTS 70-640, 70-642, 70-643, and MCITP 70-646, 70-647
Managing and maintaining a Microsoft Windows Server 2003 environment (70-290)
Mastering System Center Configuration Manager 2007 R2
Web Based GUI Management for FlexiNT22 SHDSL.bis Modem
Professional SQL server 2008 integration services
Microsoft IIS 6.0 : administrator's pocket consultant
The official Ubuntu server book
Enterprise transaction processing systems : putting the CORBA OTS, Encina++ and OrbixOTM to work
Microsoft Windows NT server : resource guide
Mac OS X server essentials : [a guide to using and supporting Mac OS X server v10.5]
Beginning SharePoint® 2010 development
Microsoft SQL server 2012 step by step
The concise guide to Microsoft Windows 2000 DNS
Mobile Phone Programming-Based on Mobile Sensor API for User Interface
Apache cookbook
SAP NetWeaver® portal
MCTS Windows server 2008 : active directory configuration : study guide
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-236) : configuring Microsoft Exchange Server 2007
Developing web applications laboratories
Comprehensive PHP pear::DB
Abstract: Continuous integration : tools and practices.
Linux server hacks : [100 industrial-strength tips & tools]
Introduction to client/server systems : a practical guide for systems professionals
Virtualization : a manager's guide
"Written by two Microsoft MVPs for SharePoint, this book ... gets you started building apps for SharePoint 2013 and Office 365. ... [including how to] develop SharePoint-hosted apps and cloud-hosted apps; adopt the new patterns for app development; build maintainable apps with the MVVM and MVC patterns; utilize the client-side object model (CSOM) and the REST API in your apps; and authenticate and establish app identity using OAuth and server-to-server (S2S) trusts"--P. [4] of cover.
Ubuntu server cookbook : arm yourself to make the most of the versatile, powerful Ubuntu Server with over 100 hands-on recipes
Building Secure IT Server Room
Apache Server 2.0 : the complete reference
Mac OS X server essentials v10.6 : A guide to using and supporting Mac OS X server v10.6
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 : implementation and administration
Mastering Windows 2000 server
The Real MCTS/MCITP Exam 70-648 : upgrading your MCSA on Windows server 2003 to Windows server 2008 ; prep kit
Networking : a beginner's guide
Summary: "This book is intended to introduce managers or subject matter experts outside of information technology (IT) to the concepts behind virtualization technology, the different categories of virtualization, and how they are used." -- Preface, p. vii.
Administering Windows server 2008 : server core
Professional SharePoint(R) 2007 development
Datacenter management tool comparison
T-SQL querying
ATM AND Web Bank : Multiplatform Support
Apache server 2.0 : a beginner's guide
Multimedia servers : applications, environments and design
HighWay OSI server : administrator's guide
Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 unleashed
MasteringTM system center operations manager 2007
Introduction to Windows Azure : an introduction to cloud computing using Microsoft Windows Azure
MCTS : Microsoft SQL server 2005 study guide (exam 70-431)
VMware ESX server : advanced technical design guide
Microsoft Windows home server : unleashed
Linda Monitor Server for communicator
Handbook of network and system administration
Advantages and limitations of using a server cluster for Server Appliances (specifically, X - Web Form Manager by Avain Technologies Oy)
Security policy for Linux server-based SoHo
Beginning Microsoft SQL server 2008 administration
Microsoft official academic course (70-647) : Windows Server 2008 Enterprise administrator : lab manual
Microsoft official academic course (70-236) : Microsoft exchange server 2007 configuration : lab manual
Windows Server 2012 Hyper-V Installation and Configuration Guide
Evaluation of Sync4j DM Server
Implementation of hosting and multi server management control panel for Multitronic
MCITP : Windows server 2008 : server administrator : study guide
Continuous integration : tools and practices
This thesis describes some general concepts and logic behind server clusters, as well as gives a few examples on technologies available as of 2009.  It also depicts a certain problems that can occur when using clustering environment in a certain situations. As an example, a test of X-Web Form Manager application by Avain Technologies is presented.  The objective of this paper was to find out the basics of clustering technologies and to try out X–WFM in a new environment.
Professional Apache 2.0
Building the WAMP Platform
Microsoft Windows Server administration essentials
Microsoft SQL server 2014 unleashed
Microsoft® SQL Server® 2008 internals
Mastering Microsoft® Windows® Small Business Server 2008
Abstract: Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat.
Beginning Microsoft SQL Server 2008 programming
Video and media servers : technology and applications
The essential client/server survival guide
Microsoft SQL server 2014 query tuning & optimization
Microsoft official academic course (70-236) : Microsoft exchange server 2007 configuration
Setting up LAMP server for educational purpose in KTUAS
Running a perfect Internet site with Linux
How to cheat at configuring Exchange Server 2007 : including Outlook web, mobile, and voice access
This thesis explains the migration of traditional server environments to a virtualized server platform. The thesis describes different areas of virtualization, virtualization technologies and explains why virtualization is chosen in corporations. The thesis was carried out as a commission to Erasmus Student Network (ESN), whose server was designed to be migrated to multiple virtual servers with open source platform Xen. Xen is part of the Citrix family and is the creator of paravirtualization technology. Virtualization is not a new technology. It was first introduced in 1960s by IBM. Virtualization is a technology where logical operations are separated from the physical environment. Virtualization gives the possibility to run several virtual servers, application or complete systems from a single hardware. In virtualization, hardware utilization resources are used more efficiently, compared to one computer-one operating system model. Virtualized operating systems are separated entities, therefore, the data is isolated from each other, making them more secure and easier to administrate. ESN is a Europeanwide student organization supporting international students in 37 countries and over 400 higher educational institutes. ESN offers several IT services, for example, web pages, online user database and electronic sign up system. All the services are located in one physical server, which was sliced in to five virtual servers. The practical work was carried ou under the supervision of ESN IT Committee.
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Internals
The Linux internet server
The official samba-3 howto and reference guide
Professional Microsoft SQL server 2008 reporting services
Network+ certification all-in-one exam guide
Build your own web server using Linux and Apache
Private computer networks connected to the Internet are constantly facing the threat of attacks. The defending line of such networks is mainly located at the special edge computer - firewall. Therefore, the security implementation on such computer is the critical part of secure network design. This study mainly concentrates on implementing the secure Linux machine, located at the edge of LAN and serving as a firewall and dedicated server. Required security level is achieved with the aid of iptables tool, system hardening and internal IP addresses masquerading. In addition, HTTP, FTP, DHCP and SSH services are configured to be accessible exclusively for LAN users. The primary distribution used for setting up the system is general-purpose CentOS Linux. In order to analyze special-purpose Linux distributions for firewall deployment, firewall-oriented IPcop and comprehensive router-oriented Vyatta Core were additionally used. The distributions are compared by security capabilities, as well as installation, configuration and extendibility. Additional goal of the thesis is educational, because system implementation process affords an opportunity for students to get experience in working with Linux CLI by solving real-life tasks. The brief theory overview provides reader with the key principles of Linux operating system environment and tools used in the study. Nevertheless, the basic knowledge of Linux background is required in order to understand the presented codes. The systems derived using three distributions fulfil the defined requirements. They have the ability to protect private LAN from malicious Internet users, and meantime, private LAN users have full access to Internet. However, all distributions have certain pros and cons due to specificity of each.
DNS and BIND
Windows server administration fundamentals : exam 98-365
Server side collaboration of eLearning platform and integrated development environment
Dr. Tom Shinder's configuring ISA Server 2004
Extending the Advanced Data Extraction Infrastructure : Research on HTML5 usage, server monitoring tool, support for multidimensional datasets
Empowering IT solutions with server virtualization
Mastering Red Hat Linux 9
Blade servers and virtualization : transforming enterprise computing while cutting costs
Windows Server 2008 security resource kit
Microsoft official academic course (70-647) : Windows Server 2008 Enterprise administrator
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 for dummies
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 : inside out
