http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6382 end of the world
end of the world
Hellboy. 7, The troll witch and others
Darksiders II : deathinitive edition : XBox One
Hellboy : The crooked man and others
Fallout 3 : Game of the year edition : Xbox 360
The followers
Soft apocalypse
Angel : the end
FreakAngels. Volume two
Servant of the Underworld
East of West. [3]
Transcendent : a Starling novel
How to build a universe : from the big bang to the end of the universe
God is dead. Volume one
Hellboy : Seed of destruction
Melancholia
The first fifteen lives of Harry August
Good omens : the nice and accurate prophecies of Agnes Nutter, witch
Angel : After the fall. volume 4
Dead of winter : a crossroads game
Belt three
FreakAngels. Volume three
Darksiders II : deathinitive edition : PlayStation 4
Fallout. 4 : Xbox One
100 months : the end of all things
Aftermath : population zero
God is dead. Volume three
Arkham horror : Dunwich horror expansion
Longin for the end : a history of millennialism in western civilization
The stand. [vol.3] : Soul survivors
At the world's end
Not forgetting the whale
Liquid city. volume three
The sundial
Vivian versus the Apocalypse
The fifth season
The incredible adventures of Cinnamon Girl
Fallout. 4 : PlayStation 4
Hellboy. 4, The right hand of doom
Beings of ancient evil, known as Old Ones, are threatening to break out of their cosmic prison and awake into the world. Everything you know and love could be destroyed by chaos and madness. Can you and your fellow investigators manage to find and seal every portal in time? Hurry before you lose yourself to insanity.
Confessions of a crap artist : Jack Isidore (of Seville, Calif.) :a chronicle of verified scientific fact, 1945-1959
Kingdom come
Fallout. 3 :PlayStation 3
Armageddon science : the science of mass destruction
Necrophenia
Living at the end of the world
2012 and beyond
Black wave
Degrees of freedom
The stand. vol. 3 : Soul survivors
Apocalypse : a history of the end of time
Millennium rage : survivalists, white supremacists, and the Doomsday prophecy
The last watch
Fallout 4 : Xbox One
The Invisibles omnibus
Fallout. 3 : PlayStation 3
On the beach
Facing apocalypse
Fallout : New Vegas : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
Ten billion days & one hundred billion nights
A quantum mythology
Hellboy. 2, Wake the devil
The 2012 story : the myths, fallacies, and thruth behind the most intriguing date in history
Behemoth : B-Max
Darksiders II : Death rides pack : PS3
East of West. [6]
The end of the world : the science and ethics of human extinction
East of West. [1]
Fallout 4 : PS4
Doomsday cult : a study of conversion, proselytization, and maintenance of faith
Hellboy. 11, The bride of the hell and others
The apocalypse is everywhere : a popular history of America's favorite nightmare
Wild Abandon
A universe from nothing : why there is something rather than nothing
White horse
East of West. [2 : We are all one]
X-Men : the age of Apocalypse. 1 : Alpha
Apocalypse world : the master of ceremonies playbook
The end of the world
The last man
The return of Planet-X and its effects on Mother Earth : a natural disaster survivor's manual : the research, background and science
Wasteland : The apocalyptic edition. Volume two
Fallout : new Vegas : PlayStation 3
The stars will fall from heaven : cosmic catastrophe and the world's end in the New Testament and its world
Good omens : the nice and accurate prophecies of Agnes Nutter, witch : a novel
Artifacts. Volume 3
The walking dead board game : The best defense
The stand. [vol. 5] : No man's land
Hellboy : Strange places
East of West. [5]
The beauty of destruction
Hellboy. 8, Darkness calls
Hellboy. 12, The storm and the fury
Hellboy : house of the living dead
Croodit = The Croods
FreakAngels. Volume four
The Mayan prophecy 2012 : The Mayan calendar and the end of time
Arkham horror
The walking dead : the board game
Starfish
The Last Four Things
The end of the world. Maybe
God is dead. Volume two
The walking dead : survival instinct : PlayStation 3
The children's hospital
The Postman
Apocalypse
Arkham horror : Miskatonic horror expansion
Limit state design for strengthening foundations of historic buildings using pretested drilled spiral piles with special reference to St. John’s Church in Tartu
Questioning the millenium : a rationalist's guide to a precisely arbitrary countdown
The crystal skull
East of West. [4]
Pandemic : Reign of Cthulhu
Millennial countdown in New Guinea
Hellboy : The chained coffin and others
Hellboy. 1, Seed of destruction
Darksiders II : deathinitive edition : PS4
Apocalypse scenario #683 : the box
Caz has been living in the department store since the day the Blue Star came and killed everyone who breathed in its toxic snow. She can't do so much as look outside. But life in the store is getting dangerous and so Caz decides to take her chances in the world outside, with only Will for company. What will she find in the bleak landscape? And is there even anything to find / WorldCat.
The prophet of Yonwood
The end of time : faith and fear in the shadow of the millennium
The wolf, the ram and the heart
Behemoth : seppuku
Hellboy : Weird tales. Volume one
