http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6384 squirrels (family)
squirrels (family)
Little Grey and the great mystery
Sakari Orava: The one the stars ask for
Landscape responses of the Siberian flying squirrel (Pteromys volans) in northern Finland : the effect of scale on habitat patterns and species incidence
The Slovak-Polish border, 1918-1947
The guide to owning chipmunks and similar species
The natural history of squirrels
Scaredy Squirrel prepares for Christmas
Robin's winter song
Pet owner's guide to the chipmunk
Assessing the effectiveness of different approaches to species conservation
The tale of squirrel Nutkin
A Christmas wish
Scaredy Squirrel makes a friend
Football fever
Mating patterns of the siberian flying squirrel in Finland
Spacing behaviour of the Siberian flying squirrel : - effects of landscape structure
Home range, habitat preference and natal dispersal of the Siberian flying squirrel (Pteromys volans)
Scaredy squirrel
The disgusting sandwitch
Ecological knowledge towards sustainable forest management : habitat requirements of the Siberian flying squirrel in Finland
The great big sleep
BSAVA manual of exotic pets : a foundation manual
There's a bison bouncing on the bed!
Shh! We have a plan
Ferrets, rabbits, and rodents : clinical medicine and surgery
On eating of pine-buds by the squirrel (Sciurus vulgaris)
Scaredy Squirrel prepares for for Halloween : a safety guide for scaredies
Scaredy Squirrel has a birthday party
Thimbleberry stories
Owly. 3 : Flying lessons
How to look after your small pets : an owners guide to caring for rabbits, guinea pigs, hamsters, gerbils and jirds, chinchillas, rats, mice and other rodents
Tally and Squill in a sticky situation
Maintenance of genetic diversity in four taiga specialists
Scaredy Squirrel at night
Shamanism : past and present. Part 1
The squirrel's birthday and other parties
Role of the Siberian flying squirrel as an umbrella species for biodiversity in northern boreal forests
Tick-tock
Owly : flying lessons
How to find a friend
Fungi in the winter diets of northern flying squirrels and red squirrels in the boreal mixedwood forest of northeastern Alberta
How to keep a pet squirrel
Urchin of the riding stars
Spacing behaviour of the Siberian flying squirrel : effects of landscape structure
Nutrition and behavior of uncommon species
A quirky safety guide combines practical tips with step-by-step instructions featuring an anxious Scaredy Squirrel, who prepares himself for the worst during the holiday season of decorating, entertaining, and confronting fruitcake.
Treehouse rescue!
A multi-scale modelling approach to the prediction of the flying squirrel occurrence (Pteromys volans)
Flora & Ulysses : the illuminated adventures
The temporal variation in Siberian flying squirrel (Pteromys volans) population size
The causes and consequences of population declines of two boreal forest species : the case of the willow tit (Parus montanus) and the Siberian flying squirrel (Pteromys volans)
The complete tales
Bird and Squirrel outwit Cat and become best friends in this zany adventure.  Squirrel is afraid of his own shadow. Bird doesn't have a care in the world. And Cat wants to eat Bird and Squirrel. Of course, he'll have to catch them first, and that's not going to be easy.  Join this trio as they head south for the winter in a hilarious road trip. But watch out! Cat is waiting around every bend, and he's one pesky feline / Library od Congress.
Scaredy squirrel at night
That's not my squirrel
The best birthday present ever!
Bird & Squirrel on the run!
Scaredy Squirrel at the beach
Pumpkin soup
Snowflake in my pocket
The greative book of soft toys
Scruffy bear and the lost ball
Building habitat model for the flying squirrel (Pteromys volans) based on observations reported by public in Central Finland
