http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6394 refiner mechanical pulp
refiner mechanical pulp
Development of fiber recovery process
Mechanical pulps : from wood to bleached pulp
Interactions between cationic starch and components of a peroxide-bleached termomechanical pulp
Oxalic acid and calcium oxalate in production of wood-containing paper : formation, analysis, and control
Prediction of thermo mechanical pulp brightness using NIR spectroscopy on wood raw material
Mechanochemical reactions in lignocellulosic materials
Studies on the ultrastructure of natural fibres and its effects on the fibre utilization
Adsorption of softwood-derived organic material onto various fillers during papermaking
Fundamental mechanisms in mechanical pulping
Mechanical pulps : added value for paper and board : [proceedings]. Volume 2
This study was a part of a project investigating energy efficiency in tissue   manufacturing. The project is being executed by Karlstad University Department of Chemical Engineering in collaboration with Metsä Tissue, Metso Paper and Södra.   Enzymatic treatment is a possible fibre treatment, which could reduce the energy   needed in refining, as well as provide fibres with suitable properties for the final product while reducing the energy needed for drying.     The objective of this bachelor's thesis was to research if enzymatic treatment of chemi-thermomechanical pulp fibres has any effect on the beatability and water retention   value. These properties can be correlated to energy consumption in the manufacturing process. The purpose of this bachelor's thesis was to find a suitable enzyme for this   research, plan an appropriate experimental arrangement and carry out the laboratory experiments. The experimental laboratory work included researching the effects of   enzyme concentration and moderate refining on water retention value of the fibres. This bachelor's thesis includes both qualitative and quantitative features.     The research was carried out at Karlstad University, Sweden. The preparation of pulp samples included enzyme treatment with the chosen endoglucanase and PFI mill   treatment. The samples were investigated by measuring the water retention value (WRV) using the standardized method. The results suggest that enzymatic treatment has a positive effect on refining and the water retention value. These are promising results for the energy economy. Choosing the enzyme was a part of this study and this selection process is described in the thesis as well. The trade name of the enzyme used in the   research is confidential.     This preliminary study encourages further research. That could be run for example with a few different enzymes, using different enzyme dosages and retention times and   different pulps that are used in tissue manufacturing. It would be beneficial to find the most efficient and inexpensive way to treat fibres with enzymes. It is also   important to investigate the physical fibre properties after enzymatic treatment. The results of this study were so encouraging that it would be interesting to scale them up to pilot mill trials.
Mechanical properties of softwood  kraft pulp fibres evaluated by the SFF test
Effect of heat and water on the ultrastructure of wood cellulose
IMPC 2005 : International Mechanical Pulping Conference : 7-9 June 2005, Oslo, Norway
Characterization and properties of machanical pulp fines
The intrinsic mechanisms of softwood fiber damage in brown stock fiber line unit operations
Comparison of metal profiles in thermomechanical pulping processes in which either hydrogen peroxide or dithionite bleaching is used
Mechanical pulps - added value for paper and board : 2001 International Mechanical Pulping Conference, June 4-8, 2001, Helsinki Fair Centre, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
On the application of grits to thermomechanical pulp refining
Brightness reduction of peroxide-bleached mechanical pulp and fillers in the wet end of a paper machine
Application of modern NMR spectroscopic techniques to structural studies of wood and pulp components
IMPC 2005 : International Mechanical Pulping Conference, 7-9 June 2005, Oslo, Norway
Papermaking science and technology. Book 17, Pulp and paper testing
4th Fundamental mechanical pulp seminar, 6-7-June 2004, Stockholm, Sweden
Reduction of specific energy consumption of a thermo-mechanical pulping plant
Assesing the stability of pitch in a paper mill using mechanical pulp
Enzymatic Treatment of Chemi-Thermomechanical Pulp
Handbook of pulp
Some aspects on solid and fluid mechanics of wood in relation to mechanical pulping
Enzymatic treatment of chemi-thermomechanical pulp
A way of reducing the energy demand in TMP by shear/compression deformation
Water circulations for effective bleaching of high-brightness mechanical pulps
Papermaking science and technology. Book 5, Mechanical pulping
Papermaking science and technology. Book 8, Papermaking : part 1: Stock preparation and wet end
Reinforcement ability of mechanical pulp fibres
Pulp bleaching : principles and practice
A study of the formation and elimination of chromophores in wood under mechanical pulping conditions using spectroscopy
Modeling of fiber suspension flows in refiner and other papermaking processes by combining non-Newtonian fluid dynamics and turbulence
Mannans in mechanical pulping and papermaking : naturally existing aids and promising wet-end additives
