http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6398 werewolves
werewolves
Wolven: a howlingly hairy adventure!
The reckoning
Wolf trouble
Wereworld  : rise of the wolf
Wolf at the door
Dance in the vampire bund omnibus 2. Volumes 4-6
The poison eaters and other stories
The mane attraction
Red riding hood
Darkness hunts : a dark angels novel
Underworld [2] : blood enemy : a novel
Rosario + vampire. 5 : Abominable snowgirl
Second skin
The mane event
Harbor moon
Dark heart surrender
One night ultimate werewolf
Men of the Otherworld
Dark Lycan : a Carpathian novel
A hunger like no other
Wolf with benefits
Battle of the zombies
The undying legion
Undead and done
Night pleasures ; Night embrace
The wolf-sisters
Dance in the vampire bund omnibus 3. Volumes 7-9
Dance in the vampire bund omnibus 4. Volumes 10-12
Space use and habitat selection of the wolf (<em>Canis lupus</em>) in human-altered environment in Finland
Snarling of wolves
Dead to the world : a Sookie Stackhouse novel
The mage in black
Torn
Blood and chocolate
Waistcoats & weaponry
Dead heat : an Alpha and Omega novel
The awakening
Curtsies and conspiracies
The wolves of midwinter
The werewolf's guide to life  : a manual for the newly bitten
Tales of the Otherworld
The hunter and the hunted
The damned
The talisman
In an alternate England of 1851, Sophronia Temminnick is the only hope for her friends, her school, and all of London when she must put her espionage training to the test to thwart an evil Picklemen plot.
The usborne big book of big monsters
Maneater
The new watch
Werewolves and shapeshifters : encounters with the beast within
Clean sweep
Black wolf's revenge
Magic stars
Sophronia continues her second year at finishing school in style - with a steel-bladed fan secreted in the folds of her ball gown, of course. Such a fashionable choice of weapon comes in handy when Sophronia, her best friend Dimity, sweet sootie Soap, and the charming Lord Felix Mersey stowaway on a train to return their classmate Sidheag to her werewolf pack in Scotland. Because no one would have suspected what - and who - they would find aboard the suspiciously empty train. Sophronia uncovers a plot that threatens to dissolve all of London into chaos and must decide where her loyalties lie once and for all.
Red moon
Brand of the pack
Red velvet and absinthe : paranormal erotic romance
Witchcraft
Alpha and Omega
Summit of the wolf
Pocket apocalypse : an Incryptid novel
Under the gun
Willowgrove
Shifting shadows : stories from the world of Mercy Thompson
There's a monster in my fridge
Alfie the werewolf : birthday surprise
Otherworld secrets
The wolf among us : PlayStation 4
Codex born
Lord of slaughter
Wolf man
A net of dawn and bones
Darker than you think
The beast in him
The wolf gift
Thornhill
Prey
Otherworld chills
The queen is dead
Howl for it
Vampire watchmen
Fire touched
Silver wolf clan
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
Twilight and history
The shadow revolution
In the final installment of the Otherworld anthology series, Armstrong brings the clever wit, dark twists and intense suspense her readers have come to expect.
Soulless : [the manga]. 2
Scarred, solitary Derek Gaunt has separated from his Pack, and is truly a lone wolf. With no family he answers to no one; but is fiercely loyal to a chosen few. So, when several of those close to him are murdered, he'll stop at nothing to hunt their killer through the magic-drenched streets of Atlanta. Never one to be left on the sidelines, equally determinedsome might say stubborn Julie Lennart-Olsen soon joins in his pursuit; and what began as revenge turns into a race to save the city. Their search pits them against powers they never imagined and magic so old, it predates history.
The curse of the werewolf : fantasy, horror and the beast within
Manners & mutiny
Underworld
Wicked deeds on a winter's night
The werewolf megapack : 22 classic and modern tales of shape-shifters!
Fables : Werewolves of the heartland
That's creepy!
Cycle of the werewolf
Werewolves of Montpellier
Underworld : evolution
Werewolf : the forsaken : a storytelling game of savage fury
Legacy of blood
Wolf Island
Trial by fire
Sweep in peace
Dark heart rising
Alexander Price has survived gorgons, basilisks, and his own family--no small feat, considering that his family includes two telepaths, a reanimated corpse, and a colony of talking, pantheistic mice. Still, he's starting to feel like he's got the hang of things...at least until his girlfriend, Shelby Tanner, shows up asking pointed questions about werewolves and the state of his passport. From there, it's just a hop, skip, and a jump to Australia, a continent filled with new challenges, new dangers, and yes, rival cryptozoologists who don't like their "visiting expert" very much.
Bang goes a troll
The silvered
Flirting under a full moon
Big bad beast
Book of Wyrm
Long live the queen
Ultimate werewolf : inquisition
Dance in the vampire bund omnibus 1. Volumes 1-3
The big hairy secret
Pocket apocalypse
The werewolf's guide to life : a manual for the newly bitten
"Mercy Thompson has been hailed as "a heroine who continues to grow and yet always remains true to herself." Now she's back, and she'll soon discover that when the fae stalk the human world, it's the children who suffer. Tensions between the fae and humans are coming to a head. And when coyote shapeshifter Mercy and her Alpha werewolf mate, Adam, are called upon to stop a rampaging troll, they find themselves with something that could be used to make the fae back down and forestall out-and-out war: a human child stolen long ago by the fae. Defying the most powerful werewolf in the country, the humans, and the fae, Mercy, Adam, and their pack choose to protect the boy no matter what the cost. But who will protect them from a boy who is fire touched?"
Raised by wolves
Otherworld nights
Dark calling
Originals. the complete third season
Who's afraid?
City of bones
Pure blood
The mystery of the haunted farm
Dead irons
Nightlife
How to flirt with a naked werewolf
One fell sweep
Hungry like the wolf
The mammoth book of wolf men : the ultimate werewolf anthology
Magic shifts
Becoming Alpha
Sea monsters and other delicacies
There's never been a female on the Dallas SWAT team and Senior Corporal Xander Riggs prefers it that way. The elite pack of alpha male wolfshifters is no place for a woman. But Khaki Blake is no ordinary woman. When Khaki walks through the door attractive as hell and smelling like heaven, Xander doesn't know what the heck to do. Worse, she's put under his command and Xander's protective instincts go on high alert. When things start heating up both on and off the clock, it's almost impossible to keep their heads in the game and their hands off each other.
The summoning
Vampire Queen Betsy Taylor continues her rule in Hell in the scorchingly funny finale to the Undead series from New York Times bestselling author MaryJanice Davidson. It had been a well-kept secret for centuries, but now the existence of vampires is all over the news, thanks to Betsy Taylor's half sister (and frustrated former Antichrist), Laura. Life for the undead will never be the same, and it's up to Betsy to do some damage control. But her interview on the local news doesn't exactly put out the fire. It more or less pours kerosene on it. With all the added attention on supernatural beings, the werewolves are more than a little agitated (never a good thing) and demand that Betsy gets her interview skills, and her family, in order. And while things go from bad to worse in the world, Hell continues to be hell--especially when Betsy's new parole program gets about as complicated as you'd expect. With a PR team launching a vampire-friendly campaign, the Devil at large and out to make trouble, and mermaids on hand to see who falls--and how hard--the end isn't just near. It's here. And if anyone knows how to go out with a bang, it's the Queen of Hell.
