http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6393 oscillators
oscillators
Newnes Electronics Engineer's Pocket Book
Analytical-numerical methods for finding hidden oscillations in dynamic systems
Complete wireless design
This thesis was part of a development program coordinated by the Finnish Defense Forces. This program includes several development projects for military communication systems.    The purpose of this thesis was to examine precise oscillators for ensuring the synchronization of communication systems. General oscillator techniques and theory were studied. This thesis deals with the oscillator technologies and the implementation of precise oscillator prototype.    The main design targets of the oscillator unit were high accuracy, compatibility with a tactical router, small size and usability. The oscillator unit can be used with a tactical router or as a stand-alone precise clock source. The prototype of an oscillator unit was planned, developed and tested in this project.    The oscillator unit includes a GPS synchronized precise atomic clock, a microcontroller, control logic and interface circuits. The oscillator unit has also interfaces for oscillator control and testing.    The chip scale atomic clock is a precise timing source. GPS system is the main timing source of the router. The oscillator acts as a secondary timing source of the tactical router. Further development ideas were presented in order to increase the performance of the oscillator unit. Key words: tactical router, oscillator, synchronization, timing.
Fiber optical parametric amplifiers, oscillators and related devices
Analysis and mitigation of oscillator impairments in modern receiver architectures
Analytical-numerical methods for finding hidden oscillations in dynamical systems
Switching and oscillatory dynamics of genetic networks
Integrated fault fetection system for a board machine
Using a precise clock oscillator for ensuring timing of telecommunication network
The science of sound
Physics for engineers and scientists
The design of CMOS radio-frequency integrated circuits
CMOS time-to-digital converter structures for the integrated receiver of a pulsed time-of-flight laser rangefinder
Student manual for the art of electronics
Physics
Low noise amplifiers and local oscillators for wireless communications receivers
Analog circuit techniques : with digital interfacing
Low frequency ultrasound propagation in metallic media
Integrated RF oscillators and LO signal generation circuits
Fiber optic devices pumped with semiconductor disk lasers
Abstract.
Experiments with digital electronics : 50 practical circuits
Basic electrical and electronic engineering
Electronics technology fundamentals : conventional flow version
Computer simulated experiments for electronic devices using electronics workbench
Local oscillator and IF chain for European millimeter wave radiometer, EMCOR
The design of modern microwave oscillators for wireless applications : theory and optimization
The electronic arts of sound and light
Frequency Deviations Caused by Capacitance Diodes in A Crystal Oscillator
Design of analog CMOS integrated circuits
Designing waveform-processing circuits
Low Cost vs CustomCrystals - A Preliminary Study
Phase transitions in large oscillator lattices
The electronics problem solver : a complete solution guide to any textbook
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
High-Q mechanical silicon oscillators in optomechanical sensor applications
Low power VCO design in CMOS
OFDM under oscillator phase noise : contributions to analysis and estimation methods
High-performance LC-VCOs and their analysis using time-varying root-locus
Ultrasound is one form of sound wave which is used to measure, detect and examine different kind of applications. Even though there is an already existing industrially made ultrasonic transducer that uses a high frequency ultrasound; it is expensive to get one for a personal use. Learning how to use the Olympus made ultrasonic transducer was a preliminary process before the overall step. On the other hand, there is a relatively cheaper low frequency piezoelectric in the market. Studying and testing it helps to reveal whether it can be used as a substitute in-place of one of the ultrasonic transducer’s application which is called Non Destructive Testing (NDT). It is this initial idea that the document addresses about. The property of low frequency ultrasound wave, generated by the piezoelectric (40 kHz - 300 kHz), in a metallic media is the core point. For this particular purpose six samples of piezoelectric (MCUSD18A40S09RS-30C, MCUSD13A300B09RS, MCUSR18A40B12RS MCUSD14A48S09RS-30C, MCUSD14A40S09RS-30C, MCUSD14A58S9RS-30C) were tested in different metallic media. The data collected from the experiment elaborates the analysis made in this study.
Integrated analogue CMOS circuits and structures for heart rate detectors and other low-voltage, low-power applications
Power efficient low phase noise MMW CVO in 65nm CMOS
Vibrations and waves
High precision time-to-digital converters for applications requiring a wide measurement range
Microwave circuit design using linear and nonlinear techniques
Design of RF and microwave amplifier and oscillators
Practical electronics for inventors
Filter-based oscillator algorithms for virtual analog synthesis
Basic electronics for scientists
Introduction to oscillating electrical machines
Electronic circuits : fundamentals and applications
All-digital frequency synthesizer in deep-submicron CMOS
The art of electronics
The ARRL handbook for radio amateurs : 1995
Electronic devices and circuits
High-efficiency Schottky-varactor frequency multipliers at millimeter waves
Synchronization and control of chaos : an introduction for scientists and engineers
