http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6399 hearing aids
hearing aids
Hearing disability assessment in evaluating hearing aid benefit
Integrated analogue CMOS circuits and structures for heart rate detectors and other low-voltage, low-power applications
Mobile interpreting in UMTS
Hearing impairment and tinnitus in the elderly
Abstract.
Advances in the spoken language development of deaf and hard-of-hearing children
The praeger guide to hearing and hearing loss : assessment, treatment, and prevention
Costs and effectiveness of hearing aid rehabilitation in the elderly
Practical hearing aid selection and fitting
Hearing in children
Hearing aids
Sound sense : Living and learning with hearing loss
Introduction to Communication was developed to help hearing-impaired high school students understand hearing loss and the ways it affects their communication with others. The course is designed to help them develop strategies and find resources for building communication skills. Students also explore various cultural aspects of deafness. This curriculum was developed by classroom teachers, and is addressed to other classroom teachers who work with similar students, requirements, and teaching situations in their everyday lives. It provides practical, useful information and activities designed to increase student confidence in and enjoyment of human communication.
Cochlear implants in deaf children
One out of every eight people between the ages of 18 and 67 in the United States has a hearing loss, estimated as 12 percent of the working-age population. Sound Sense: Living and Learning with Hearing Loss addresses the acute need of these people to function at the highest level in these income-earning years, the longest phase in their lives. In nine pointed chapters, author Sara Laufer Batinovich, who also has lost her hearing, shares her experience and knowledge in turning every challenge into an opportunity to become one’s best self-advocate. Batinovich begins in the workplace, advising on winning a job, keeping it, and developing a long-term career, plus how to reduce stress and establish fulfilling professional relationships with colleagues. She offers tips on communication ranging from having sales people face you for easier speechreading to parsing boarding announcements at airports and play-by-play at ballparks. Her practical handbook also provides step-by-step guidance for getting a hearing aid or a cochlear implant and finding one’s way through prickly insurance claim mazes. Sound Sense features information on finding a service dog, securing legally mandated accommodations for continuing education, tips on exercise and health, and even sensitive suggestions on strengthening personal relationships. Batinovich’s vivacious style and her own anecdotes add an upbeat, genuine sensibility to her book’s value as a positive guide to living with hearing loss.
Cochlear implants
Electroacoustic characteristics relevant to hearing aids
Paediatric audiology 0-5 years
Handbook of hearing aid amplification. Vol. 1, Theoretical and technical considerations
Cochlear implantation for infants and children : advances
Summary.
Rehabilitation assessment of postlingually deaf adults using single-channel intracochlear implants or vibrotactile aids : a prospective clinical study
The book addresses every facet of the ongoing controversy about implanting cochlear hearing devices in children as young as 12 months old and in some cases, younger. Authors and contributors analyzed the sensitive issues connected with the procedure by reviewing 439 responses to a survey of parents with children who have cochlear implants. They followed up with interviews of the parents of children who have had a year's experience using their implants, and also the children themselves. Their findings shape the core of this useful and telling study. The book begins with a history of their development and an explanation of how implants convert sound into electric impulses that stimulate the brain. The second section focuses of pediatric implants, starting with the ways parents coped with the discovery that their child was deaf. Parents share how they learned about cochlear implants and how they chose an implant center. They also detari theri children's expreriences with the implants after surgery, and their progress with language acquisition and in school. The final part treats the controversy associated with cochlear implants, particularly the reaction of the Deaf community and the ethics of implanting young children without their consent. The book concludes with sage observations and recommendations for parents and professionals that complete it as the essential book on the pros and cons of this burgeoning technology.
Cochlear implants and other implantable hearing devices
Cochlear implants in children : ethics and choices
Specifically developed as a current and comprehensive look at the rapidly evolving field of deaf education, this first edition text covers a wide array of critical topics regarding deaf and hard-of-hearing education including cognition, social development, personal development, myths and misconceptions, postsecondary opportunities and employment, cochlear implants, and personnel training.
Adult cochlear implant rehabilitation
Children with CI in Finland
Cochlear implantation : cost creating or cost saving? : proceedings of a Conference on Health Technology Assessment, Queen's Medical Centre, Nottingham, UK, 18 May 2001.
Cochlear implants : a practical guide
Phonic Ear PE 475-system
Functional visual and hearing impairment in a population aged 75 years and older in the City of Kuopio in Finland : associations with mood and activities of daily living
Opportunity and the deaf child
Audiology in education
Hearing and deafness : an introduction for health and education professionals
New Opportunities for Deaf Children
Music for children with hearing loss : a resource for parents and teachers
Audiology : treatment
Children with cochlear implants in educational settings
3rd International Congress of Paediatric Audiology : Access to communication
Contribution of hearing aid to speech reception among educationally deaf pupils
Deaf education in the 21st century : topics and trends
Facilitating classroom listening : a handbook for teachers of normal and hard of hearing students
"Telecommunications and disability" : proceedings of COST 219 seminar
Constructing deafness
The deaf child in a hearing family  : nurturing development
Fading sounds : about hearing and hearing aids
Living with hearing loss
Cochlear hearing loss : physiological, psychological and technical Issues
Facilitating hearing and listening in young children
Our Deaf Children into the 80's
Introduction to Communication
Speech audiometry
Dachy's deaf
