http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6392 portrait painting
portrait painting
I as me : making of 2000 & 11 self-portraits
Chinese figure painting for beginners
Leading philosopher of art Cynthia Freeland investigates some of the fascinating and fundamental questions posed by the art of portraiture, such as: What do portraits tell us? What do they mean? What makes a picture into a portrait? And can a picture of an animal ever really be a portrait?
No medium competes with oil in the world of portrait painting, and oil is best used to demonstrate principles of skin tones. In Chris Saper's second portrait book for North Light, readers will learn to incorporate life studies to improve accuracy in seeing and recording skin tones. Readers will enjoy two demonstrations for each of seven diverse subjects--one from life, and one from a finished portrait from photographs. Readers will enjoy rendering skin tones in oil as they are shown information on palette selection and materials; lighting and posing the model; the live sitting; the photographic sitting; and mini exercises on specific facial features. Includes all-new art, new information on photography, new step-by-step demonstrations and more.
Face parts : a visual source book for depicting the human face
"The Leopold Museum in Vienna is a Mecca for devotees of Egon Schiele as it houses the world's largest permanent collection of the artist's works. Comprising works from 1905 to 1918, the year of Schiele's death, this book features large-scale reproductions that allow readers to closely examine the artist's extraordinary use of line and color. Presented chronologically, these works on paper are accompanied by insightful commentary. An introduction and biography of Schiele by Rudolf Leopold discuss the artist's influences, his controversial career, and his place in the pantheon of twentieth-century artists."
Lucian Freud 1922-2011 : beholding the animal
Painting people : figure painting today
Vibrant children's portraits : painting beautiful hair and skin tones with oils
Vermeer : the complete works
The Pre-Raphaelites at home
Alice Neel : painter of modern life
Hockney's portraits and people
Remake : master works of art reimagined
Fabric of vision : dress and drapery in painting
The art of portraits
Everything is happening : journey into a painting
Watercolor : paintings of contemporary artists
Elizabeth Peyton : here she comes now
National Portrait Gallery in colour
Marlene Dumas : the image as burden
"Intermediate and advanced art students receive a broad vocabulary of effects with this in-depth study of light. Topics include basics, use of light to define form and space, field effects, colored light, and many other subjects. Diagrams and paintings illustrate applications of principles to figure, still life, and landscape paintings"--
Creating art : theory & technique : teoria & tekniikka = Kuvan tekeminen
Obnazhennaja figura utshebnyh rabot studentov Rossijskogo akademitsheskogo instituta im. I. E. Repina = Selection of nude oil study of Repin academy of fine arts
The subject in art : portraiture and the birth of the modern
Picturing people : the new state of the art
In pursuit of the UnSafe : locating the native artist
Charles Willson Peale with patron and populace : a supplement to Portraits and miniatures by Charles Willson Peale, with a survey of his work in other genres
Basic watercolour : how to paint what you see
Sargent : painting out-of-doors
Reclining nude
The 1930s : the making of "the new man"
Lucian Freud : painting people
The artists mother : the greatest painters pay tribute to the women who rocked their cradles
Russkij portret XVIII-XIX vekov v muzeâh RSFSR = Russian portrait of the 18th and 19th centuries in the RSFSR museum
Anne-Karin Furunes : dialogue with light
Placing faces : the portrait and the English country house in the long eighteenth century
Serguei Zlenko : album of selected works : paintings, graphics, sculpture = Sergej Zlenko : al'bom izbrannyh proizvedenij : živopis', grafika, skul'ptura
Man with a blue scarf : on sitting for a portrait by Lucian Freud
Masterpieces in detail. Vol. 1, From antiquity to the Renaissance
Dictionary of sea painters
Lessons in realistic watercolor : a contemporary approach to painting people and places in the classical tradition
Drawing & painting in watercolour
Light for the artist
Art for Obama  : designing manifest hope and the campaign for change
Tuning : el arte de la modificación = the art of modification
Ford Madox Brown : a catalogue raisonné
Underneath the eyes
This insightful catalogue examines anew the full range of Alice Neel's (1900-1984) celebrated paintings of people, still life, and cityscapes. Featuring around seventy paintings spanning the entire length of her career, this handsome book accompanies a major retrospective of her work, and reveals her underlying interest in the history of photography, German painting of the 1920s, and other artists, such as Van Gogh and Cezanne, all of which provided an important precedent for the veracity and raw emotional intensity of her figurative works. Neel is renowned for her visual acuity and psychological depth, and her portraits and nude paintings of friends, family, strangers, and prominent cultural figures alike convey an incredibly consistent intimacy regardless of the relationship to her subject. The accompanying essays trace the trajectory of Neel's artistic language as it evolved alongside contemporaneous trends in the New York City art world and examines the manner in which her own work figured into the social and cultural contexts of her time. Created over a sixty year period, Neel's oeuvre offers a remarkably expressive document of the specific milieus she navigated through and ultimately transcends the marker of time altogether. 0Exhibition: Ateneum Art Museum, Helsinki, Finland (06-10.2016) / Gemeente Museum, The Hague, The Netherlands (11.2016-02.2017) / Fondation Vincent van Gogh, Arles, France (03-09.2017) / Deichtorhallen, Hamburg, Germany (10.2017-01.2018)
Hidden in the shadow of the master : the model-wives of Cézanne, Monet, and Rodin
The portrait now
Masterpieces in detail. Vol. 1 : From antiquity to the Renaissance / Rose-Marie & Rainer Hagen ; [English translation: Karen Williams]
Phantoms of the Louvre
Frans Hals of Antwerp
Van Dyck : paintings and drawings
Lucian Freud spent seven months painting a portrait of the art critic Martin Gayford. Gayford describes the process chronologically, from the day he arrived for the first sitting through to his meeting with the couple who bought the finished painting. As Freud creates his portrait, so Gayford produces his own portrait of the artist.
I as Me is a making-of detailing the project 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS, which was part of the official programme of Turku European Capital of Culture 2011. The project opened up a new outlook on self-portraits and autobiographical writing to all who are interested in making, studying or using art – especially for art students in higher education and those intrigued by the empowering aspects of art. The project was coordinated by the Arts Academy of Turku University of Applied Sciences. This book is based on the Finnish work Omakuva on jokaisen kuva (A Self-Portrait is a Portrait of Everyone, 2011), which was published as part of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project. Some of the articles have been expanded, and also a lot of makingof material has been added, including interviews of the participants, artwork from the exhibitions, new workshop methods and other miscellaneous documentation. In this book, workshop leaders, participants, artists and researchers discuss their own ways to view, access and create self-portraits as well as autobiographical writing. Additionally, I as Me contains a wide selection of self-portraits made in numerous workshops of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project, creating a fascinating period piece. Self-Portrait is diverse and personal -- (Takakansi)
Andrew Wyeth : looking out, looking in
Portraits and persons : a philosophical inquiry
Alice Neel : painted truths
"This volume is an examination of the contemporary figurative painter Eric Fischl. More than 250 works, selected in conjunction with the artist, present the scope of Fischl's career: the formative work of the 1970s, including the controversial Sleepwalker and Bad Boy; and the mature work, often of a personal and contemplative nature, of the 1990s and 2000s."
Neizvestnyj Končalovskij : živopis' iz sobraniâ sem'i hudožnika, častnyh kollekcij i GMII im. A. S. Puškina : k 125-letiû so dnâ roždeniâ hudožnika = Unknown Konchalovsky : artwork from family and private collections and State Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts : dedicated to the 125th anniversary of the artist
Tretjakovin gallerian aarteita : venäläisen maalaustaiteen mestariteoksia 1800-luku - 1900-luvun alku = Skatter från Tretjakovgalleriet : mäaterverk ur det ryska måleriet 1800-talet - 1900-talets början = Treasures of the State Tretyakov Gallery : masterpieces of russian painting 19th century - early 20th century
Egon Schiele : the Leopold Collection, Vienna
Alice Neel : one of the great portrait painters of hte 20th century
Berthe Morisot
Fellow men : Fantin-Latour and the problem of the group in nineteenth-century French painting
"Explores the themes and stylistic developments of the art of Alice Neel, one of the greatest American painters of the twentieth century, with works spanning nearly seven decades, four essays and additional texts addressing themes and specific works, three artists' appreciations, and a chronology and bibliography."
Classic portrait painting in oils : keys to mastering diverse skin tones
Masterpieces in detail. Vol. 2, From Rembrandt to Rivera
Kuvan tekeminen : Teoria & tekniikka = Creating art : theory & technique
Edelfelt and the Hals-renaissance of the 1800s / Tutta Palin
Murillo : scenes of childhood
Slave portraiture in the Atlantic world
This book explores the rich but understudied relationship between English country houses and the portraits they contain. It features essays by well-known scholars such as Alison Yarrington, Gill Perry, Kate Retford, Harriet Guest, Emma Barker and Desmond Shawe-Taylor. Works discussed include grand portraits, intimate pastels and imposing sculptures. Moving between residences as diverse as Stowe, Althorp Park, the Vache, Chatsworth, Knole and Windsor Castle, it unpicks the significance of various spaces - the closet, the gallery, the library - and the ways in which portraiture interacted with those environments.
"Slave Portraiture in the Atlantic World is the first book to focus on the individualized portrayal of enslaved people from the time of Europe's full engagement with plantation slavery in the late sixteenth century to its final official abolition in Brazil in 1888"--
The rebirth of an image : transformation in the construction of meaning in painting : a case study of Diego Velázquez' and Francis Bacon's papal portraits of Innocent X
One painting a day : a 6-week course in observational painting : creative extraordinary painting from everyday experiences
