http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6406 businesswomen
businesswomen
The entrepreneurial characteristics of farm women
In my shoes : a memoir
The suffragette scandal
Consumer buying behaviour in business clothing markets of women in St Petersburg
Helena Rubinstein : the woman who invented beauty
The glass wall : success strategies for women at work
Take a chance on me
Education for world peace : the present situation and future prospect
Abstract: Why women become entrepreneurs? : background and preconditions for entrepreneurship of women in St. Petersburg.
Teacher to tycoon : the life and times of Trinidad Diaz Enriquez
Christmas on 4th Street
Choral society
Female entrepreneurs in nineteenth-century Russia
The sweet spot
Girl code : unlocking the secrets to success, sanity, and happiness for the female entrepreneur
“The single mompreneur” : how single mothers combine entrepreneurship and daily life
Women and social protest
Little Beach Street Bakery
Being Martha : the inside story of Martha Stewart and her amazing life
Business as unusual : Anita Roddick
Merchants' Daughters : Women, Commerce and Regional Culture in South China
Speak Out, Step Up, Act NO. Not only do we need more female leaders at the top, but we need more women at all levels of business, government, and nonprofits to step up-there's no time to waste. The problem, says Helene Lerner, isn't so much that women lack confidence but that they misunderstand what confidence really is. True confidence isn't fearlessness; it's having the courage to jump in even when your knees are shaking. Any woman who waits until she feels 100 percent confident before offering a big idea or asking for a raise or promotion will never get anywhere. Drawing on her own and other.
Closing the leadership gap : why women can and must help run the world
Rhett Butler's people
The Confidence Myth : why Women Undervalue Their Skills, and How to Get Over It
Builders of a New Europe : women immigrants from the Eastern Trans-regions
Ain't too proud to beg
To be the best
Woman's estate
Women in business
To tempt an Irish rogue
female spiritual masters, largely unknown to westerners.
Body and soul : profits with principles : the amazing success story of Anita Roddick & the Body Shop
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
After Nicole Perkins opens her store, The Christmas Attic, in Fool's Gold, California, business is booming. When recuperating army doctor Gabriel Boylan offers to help out during the holiday rush, she discovers his memories of Christmas past contain more sour grapes than sugarplums. Are the red-hot mistletoe kisses they can't stop sharing just a distraction for him-- or is true love just waiting to be unwrapped?
28 business thinkers who changed the world : the management gurus and mavericks who changed the way we think about business
"In 'The Woman's Place is in the Boardroom' the authors put the business case for more women on company boards. In the next book they explained how to acheive it. Here the authors discuss the role women directors can play in the reform of corporate governance systems following recent financial, crises in leadership, governance and the economy"--
The last decade has witnessed the rise of a great number of transnational social movements and activist networks. While many of these movements have been initiated in the North, some are driven by people from the Global South with the aim of addressing various forms of destitution and asserting a variety of basic economic and cultural rights. Such transnational organizing is increasingly evident in Sub-Saharan Africa. Some of these initiatives relate particularly to the growing numbers of people depending on forms of informal work for survival. This edition of Current African Issues looks into the transnationalization of a local association of informal workers as it becomes involved in an international network of grassroots organizations. While this transnational engagement opens up new political possibilities, it also poses new challenges. Participation in international activities is highly unequal and mediated rather than direct, as influential actors engage in practices of gate-keeping that tend to work to the disadvantage of women. Tensions also emerged as a result of the divergent gender ideologies espoused by different participants. The paper draws on various theoretical perspectives on spatial politics in the global age to interrogate the unequal and contested spatialities of this transnational activism. Feminist scholarship sheds further light on the gendering processes at work in the transnationalization of a grassroots association.
I Steve : SteveJobs, in his own words
Daughters of the vale of tears : ethnographic approach with socio-historical and religious emphasis to family welfare in the Messianic Jewish Movement in Ukraine 2000
The woman worker and the trade unions
It's not you, it's me
Tiger girls : women and enterprises in the People's Republic of China
Women and the new business leadership
Small business, entrepreneurship and enterprise development
Māte Mahādēvi: a progressive female mystic in today's India
Handbook on women in business and management
Body and soul : profits with principles : the amazing success story of Anita Roddick
Business as unusual
Women in the Labour and Socialist International : report submitted to the third women's international conference of the L.S.I. and the third congress of the L.S.I. by the secretariat of the L.S.I
Estée Lauder : businesswoman and cosmetics pioneer
The prison memoirs of a Japanese woman
Why women become entrepreneurs? : background and preconditions for entrepreneurship of women in St. Petersburg
Siberia bound : chasing the American dream on Russia's wild frontier
Abstract: Consumer buying behaviour in business clothing markets of women in St Petersburg.
Women in business : perspectives on women entrepreneurs
Women in business, 1700-1850
Balancing act
"The last three decades of the People's Republic of China has been characterized by decentralization, marketization and privatization. What might be expected from a developing country like China with a significant number of women in the labour force? Do the traditional values of male superiority still stay the same in the background of China's great social change? The notion of 'tiger girls' seems to reflect one of the alternative paths that is now becoming available to the modern Chinese woman. The social development and changes in recent China have provided women with access to education, employment, and independent income. Consequently, they are casting off obedient and subordinate roles and gaining more and more individual power and strength outside the home. Using empirical research findings from three localities in China, Tiger Girls examines the deeper realities of women entrepreneurs in China, and by extension the role of leading women in the workforce"--
Americanah
Women and revolution in Nicaragua
Woman and the socialist movement
In the company of women
A day to remember
New perspectives on women entrepreneurs
China for businesswomen : a strategic guide to travel, negotiating, and cultural differences
What men don't tell women about business : opening up the heavily guarded alpha male playbook
Woman's Estate is a compilation of several essays written by Juliet Mitchell in the late 1960's and in 1970, combined with new material that both connects the older essays and elaborates upon the implications of Mitchell's arguments. Mitchell describes the women's liberation movement (the term she uses to designate the most progressive wing of the women's movement) as the vanguard of radical political activism in the late 1960's. She likewise sees it as the key element in a new revolutionary political movement.
Joy
Transnational activism networks and gendered gatekeeping : negotiating gender in an African association of informal workers
The long road to Greenham : feminism and anti-militarism in Britain since 1820
Women entrepreneurs : moving beyond the glass ceiling
Who says it's a man's world : the girls' guide to corporate domination
The sweet spot : a novel
Limitless : leadership that endures
Summer at Little Beach Street Bakery
Enterprising women in transition economies
How do women in top management affect firms’ performance?
Meet me at the cupcake cafe
Viva explores the growing role of women in Latin America focussing in particular on the construction of gender through political activism and the centrality of gender, class and ethnicity to the ideological construct of 'the nation'.
The elusive agenda : mainstreaming women in development
"A dream of liberty" : Constance Markievicz's vision of Ireland, 1908-1927
War paint : Miss Elizabeth Arden and Madame Helena Rubinstein : their lives, their times, their rivalry
The bodyguard
Women and equality in Finnish business life
"Viva" : women and popular protest in Latin America
Barbie and Ruth : the story of the world's most famous doll and the woman who created her
Abstract: Women's voices and peripheral politics : feminist interpretations of the transition of stage in the Ireland of the 1990's.
Enterprising women and shipping in the nineteenth century
City of hope
A perfect heritage
Women, business and finance in nineteenth-century Europe : rethinking separate spheres
Women, work & the art of savoir faire : business sense & sensibility
Women in the Labour movement : the British experience
