http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6407 businessmen
businessmen
Rise above : how one man's search for mobility helped the world get moving
My way : Berlusconi in his own words
Double standards
""A collection of direct quotes from Richard Branson on topics related to business, entrepreneurship, the Virgin Group, philanthropy, and life"--Provided by publisher"--
"Richard Branson, who has been called "England's most outrageous billionaire," is also one of the world's most successful business leaders. Since the age of 16, when he founded Student magazine, Branson has been creating companies and finding innovative ways to grow them into the prodigious conglomerate known as the Virgin Group. At the age of 20, Branson founded a mail-order record retailer. Two years later he built a recording studio where the first artist signed to his Virgin label, Mike Oldfield, recorded the haunting soundtrack to The Exorcist. Decades later, industries as varied as entertainment (Virgin Music), retail (Virgin Megastores), transportation (Virgin Airlines), and telecommunications (Virgin Mobile) all bear Branson's business moniker. For the first time, the most thought-provoking, revealing, and inspiring quotes from Branson are compiled in a single book.  Virgin Rebel: Richard Branson in His Own Words is a comprehensive guidebook to the inner workings of the Virgin Group chairman and founder. Hundreds of Branson's best quotes, comprising thoughts on business, music, entrepreneurship, politics, exploration, and life lessons, provide an intimate and direct look into the mind of this modern business icon. "--
The making of Donald Trump
Soros : the unauthorized biography
Screw it, let's do it : lessons in life
Smooth talking stranger
Losing my Virginity : how I've Survived, Had Fun, and Made a Fortune Doing Business My Way
Business in North Korea: a paradoxical and fascinating situation is interpreted by a true insider. In 2002, the Swiss power company ABB appointed Felix Abt its country director for North Korea. The Swiss entrepreneur lived and worked in North Korea for seven years, one of the few foreign businessmen there. After the experience, Abt felt compelled to write 'A capitalist in North Korea' to describe the multifaceted society he encountered. North Korea, at the time, was heavily sanctioned by the UN, which made it extremely difficult to do business. Yet, he discovered that it was a place where plastic surgery and South Korean TV dramas were wildly popular and where he rarely needed to walk more than a block to grab a quick hamburger. He was closely monitored, and once faced accusations of spying, yet he learned that young North Koreans are hopeful--signing up for business courses in anticipation of a brighter, more open, future. In 'A capitalist in North Korea', Abt shares these and many other unusual facts and insights about one of the world's most secretive nations.
Birth of the chaordic age
Trump : the art of the deal
The Tao of Warren Buffett : Warren Buffett's words of wisdom : quotations and interpretations to help guide you to billionaire wealth and enlightened business management
The animated man : a life of Walt Disney
Narcoland : the Mexican drug lords and their godfathers
Elephant in the room : how relationships make or break the success of leaders and organizations
The strength of Serbia : interviews 1977-2007
Desire me always
Sidney Sheldon's After the darkness
"Provides a fascinating perspective on those enterprises and entrepreneurs that have changed the landscape of society while highlighting the challenges and excitement of launching new innovative businesses.  Meticulously researched with fresh insights into the entrepreneurial process, Jeffrey Harris brings the in-depth perceptions from his nearly thirty years of venture capital experience to provide a thorough understanding of the transformative ideas and leadership abilities that separate the winners and losers.  From Fred Smith's Federal Express to Hugh Hefner's Playboy, and Ted Turner's CNN to Steve Jobs' Apple, the pioneering business models and execution skills of the founders come to life providing an inspirational lens for those chasing the dream.  Great entrepreneurs included are:  Josiah WedgwoodGeorge EastmanHenry FordChristo and Jeane-ClaudeWalt DisneyHugh HefnerSteve JobsHoward SchultzLarry Page and Sergey BrinRobert Swanson and Dr. Herb Boyer"--
Island of flowers
Chaos monkeys
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
Red notice : how I became Putin's no. 1. enemy
Reach for the skies : ballooning, birdmen & blasting into space
Most wanted
Things a little bird told me : confessions of the creative mind
Innovation nation : Canadian leadership from Java to Jurassic Park
Grinding it out : the making of McDonald's
Elon Musk : how the billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is shaping our future
Covet : a novel of the Fallen Angels
Brazillionaires : the godfathers of modern Brazil
Against the odds : an autobiography
Love him or hate him, Trump's influence is undeniable. A man of great media savvy, entrepreneurial spirit, and political clout, Trump's career has been plagued by legal troubles and mounting controversy. Johnston tells the full story of how a boy from a quiet section of Queens, NY would become an entirely new, and complex, breed of public figure. Drawing on decades of interviews, financial records, court documents, and public statements, Johnston gives us the most in-depth look yet at the man who would be president.
A capitalist in North Korea : my seven years in the hermit kingdom
A survival guide to Finnish : sauna, sisu & Sibelius : for businesspeople
A country called Nigeria : the journey of an African American businessman who lived in Nigeria for more than fourteen years
A sparrow falls
Buffett : the making of an American capitalist
The elegance of hedgehog
The secret
Partner in empire : Dwarkanath Tagore and the age of enterprise in eastern India
The Bushes : portrait of a dynasty
The snack thief
Warren Buffett's management secrets : proven tools for personal and business success
Calling
Pioneer American businessman in Korea : the life and times of Walter Davis Townsend
My life and work
Howard Hughes : the untold story
Kazakhstan : the business traveller's handbook
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
Memoirs
28 business thinkers who changed the world : the management gurus and mavericks who changed the way we think about business
A hologram for the king : a novel
Stuff matters : genius, risk and the secret of capitalism
Trump : the art of the comeback
The birthday party
China dawn : the story of a technology and business revolution
Managing radical business innovations : a study of internal corporate venturing at Sonera Corporation
American showman : Samuel "Roxy" Rothafel and the birth of the entertainment industry 1908-1935
The snowball : Warren Buffett and the business of life
Disrupted : ludicrous misadventures into the tech start-up bubble
Sam Walton : made in America, me story
The real aviator : The Howard Hughes story
The American business creed
The oligarchs : wealth and power in the new Russia
The world of Mr Selfridge : the glamour and romance
Ask John : straight-talking, common sense from the front line of management
The believers : how America fell for Bernard Madoff's $65 billion scam
Some girls, some hats and Hitler : a true love story
Behind God's back
International negotiations : a multi-case study on negotiation differences between Finnish and Chilean businessmen
Kone's prince : the colorful life of Pekka Herlin
Death benefit
Be careful what you wish for
My favourite wife
Leading by design : the IKEA story
From bags to blenders : The Journey of a Yorkshire Businessman
Kowloon Tong : a novel
Return to happiness
Fighting it out
Siberia bound : chasing the American dream on Russia's wild frontier
Americanah
This is the story of John Self, consumer extraordinaire. Ceaselessly inventive and savage, this is a tale of life lived without restraint; of money, the terrible things it can do and the disasters it can precipitate
What are the biggest cultural factor-related challenges for Finnish SMEs while doing business with the Chinese?  : case: real voice from three businessmen
Businessmen and politics : studies of business activity in British politics, 1900-1945
Transformative entrepreneurs : how Walt Disney, Steve Jobs, Muhammad Yunus, and other innovators succeeded
The British business elite : its attitudes to class, status and power
Exposure : from president to whistleblower at Olympus
Kinder than solitude : a novel
The Virgin way : everything I know about leadership
Fifty shades of grey
Shopping, seduction & Mr Selfridge
George Eastman and Kodak
"One of the most provocative entrepreneurs of our time, who started Eckō Unltd out of his parents' garage and turned it into a media empire, Marc Eckō reveals his formula for building an authentic brand or business. Marc Eckō began his career by spray-painting t-shirts in the garage of his childhood home in suburban New Jersey. A graffiti artist with no connections and no fashion pedigree, he left the safety net of pharmacy school to start his own company. Armed with only hustle, sweat equity, and creativity, he flipped a $5,000 bag of cash into a global corporation now worth $500 million. Unlabel is a success story, but it's one that shares the bruises, scabs, and gut-wrenching mistakes that every entrepreneur must overcome to succeed. Through his personal prescription for success--the Authenticity Formula--Eckō recounts his many innovations and misadventures in his journey from misfit kid to the CEO. It wasn't a meteoric rise; in fact, it was a rollercoaster that dipped to the edge of bankruptcy and even to national notoriety, but this is an underdog story we can learn from: Ecko's doubling down on the core principles of the brand and his formula for action over talk are all lessons for today's entrepreneurs. Ecko offers a brash message with his inspirational story: embrace pain, take risks, and be yourself. Unlabel demonstrates that, like or not, you are a brand and it's up you to take control of it and create something authentic. Unlabel is a groundbreaking guide to channeling your creativity, finding the courage to defy convention, and summoning the confidence to act and be competitive in any environment"--
Japanese business pioneers
The gun seller
The Sinebrychoffs - a historical sketch
Asian godfathers : money and power in Hong Kong and South-East Asia
Dance to the piper
The philanthropy of George Soros  : building open societies
Limitless : leadership that endures
The truth about Ikea : how to create a global brand and secretly become the world's richest man
Trump revealed : an American journey of ambition, ego, money, and power
Harry's last stand : how the world my generation built is falling down, and what we can do to save it
Godfather of the Kremlin : Boris Berezovsky and the looting of Russia
The hippopotamus
Unlabel : selling you without selling out
Branson : behind the mask
Done deals : venture capitalists tell their stories
Stone's fall
Elon Musk : how the billionaire ceo of SpaceX and Tesla is shaping our future
The perspective of the world
"A dream of liberty" : Constance Markievicz's vision of Ireland, 1908-1927
In 2012, Brazilian tycoon Eike Batista was the eighth richest man in the world, his $30bn fortune built on Brazil's incredible natural resources. By the middle of 2013 he had lost it all, engulfed in scandal. Brazillionaires is a fast-paced account of Batista's rise and fall, and of the rise and rise of the hyper-rich, not just in Brazil but the world over: a story of helicopter flights, high-speed car crashes and beach-front penthouses. But it is also an investigation into a country apparently poised to become a superpower, yet beset by endemic inequality and corruption. Stefan Zweig said in 1941 that Brazil was the country of the future; Brazilians joke that it always will be. Today, despite recent turmoil, that future seems closer than ever. It is the world's seventh-largest economy, companies like Heinz, Budweiser and Burger King are now controlled by Brazilian investors and Rio de Janeiro is hosting the 2016 Olympics. The brazillionaires have ridden the crest of Brazil's wave of progress; through them Brazillionaires tells the story of their country's past, present and future.
Business the Richard Branson way : 10 secrets of the world's greatest brand builder
Elon Musk : Tesla, SpaceX, and the quest for a fantastic future
The long Earth
The rich : from slaves to super-yachts : a 2000-year history
The truth about Ikea : the secret behind the world's fifth richest man and the success of the Swedish flatpack giant
Nobel : the man and his prizes
"Fifty years ago he was a young man in a wheelchair who needed to get to work. Today Ralph Braun is CEO of BraunAbility, the largest manufacturer of wheelchair-accessible vehicles in the world. Capitalizing on the age-old saying 'Necessity is the mother of invention,' Braun refused to let his disability hold him back and , in the process, brought independence and mobility to thousands. 'Rise Above' tells the story of how self-reliance, common sense, and a refusal to accept the status quo led to one man's triumph in business and in life."--Jacket.
A portrait of the life and career of investment guru Warren Buffett sheds new light on the man, as well as on the work, ideas, business principles, strategies, and no-nonsense insights that have guided his phenomenally successful business endeavors.
(A quarter of) the world in their hands : 19 personal journeys to success
1000 dollars and an idea : entrepreneur to billionaire
The rise and fall ... and rise again
Madoff with the money
The discreet hero
Who's who in Lithuania
Our kind of traitor
Interest and ideology : the foreign policy beliefs of American businessmen
A passion for winning : fifty years of promoting legendary people and products
Customer satisfaction among business customers in Hotel Astor Wasa
Malaysia : the business traveller's handbook
Virgin rebel : Richard Branson in his own words
