http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6402 radiology
radiology
Radiology casebook for medical students
Essentials of radiology
A clinician's guide to nuclear medicine
Pocket guide to radiography
Radiographic positioning and related anatomy
Radiation protection education in the use of mobile C-arm for the nurses
Handbook of radiobiology
Practical radiographic imaging
Effect of added filtration on patient dose, exposure index  and image quality
Radiopharmaceuticals : drug applications : Nordic guidelines
Essentials of radiologic science
Principles of veterinary radiography
Purpose    To establish an understanding of radiography education across Europe by surveying higher education institutions registered as affiliate members of the European Federation of Radiography Societies (EFRS).    Method    An online survey was developed to ascertain data on: curricula, duration, credit load, accreditation requirements, staff qualifications, staff and student exchange opportunities, and availability of postgraduate programmes. Responses were identifiable in terms of educational institution and country. All 46 affiliated educational institutions were invited to participate in the survey. Descriptive and thematic analyses are reported.    Results    A response rate of 89.1% (n = 41) was achieved from educational institutions representing 21 countries. The majority of institutions (63.4%) offer a combined Medical Imaging, Radiotherapy and Nuclear Medicine programme; dedicated Medical Imaging programmes are offered by 14 institutions (34.2%); dedicated Radiotherapy programme by one institution (2.4%), and a dedicated Nuclear Medicine programme by only three institutions (6.5%). The Bologna (Bachelor) cycle has been adopted by 90.2% of responding institutions. The majority of institutions (53.7%) indicated programmes of 3 years in duration, others stated 3.5–4 years. Only 14.6% of institutions require 'International Level' accreditation for the Bachelors radiography programme. Postgraduate programmes were not offered by 26.8% of institutions and a deficit in Doctoral status for radiography educators was identified.    Conclusions    The Bologna (Bachelor) cycle for radiography education has been adopted across the majority of institutions, however, full alignment remains a priority. Postgraduate radiography education opportunities across Europe appear to be insufficient and further investigation of radiography accreditation processes is justified to ensure harmonisation of practice.
Phyllosilicates and clay minerals : a laboratory handbook for their X-ray diffraction analysis
Diagnostic medical exposures : advice on exposure to ionising radiation during pregnancy
Now in its eighth edition, "Torres' Patient Care in Imaging Technology" is trusted to develop the knowledge and skills that enable students to become safe and sensitive practitioners in every aspect of patient care. The text is designed to present key concepts effectively for beginning students as well as more advanced students and practitioners who want to improve their skills in patient care and imaging technology. "Torres' Patient Care in Imaging Technology" is a highly visual, focused, comprehensive text that presents key concepts, current trends, and advances in imaging technology and patient care in an engaging manner. The new edition includes an introductory chapter on radiography and contains expanded coverage of HIPAA and diversity. Two new features: cultural Considerations boxes and case Studies with critical thinking questions, build on the text's emphasis on helping students develop the skills needed to think critically and react appropriately in an actual clinical setting. The student-friendly writing style and logical organization allow instructors to cover the essentials of patient care in a limited amount of time. It is an illustration - and feature - rich approach enhances learning for students of multiple learning styles.
Merrill's atlas of radiographic positioning & procedures. Vol. 2
Merrill's atlas of radiographic positions and radiologic procedures : volume one
Radiography
Sex chromosomes in human tooth root growth : radiographic studies on 47,XYY males, 46,XY females, 47,XXY males and 45,X/46,XX females
Evidence-based digital imaging quality assurance and dose optimization : learning by doing
Radiographer's role in dose optimisation in co-operation with  dentists in orthopantomography
Adaptive radiation therapy
Merrill's atlas of radiographic positions and radiologic procedures : volume two
European journal of ultrasound : official journal of the European Federation of Societes for Ultrasound in Medicine and Biology
Written in an engaging, easy-to-read style, this book covers the topics most often included in introductory radiology courses and emphasizes clinical problem solving. The text offers guidelines for selecting imaging studies in specific clinical situations and takes a systematic approach to imaging interpretation, presenting a review of normal anatomy, technical and pathologic considerations, and diagnostic advice. The Fourth Edition includes: NEW! Full-color design and illustrations. 50 new images, updated to reflect the latest technology. Expanded coverage of neurotoxicity and radiation exposure. Additional "Diagnostic Pearls" included in each chapter.
Procedures to optimise the imaging practice of the chest X-ray examinations to newborns treated in PICU
Purpose: To establish an understanding of patient safety within radiography education across Europe by  surveying higher education institutions registered as affiliate members of the European Federation of  Radiographer Societies (EFRS).  Method: An online survey was developed to ascertain data on: programme type, patient safety definitions,  relevant safety topics, specific areas taught, teaching and assessment methods, levels of teaching  and curriculum drivers. Responses were identifiable in terms of educational institution and country. All  54 affiliated educational institutions were invited to participate. Descriptive and thematic analyses are  reported.  Results: A response rate of 61.1% (n ¼ 33) was achieved from educational institutions representing 19  countries. Patient safety topics appear to be extremely well covered across curricula, however, topics  including radiation protection and optimisation were not reported as being taught at an 'advanced level'  by five and twelve respondents, respectively. Respondents identified the clinical department as the  location of most patient safety-related teaching.  Conclusions: Patient safety topics are deeply embedded within radiography curricula across Europe.  Variations exist in terms of individual safety topics including, teaching and assessment methods, and the  depth in which subjects are taught. Results from this study provide a baseline for assessing developments  in curricula and can also serve as a benchmark for comparisons.
Atlas of dental radiographic anatomy
Radiology has been transformed by new imaging advances and a greater demand for imaging, along with a much lower tolerance for error as part of the quality and safety revolution in healthcare. With greater emphasis on patient safety and quality in imaging practice, imaging specialists are increasingly charged with ensuring patient safety and demonstrating that everything done for patients in their care meets the highest quailty and safety standards. This book offers practical guidance on understanding, creating, and implementing quality management programs in radiology.
Radiographic image production and manipulation
Handbook of mammography
Effect of arterial circulatory disturbance in the lower limb on the oxygen tension of subcutaneous tissue of the leg : a comparative roentgenologic and amperometric study
Patients expect to receive diverse  information on radiation in connection  with a radiological examination
Journal of diagnostic radiography and imaging
Fundamentals of sectional anatomy : an imaging approach
Bontrager's handbook of radiographic positioning and techniques
Anatomy for diagnostic imaging
An atlas of interpretative radiographic anatomy of the dog and cat
The consequence of the referral to patient's dose
Computed tomography and radiography in the diagnosis and follow-up of periprosthetic osteolysis after total ankle arthroplasty
The fundamentals of radiography
Introduction to radiologic sciences and patient care
Fundamental Mathematics and Physics of Medical Imaging
Workbook for Textbook of radiographic positioning and related anatomy
Radiographic imaging & exposure
Kaplan radiography exam: with CD-ROM
Principles of radiographic imaging : an art and a science
Patient's dose optimisation in projection lumbar spine exmination with CR
Handbook of evidence-based radiation oncology
Veterinary radiology
Learning dose optimization in dental  imaging
Oral radiology : principles and interpretation
DoseAware system in dose optimization of the staff
Costs in today's radiology : ABC analysis of typical situations in the transitional period
Pocket manual for Radiographic anatomy & positioning
Skeletal radiology : the bare bones
Essentials of skeletal radiology. Vol. 2
Principles of radiographic positioning and procedures pocket guide
Harris & Harris' the radiology of emergency medicine
Endovascular and surgical revascularizations for chronic lower limb ischemia : 5- to 10-year outcome
Practical radiation protection in healthcare / edited by Colin J. Martin, David G. Sutton
ISRRT newsletter
Clinical radiology : the essentials
Merrill's atlas of radiographic positioning & procedures. Vol. 1
Radiologic technology
Radiation dose optimisation and the radiographer's role
An introduction to radiography
Digital imaging : a primer for radiographers, radiologists and health care professionals
Radiological protection of patients in diagnostic and interventional radiology, nuclear medicine and radiotherapy : proceedings of an International Conference held in Malaga, Spain, 26-30 March 2001
Radiation protection education in the use  of mobile C-arm for the nurses
Torres' patient care in imaging technology
Techniques of veterinary radiography
Scandinavian project for evidence based course in digital imaging
MRI guide for technologists : a step by step approach
Measurements and classifications in musculoskeletal radiology
Digital (r)evolution in radiology
Radiology 101 : the basics and fundamentals of imaging
Radiotherapy physics: in practice
Radiographer's role in teleradiology
Brogdon's forensic radiology
Journal of radiotherapy in practice
Optimizing for better care
Evidence-based quality assurance in  digital dental imaging : education by  e-learning
Basic radiology
Digital (r)evolution in radiology : bridging the future of health care
Atlas der Röntgenanatomie von Hund und Pferd = Atlas of radiographic anatomy of dog and horse
Radiographic anatomy of the human skeleton : a handbook for radiographers
From conventional to digital archive : the education process of the clinical staff
Introduction to radiologic technology
High resolution computed tomography of the lungs : a practical guide
Radiology updates : German-Finnish Symposium 1996
Learning radiology : recognizing the basics
Head and neck : 100 top diagnoses
Practical radiological anatomy
Radiation protection following oidine 131-therapy : (Exposures due to outpatiens or discharged inpatients)
Head phantom as a tool to optimize radiation dose and  visualize scattered radiation in orthopantomography (OPTG)
The British journal of radiology
Clinical applications of radiophotoluminescence (RPL) dosimetry in evaluation of patient radiation exposure in radiology:determination of absorbed and effective dose
Evidence based quality in digital dental imaging
Medical imaging : techniques, reflection & evaluation
Atlas der Röntgenanatomie des Hundes begründet von Horst Schebitz und Helmut Wilkens = Atlas of radiographic anatomy of the dog founded by Horst Schebitz und Helmut Wilkens
A nurse's guide to the X-ray department
Atlas der Röntgenanatomie des Pferdes = Atlas of radiographic anatomy of the horse
Radiographic image analysis
Approaches to differential diagnosis in musculoskeletal imaging
Self-assessment as a part of clinical audits in radiology. (B-534)
Carlson's veterinary radiology
Nuclear medicine imaging : a teaching file
Imaging together 2000
Evidence based clinical practice in cooperation with the staff and radiographer students
Use of radiation in operating theatres in Finland
E-learning course for effective use of DAP-meter
MRI : basic principles and applications
Dose reduction measures benefit pediatric patients
"Lippincott's Primary Care Musculoskeletal Radiology helps family practitioners, internists, nurse practitioners, and physician assistants identify and diagnose patient injuries based on the radiologic findings that are most seen in the office setting. The book emphasizes what tests to order when and shows side by side images of what is normal and what is abnormal. Each chapter follows a consistent format: Clinical Presentation, Mechanism of Injury, Patient Assessment, What to Order, Not to Be Missed, Radiographic Evaluation, Treatment, and When to Refer. An anatomical wall chart for the office is also included. A companion website includes fully searchable text, an image bank, and patient education handouts"--Provided by publisher.
The physics of radiology
Atlas of radiologic anatomy
EE-learning digital imaging and dose optimization at the Bachelors and   Masters level : results of the R&D-project
Dorland's radiology/oncology  word book : for medical transcriptionists
Prep radiography
Radiation and life
Positioning in radiography
Essentials of skeletal radiology. Vol. 1
MRI at sea
Pocket clinical guide for Radiographic image production and manipulation
Radiologic science : workbook and laboratory manual
Radiographers job description in teleradiology
Learning e-based digital imaging quality assurance
Radiologic science for technologists : physics, biology, and protection
Functional MRI
Computed tomography and magnetic resonance of the thorax
Safety culture in radiography
Left atrial appendage volume in acute stroke
Patient Safety in Undergraduate Radiography Curricula : a European Perspective
Radiographic pathology for technologist
A picture of radiography education across Europe
Quality and safety in radiology
Essentials of nuclear medicine imaging
The place of panoramic tomography in dental radiography : what radiographers should know about dentistry
Radiography : a new field among health sciences in Finland
Current radiation oncology
"Edited by a renowned musculoskeletal radiologist and an internationally recognized Emergency Radiologist, and enhanced by contributions from invited acknowledged authorities, the Fifth Edition of this comprehensive reference is unsurpassed as a source of practical information on imaging of the acutely ill and injured patient during the acute phase of their emergent admission. Ideal for both the radiologist and for all members of the emergency team, the text builds upon current applications of plain-film radiography--while adding substantial coverage of other modalities, including MPCT and MRI. The fifth edition has again strived to keep up with the changing technology in diagnostic imaging in addition to emphasizing current practice in EDs and trauma centers. New chapters on imaging of skull fractures, maxillofacial trauma, chest trauma, and the acetabulum have been added to this volume to emphasize the importance of these areas with respect to imaging techniques and changes in clinical diagnosis and practice. In addition to redefining the importance of standard radiographs, the fifth edition has incorporated high-quality multidetector computed tomographic (CT) images, 3-D reformations, and magnetic resonance imaging to provide new information with evolving clinical practice" -- Provided by publisher.
Merrill's atlas of radiographic positioning and procedures
Dosimetry of beta rays and low-energy photons for brachytherapy with sealed sources
"Brogdon's Forensic Radiology demonstrates the application of radiology in cases involving identifying remains, evaluating causes of death, and establishing evidence. This second edition features new material on the large scale investigation of war crimes and human rights abuses; recent technological changes and the role of virtual autopsies; the use of sectional imaging for dental identification; reconstruction of gunshot injuries; new techniques for portable x-ray, computerized data recording, and image analysis post-processing; as well as increased coverage of applications in non-biological materials. Case studies feature tsunamis and the London bombings"--Provided by publisher.
Handbook of diagnostic tests
CT teaching manual
Introduction to radiologic & imaging sciences & patient care
Fundamentals of emergency radiology
CT teaching manual : a systematic approach to CT reading
MRI for technologists
Tracers in diagnostic imaging : the twelfth Sigrid Jusélius symposium
Learning evidence-based digital imaging quality assurance
Diagnostic radiography : a concise practical manual
Radiography of cultural material
Radiography Reseacrh Assosiation in Finland
MRI at a glance
High-lights in radiology : proceedings of a German-Finnish symposium : september 14th, 1990, Helsinki, Finland
Manual of radiology : acute problems and essential procedures
Combining over 1200 clinical images, 300 color illustrations and concise, bulleted text, Core Radiology is a comprehensive, up-to-date resource for learning, reference and board review. The clearly-formatted design integrates the images and accompanying text, facilitating streamlined and efficient learning. All subjects covered by the American Board of Radiology Core Exam are included: * Breast imaging, including interventions and MRI * Neuroimaging, including brain, head and neck, and spine * Musculoskeletal imaging, including knee and shoulder MRI * Genitourinary imaging, including pelvic MRI * Gastrointestinal imaging, including MRI and MRCP * General, vascular, gynecological and obstetrical ultrasound * Nuclear imaging, including PET-CT and nuclear cardiology * Thoracic imaging * Cardiovascular imaging, including cardiac CT and MRI * Pediatric imaging * Interventional radiology * Radiological physics review, contrast media and reactions. Essential reading for radiology residents reviewing for boards, as well as practicing radiologists seeking a practical up-to-date guide to the field.
Optimisation of patient doses and image quality in diagnostic radiology
Breathe easy - this reference assumes no prior knowledge of radiology, making it the perfect choice for anyone just starting out in the field. Whether you're a student or resident, you'll appreciate how expert radiologist, Dr. Mettler, masterfully distills all the information you need, in precisely the right way. Gain a rich understanding of recent advances in the diagnostic imaging of abdominal, pelvic, and retroperitoneal conditions, and take advantage of this text's sharp focus on the most common pathologic entities and rarer life-threatening conditions. Explore the radiologic evaluation of headaches, hypertension, low back pain, and other challenging conditions. Approach imaging with confidence through the help of Dr. Mettler's straightforward, digestible, and enjoyable style. He makes it simple to learn the radiology basics by breaking down chapters into bodily regions or systems, equipping you with easily referenced and useful information. Take the mystery out of interpreting any image by viewing over 500 outstanding pictures. Images of disease entities are shown alongside normal ones, offering you an ideal frame of reference for accurate interpretation. Understand and apply the latest diagnostic imaging techniques with a completely updated text that mirrors today's most recent advances.
Fundamentals of musculoskeletal ultrasound
Tuning learning outcomes and competencies for radiography courses in Europe. (B-533)
Foot and ankle radiology
Radiography today
Getting started in clinical radiology : from image to diagnosis
Basic medical techniques and patient care in imaging technology
Gamma camera emission tomography : development and properties of a multi-sectional emission computed tomography system
Merrill's pocket guide to radiography
Clinical radiology of the horse
