http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6417 becoming disabled
becoming disabled
Left neglected
Educating drug exposed children : the aftermath of the crack-baby crisis
Me before you
Peaceful warrior : the graphic novel
Sports personal injury : law & practice
Lover unleashed
Life after injury : [a rehabilitation manual for the injured and their helpers]
"They had nothing in common until love gave them everything to lose   Louisa Clark is an ordinary girl living an exceedingly ordinary life--steady boyfriend, close family--who has never been farther afield than their tiny village. She takes a badly needed job working for ex-Master of the Universe Will Traynor, who is wheelchair bound after a motorcycle accident. Will has always lived a huge life--big deals, extreme sports, worldwide travel--and now he's pretty sure he cannot live the way he is.  Will is acerbic, moody, bossy--but Lou refuses to treat him with kid gloves, and soon his happiness means more to her than she expected. When she learns that Will has shocking plans of his own, she sets out to show him that life is still worth living.  A Love Story for this generation, Me Before You brings to life  two people who couldn't have less in common--a heartbreakingly romantic novel that asks, What do you do when making the person you love happy also means breaking your own heart?   "--
Disability and psychology : critical introductions and reflections
Trauma patients are a significant patient group for emergency medical services (EMS). Not only are injuries a significant cause of death, they also have a significant long-term impact on functionality and quality of life.Previous studies have shown that the injury-related mortality rate is higher in sparsely populated areas and that the majority of patients die before the arrival of EMS. Intensive care mortality is significant, and half of seriously injured patients develop multiple organ dysfunction. Airway management is one of the most important procedures that EMS provide for a critically injured patient, but making high-quality care available in a sparsely populated area is challenging. Seriously injured patients also appear to benefit from being transported directly to a trauma centre.In recent years particular attention has been given to the level and availability of EMS. Hospitals' readiness to provide acute surgery is also being reorganised. More information is needed about the frequency, circumstances, outcome and acute care of serious and fatal injuries so that health care resources can be allotted appropriately and requirements for prevention can be identified.The purpose of this research was to investigate the frequency and circumstances of injury-related deaths in Northern Finland and the prognosis of trauma patients encountered by the Finnish helicopter emergency services (FinnHEMS). A particular objective was to examine differences between rural and urban areas. The National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) severity score's ability to predict 30-day mortality was also examined. The fourth part of the study aimed to investigate the pre-hospital airway management performed by non-physicians in Northern Finland.The study material was comprised of trauma deaths that occurred in Northern Finland in 2007–2011, trauma patients encountered by FinnHEMSunits in Northern Finland in 2012–2013, patients encountered by HEMS in Northern Norway in 1999–2009 and a questionnaire regarding pre-hospital airway management to non-physicians.The study concluded that the rate of trauma deaths is high in Northern Finland, and the influence of alcohol was found in nearly half of pre-hospital trauma death cases. A larger portion of pre-hospital deaths also took place in rural areas. Trauma patients encountered by FinnHEMS units in urban areas who survived to hospital, appeared to have higher 30-day mortality than patients injured in rural areas. The most probable explanation for this difference is that patients injured in urban areas survive to hospital, while trauma patients in rural areas die pre-hospital.The NACA score was found to reliably predict 30-day mortality. Due to its simplicity, the NACA score can be used to compare patient material from different HEMS bases.It was found that non-physicians seldom performed airway management. On average, the frequency of performing airway management was low, and there is a need to improve maintenance of skills.
The world health report 2002 : reducing risks, promoting healthy life
On the edge  : my story
The fourth hand
Football traumatology : current concepts : from prevention to treatment
Slow man
The price of love
Automotive vehicle safety
The scientific basis of injury prevention and control
Duma Key : a novel
Everyday life and home modification for older adults : impacts, concepts and instrument development
Slow Man
Rehabilitation of the severely disabled. 1, Evaluation of a disabled living unit
You changed my life : a memoir
The Lazarus child
Disabled Revolutionary War veterans and the construction of disability in the early United States, c. 1776-1840
Major trauma in Northern Finland
Disability in old age : final report, conclusions and recommendations
Peaceful warrior : there are no ordinary moments
The psychosocial impact of career-ending injuries in elite rugby union players : a qualitative study
Abstract: Paramedics' encounters in treatment of accidentally injured youngsters.
The night sky in my head
A second wind
Rules of civility : a novel
"Promotes client-centered care, encouraging practitioners to match clients' motor capabilities, goals, and interests to specific, challenging tasks. Comprehensive and practical, this manual guides allied health practitioners in every aspect of task-specific training"--P. [4] of cover.
Upper-extremity task-specific training after stroke or disability : a manual for occupational therapy and physical therapy
Bloodflower
After a shark attack causes the amputation of her right arm, fifteen-year-old Jane, an aspiring artist, struggles to come to terms with her loss and the changes it imposes on her day-to-day life and her plans for the future.
Me Before You
Sports injury prevention and rehabilitation : integrating medicine and science for performance solutions
Rules of civility
