http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6418 disability (biological qualities)
disability (biological qualities)
Diagnosing folklore : perspectives on disability, health, and trauma
Use of art based methods in nursing for intellectually disabled children
Medical and psychosocial aspects of chronic illness and disability
Childhood disability and social integration in the Middle Ages : constructions of impairments in thirteenth- and fourteenth-century canonization processes
Beyond double stigma : a multimodal discourse analysis of disability and femininity in the World Wide Web
Disability : controversial debates and psychosocial perspectives
Research into the needs of people with disabilities in Tanzania : what is being done today and what cuold be done tomorrow
Disability and society : emerging issues and insights
A scoping review on interventions to promote physical activity among adults with disabilities
Four hundred years in the future, the Earth has turned primitive following a nuclear fire that has laid waste to civilization and nature. Though the radiation fall-out has ended, for some unknowable reason every person is born with a twin. Of each pair, one is an Alpha, physically perfect in every way, and the other an Omega, burdened with deformity, small or large. With the Council ruling an apartheid-like society, Omegas are branded and ostracized while the Alphas have gathered the world's sparse resources for themselves. Though proclaiming their superiority, for all their effort Alphas cannot escape one harsh fact: whenever one twin dies, so does the other.
Brothers and sisters : a special part of exceptional families
¡Me gusta la fiesta! : implementing a Mexican theme event for the residents of Kokkolan Hoitokoti
Attitude of student nurses` toward people with disabilities
Ensitiedon antaminen : irlantilainen suositus = Informing families of their child ́s disabilities : national best practice guidelines
Authorship in facilitated communication   an analysis of 11 cases
The role of music therapy in the treatment of people with intellectual disabilities suffering from mental health issues
Developing recreational skills in persons with learning disabilities
Down syndrome, health and disability:a population-based case record and follow-up study
Psychology of disability
Meeting the needs of children with disabilities : families and professionals facing the challenge together
The disabled state
Mind and body spaces : geographies of illness, impairment and disability
Intellectual and developmental disabilities
Guide to the evaluation of functional ability : how to request, interpret, and apply functional capacity evaluations
Downside of the human rights-based approach to disability in development
Disability and history
The fire sermon
Staring : how we look
Living in the state of stuck : how technologies affect the lives of people with disabilities
The cinema of isolation : a history of physical disability in the movies
Journal of intellectual and developmental disability
The mouseproof kitchen
Deaf people in the community : health and disability
Rehabilitation interventions
Client participation in medical rehabilitation for adults with severe disabilities / Aila Järvikoski, Jouni Puumalainen & Kristiina Härkäpää
Parenting and disability : disabled parents' experiences of raising children
Meaning of a disability : the lived experience of paralysis
Freak shows and the modern American imagination : constructing the damaged body from Willa Cather to Truman Capote
Psychology for social work : a comprehensive guide to human growth and development
The minority body : a theory of disability
Handicap: a parent's guide to helping your child
How to romance a rake
Intellectual disability in the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986
Peering behind the curtain : disability, illness, and the extraordinary body in contemporary theater
Meeting a Profoundly Disabled Person in Nursing : Teaching Material for Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Christy Brown : the life that inspired My left foot
Social work with disabled people
Integrated lifecycle services for persons with disabilities : a theoretical and empirical perspective
Earth star
The exceptional individual : psychological and educational aspects
The book provides an accessible introduction to many of the current theoretical perspectives on disability; enabling readers to challenge the taken-for-granted nature of traditional knowledge and assumptions within the rehabilitation, health and community care industries, and encouraging a more critical approach both to the nature of rehabilitation following injury or illness and to the 'problem' of physical difference and disability. Through its interrogation and exploration of new theoretical perspectives on disability and rehabilitation, this book provides a unique text for students and practitioners of nursing, occupational therapy, physiotherapy and social work and for educators and researchers in these fields. Although rehabilitation practitioners claim to aspire to client-centred practice and advocate participatory modes of research, rehabilitation theory remains curiously estranged both from theoretical perspectives developed by disabled/disability theorists and from critical perspectives on 'disability' that are emerging from other academic disciplines. Thus, immune from alternate views, rehabilitation practitioners fail to question the premise that their professional assumptions are correct or 'right'. Contemporary theorists raise important questions, for example, about professional power, concepts of normality, independence and the physical body - issues central to rehabilitation - as well as to the role of the cultural environment in producing prejudice, the role of the social environment in creating disadvantage; and to issues of power and privilege and of the systemic oppression of disabled people. This book provides an introduction to the expanding body of critical work on disability by theorists from a range of perspectives, illustrating ways in which their theories and insights contest or support assumptions within rehabilitation theory. The book argues for a cross-fertilisation of ideas and challenges hierarchies of power in which nurses and therapists privilege their own assumptions, perspectives and knowledge, while overlooking or ignoring the perspectives both of disabled people and of other theorists.
The social model of disability : Europe and the majority world
Concepts of rehabilitation for the management of common health problems
Hubert's freaks : the rare book-dealer, the Times Square talker, and the lost photos of Diane Arbus
Equality, participation and inclusion. I. Diverse perspectives
The social psychology of disability
Rethinking disability : bodies, senses, and things
Living with a hidden handicap : a qualitative study of coping strategies in chronic epilepsy
New voices from Iceland : disability and young adulthood
Disability and psychology : critical introductions and reflections
"The book's overarching message is an important one: The experience of most people with disabilities is not what nondisabled persons anticipate--contrary to the latter's beliefs and expectations, the former can lead full and normal lives. Thus, The Social Psychology of Disability is designed to counter stereotypical or biased perspectives aimed at an often overlooked minority group." --
Parenting plan evaluations : applied research for the family court
Disabled parents : dispelling the myths
Fragments of genius : the strange feats of idiots savants
Business Modelling for ICT based services targeted to Intellectually Disabled People
Assessing students with multiple disabilities : practical guidelines for practitioners
At the end of the day : lessons learned in inclusive education
The disabled body in contemporary art
Reconciliation of work and care among lone mothers of adults with intellectual disabilities: the role and limits of care capital
Ethical analysis of the concept of disability
Sex and disability
Parents' causal attributions and adjustment to their child's disability
Studying disability : multiple theories and responses
Aesthetic nervousness : disability and the crisis of representation
Beauty is the beast : appearance-impaired children in America
International measurement of disability : purpose, method and application : the work of the Washington Group
Roughly 54 million people with disabilities live in the U.S., and there are many more millions of people with disabilities around the world. Not surprisingly, differences among people with disabilities are often as notable as differences between people with and without disabilities. And, while the lack of homogeneity among people with disabilities makes creating a valid taxonomy under this term difficult if not impossible, there is commonality among people with disabilities that justifies an authoritative resource on positive psychology and disability; that is, they have experienced discrimination and marginalization as a function of their disability. This volume assembles chapters by leading scholars in disability and positive psychology to provide a comprehensive synthesis of the state of the field. Chapters are organized into thematic sections, beginning with an introductory section on overarching themes in positive psychology and disability. The second section highlights the application of positive psychological constructs to disability. These constructs includes quality of life, self-determination, adaptive behavior, optimism, hope, problem solving, forgiveness, gratitude, and spirituality. The following section addresses systemic issues in disability that impact on positive psychology, again turning to disciplines beyond psychology (special education, rehabilitation sciences, and family and disability policy) to address areas in which positive psychology can be applied. A fourth section examines positive psychology in populations with specific disabilities, including physical disabilities, cognitive and developmental disabilities, severe multiple disabilities, emotional and behavioral disabilities, and autism spectrum disorders. Disability has always been associated with "differentness" and, consequently, people with disabilities have throughout time been treated as such. As the first handbook to consider disa
Bodies of difference : experiences of disability and institutional advocacy in the making of modern China
Coping with chronic illness and disability : theoretical, empirical, and clinical aspects
Encyclopedia of disability
Disability, politics & the struggle for change
Deviance, difference and human variety : the moral significance of disability in modern bioethics
David Boonin presents a new account of the non-identity problem: a puzzle about our obligations to people who do not yet exist. Our actions sometimes have an effect not only on the quality of life that people will enjoy in the future, but on which particular people will exist in the future to enjoy it. In cases where this is so, the combination of certain assumptions that most people seem to accept can yield conclusions that most people seem to reject. The non-identity problem has important implications both for ethical theory and for a number of topics in applied ethics, including controversial issues in bioethics, environmental ethics and disability ethics. It has been the subject of a great deal of discussion for nearly four decades, but this is the first book-length study devoted exclusively to its examination. Boonin begins by explaining what the problem is, why the problem matters, and what criteria a solution to the problem must satisfy in order to count as a successful one. He then provides a critical survey of the solutions to the problem that have thus far been proposed in the sizeable literature that the problem has generated and concludes by developing and defending an unorthodox alternative solution, one that differs fundamentally from virtually every other available approach.- Publisher description.
What are the experiences of children and young people? How can we think about the challenges they face? What systems and practices can support them? How can we develop greater equality, participation and inclusion across diverse settings? This second edition of "Equality, Participation and Inclusion 1: Diverse Perspectives" is the first of two Readers aimed at people with an interest in issues of equality, participation and inclusion for children and young people. This first Reader focuses in particular on the diverse perspectives held by different practitioners and stakeholders. Comprising readings taken from the latest research in journal articles, newly commissioned chapters, as well as several chapters from the first edition that retain particular relevance, this fully updated second edition has broadened its focus to consider a greater diversity of perspectives. Whilst exploring how we think about the experiences of children and young people across a range of contexts it maintains a subtle, underlying emphasis upon education and the experiences of disabled people. Drawing on the writing of academics, practitioners, children and young people, and people who have experienced exclusion, this book is a rich resource for students and practitioners who are interested in thinking about how inequality and exclusion are experienced, and how they can be challenged. Much of the material reflects on lived experiences and life stories, and will be of particular interest to those working in education, health, youth and community work, youth justice and social services, as well as to families and advocates.
Lark and Termite
Towards enabling geographies : 'disabled' bodies and minds in society and space
Flourishing : health, disease, and bioethics in theological perspective
Physical fitness and its testing in adults with intellectual disability
The stigma of disease and disability : understanding causes and overcoming injustices
The curious incident of the dog in the night-time
Picturing disability : beggar, freak, citizen, and other photographic rhetoric
The broken cord
Spaces of wellbeing : what is so special about special needs art studios?
This collection presents 14 essays by renowned scholars on Deaf people, Deafhood, Deaf histories, and Deaf identity, but from different points of view on the Deaf/Disability compass. Editors Susan Burch and Alison Kafer have divided these works around three themes. The first, Identities and Locations, explores Deaf identity in different contexts. Topics range from a history of activism shaped by the ableism of Deaf elites in the United States from 18801920, to a discussion of the roles that economics, location, race, and culture play in the experiences of a Deaf woman from northern Nigeria now living in Washington, D.C. Alliances and Activism showcases activism organized across differences. Studies include a feminist analysis of how deaf and hearing women working together share responsibility, and an examination of how intra-cultural variations in New York City and Quebec affect deaf-focus HIV/AIDS programs. The third theme, Boundaries and Overlaps, explicitly addresses the relationships between Deaf Studies and Disability Studies. Interviews with scholars from both disciplines help define these relationships. Another contributor calls for hearing/not-deaf people with disabilities to support their Deaf peers in gaining langue access to the United Nations. Deaf and Disability Studies: Interdisciplinary Perspectives reveals that different questions often lead to contrary conclusions among their authors, who still recognize that they all have a stake in this partnership.
Disability, deformity, and disease in the Grimms' fairy tales
Invalid women : figuring feminine illness in American fiction and culture, 1840-1940
Neurotribes : the legacy of autism and how to think smarter about people who think differently
The policies of inclusion : perspectives to disability policy in connection with changing welfare policy
Deaf and disability studies : interdisciplinary perspectives
On the margins of a minority : leprosy, madness, and disability among the Jews of Medieval Europe
Difference and disability in the medieval Islamic world : blighted bodies
Live and let die? : disability in bioethics
Encyclopedia of American disability history
Activity analysis, creativity and playfulness in pediatric occupational therapy : making play just right
Journal of applied research in intellectual disabilities
Disability histories
The problem body : projecting disability on film
Disability, public space performance and spectatorship : unconscious performers
Recreational therapy handbook of practice : ICF-based diagnosis and treatment
Disability and discource analysis
Motherhood and disability : children and choices
The politics of disablement : a sociological approach
Ageing with disability : a lifecourse perspective
Attitudes toward disability and the role of community based rehabilitation programs in Ethiopia
The state of the world's children 2013 : children with disabilities
Diversity and the recreation profession : organizational perspectives
Understanding disability : a guide for health professionals
Children with disabilities
"Diagnosing Folklore provides an inclusive forum for an expansive conversation on the sensitive, raw, and powerful processes that shape and imbue meaning in the lives of individuals and communities beleaguered by medical stigmatization, conflicting public perceptions, and contextual constraints. This volume aims to showcase current ideas and debates, as well as promote the larger study of disability, health, and trauma within folkloristics, helping bridge the gaps between the folklore discipline and disability studies. This book consists of three sections, each dedicated to key issues in disability, health, and trauma. It explores the confluence of disability, ethnography, and the stigmatized vernacular through communicative competence, esoteric and exoteric groups in the Special Olympics, and the role of family in stigmatized communities. Then, it considers knowledge, belief, and treatment in regional and ethnic communities with case studies from the Latino/a community in Los Angeles, Javanese Indonesia, and Middle America. Lastly, the volume looks to the performance of mental illness, stigma, and trauma through contemporary legends about mental illness, vlogs on bipolar disorder, medical fetishism, and veteran's stories"--
This book gives a theologically satisfying discussion of health and disease that addresses key areas neglected by medical ethicists. We use such words as "health," "disease," and "illness" all the time without stopping to consider exactly what we understand by them. Yet their meanings are far from straightforward, and disagreements over them have important practical consequences in health care and bioethics. In this book, Neil Messer develops a distinctive and innovative theological account of these concepts. He engages in earnest with debates in the philosophy of medicine and disability studies and draws on a wide array of theological resources including Barth, Bonhoeffer, Aquinas, and recent disability theologies. By enabling us to understand health in the wider perspective of the flourishing and ultimate destiny of human beings, Messer's Flourishing sheds new light on a range of practical bioethical issues and dilemmas. Review: Celia Deane-Drummond--University of Notre Dame"In this lively and informative book Neil Messer demonstrates his intellectual alacrity by engaging in a careful and thoughtful way with some of the most pressing issues facing those in the health caring professions. . . . His achievement is to produce a critical framework for thinking through difficult and highly charged bioethical problems and illustrating this by close attention to particular examples, drawn from particular medical cases and disability studies. . . . Flourishing deserves to be widely read, not just by specialists in theological bioethics, but also by health practitioners and other health professionals."Robert Song--Durham University" Perplexity over the nature of health, disease, and illness lies behind many of the most intractable debates in contemporary medicine. In this attractive and consistently well-judged exploration of the nature of human flourishing, Neil Messer draws from Barth and Aquinas to give a decisively theological account which nevertheless richly integrates a range of philosophical and scientific insights. It is an impressive work, and will be an invaluable reference-point for future work in theological bioethics."Stephen J. Pope--Boston College" Neil Messer's Flourishing offers an informed, balanced, and thoughtful theological approach to health, disease, and disability. It offers a fair-minded and nuanced analysis that will interest experts in health care ethics. His constructive proposal is based on a carefully worked out version of teleological Barthian Thomism' that combines speculative creativity with practical compassion."
Disability, difference, discrimination : perspectives on justice in bioethics and public policy
Respite care : support for persons with developmental disabilities and their families
Disability rights and wrongs
Exile and pride : disability, queerness and liberation
Feminism and disability
The Bible, disability, and the church : a new vision of the people of God
Adaptation and autonomy : adaptive preferences in enhancing and ending life
Rehabilitation of the physically disabled adult
Creating customized employment opportunities for individuals with disabilities : videos, audio interview, fact sheed
Aging with a disability
Purpose, process and future direction of disability research
Visibly different : coping with disfigurement
Physiotherapy : a psychosocial approach
Blessed or damned, but never wholly human : representation of disabled characters in an American popular film
Disability, society, and the individual
Handbook of Vocational Rehabilitation and Disability Evaluation : Application and Implementation of the ICF
Elizabeth Barnes argues compellingly that disability is primarily a social phenomenon- a way of being a minority, a way of facing social oppression, but not a way of being inherently or intrinsically worse off. This is how disability is understood in the Disability Rights and Disability Pride movements; but there is a massive disconnect with the way disability is typically viewed within analytic philosophy. The idea that disability is not inherently bad or sub-optimal is one that many philosophers treat with open skepticism, and sometimes even with scorn. The goal of this book is to articulate and defend a version of the view of disability that is common in the Disability Rights movement.
ASSETS '98 : the Third Annual ACM Conference on Assistive Technologies, April 15-17, 1998, Marina del Rey Hotel, Marina del Rey, California
Education, disability and social policy
ASSETS 2000 : the Fourth International ACM Conference  on Assistive Technologies, November 13-15, 2000, Hilton Arlington & Towers, Arlington, Virginia
The Oxford handbook of positive psychology and disability
The measurement of attitudes toward disabled persons
The boy from baby house 10 : how one child escaped the nightmare of a Russian orphanage
Designing inclusive futures
Disability in the 18th Century
Rethinking disability representation in museums and galleries
A history of disability
Perspectives on disability & rehabilitation : contesting assumptions; challenging practice
An introduction to children with special educational needs
Exploring disability : a sociological introduction
Understanding disability : inclusion, access, diversity, and civil rights
Cass is a rare Omega, one burdened with psychic foresight. While her twin, Zach, gains power on the Alpha Council, she dares to dream the most dangerous dream of all: equality. For daring to envision a world in which Alphas and Omegas live side-by-side as equals, both the Council and the Resistance have her in their sights.
Quality of life for handicapped people
On blindness : letters between Bryan Magee and Martin Milligan
¡Me gusta la fiesta! : implementing a Mexican theme party for the residents of Kokkolan Hoitokoti
Disability and the Internet : confronting a digital divide
The Ugly Laws : disability in public
Assistive technologies : principles and practice
Coming into the light  : Finnish Disabled People Speak Up
The non-identity problem and the ethics of future people
Young Miles
Aging, disability, and independence : selected papers from the 4th International Conference on Aging, Disability and Independence (2008)
¡Me gusta la fiesta! : implementing a Mexican theme day for the residents of Kokkolan Hoitokoti
The difference that disability makes
The map of bones
Nothing about us without us : disability oppression and empowerment
The physically handicapped : an annotated bibliography of empirical research studies, 1970-1979
Special siblings : growing up with someone with a disability
Body, remember : a memoir
Something's wrong with my child! : a straightforward presentation to help professionals and parents to better understand themselves in dealing with the emotionally-charged subject of disabled children
A strong basis for inclusion and equality : Finland's disability policy programme Vampo 2010-2015
ASSETS '96 : the Second Annual ACM Conference on Assistive Technologies, April 11-12, 1996, Waterfront Centre Hotel, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
The psychology of disability
Disability and archaeology
Mental handicap : social science perspectives
Childcraft. 3, About animals
Genetics, disability and deafness
Sociologies of disability and illness : contested ideas in disability studies and medical sociology
