http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6412 broilers
broilers
A bird in the hand : chicken recipes for every day and every mood
Leuconostoc gasicomitatum is the dominating lactic acid bacterium in retail modified-atmosphere-packaged marinated broiler meat strips on sell-by-day
Microbiological ecology of marinated meat products
Direct energy consumption and CO2 emissions in a Finnish broiler house - a case study
Commercial chicken meat and egg production
Abstract.
Effects of supplemental microbial phytase on performance of broiler chickens
Campylobacter is a leading cause of enteric infections in many countries. The principal reservoir of pathogenic Campylobacter spp. is the alimentary tract of wild and domesticated mammals and birds. FAO and WHO have undertaken a risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens. An interpretative summary of that work is described in this volume. This assessment compared the risk for a variety of scenarios and mitigation measures for control of the organism in a range of broiler chicken products. This volume contains information that is useful to both risk assessors and risk managers, governments and food regulatory agencies, industry and other people or institutions with an interest in Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens, the public health impact and the use of risk assessment in the evaluation and selection of potential control strategies--Publisher's description.
Lactic acid bacteria in marinades used for modified atmosphere packaged broiler chicken meat products
Recent advances in animal nutrition : 2003
Characterization of Campylobacter jejuni strains from different hosts and modelling the survival of C. jejuni in chicken meat and in water
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
Measuring and auditing broiler welfare
Risk assessments of Salmonella in eggs and broiler chickens : interpretative summary
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) with enzyme addition in diets for broilers
Re-defining mineral nutrition
Economic impacts of the Finnish salmonella control programme for broilers
Good practices in planning and management of integrated commercial poultry production in South Asia
Direct energy (electricity and heating) consumption was measured from one broiler house in southern Finland. CO2 emissions were also calculated. Six broiler flocks were reared per year with an average of 26 000 birds per flock. Heating constituted the major energy input, averaging 1.3 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. It varied greatly between seasons and was highest during the cold period. Using renewable energy for heating remarkably reduces CO2 emissions compared to fossil energy. Electricity consumption averaged 0.08 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. The greatest energy saving potential can be found in heating. CO2 emissions can be lowered to similar levels as in warmer countries by using biofuels for heating. Ventilation control is one possibility for direct energy savings in broiler production. Feed production is one of the key elements when total energy consumption is considered.
Properties of intramuscular connective tissue in pork and poultry with reference to weakening of structure
Broilers production and management
The wooden breast condition in broilers : proneness to lipid oxidation
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens and Vibrio spp. in seafood : report of a Joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation, Bangkok, Thailand, 5-9 August 2002.
Assessment protocol for poultry
The behavioural biology of chickens
Genotype x environment interaction for growth-related traits in meat-type chickens
Role of broiler carcasses and processing plant air in contamination of modified-atmosphere-packaged broiler products with psychrotrophic lactic acid bacteria
Enterococcus species dominating in fresh modified-atmosphere-packaged, marinated broiler legs are overgrown by Carnobacterium and Lactobacillus species during storage at 6 °C
Salmonella and Campylobacter in chicken meat : meeting report
The aim was to study the effects of dietary pea inclusion and the addition of Avizyme 1200 -enzyme cocktail on broiler performance, intestinal viscosity and organoleptic quality of meat. The experimental design was a 4 × 2 factorial, the factors being dietary pea inclusion (0, 150, 300 and 450 g kg-1) in the diets fed from day 9 to day 38 and the addition of Avizyme 1200 enzyme cocktail including amylase, protease and xylanase during the entire experiment. The growth of birds improved (p ≤ 0.018) with pea inclusion in a cubic manner. Feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the birds fed on unsupplemented diets improved along pea inclusion, while pea inclusion impaired the FCR on the birds on enzyme cocktail supplemented diets (p ≤ 0.006). The use of the enzyme cocktail improved the body weight, body weight gain and FCR of the broilers and decreased intestinal viscosity (p < 0.001). The organoleptic quality of meat was similar among treatments (p > 0.05). In conclusion, 450 g kg-1 peas can be used in the broiler grower diets without negative effects on the bird performance. The use of enzyme cocktail improves bird performance.
The effect of clinoptilolite on 137Cs binding in broiler chickens
Survival and reduction of strains of Campylobacter species in broiler meat
Antimicrobial resistance in Campylobacter jejuni isolated from broiler chickens in Estonia during periods 2002-2003 and 2005-2006
Molecular typing and source attribution of Finnish Campylobacter jejuni isolates
Effect of feeding an essential oil blend on chicken pancreatic enzyme activities
Prevention of colonization of poultry by human and poultry pathogenic Escherichia coli
Physiological and processing factors affecting broiler Musculus pectoralis shear values and tenderness
Molecular typing and source attribution of finnish campylobacter jejuni isolates
Costs of two alternative Salmonella control policies in Finnish broiler production
Effects of copper glycine chelate on liver and faecal mineral concentrations, and blood parameters in broilers
Feeding whole grain with pelleted diets to growing broiler chickens
Composition and productive value for broiler chickens of wheat, triticale and rye
Effect of sex and slaughter weight on broiler chicken carcass
The aim of the study was to determine the influence of Cu-glycine chelate on the chemical composition of the liver and blood parameters of broiler chickens. A total of 250 one-day-old Ross 308 male chicks were allotted into 5 groups with 5 replicates of 10 birds each. Rearing of birds lasted 42 days. In the experiment Cu was added to the premix in the form of CuSO4 (16 mg, 8 mg Cu), and in the form of Cu glycine chelate (16 mg, 8 mg, 4 mg Cu). The parameters in the chickens' blood remained within the range of physiological norms when lower levels of the analyzed elements were added. Adding lower levels of Cu (8 or 4 mg·kg-1) in comparison with the recommended doses (16 mg·kg-1) for broilers, in the form of highly assimilable organic sources, did not reduce the content of minerals Cu, Fe, and Zn in the chickens' liver, but reduced the faecal Fe, Cu and Zn concentrations compared to CuSO4.
Campylobacter is a leading cause of enteric infections in many countries. The principal reservoir of pathogenic Campylobacter spp. is the alimentary tract of wild and domesticated mammals and birds. Poultry meat is an important vehicle for foodborne transmission of Campylobacter spp., particularly Campylobacter jejuni. FAO and WHO have undertaken a risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens as described in this volume. This assessment compared the risk for a variety of scenarios and mitigation measures for control of the organism in a range of broiler chicken products. It also includes a review and analysis of current scientific information and a description of the risk model.--Publisher's description.
Poultry meat and egg production
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens : interpretative summary
Raising chicken and turkey broilers in Canada
Effect of two microbial phytase preparations on phosphorus utilisation in broilers fed maize-soybean meal based  diets
Streptococcus parauberis associated with modified atmosphere packaged broiler meat products and air samples from a poultry meat processing plant
Storey's guide to raising chickens : [care, feeding, facilities]
Poultry signals : a practical guide for bird focused poultry farming
Joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation on Risk Assessment of Microbiological Hazards in Foods : risk characterization of Salmonella spp. in eggs and broiler chickens and Listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat foods : FAO headquarters, Rome, 30 April-4 May 2001.
Broiler signals : a practical guide to broiler focused management
Apparent ileal digestibility of amino acids and metabolisable energy value in grains for broilers
Employment available in exchange for debt : working conditions in the Thai broiler industry
Effects of dietary rapeseed meal and peas on the performance and meat quality of broilers
Risk assessments of Salmonella in eggs and broiler chickens
Prevalence and genetic characterization of Listeria monocytogenes in retail broiler meat in Estonia
Comparative research of Finnish, Norwegian and Swedish poultry refiners' consumer package preferences
Present status and research needs of competitive exclusion and vaccination
Enterococcus hermanniensis sp. nov., from modified-atmosphere-packaged broiler meat and canine tonsils
High level of antimicrobial resistance in Campylobacter jejuni isolated from broiler chickens in Estonia in 2005 and 2006.
Pilot studies in organic broiler production : management and cross-breeds
Clonal evolution of Salmonella serovar infantis among broiler-producing companies
Prevalence of Listeria monocytogenes in broilers at the abattoir, processing plant, and retail level
Multiplex PCR assay for toxinotyping Clostridium perfringens isolates obtained from Finnish broiler chickens
Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli in Finnish poultry production
Population genetics and molecular epidemiology of Campylobacter jejuni
Commercial chicken production manual
The complete encyclopedia of chickens
Modified atmosphere-packed marinated chicken breast and rainbow trout quality as affected by package leakage
Home-grown grain legumes in poultry diets
Salmonella infections of broiler chickens in Finland : epidemiological aspects and evaluation of anti-salmonella treatments
The use of competitive exclusion in broilers to reduce the level of Salmonella contamination on the farm and at the processing plant
Commercial poultry nutrition
Fifty shades of chicken
Chicken is one of the most popular foods - comforting, casual, easy, even celebratory, it's always in the kitchen and on the table. Plundering the globe, there is no shortage of brilliant ways to cook it, whether you need a quick supper after work, something for a lazy summer BBQ or a feast to nourish family and friends. In 'A bird in the hand', Diana Henry offers a host of new, simple and not-so-very-well known dishes starring the bird we all love.
Effect of dietary linseed supplements on ω-3 PUFA content and on IGF-1 expression in broiler tissues
Effect of two microbial phytase preparations on phosphorus utilisation in broilers fed maize-soybean meal based diets
Evaluation of a commercial automated ELISA and PCR-method for rapid detection and identification of Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli in poultry products
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens : technical report
Relationship of breast fillet deboning time to shear force, pH, cooking loss and color in broilers stunned by high electrical current
Betaine in the nutrition of broiler chicks : absorption, methyl group metabolism, and intestinal osmoregulation
Performance, meat quality and litter quality were determined in 4000 male and female Ross 308 broilers fed on starter diet (soybean meal or rapeseed meal and peas) and grower-finisher diets based on either soybean meal (control) or substituting rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal and pea in different proportions (100/0%, 75/25% or 50/50%) for soybean meal in iso-nitrogenous basis. Performance of the birds fed with soybean meal diets was superior compared to that of the birds fed with rapeseed meal and pea based diets. Bird performance was the poorest and mortality the highest for the birds fed with the rapeseed meal grower diet. In this experiment birds did not reach performance target for the age and strain of bird. Overall, diet based solely on rapeseed meal protein is not suitable for broiler production. However, dietary rapeseed meal inclusion clearly improved fatty acid profile of breast meat. The omega-6/omega-3-ratio was 4.1, 2.4 and 2.7 for soybean meal, rapeseed meal, and rapeseed meal and peas based diets, respectively. There were no differences in sensory quality evaluation of breast meat between the treatments..
Water content of frozen and quick frozen broilers : evaluation of current methods of determination
Broilerinlihan mureuttaminen : kirjallisuusosa ; Kolmen eri mureutusmenetelmän vertailu broilerin rintalihaksen (M. pectoralis superficialis) mureuttamisessa : kokeellinen osa = Tenderization of broiler meat : litterary part ; Comparison of three methods in tenderizing broiler breast meat (M. pectoralis superficialis) : experimental part
Broiler breeder production
