http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6411 poultry
poultry
Keeping chickens : the essential guide for first-time keepers
Coccidial and clostridial infections in broiler chickens : influence of diet composition : Lotta Waldenstedt
Poultry diseases and meat hygiene : a color atlas
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of locally produced unprocessed or expander-processed coloured flowered faba bean (FB) (cv. "Kontu") seeds in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables were determined with 560 hens (Lohmann Selected Leghorn, LSL Classic) in a 40-week continued experiment. The hens were fed one of the five diets containing soybean meal as the main protein source. A diet without FB was served as a control diet. Both unprocessed and expander-processed FB was tested either in proportions of 50 g kg-1 or 100 g kg-1 in the diet. Faba bean inclusion (control vs. FB diets) had no effect on the egg production rate, egg mass production, feed consumption, or feed conversion ratio, but it decreased egg weight (p<0.05). Dietary FB inclusion tended to increase the mortality of the hens (p<0.10). Faba bean processing had no effects on egg production parameters or hen mortality. Daily egg mass production decreased and feed conversion ratio increased when FB proportion increased (from 50 to 100 g kg-1, p<0.05). Faba bean inclusion had no effects on egg exterior quality. It can be concluded that 50 g kg-1 of the FB studied (cv. "Kontu") can be used in the diets of laying hens (LSL Classic) without negative effects on production performance or livability.
The incubation book
Nutrient requirements of poultry
Effect of two microbial phytase preparations on phosphorus utilisation in broilers fed maize-soybean meal based  diets
Poultry cook book
British poultry science
Biology of nutrition in growing animals
The first Salmonella Enteritidis phage type 1 infection of a commercial layer flock in Finland
Feeding of non-ruminant livestock
Poultry meat processing
Poultry diseases
Chester the chick
Recent developments in poultry nutrition
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) with enzyme addition in diets for broilers
Roosters & hens for the appreciative eye
Meat, poultry & game
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) in laying hen diets
Foot-Pad dermatitis in broilers and turkeys : prevalence, risk factors and prevention
Avian and poultry biology reviews
Effects of copper glycine chelate on liver and faecal mineral concentrations, and blood parameters in broilers
Genetic study of reproduction traits and their relationship to production traits in white leghorn lines
British poultry standards
USDA/FSIS Microbiology laboratory guidebook. Chapter 33, Detection of antimicrobial residues in meat and poultry tissue by screen tests
Epidemiology and control of the poultry red mite, Dermanyssus gallinae
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of white-flowered semi-leafless green spring peas in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables (specific weight, Haugh unit, shell strenght) were determined with 576 hens in a 52-week feeding experiment, which comprised of three feeding phases. The hens were offered one of the four cereal and soybean meal (SBM) based experimental diets. Peas were tested in proportions of 0, 100, 200 or 300 g kg-1 in the diet. Pea inclusion had no effects on production performance, feed consumption or feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the hens during the entire trial. The pea inclusion impaired FCR during the second feeding phase (p < 0.05) and increased birds' live weight in a linear manner during the second and the third feeding phases (p < 0.05). Pea inclusion had no effects on egg quality. It can be concluded that at least 300 g kg-1 of the studied peas can be used in the diets of laying hens without negative effects on production performance or egg quality.
Poultry keeping in tropical areas
The chicken health handbook : a complete guide to maximizing flock health and dealing with disease
The atlas of chick development
A guide to raising chickens : care, feeding, facilities
Use of faba beans (Vicia faba L.) in diets of laying hens
Poultry practice
Costs of two alternative Salmonella control policies in Finnish broiler production
Welfare quality : assessment protocol for poultry
Biosecurity for highly pathogenic avian influenza : issues and options
Direct energy (electricity and heating) consumption was measured from one broiler house in southern Finland. CO2 emissions were also calculated. Six broiler flocks were reared per year with an average of 26 000 birds per flock. Heating constituted the major energy input, averaging 1.3 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. It varied greatly between seasons and was highest during the cold period. Using renewable energy for heating remarkably reduces CO2 emissions compared to fossil energy. Electricity consumption averaged 0.08 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. The greatest energy saving potential can be found in heating. CO2 emissions can be lowered to similar levels as in warmer countries by using biofuels for heating. Ventilation control is one possibility for direct energy savings in broiler production. Feed production is one of the key elements when total energy consumption is considered.
Gut efficiency : the key ingredient in pig and poultry production : elevating animal performance and health
Poultry
The nutrient requirements of farm livestock. 1, Poultry : summary of recommendations
ABC of poultry raising : a complete guide for the beginner or expert
Poultry diseases : short notes containing strategic information for veterinary students
Barnyard in your backyard : a beginner's guide to raising chickens, ducks, geese, rabbits, goats, sheep, and cattle
The field guide to chickens
Land transport of poultry : Model code of practice for the welfare of animals
Cannibalism in laying hens : characteristics of individual hens and effects of perches during rearing
The global strategy for prevention and control of H5N1 highly pathogenic avian influenza : March 2007
Avian anatomy : integument. Part 1
Ducks, geese and turkeys for anyone
Present status and research needs of competitive exclusion and vaccination
Chicken & other birds : from the perfect roast chicken to Asian-style duck breasts
The aim was to study the effects of dietary pea inclusion and the addition of Avizyme 1200 -enzyme cocktail on broiler performance, intestinal viscosity and organoleptic quality of meat. The experimental design was a 4 × 2 factorial, the factors being dietary pea inclusion (0, 150, 300 and 450 g kg-1) in the diets fed from day 9 to day 38 and the addition of Avizyme 1200 enzyme cocktail including amylase, protease and xylanase during the entire experiment. The growth of birds improved (p ≤ 0.018) with pea inclusion in a cubic manner. Feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the birds fed on unsupplemented diets improved along pea inclusion, while pea inclusion impaired the FCR on the birds on enzyme cocktail supplemented diets (p ≤ 0.006). The use of the enzyme cocktail improved the body weight, body weight gain and FCR of the broilers and decreased intestinal viscosity (p < 0.001). The organoleptic quality of meat was similar among treatments (p > 0.05). In conclusion, 450 g kg-1 peas can be used in the broiler grower diets without negative effects on the bird performance. The use of enzyme cocktail improves bird performance.
Avian anatomy : integument. Part 2
Domestic poultry : model code of practice for the welfare of animals
Poultry for profit and pleasure
Plant protein meals for livestock feeding
Management and welfare of farm animals : UFAW farm handbook
Laying hens in loose housing systems : clinical, ethological and epidemiological aspects
Turkeys : production and marketing problems
Interfacing immunity, gut health and performance
A practical guide to the feeding of organic farm animals : pigs, poultry, cattle, sheep and goats
Processing of poultry
Studies on alternative keeping systems for laying hens in Sweden at the Dept. of Animal Nutrition and Management, Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences, Uppsala. March 1988 - October 1991
Virus infections of birds
Feeds and feeding
A guide for avian disease control
Avian gut function in health and disease
Competitive exclusion of Salmonella and Campylobacter in poultry
Home poultry keeping
C.S.Th. van Gink's poultry paintings
Marguerite Patten's book of fish, meat, poultry and game : main course dishes, basic and traditional, old and new, for festive days and every day
Proceedings of the fourth European Symposium on Poultry Welfare
Charlie Trotter's meat & game
Biology of the domestic fowl : A textbook for students of zoology, agriculture and veterinary science
Blue wing disease of chickens and virus involved
Furnished cages and aviaries for laying hens : effects on production, health and use of facilities
Comparative nutrition of fowl and swine : the gastrointestinal systems
Streamlined inspection system : broiler chicken
Experiences of mortality levels in Finnish poultry population
The role of competitive exclusion in poultry management
Feeding whole grain with pelleted diets to growing broiler chickens
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens and Vibrio spp. in seafood : report of a Joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation, Bangkok, Thailand, 5-9 August 2002.
Chickens
Motivation in laying hens : studies of perching and dustbathing behaviour
Products and profit from poultry
Poultry environment problems : a guide to solutions
Farming of ostriches : model code of practice for the welfare of animals
Management systems for organic egg production : aiming to improve animal health and welfare
Nutrition of the chicken
Abuses in the Poultry Trade : a Report read at the Congress of the Societies for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals at Copenhagen 1911
Meat smoking and smokehouse design
Effects of lignosulphonates on poultry when used as a binder in compunded feed
Campylobacter is a leading cause of enteric infections in many countries. The principal reservoir of pathogenic Campylobacter spp. is the alimentary tract of wild and domesticated mammals and birds. FAO and WHO have undertaken a risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens. An interpretative summary of that work is described in this volume. This assessment compared the risk for a variety of scenarios and mitigation measures for control of the organism in a range of broiler chicken products. This volume contains information that is useful to both risk assessors and risk managers, governments and food regulatory agencies, industry and other people or institutions with an interest in Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens, the public health impact and the use of risk assessment in the evaluation and selection of potential control strategies--Publisher's description.
Poultry husbandry. Vol. 2
This book addresses the impacts of current and future reproductive technologies on our world food production andprovides a significant contribution to the importance of research in the area of reproductive physiology that has never been compiled before.It would provide a unique opportunity to separate the impacts of how reproductive technologies have affected different species and their contributions to food production.Lastly, no publication has been compiled that demonstrates the relationship between developments in reproductive management tools and food production that may be used a reference for scientists in addressing future research areas. During the past 50 years assisted reproductive technologies have been developed and refined to increase the number and quality of offspring from genetically superior farm animal livestock species. Artificial insemination (AI), estrous synchronization and fixed-time AI, semen and embryo cryopreservation, multiple ovulation and embryo transfer (MOET), in vitro fertilization, sex determination of sperm or embryos, and nuclear transfer are technologies that are used to enhance the production efficiency of livestock species.
Tumours of the fowl
Feeds & nutrition
British poultry abstracts
Use of selection to enhance comb hyaluronic acid production in White Leghorn cockerels and correlated effects on male and female characters
Welfare of the laying hen
Feather pecking in laying hens : social and developmental factors
Backyard poultry keeping
Handbook of fermented meat and poultry
Heaps of energy and vitality from emu
Broiler breeder production
Digestion capasity, nutrient digestibilities and physico-chemical conditions in the intestine influenced by the age of growing turkeys
Prevalence of campylobacters in chicken flocks during the summer of 1999 in Finland
Goose production
Storey's guide to raising poultry
A technology review : Newcastle disease with special emphasis on its effects on village chickens
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens : interpretative summary
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
Poultry as a hobby : [chickens, ducks, geese, turkeys, guinea fowl]
Poultry production systems : behavior, management and welfare
Starting with turkeys
Selection for sexual male characters in White Leghorn chickens : an evolutionary interpretation
The poultry farmer's and manager's veterinary handbook
Reproduction in poultry
Current and future reproductive technologies and world food production
Poultry : breeding and production. Vol. 1, Races and breeding of domestic poultry
Poultry meat hygiene and inspection
A handbook of poultry and game bird diseases : strategic information in note form for veterinary students and others
The aim of the study was to determine the influence of Cu-glycine chelate on the chemical composition of the liver and blood parameters of broiler chickens. A total of 250 one-day-old Ross 308 male chicks were allotted into 5 groups with 5 replicates of 10 birds each. Rearing of birds lasted 42 days. In the experiment Cu was added to the premix in the form of CuSO4 (16 mg, 8 mg Cu), and in the form of Cu glycine chelate (16 mg, 8 mg, 4 mg Cu). The parameters in the chickens' blood remained within the range of physiological norms when lower levels of the analyzed elements were added. Adding lower levels of Cu (8 or 4 mg·kg-1) in comparison with the recommended doses (16 mg·kg-1) for broilers, in the form of highly assimilable organic sources, did not reduce the content of minerals Cu, Fe, and Zn in the chickens' liver, but reduced the faecal Fe, Cu and Zn concentrations compared to CuSO4.
Cannibalims in cockerels and pheasants
Diseases of poultry
Modern livestock & poultry production
Report of proceedings
300 slow-cook classic recipes : a collection of delicious minimum-effort meals, including soups, stews, roasts, hotpots, casseroles, curries and tagines, shown in 300 photographs
Nutrition of pigs and poultry : proceedings of the University of Nottingham : Eighth Easter School in Agricultural Science, 1961
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
Precision livestock farming '09 : papers presented at the 4th European conference on precision livestock farming, Wageningen, the Netherlands, 6-8 July 2009
Vaccination : a tool for the control of avian influenza : Verona, Italy, 20-22 March, 2007 : proceedings of a joint OIE/FAO/IZSVe conference co-organised with the European Commission
Early embryology of the chick
Beak trimming handbook for egg producers : best practice for minimising cannibalism in poultry
Relationship of breast fillet deboning time to shear force, pH, cooking loss and color in broilers stunned by high electrical current
The suburban chicken : the guide to keeping healthy, thriving chickens in your backyard
Direct energy consumption and CO2 emissions in a Finnish broiler house - a case study
Natural incubation & rearing
Studies on the infectious bronchitis virus of chickens isolated in Finland, with reference to the serological survey of its ocurrence
Quail production systems : a review
Physiology of the domestic fowl
Poultry international : production, prosessing and marketing worldwide
The small-scale poultry flock : an all-natural approach to raising chickens and other fowl for home and market growers
Organic poultry production : final report to MAFF
Leanness in domestic birds : genetic, metabolic and hormonal aspects
On poultry production : Abstracts of researches
Storey's guide to raising chickens : [care, feeding, facilities]
Extraordinary chickens
Proceedings of the Fifth European Symposium on Poultry Welfare 1997
Poultry : breeding and production. Vol. 2, The lines of development
Modern livestock and poultry production
Broilers production and management
Tables of composition and nutritional values of organically produced feed materials for pigs and poultry
This paper describes in detail the current situation and state of knowledge about biosecurity in relation to H5N1 HPAI, discusses species- and sector-specific issues, proposes possible options for biosecurity in important parts of the domestic poultry and captive bird sector, stresses the importance of situating biosecurity in appropriate economic and culture settings, and makes the case for the role of communication.--Publisher's description.
Poultry houses and appliances
Poultry science
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
Poultry meat and egg production
Handbook of meat, poultry and seafood quality
The health of poultry
A comparative study of avian oviducal sperm storage with special reference to factors with regulate sperm motility
Commercial chicken production manual
Why did the chicken cross the world? : the epic saga of the bird that powers civilization
Poultry breeding and genetics
Living with chickens : everything you need to know to raise your own backyard flock
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
