http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6415 religion (phenomena)
religion (phenomena)
A Muslim punk house in Buffalo, New York, inhabited by burqa-wearing riot grrrls, mohawked Sufis, straightedge Sunnis, Shi'a skinheads, Indonesian skaters, Sudanese rude boys, gay Muslims, drunk Muslims, and feminists. Their living room hosts parties and prayers, with a hole smashed in the wall to indicate the direction of Mecca. Their life together mixes sex, dope, and religion in roughly equal amounts, expressed in devotion to an Islamo-punk subculture, 'taqwacore,' named for taqwa, an Arabic term for consciousness of the divine.
Ultimate questions : an anthology of modern Russian religious thought
'Two cultures' in the study of religion? A response to Håkan Rydving
Sexuality and spirituality
The Sociology of religion
The God delusion
Abstract.
Abstract (s. 287-292).
Dialogic space and religious education
Religion : a secular theory
Lecture at Notre-Dame : an address presented at Notre-Dame Cathedral in Paris December 4, 1977
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 32, Vedic hymns
There is a distinct possibility that, in the twenty-first century, Religious Studies as a discipline could come into its own. Its multidisciplinary orientation, if handled with due critical awareness as to its own former grandiose ambitions and present entanglements, could provide insight into the various problems that beset contemporary existence. Religious Studies has been involved in a number of internal debates that have sapped its energies and prevented it from advancing theoretically in ways that would help it address these problems. In this article I survey some of the developments that have taken place in other disciplines that could be of benefit in helping Religious Studies take its place as a discipline that is relevant for the twenty-first century.Keywords: Religious studies, cultural studies, culture, postcolonialism, gender.
A morbid taste for bones : a mediaeval whodunnit
From an examination of recent social and cultura theory and selected work on place and space by scholars of religion I draw together resources for the development of a spatial methodology for the study of religion. In order to identify the key elements of this methodology, I discuss relations between the body and space, the dimensions, properties and aspects of space, the "sacred" and sacralization. Consideration is given briefly to the application of a spatial approach, its strenths and weaknesses.
The complete illustrated history of the Aztec & Maya
In this sharp and darkly mysterious novel Lenk and his fellow adventurers must find their way through the silk-trading city of C'Jer Daal as demons and gods stalk the streets in a battle for dominion even as the thieves guilds go to war for their own petty ends.  Mixing wild magics, exciting swordplay, mystery and an irrestible, if scurrilous, sense of humour this is a hugely exciting new direction for fantasy. Full of adventure and extreme imagination it nevertheless manages to weave in a surprising subtlety and sensitivity in it's characterisation.
The concept of the body in Chinese and Indian bodily practices : transformation, perspective, and ethics
The leper of Saint Giles : the fifth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
The Impact of Religious Tourism on Nepalese Economy
Egypt, trunk of the tree. Vol. 1, The contexts
"Far-off gleams of evangelium" : a study of how J. R. R. Tolkien's The lord of the rings reflects the biblical "Kingdom of Heaven"
The Bible as drama
The Monguors of the Kansu-Tibetan border. Part II, Their religious life
During his 'world journey' of 1911-1912, Rudolf Otto came to embrace a form of German cultural colonialism which assigned the study of religions a key role. Concern for this colonial program guided his activities unitl the outbreak of World War I, when German colonial ambitions became unrealistic. Although it is difficult to argue that this colonial project had a major impact on Otto's conception of religion, it did alter his scholarly practice with regard to it, transforming him from a liberal systematic theologican into something more akin to whht we know today as a scholar of religions. For 25 years, from 1912 until his death in 1937, much of Otto's professional activity was taken up with importing religions materials from elsewhere, especially from south Asia - mostly texts but also material artefacts. This article reads Otto's colonialism and its rebirth as Religionswissenschaft against the grain of Otto's self-coneption and the coneption of others at the time. While cultural colonialism insisted upon its distance from the activities of the business classes, this article reads those activitites in mercantile terms, In doings so, it suggests that such a re-reading might be profitably applied not just to conceptions of scholarly activity but also to other areas where it has been customary to insist on distance from economic activity, specifically, the way in which scholars of religions have conceived what we usually call religion.
Intergenerational transfer of sabbath observance : how is religious tradition transferred to children among Finnish seventh-day adventists?
The druids
The image of Finland as a culturally and ethnically homogeneous nation is erroneous. The country's "old minorities" include the Swedish-speakers, the indigenous Sami, and the Romani. Several smaller ethno-cultural and religious groups have resided in Finland since the nineteenth century. Increasing immigration is now further diversifying Finland. Many of the old and new minorities have clearly-defined regional hearths, as do many distinctive segments of the majority culture. This article provides an overview of Finland's three largest minorities, religions, foodways, the new immigration, and the recent English-language sources available on these topics. The discussion emphasizes the new understanding of the country's ethno-cultural make-up and political, legal, and social challenges that have followed the recent change.
Mediatization and religion : Nordic perspectives
A comprehensible universe : the interplay of science and theology
Churches and the Victorian sports boom
Tokugawa religion : the values of pre-industrial Japan
Confronting Confucian understandings of the Christian Doctrine of Salvation : a systematic theological analysis of the basic problems in the Confucian-Christian dialogue
The opposite house
The article discusses transcendence in music in relation to popular Sufi performances in East Africa, drawing on specific cases from Zanzibar. Based on fieldwork, it examines ways in which music and movement in a structured event or performance can affect the consciousness. This phenomenon is discussed in close connection to its increasing presence in popular music festivals. The article also addresses the latent conflict between the performative Sufi orders of Islamic faith and the more conservative and increasingly silent Muslims.
Health communication : special issue : religious faith, spirituality, and health communication
Five centuries of religion. Vol. 4, The last days of medieval monachism
Religion and immigration : Migrant faiths in North America and Western Europe
What corporate responsibility research can give to business know-how : values, strategies and practices
Finland, a country of conformistic religion and secular protest of working class
Dammed divinities : the water powers at Bujagali Falls, Uganda
Neither East nor West : postcolonial essays on literature, culture and religion
Postmodernism, religion, and the future of social work
Effects of Culture on Sexual Health Education in Developing Countries : Empowering Adolescents in Nepal
Communication
The broken covenant : American civil religion in time of trial
Ten commandments in a child's everyday life: a tool for an educator to support a child's moral development
Music and transcendence: Sufi popular performances in East Africa
Recent work on religion and gender in religious studies in Finland
This article discusses Christian rock videos. Videos from a collection entitled Wow Hits 2002: the year's top Christian music videos are used as examples. The title of the collection declares that the videos are "Christian", and the question asked in the article is how this quality may be seen in the videos. How may the videos be seen as visual representations of Christianity? Using a semiotic framework, two possible types of such representations of Christianity in the videos are discussed. These are references to traditional christian imagery; and the style and appearance of the artists. .
The importance of religion : meaning and action in our strange world
Christianity and digital culture : analysis of users' experiences of the christian social networking site in Taiwan - Walei
Sound, music, and the study of religion
Let there be laughter : a treasury of great Jewish humor & what it all means
Devotional language
The authors in this volume analyze spiritual kinship in Europe from the end of the Middle Ages to the Industrial Age. Uniquely comparing Catholic, Protestant and Orthodox views and practices, the chapters look at changes in theological thought over time as well as in social customs related to spiritual kinship, including godparenthood.
This article argues that insomuch as feminism is both an analytical and politically prescriptive project, it aims not only to analyze the situation of women in different historical and cultural locations but also to transform their conditions of subjugation. Consequently, feminist scholarship tends to accord freedom a normative status, and to emphasize those instances that exemplify women's desire to be free from relations of subordination. An important consequence of this tendency in feminist scholarship is to limit the conceptualization of agency to acts that further the moral autonomy of the individual in the face of power. Through an examination of the women's piety movement in Egypt, this article argues for uncoupling the notion of agency from that of resistance as a necessary step in thinking about forms of desire and politics that do not accord with norms of secular-liberal feminism and its liberatory telos.
Host culture acceptance, religiosity, and the threat of Muslim immigration: An integrated threat analysis in Spain
City of stairs : a novel
Values in conservation : the relationship between values, religion and european society
Religion in museums: global and multidisciplinary perspectives
English abstract: Rising religions in Korea.
The religio-magical domain as a bilingual mechanism of culture : Ingrian Lutheranism in the (post) Soviet cultural space
Saint Peter's Fair : the fourth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Pathology and identity : the work of Mother Earth in Trinidad
Religion as an occupation : A study in the sociology of professions
God : a brief history with a cognitive explanation of the concept
A Religious End of Metaphysics? Heidegger, Meillassoux and the Question of Fideism
Remarks on Swedenborgian elements in the literary production of Johan Ludvig Runeberg
Cultural diversity in Finland
Religious writings
Knowledge, renewal and religion : repositioning and changing ideological and material circumstances among the Swahili on the East African coast
Ancient Egyptian religion : an interpretation
A fundamental belief in personal liberty and in the ability of free markets to realise the good lies at the heart of the neoliberal economic orthodoxy that has now shaped public policy for a generation. Confidence in orthodox economics has, however, been badly shaken by the financial crisis of 2008 and, in the years following, by the effects of the Great Recession. The era of casino banking was not only an era of de-industrialisation and under-employment, but also of iniquitous tax avoidance schemes, and of grotesquely inflated levels of social inequality. Such factors, we now realise, have reduced the life-prospects of millions of our fellow-citizens. This interdisciplinary volume of essays, with wide-ranging contributions by theologians and social scientists, explores the theological, economic, and moral implications of these developments. Its central claim is that neoliberalism's failure to appreciate the limitations of its fiduciary commitments contributed massively to the economic crisis. A more honest appraisal of the relation between the language of belief and the sphere of economic behaviour is therefore required. This must also result in appropriate policy changes, to harness the power of the economy to serve a more generous vision of the human good.
Japanese religion : unity and diversity
Essays on current account imbalances
The Taqwacores
The kingdom of God in America
The Druids : a study in Keltic prehistory
Emperors and the Divine – Rome and its Influence
The Oxford Encyclopedia of Martin Luther
Toledo guiding principles on teaching about religions and beliefs in public schools
Visual representations of Christianity in Christian music videos
Psychoanalysis and religion
International Organization for the Study of the Old Testament : 20th Congress of IOSOT : Helsinki, 1-6 August 2010
Social scientific studies of religion : a bibliography
Blooms and blessings : a secular exploration of the role of flowers in religious rituals and ceremonies
Feminist theory, agency, and the liberatory subject : some reflections on the Islamic revival in Egypt
Heretic :  why Islam needs a reformation now
The second edition of this highly popular introduction includes a new preface and each chapter has been revised to keep it as up-to-date as possible. 'Introducing Feminist Theology remains a lively and stimulating 'first read' for anyone embarking on feminist theology, as well as a first rate resource for those wishing to refresh their acquiantaince with it. Despite claims in some quarters that 'feminism' has been surpassed by 'gender' this book explains how vital a feminist agenda remains, and how much is still to be done, both at the theological and the practical level, to transform Christianity from two centuries of male-gendered discourse and ecclesiastical structure into a religion that adequately reflects the life of modern women.
Religion in ancient Egypt : gods, myths, and personal practice
Recent religious psychology : a study in the psychology of religion being a critical exposition of the methods and results of representative investigators of the psychological phenomena of religion
Back to the future : the Protestants and a united Ireland
In the image of fire : Vedic experiences of heat
During the last twenty years, the category 'grave' has been the subject of increasing debate in Swedish archaeology. It has been recognized that monuments commonly regarded as graves are sometimes also found in cultic contexts other than those associated with death and burial. In many cases, for instance, monuments similar to graves have been erected at cult sites, and seem to have been used in sacrificial practices rather than for burials. According to archaeological, textual and onomastic sources, it was common practice in Old Norse religion to suspend sacrificial victims from trees of from upraised posts, or to deposit offerings at the base of sacred rocks and boulders. In all these cases, the trees, posts and boulders seem to be representation of the World Axis, depicted in cosmological myths as a Cosmic Tree, Pillar or Mountain. I argue that these various representations of the World Axis are also incorporated in the architectonic symbolism of several forms of grave monuments in pre-Christian Scandinavia. The architectonic shape of these monuments could thus be used in several different contexts, since they represented a 'Cosmic Center' and a 'doorway' to the Other World.
The faith of William Shakespeare
William Shakespeare stills stands head and shoulders above any other author in the English language, a position that is unlikely ever to change. Yet it is often said that we know very little about him – and that applies as much to what he believed as it does to the rest of his biography. Or does it? In this authoritative new study, Graham Holderness takes us through the context of Shakespeare’s life, times of religious and political turmoil, and looks at what we do know of Shakespeare the Anglican. But then he goes beyond that, and mines the plays themselves, not just for the words of the characters, but for the concepts, themes and language which Shakespeare was himself steeped in – the language of the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer. Considering particularly such plays as Richard ll, Henry V, The Merchant of Venice, Measure for Measure, Hamlet, Othello, The Tempest and The Winter’s Tale, Holderness shows how the ideas of Catholicism come up against those of Luther and Calvin; how Christianity was woven deep into Shakespeare’s psyche, and how he brought it again and again to his art.
Faith matters : case studies from the Faiths in Action Fund
Black God : the Afroasiatic roots of the Jewish, Christian, and Muslim religions
In recent years the term "gender" has been used with many different meaning as well as in applications that are far from consistent. Is this diversity an indication that the term should be abandoned because of such imprecision, or can certain current or purposes, however illdefined, still be discerned? This paper is an investigation of contemporary usages of the term "gender" and the implications that could result for women involved in the study of religion.
From the host of NPR affiliates Forum with Michael Krasny, a compendium of Jewish jokes that packs the punches with hilarious riff after riff and also offers a window into Jewish culture.Michael Krasny has been telling Jewish jokes since his bar mitzvah, and its been said that he knows more of them than anyone on the planet. He certainly states his case in this wise, enlightening, and hilarious book that not only collects the best of Jewish humor passed down from generation to generation, but explains the cultural expressions and anxieties behind the laughs. "Whats Jewish Alzheimers?""You forget everything but the grudges." "You must be so proud. Your daughter is the President of the United States!""Yes. But her brother is a doctor!" "Isn't Jewish humor masochistic?""No. And if I hear that one more time I am going to kill myself." With his background as a scholar and public-radio host, Krasny delves deeply into the themes, topics, and form of Jewish humor: chauvinism undercut by irony and self-mockery, the fear of losing cultural identity through assimilation, the importance of vocal inflection in joke-telling, and calls to communal memory, including the use of Yiddish. Borrowing from traditional humor and such Jewish comedy legends as Jackie Mason, Mel Brooks, and Joan Rivers, Larry David, Sarah Silverman, Jerry Seinfeld and Amy Schumer, Let There Be Laughter is an absolute pleasure for the chosen and goyim alike.
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
Five centuries of religion. Vol. 2, The friars and the dead weight of tradition, 1200-1400 A.D
The rebirth of nature : the greening of science and God
Prophetic charisma : the psychology of revolutionary religious personalities
Religion and violence
The rebirth of cultural colonialism as religionswissenschaft: Rudolf Otto's Import House
"How you were left to your fate" : the responses of two sisters to the surrounding societies in Brick Lane (2003) by Monica Ali
Religion and sacral rulers in the pre-Christian North : b typologisation of religion, cultural evolution, comparison and chiefdom religion
Religion in contemporary Japan
Pagan survivals in Mohammedan civilisation
The social ecology of religion
dents of cultural memory: the crypt and its various analogies to the question of remembrance without memory.
Religion and sexuality
Northern Ireland : living with the crisis
Religion and ideology : a reader
Religionswissenschaft as colonialist discourse : the case of Rudolf Otto
Gender Caring: The Everyday Construction of Black African Parents in Finland
The Vedas : texts, language & ritual : proceedings of the Third International Vedic Workshop, Leiden 2002
Religion : the basics
The system of Vedantic thought and culture
Origin of Australian beliefs
Africa today : culture, economics, religion, security
Through camps to Great Mother : nazi camps and temple sites
The invisible hand plays dice : multiple equilibria in sects markets
The Coming of the Space Age : Famous Accounts of Man's Probing of the Universe
Belief in the past : the proceedings of the 2002 Manchester Conference on Archaeology and Religion
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done in co-operation with the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland (LEAF). The aim of the thesis was to provide a tool for Sunday school teachers and other educators to support a childʼs moral development. The moral view in the Ten Commandments in a Childʼs Everyday Life curriculum is based on the Bible and Lutheran doctrine about the Ten Commandments. As the main method the curriculum presents ten imaginative stories from the everyday lives of children, giving examples of how the Commandments could be encountered in a childʼs life. In addition, the curriculum provides paper puppets with background scenes and symbol cards to go along with the stories, as well as suggestions for the teachers for songs and crafts.   The theoretical framework of this thesis is the moral development of children. The different parts of the curriculum have been planned to teach the Ten Commandments through methods that are suitable for children under seven years old. The aim of keeping the full Lutheran Catechismal form of the Commandments set a real challenge for the curriculum targeting children of a wide age range. Therefore, the curriculum was developed even further during the process of the thesis to better meet the developmental needs of different age groups.   The product was tested in two testing rounds in several different groups: in the first round in a LEAFʼs family camp and in one Sunday school group, in the second round in two LEAFʼs Sunday school groups. Based on the feedback received from the second round of testing, the material was found to be supportive for the moral development of children. However, the whole extent of the curriculum was not tested in the second round. Therefore, the feedback cannot be fully applied to the material.   The tool also received developmental ideas that were not implemented as a part of this thesis process. However, these ideas can be used as the starting point for further development in the future. The feedback gave ideas for how the curriculum could be developed to make it even more suitable for the youngest children in the group. Ideas were also given to make the material more organized and manageable for such a short lesson time.
Babylonian and Assyrian religion
The history of religions : understanding human experience
Cognition and religious phenomena : a response to Håkan Rydving
The Continuation War as a metanoic moment : a Burkean reading of lutheran hierocratic rhetoric
Legitimizing human rights : secular and religious perspectives
Divination, politics, and ancient Near Eastern empires
The crypt : probing the obscure administration of cultural memory
Essays on religion, faith and values
Towards the breaking day : an Ethnography of belian curing rituals among the Luangans of Indonesian Borneo
Body of power, spirit of resistance : the culture and history of a South African people
Teaching religion : the secularization of religion instruction in a West German school system
Apologia pro vita sua : Being a history of his religious opinions
Belief in the past
Seeking a way out of the cage : underprivileged women and domestic violence in Bangladesh
A retrospective methodology for using Landnámabók as a source for the religious history of Iceland? : some questions
Ethnicity, Religion and Politics in Tanzania : The 2010 General Elections and Mwanza Region
The women's land rights movement, customary law and religion in Tanzania
Academic disciplines can be understood as tribes with their own territories (Becher 1989) which are protected from outsiders and invested with power and meaning for those within. The language which scholars use to delineate and distinguish them from one another is replete with spatial metaphor and the language of war and struggle. References to inside/outside, inclusion/exclusion, to boundaries, incursions, incorporation, integration and embrace are frequently made, particularly when scholars write about their own discipline in relation to others. In this article I offer a spatial analysis of discourse about the discipline of religious studies and its relationship to theology. I note the importance in such discourse of the container schema (Lakoff and Johnson 1999) for depicting possible disciplinary relationships and various perspectives on 'religion' as an object of study. A spatial approach offers a clear visual depiction of the views of selected scholars of religion on the relationship of religious studies to theology, whilst also revealing some of the power strategies at work in disciplinary construction. Keywords: Religious studies, Theology, spatial language, academic disciplines.
The grave as a doorway to the other world : architectural religious symbolism in Iron Age graves in Scandinavia
Spatial theory and method for the study of religion
Revelation and reconciliation : a window on modernity
Terrorism and religion : brazilian media’s image of religion inspired terrorism
The role of religion in marriage and family counselingIntroducing second language acquisition
Religion and dialogue : (a collection of papers and articles)
Science & religion : the impact of thought upon matter
Religion and science: an introduction
From reality to subject : a sympathetic, yet critical reading of Eliade
The encyclopedia of religion
Religious difference and democratic pluralism : some recent debates and frameworks
Method and theory in religious studies : retrospect and prognostications
The religious condition of Ireland 1770-1850
Temenos : studies in comparative religion presented by scholars in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
The ancient Egyptians : religious beliefs and practices
The Christian concept of 'God' names a category with surprisingly heterogeneous contents. In the Old Testament traditions God is an anthropomorphic agent; in Christian theology God often appears as a personalized metaphysical principle; philosophers of religion try to find the inherent rationality of this concept; finally, some natural scientists regard God as the "intelligent designer" of the world. What is common to all these ideas, covering a time span of about 2,500 years, is that representations of God are triggered by the perception of order and control in the world.
Japanese Journal of Religious Studies
Science and the Christian experiment
While until quite recently debates in political philosophy on questions of pluralism, tolerance, and liberal governance foregrounded notions of culture and cultural difference, today it is religion that increasingly provides the historical and conceptual resources for the contemporary reassessment of the pragmatic and philosophical conditions for pluralist democracy. Drawing on a few recent writings in the field of political theology, this paper explores some of the analytical directions that this repositioning of religion within contemporary narratives of modernity has opened up within political philosophy. As I seek to demonstrate, the domain of political theology has become the problem space, where the tensions and contradictions between a simultaneous insistence on Europe's secular identity and its Christian one are being elaborated. Through a ceratin double movement, secularism and Christianity have become productively fused within the writings I address, in a way that repeats the story of European exeptionality while inscribing the essential otherness of the Muslim populations within its borders. In the second part of the paper, I want to contrast these reflections from political philosophy with debates in postcolonial Egypt around issues of religion and the possibility of democratic pluralism.
Saint Paul at the movies : the apostle's dialogue with American culture
This is the first volume to take a broad survey of how museums address religion as well as religious objects, and charts a course for future research and interpretation. The book lies at the intersection of the growth of museum attendance and the increasing social and geopolitical complexity of religion. Most museums throughout the world - whether art, archaeology, anthropology or history museums - include religious objects, and an increasing number are beginning to address religion. Bringing together scholars and practitioners from North America, Europe, Russia and Australia, the volume explores the work of museums from a cultural studies perspective, as well as the contribution of museums to the rapidly increasing interest from religious studies scholars in visual and material culture. Religion in Museums is divided into six sections: museum buildings, reception, objects, collecting and research, interpretation of objects and exhibitions, and representing religion in different types of museums. Topics covered include repatriation, conservation, museum architectural design, exhibition, heritage, missionary collections, curation, collections and display, and the visitor's experience.
After remarking on some common worries that trouble the academic study of religion, the article presents an argument for an anthropocentric stance and analytic preference as the directional compass, or an intellectual alignment, in the disciplinary practices of Religious Studies. At the core of this stance is a 'reductionist' commitment to a corrigible theoretical monism, which is, however, compatible with plural analytics or methodologies. Keywords: Study of religion, theories of religion, disciplinarity .
"This volume investigates Deuteronomy's subversive intent within its social context, and reconsiders the relationship between Deuteronomy and Assyria, its relationship to ancient Near Eastern and biblical treaty and loyalty oath traditions, and the relevance of its treaty affinities to discussions of its date"--
The dominant approach to the study of religion known as the phenomenology of religion's core assumption was that underlying the multiplicity of historical and geographically dispersed religions was an ultimately metaphysical, trans-historical substratum, called 'man', Geist , or 'consciousness'. This transhistorical substratum is an expressive agent with a uniform, essential nature. By reading the data of religion as its 'expressions', it is possible to sympathetically understand their meaning. Geist , or 'man', then, is both a philosophy of history and i hermeneutical theory. It also forms a systematic set of representations, which replicate the structure of the asymmetrical relations between Europeans and those colonized by Europeans. The metanarrative of Geist is a narrative of the supremacy - their term, not mine - of white, Christian Europe over black, 'primitive' Africal and 'despotic' Asia. Spirit moves from the South to the North; away from the East to the West. This paper locates Rudolf Otto's work within the structure and history of phenomenological discourse and argues that the science of religion as described there conforms nearly perfectly to the structures of colonial discourse as this has been discussed and analyzed by theorists such as Jaques Derrida and Edward Said.
Ten Commandments in a Child's Everyday Life : A tool for an Educator to Support a Child's Moral Development
St. Nadie in winter : Zen encounters with loneliness
Spiritual kinship in Europe, 1500-1900
In many religious traditions bodily practices, that is ritual actions that make use of the body and have a body-related goal, have evolved. Such practices are especially well developed in South- and East Asian traditions, where they have reached a great complexity in Hatha Yoga or in Daoist meditation. This shows that the human body has a major role to play in religions, which is something that is too often overlooked. Several qualities are attributed to the human body in religious thought systems that may be both positive and negative and in the ritual a framework is created that enables to transform the negative qualities into positive ones – for example, in a purification ritual the unpure body or condition is converted into a pure one. Not only singular qualities may be changed in the bodily practices but the whole body. Such a transformation of the body that aims to transcend the limits of the ordinary human body, can be a religious goal in its own right. The bodily practices of self transformation are based on the idea of the body as something unstable and changeable. In the premodern religious thought the body is more than a biological entity. It is a midpoint between a person and the society and the world that finds itself in a constant process of re-construction. It follows that the identity of a person is strongly tied to the body which is in turn related to how a person acts on a daily basis and to whom one is connected to.
Mantras of the Rig Veda. by David Frawley
The book of Acts in the setting of Hellenistic history
Oxford research encyclopedias. Religion
The Nordic countries are now firmly ensconced in academia as gender-friendly welfare states. They are seen as pioneering countries with respect to changes in family life and gender relations and thus present an interesting forum for family research. This paper explores how gender caring relates to gender, religion and parenting in Sub-Saharan African families in the context of immigration to Finland. A constructionist perspective is employed to illuminate how guidelines or scripts established in these parents' cultures are actively used and how they in turn influence their gender relations. Gender caring is conceptualized as an ethic of reciprocity, solidarity and obligation to ensure interdependence and strong bonds among black African parents. The article draws on in-depth interviews conducted with twelve couples mainly in the Helsinki area (which includes Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen).
Muslim immigrants' experiences and expectations in the Finnish health care system
"The damming of Bujagali Falls, located only 8 kilometers north of the historic source of the White Nile or the outlet of Lake Victoria, has been seen as one of the most controversial dams in modern times. In 2012, the dam was eventually inaugurated after years of anti-dam opposition and delays. A unique aspect of the controversies was the river spirit Budhagaali living in the falls blocking the dam and opposing the destruction of the waterfalls. This spirits embodies a particular healer - Jaja Bujagali, but he was bypassed by another healer who conducted no less than three grandiose appeasement and relocation ceremonies for the Budhagaali spirit clearing the way for the dam. Why has this particular dam been so controversial? How can a water spirit block a nearly billion dollar dam? What was the ritual drama behind the construction of the dam and is it possible to move a spirit? And what happened to Budhagaali and the indigenous religion after the falls were flooded and can a river spirit be drowned in its own element - water?" --Provided by publisher.
Ojibwa religion and the midéwiwin
New methods in RE teaching : an experiential approach
Spirituality in social work : new directions
Religious participation is much more widespread in the United States than in Europe, while Europeans tend to view sects more suspiciously than Americans. We propose an explanation for these patterns without assuming differences in preferences or market fundamentals. We study a religious market where both demand and supply of spiritual services are endogenous. Such markets may have multiple equilibria. Further, equilibria with more sects result in higher welfare and lower membership costs, as secular societies tend to host on average more demanding sects.
Dictionary of all scriptures and myths
Religion and literature
Religion and the secondary school : a report undertaken on behalf of the Education Department of the British Council of Churches
The Druze faith
The pagan religions of the ancient British Isles : their nature and legacy
An encyclopedia of religion
Encyclopaedia of religion and ethics
Gender and religion : a volatile mixture
Introducing feminist theology
Diverse cultural and religious ways of thinking : a dialogue
Philosophy of religion
Death and Mortality - From Individual to Communal Perspectives
Religion in Ancient Egypt : gods, myths, and personal practice
Reflections on texts and practices in mythology, religion, and research : an introduction
Varieties of Javanese religion : an anthropological account
"These guidelines were developed by the ODIHR Advisory Council of Experts on Freedom of Religion or Belief in co-operation with education experts. Aimed at both legislators and schools, they offer guidance on preparing curricula for teaching about religions and beliefs, preferred procedures for assuring fairness in the development of curricula, and standards for how they could be implemented."
The science of the Vedas is the science of man
'Remembering God' through religious habits : the daily religious practices of evacuee Karelian orthodox women
Sacrifice and sacrament
The article focuses on the question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings, with particular reference to the concept Old Norse hof . I survey the semantics of this term in written sources, in poetic traditions, in the Sagas of the Icelanders and in place names. My hypothesis is that the term does not refer to a static phenomenon, but rather its meaning varies across different sources and contexts. It is therefore often difficult to apply it as a general concept, or to connect it with a specific type of archaeological find or structure, as has occasionally been the case in the archaeology of religion.
Religious aesthetics : a theological study of making and meaning
God and the financial crisis : essays on faith, economics, and politics in the wake of the Great Recession
The question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings : with particular reference to Old Norse hof
International journal of sino-western studies
Jamaica genesis : religion and the politics of moral orders
Mircea Eliade is, or at least has been, the most heavily crticised scholar of religions. A number of critics have been discontented with his 'uncritical' way of using data to illustrate or assert his insights. It has been said that Eliade's presuppositions about the nature of reality and religion are not scientific but metaphysical or theological. Eliade's sympathisers, on the other hand, have tried to show that he does after all have a method, and that a careful reading demonstrates that either his presuppositions are no more unscientific that those of anyone else or they can be rethought in a scientifically acceptable way. My starting point is both sympathetic and critical. My question is, what is Eliade actually attempting to understand when he states that he wants to understand religion at its own level? He himself states that he wants to unmask the 'revelations' of the sacred, or - as he also says - the transcendent, and their significance for modern man, who has lost his comprehension of both the sacred and its meaning. This he can do, he argues, by recapturing the way in which 'primitive' and 'archaic' cultures and ancient and modern traditions outside mainstream religions have used symbols to establish a patterned, harmonised view of the world, or - as Eliade prefers to say - reality. Both Eliade's critics and his sympathisers presumably agree that Eliade's presuppositions include statements about the 'essence' of religion, about the nature of reality, and about the ways religion operates, or should operate, in human life, or mode-of-being-in-the-world; they also agree that one of Eliade's main concern in religious studies is with symbols. In my article, I deal with these four points (essence, reality, mode-of-being and symbols), proposing a reading of Eliade which emphasises the scholar's encounter with the subject and not the 'essence' of the matter under study. In my conclusion I suggest that studying the ways in which humans use symbols, which they connect with the 'real' to construct a 'mode-of-being' - or, as William Paden put it, a 'world' - is one way of going 'beyond' Eliade.
Sumerian religious texts
Religious studies and its relationship with theology : a spatial analysis
The transcendences of listening to music : how listening to Bob Dylan moves his fans
Musiikkikasvatus = The finnish journal of music education. 2016. Nro 2 : Vol. 19
Communism's challenge to Christianity
New maps for old : explorations in science and religion
Let there be laughter : A Treasury of Great Jewish Humor and What It All Means
The mortal tally
Israel and the Assyrians : Deuteronomy, the succession treaty of Esarhaddon, and the nature of subversion
The new religion of life in everyday speech
Phases in the religion of ancient Rome
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 30, The Grihya-sûtras : rules of Vedic domestic ceremonies, Part 2
Begin with the body : corporeality religion and gender
Monk's hood : the third chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Teologien henkilöbibliografioita : valikoima 1900-luvulla ilmestynyttä kirjallisuutta = Theological author bibliographies : a selection of literature published in the twentieth century
Under the banner of heaven : a story of violent faith
Religion in Tsarist and Soviet Russia
This paper describes and discusses nine different categories of 'indicators' that can be taken into consideration when assessing the historicity of accounts in Landnámabók. This presentation is specifically targeted at references to religion and religious practices in Iceland prior to the Christianization of the country. The methodological tools can be adapted to analyse other types of information, other texts, and other traditions.
The state of muslim girls in physical activities and sport and significance of parenting in islamic perspective : (the case of Central and Southern Finland)
Finding your religion : when the faith you grew up with has lost its meaning
Vedic religion and culture : an exposition of distinct facets
Disciplinary anxieties in the study of religion
Lectures on the religion of the Semites
thors subscribed to an emblematic worldview within the Classical discourse of nature as a book, ultimately supported by a framework of logocentrism and theism. Runeberg's discussion of words and things,and his use of the metaphor of light, places him within a mainstream nineteenth-century spirituality, which may be juxtaposed, in addition to general Romantic views, also with Swedenborgian sources.
Muslim Immigrants' Experiences And Expectations in the Finnish Healthcare System
Songs of Zarathushtra : the Gathas
The religion of the Veda : the ancient religion of India : (from Rig-Veda to Upanishads)
Women and religion : critical concepts in religious studies. Volume 1, Women, gender, and religion : critical foundations
