http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6428 family camps
family camps
"Follows ten-year-old Zimbabwe native, Darling, as she escapes the closed schools and paramilitary police control of her homeland in search of opportunity and freedom with an aunt in America."
Gender, mobility and citizenship in Asia
Stones for my father
Giants : the dwarfs of Auschwitz : the extraordinary story of the lilliput troupe
Abstract: From innocence to freezy : observation of the transition stage from childhood to youth.
We need new names
What matters most in life? How do you build a happy life when terrible things happen? What is left behind when you lose the person you love the most? One night last winter, Antoine Leiris was at home looking after his son while his wife, Helene, was at a concert with friends. Suddenly he started receiving text messages asking if he was ok. Turning on the TV, Antoine watched the terrorist attacks in Paris unfolding around him and tried to call Helene. She didn't answer. That night Helene was killed, along with 88 other people, at the Bataclan Theatre. Three days later, Antoine wrote an open letter to his wife's killers on Facebook. He refused to be cowed or to let his 17-month-old son's life be defined by their acts. 'For as long as he lives, this little boy will insult you with his happiness and freedom,' he wrote. Instantly, that short post caught fire and was shared thousands of times around the world. You Will Not Have My Hate is an extraordinary and heartbreaking memoir about how Antoine, and his baby son Melvil, endured after Helene's murder. With courage, moral acuity, and absolute emotional honesty, he finds a way to answer the question, how can I go on? This is the rare and unforgettable testimony of a survivor, and a universal message of hope and resilience. This book is a guiding star for us all in perilous times.
My grandfather would have shot me : a black woman discovers her family's Nazi past
City of savages
After Auschwitz : a story of heartbreak and survival by the stepsister of Anne Frank
You will not have my hate
Camp Rock : extended rock star edition
The Invisible Ones
Eye of the red tsar
Emotional arithmetic
Eddie's tent : and how to go camping
Between shades of gray
Percy Jackson and the Sea of monsters
The lost : a search for six of six million
With dance shoes in Siberian snows
Hank Zipzer : the worlds greatest underachiever and the best worst summer ever
