http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6426 animism
animism
On murder, mourning and melancholia
The making of man : an outline of anthropology
Relatedness and alterity in Bentian human-spirit relations
Animism and the question of life
Eight theories of religion
Amazonie : le chamane et la pensée de la forêt = Amazonia : the shaman and the mind of the forest
Beyond nature and culture
Animal speak : the spiritual & magical powers of creatures great & small
"Jacobson-Tepfer explores the changing traditions of belief in pre-Bronze and Bronze Age North Asia, centering her argument on a female deity and her evolution until the early Iron Age"--Provided by publisher.
Totem and taboo : resemblances between the psychic lives of savages and neurotics
Primitive culture : researches into the development of mythology, philosophy, religion, language, art, and custom
Historical atlas of world mythology. Vol. 1, The way of the animal powers
Totem and taboo
The worship of nature
Totemism in Chinese minority ethnic groups
The world's religions : continuities and transformations
Circumpolar animism and shamanism
The elementary forms of the religious life : a study in religious sociology
The perception of the environment : essays in livelihood, dwelling and skill
An anthropology of animism and shamanism
Continuity, symbiosis,and the mind in traditional cultures of modern societies
Current approaches in the cognitive science of religion
The handbook of contemporary animism
Living with animals : a zooarchaeology of urban human-animal relationships in early modern Tornio, 1621-1800
African literature, animism and politics
Totem and taboo : some points of agreement between the mental lives of savages and neurotics
To square with genesis : causal statements and shamanic ideas in Wayãpí
The civilization of the South American Indians : with special reference to magic and religion
Animism : respecting the living world
Primitive culture : researches into the development of mythology, philosophy, religion, language, art, and custom. Volume 1
Kinship with monkeys : the Guajá foragers of eastern Amazonia
Magic and religion : their psychological nature, origin and function
In Making Things Better, A. David Napier demonstrates how anthropological description of non-Western exchange practices and beliefs can be a tonic for contemporary economic systems in which our impersonal relationship to "things" transforms the animate elements of social life into inanimate sets of commodities. Such a fundamental transformation, Napier suggests, makes us automatons in globally integrated social circuits that generate a cast of a winners and losers engaged in hostile competition for wealth and power. Our impersonal relations to "things"-and to people as well-are so ingrained in our being, we take them for granted as we sleepwalk through routine life. Like the surrealist artists of the 1920s who, through their art, poetry, films, and photography, fought a valiant battle against mind-numbing conformity, Napier provides exercises and practica designed to shock the reader from their wakeful sleep. These demonstrate powerfully the positively integrative social effects of more socially entangled, non-Western orientations to "things" and to "people." His arguments also have implications for the rights and legal status of indigenous peoples, which are drawn out in the course of the book.
The hunter, the stag, and the mother of animals : image, monument, and landscape in ancient North Asia
The civilization of the South American Indians, with special reference to magic and religion
The panic of the gods and other essays
Melamorphosis : an artistic journey through shapeshifting
Seven theories of religion
Animism is an important part of many religions - from Shinto, Hinduism and Buddhism to Paganism and a range of indigenous religions - which connects the spiritual and material and holds that humans might not be unique in possessing souls or in being intentional agents. Over recent decades, research into animism has broadened its scope to consider, at one end, the vibrant roles of objects in human lives and, at the other, the possible similarities between humans and other species. "The Handbook of Contemporary Animism" brings together an international team of scholars to examine the full range of animist worldviews and practices. The Handbook opens with an examination of recent approaches to animism. This is followed by evaluations of ethnographic, cognitive, literary, performative, and material culture approaches as well as advances in activist and indigenous thinking about animism. "The Handbook of Contemporary Animism" invites readers to think creatively and critically about the world around us and will be invaluable to students and scholars of Religion, Sociology and Anthropology.
Animism in rainforest and tundra : personhood, animals, plants and things in contemporary Amazonia and Siberia
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to technopagans
Where rivers and mountains sing : sound, music, and nomadism in Tuva and beyond
Primitive culture : researches into the development of mythology, philosophy, religion, language, art, and custom. Volume 2
Totem and taboo : some points of agreement between the mentalö lives of savages and neurotics
Inuit hunting traditions are rich in perceptions, practices and stories relating to animals and human beings. Laugrand and Oosten examine key figures such as the raven, an animal that has a central place in Inuit culture as a creator and a trickster, and qupirruit, a category consisting of insects and other small life forms.
Animism in Southeast Asia
Making things better : a workbook on ritual, cultural values, and environmental behavior
Soul hunters : hunting, animism, and personhood among the Siberian Yukaghirs
Mi'kmaq landscapes : from animism to sacred ecology
Faces in the clouds : a new theory of religion
The elders and the hills : animism and cosmological re-creation among the Q'eqchi' Maya in Chisec, Guatemala
The nature of magic : an anthropology of consciousness
Bruno Gutmann 1876-1966 : a German approach to social anthropology
The compact guide to world religions
"Animism refers to ontologies or worldviews which assign agency and personhood to human and non-human beings alike. Recent years have seen a revival of this concept in anthropology, where it is now discussed as an alternative to modern-Western naturalistic notions of human-environment relations. Based on original fieldwork, this book presents a number of case studies of animism from insular and peninsular Southeast Asia and offers a comprehensive overview of the phenomenon - its diversity and underlying commonalities and its resilience in the face of powerful forces of change. Critically engaging with the current standard notion of animism, based on hunter-gatherer and horticulturalist societies in other regions, it examines the roles of life forces, souls and spirits in local cosmologies and indigenous religion. It proposes an expansion of the concept to societies featuring mixed farming, sacrifice and hierarchy and explores the question of how non-human agents are created through acts of attention and communication, touching upon the relationship between animist ontologies, world religion, and the state"--
The collected works of Edward Burnett Tylor. Vol. 3, Primitive culture : researches into the development of mythology, philosophy, religion, art, and custom. I.
Local knowledge, global stage
The civilization of the South American Indians : with special refenrence to magic and religion
Fields of the Lord : animism, Christian minorities, and state development in Indonesia
The secret of the totem : religion and society from McLennan to Freud
Goddesses and trees, new moon and Yahweh : ancient Near Eastern art and the Hebrew Bible
Prepare for Pictopia : Haus der Kulturen der Welt, Berlin, 20 March to 3 May 2009 / editors: Lars Denicke and Peter Thaler (Pictoplasma), Bernd M. Scherer (HKW)
Boundaries of humanity : non-human others and animist ontology in Eastern Indonesia
People trees : worship of trees in Northern India
Contemporary theories of religion : a critical companion
The collected works of Edward Burnett Tylor. Vol. 4, Primitive culture : researches into the development of mythology, philosophy, religion, art, and custom. II
Shaman : the wounded healer
Animism of the Nilotics and discourses of Islamic fundamentalism in Sudan
Hunters, predators and prey : Inuit perceptions of animals
