http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6422 music dramas
music dramas
Chicago : The musical : Vocal selections
Broadway musicals : show by show
A New musical collection : Piano, vocal, chords
West Side story : vocal selections : based on a conception of Jerome Robbins
The Routledge guide to Broadway
My fair lady : Lerner & Loewe ́s musical masterpiece vocal selections
The Saint of Bleecker Street : musical drama in three acts (five scenes)
Escalator over the hill : A chronotransduction by
Lost highway
A Passion Play [remastered 2003]
The Flood ; Abraham and Isaac
Cats : easy piano picture book : songs from the musical
The Guinness who's who of stage musicals
The premiere collection : the best of Andrew Lloyd Webber
The actorś songbook : menś edition
Alfred ́s Singer's library of musical theatre : 35 songs from Broadway stage. Volume 1, Tenor
Hercules : A Musical Drama
Pro sound showtunes : sing les Misérables
Die sieben Todssünden [Äänite] = The seven deadly sins
Chicago
Porgy and Bess
The sound of music : Laulava Trappin perhe
Riverdance
My fair lady : vocal selections
Into the woods : a new musical
Act & sing. 2,: 3 mini-musicals for young learners
A chronology of American musical theater. Vol. 1, 1750-1912
Acis and Galatea : 1st version - Cannons c. 1718
Act & sing. 1, : 3 mini-musicals for young learners
A chronology of American musical theater. Vol. 2, 1912-1952
Musical theatre : a history
The Flood
Esther : (1718 version)
Showtunes
Fiddler on the roof : based on Sholom Aleichem' s stories
The Geisha : A story of a Tea house
On the art of opera : talk to creative workers in the Field of Art and Literature, September 4-6, 1974
The St. Louis blues : and other song hits of 1914
The frogs
Aida : Elton John and Tim Rice's Aida
The seven deadly sins
24 selections from shows and albums
My fair lady : A musical play in two acts based on Pygmalion by Bernard Shaw
Curlew River : A parable for church performance
Wormzzz! : a lively musical for young children
A handful of songs
Musical theatre at the court of Louis XIV
Something wonderful
The infernal comedy : confession of a serial killer : drama for one actor, two singers and orchestra
Songs of Bertolt Brecht and Hanns Eisler
Joe's garage : acts I,II & III
The Beggar's opera
The sound of music
Joe's Garage : Acts I, II & III
Alfred ́s Singer's library of musical theatre : 35 songs from the Broadway stage. Volume 1, Soprano
Titanic : a new musical
Broadway musicals : Show by show
The five songs in As you like it
Memories of Broadway
Masqued mysteries unmasked : early modern music theater and its Pyphagorian [i.e. Pythagorean] subtext
South Pacific : vocal score
City of angels
The Black rider
The wild party : piano/vocal selections
Broadway standards
Whistle down the wind
Bombay dreams
Strike up the band : a new history of musical theatre
The unknown Kurt Weill : A collection of 14 songs as sung by Teresa Stratas
The Soldier's tale : complete = Geschichte vom Soldaten = Histoire du Soldat
Broadway musicals : the 101 greatest shows of all time
Broadway : essential audition songs for female vocalists
Hamilton : the revolution
The Threepenny Opera
Hin und zurück = There and back : Sketch mit Musik, opus 45a
A chronology of American musical theater. Vol. 3, 1952-2001
The saint of Bleecker Street : opera in three acts
The divine Kura tribe : kuravanci and other prabandhams
The black rider
Joe's Garage. Act I
Current hits on Broadway
Timon of Athens
The infernal comedy : confessions of a serial killer : drama for one actor, two singers and orchestra
Zhongguo jingju yishu = The art of China's Peking opera
The Definitive Broadway collection : 120 songs
Musicals : the complete illustrated story of the world ́s most popular live entertainment
Alexis the circus boy
Chicago : the musical : vocal selections
Sunset Boulevard : the Andrew Lloyd Webber musical
Altar boyz : vocal selections
The English stage jig : musical comedies from the 16th and 17th centuries
Acis and Galatea
Kiss of the spider woman : the musical
Theatre Music
The Ultimate Broadway fake book : over 625 songs from over 195 shows : for piano, vocal, guitar, electronic keyboards and all c instruments
Theatre songs for singers : 38 songs from 38 shows
Supply & demand : songs by Brecht/Weill & Eisler
The singer's musical theatre anthology : baritoni/basso. 2 : Baritone/Bass
Hercules : Musical drama in three acts, HWV 60
Songs and dialogues
22 clever and funny songs : Piano, vocal, guitar
West side story
Rodgers & Hammerstein's South Pasific. : piano/vocal selctions
The frogs ; Evening Primrose
Alfred ́s Singer's library of musical theatre : 35 songs from the Broadway stage. Volume 1, Baritone/Bass
Thing-Fish : Original cast recording
