http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6423 appearance (looks)
appearance (looks)
100s visual ideas: formats, folds & bindings
Self-decoration in Mount Hagen
There is a saying that beauty is in the eye of the beholder, implying that beauty is subjective. Does that mean that 'better looking' people have more social power? This book provides a fascinating insight into the social stratification of people based on looks - the artificial placement of people into greater and lesser power strata based on physical appearance.The author analyses different aspects of physical appearance such as faces, breasts, eye shapes, height and weight as they are related to social power and inequality. For example tall people are often associated with power and publicly react as though tall people possess and deserve more power than shorter people. The author then assesses how people's physical appearance affects their chances of marriage and employment.The book contributes to and differentiates itself from current literature by emphasizing sociological theory - including constructionism and critical theory - and research to understand the phenomenon of social aesthetics - a term coined by the author to refer to the social reaction to physical appearance. The author argues that attractive people, like the ordinary and the unattractive, are all viewed and treated differently based on their appearance. She concludes by attempting to reveal whether society on a global and local level will come to recognize the worth of humans regardless.
Artistic web design using Adobe Dreamweaver and Photoshop : an introduction
Lessons from Madame Chic : 20 stylish secrets I learned while living in Paris
Education, disordered eating and obesity discourse : fat fabrications
Abstract.
A provocative exploration of the links between appearance, gender and sexuality. Discusses beauty and ugliness, racism and beauty standards, and the role of class in shaping images of beauty.
Nigel Barker's beauty equation : revealing a better and more beautiful you
A cultural history of the human body in the Age of Empire
Aivan liian hotti : She's out of my league
Whose life is it anyway? : living through your 20s on your own terms
Skintight : an anatomy of cosmetic surgery
How to be Parisian : wherever you are
Hollywood catwalk : exploring costume and transformation in American film
Making the cut : how cosmetic surgery is transforming our lives
Death spiral
The psychology of physical attraction
The fashioned self
Bodymakers : a cultural anatomy of women's body building
Effect of treatment of severe malocclusion and related factors on oral health-related quality of life
Beauty for sale : an empirical study of appearance-related consumption in Finland
Present it : new ideas for stylish garnishes
Some secrets of how to look your best
Design management in a startup : a multiple case study on managing the visual product identity in 13 startup companies
The power of beauty
Beyond twilight : explore the hidden world of th vampires
The body wars : why body dissatisfaction is at epidemic proportions and how we can fight back
Wine quality : tasting and selection
Outdoor lighting : physics vision and perception
Difference on display : diversity in art, science & society : Beurs van Berlage, Amsterdam, from 16. December 2009 to 8. March 2010 / publication concept and development: Ine Gevers ; editorial board: Ine Gevers, Maaike Bleeker, Stuart Blume ... [et al.]
The obsession : reflections on the tyranny of slenderness
The looks of a winner : beauty, gender, and electoral success
Aesthetics of the unavoidable : aesthetic variations in human appearance
Things a woman should know about style
The hyper(in)visible fat woman : weight and gender discourse in contemporary society
Your heiress diary : confess it all to me
The girls' handbook : essential skills a girl should have
The empire of fashion : dressing modern democracy
The saggy baggy elephant
Polish your poise with Madame Chic : lessons in everyday elegance
Critique of commodity aesthetics : appearance, sexuality and advertising in capitalist society
The Botox book : what you need to know about America's most popular cosmetic treatment
Fat history : bodies and beauty in the modern West
Woman to woman
My boyfriend is a vampire. Book 3 & 4
Like I give a frock : fashion forecasts and meaningless misguidance
"In The Hyper(in)visible Fat Woman, Jeannine A. Gailey argues that women of size in North America occupy a paradoxical social position: as "fat" women they receive exceptional (critical) attention, while simultaneously their subjectivity--in terms of their own needs, desires, and lives--is erased. In this way their experience veers painfully between the hypervisible and the hyperinvisible. Gailey seeks to explore this apparent paradox through a multidimensional analysis of in-depth interviews with 74 women of size, focusing on subjects such as dieting, health, sex and dating, and identity with the women's experiences and voices at the forefront. In doing so Gailey highlights the ways some women are able to successfully subvert the dominant discourse. The resulting book fills a significant gap in the literature by emphasizing women's own experiences, and by developing a much-needed conceptual framework for analyzing marginalized bodies"--
BMI, weight and height as predictors of self-perceived mate value and hypothetical and experienced jealousy in adult Finnish men
Faces of politicians : babyfacedness predicts inferred competence but not electoral success
Ugly shy girl
Dress smart : a guide to effective personal packaging
Carol Spenser's style direction for men
Meal management : laboratory manual
Self.styled : dare to be different
The boys' handbook : essential skills a boy should have
Recent research has documented that competent-looking political candidates do better in U.S. elections and that babyfaced individuals are generally perceived to be less competent than maturefaced individuals. Taken together, this suggests that babyfaced political candidates are perceived as less competent and therefore fare worse in elections. We test this hypothesis, making use of photograph-based judgments by 2,772 respondents of the facial appearance of 1,785 Finnish political candidates. Our results confirm that babyfacedness is negatively related to inferred competence in politics. Despite this, babyfacedness is either unrelated or positively related to electoral success, depending on the sample of candidates.
The twisted tale of glam rock
A brief history of nakedness
Youthful looks - no matter what it costs
his innovative book explores the construction of femininity in Western society. Drawing on a range of theory, empirical sources and original research, Efrat Tse[um]elon examines the role of the visual - of fashion, the body and personal appearance - in defining the female self. Tse[um]elon's argument develops concepts in understanding the meaning of female presence: modesty, duplicity, beauty, seduction and death. Femininity is analyzed in relation to these themes, using insights from sociological, psychological, historical and literary frameworks. The book demonstrates how normative conceptions of feminine essence, which have persevered from Eve to Madonna, become the requirements of appearance for women.
At home with Madame Chic : becoming a connoisseur of daily life
The age fix : how to really look 10 years younger
The Adonis complex : how to identify, treat, and prevent body obsession in men and boys
Eleanor's eyebrows
Honey money : why attractiveness is the key to success
Cuttingedge
Scary book. Volume 3 : Faces
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Let's just say it wasn't pretty
How not to look old : fast and effortless ways to look 10 years younger, 10 pounds lighter, 10 times better
Look at me
The ministry of thin : how the pursuit of perfection got out of control
Black beauty : aesthetics, stylization, politics
"The New York Times bestselling author of Lessons from Madame Chic and At Home with Madame Chic revives the timeless quality of poise and shows how to cultivate it as a daily practice and a life-long endeavor. Just step out your door today and you will notice that poise is a rarity in our wired, fast-paced, and unmannerly world. As uncivil behaviors like flip-flops at Broadway shows and digital oversharing proliferate, this timely book reminds us of the quiet power of behaving with dignity, kindness, and grace. Jennifer Scott's Parisian mentor, Madame Chic, embodied poise, and not just with the good posture, stylish attire, and natural manners that made her extraordinarily elegant. She also demonstrated steady assuredness and graceful calm in everything she did--from interacting with her family and receiving guests at home to presenting herself in public. Jennifer L. Scott passes on the lessons she learned as well as some of her own hard-won wisdom, addressing topics such as proper attire at social events, good grooming, communication skills, hospitality and being a good guest, our interactions with neighbors and strangers, role models, self-discipline, and self-image. This charmingly illustrated, practical, and inspiring book, full of tips, lists, and ideas, is certain to start a new conversation about the timeless art of poise"--
Style yourself : Inspired advice from the world's top fashion bloggers
Seeing the face, seeing the soul : Polemon's Physiognomy from classical antiquity to medieval Islam
The Ugly Laws : disability in public
Staring : how we look
Scary book. Volume 1, Reflections
1001 little ways to look younger
It
Bodies : why we look the way we do (and how we feel about it)
Beauty bound
Good faeries ; Bad faeries
The looks of a winner : beauty, gender and electoral success
Dimensionality of quality from a customer perspective in the wood industry
Charm school
The masque of femininity : the presentation of woman in everyday life
Outward appearance as an expression of ethnicity and otherness
What is beauty? : new definitions from the Fashion Vanguard
Seventeen short chapters with engaging narrative and lots of photos with information-packed captions illustrate the mechanisms by which birds produce the characteristic and sometimes brilliant coloration of their feathers and other body parts.
Beauty secrets : women and the politics of appearance
Venus envy : a history of cosmetic surgery
National Geographic bird coloration
The America's Next Top Model fierce guide to life : the ultimate source of beauty, fashion, and model behavior
Freckleface Strawberry
The first thing you see
Reading faces : window to the soul?
How do we know what dinosaurs really looked like? : scaly spotted feathered frilled
French women don't get facelifts : ageing with attitude
My boyfriend is a vampire. Book 1 & 2
Colour me confident : change your look - change your life!
Women's changing ceremonies in northern Australia
How to never look fat again : over 1000 ways to dress thinner - without dieting!
How to never look fat again : over 1000 ways to dress thinner - without dieting
Stuck on me
Food and society. 2, The appetite and the eye : visual aspects of food and its presentation within their historic context
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
Face value : the politics of beauty
Ultimate confidence : the secrets to feeling good about yourself each day
Only daughter
Gender, song, and sensibility : folktales and folksongs in the highlands of New Guinea
Elite street : the Elite model look : a fashion and style manual
The psychology of appearance
Re-embodied : young women, the body quest and agency in the culture of appearances
Nonverbal behavior in interpersonal relations
Forever chic : must-have tips on beauty and style
Collective search for identity
Slimness and self-rated sexual attractiviness : comparisons of men and women in two cultures
The power of looks : social stratification of physical appearance
The wizard the ugly and the book of shame
