http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6425 habitus
habitus
Bourdieu, habitus and social research : the art of application
Habitus in habitat. 1, Emotion and motion
Re-embodied : young women, the body quest and agency in the culture of appearances
Social movements and Bourdieu : class, embodiment and the politics of identity
HabitusAnalysis. 1, Epistemology and language
The politics of embodiment : habits, power, and Pierre Bourdieu's theory
Habitus : a sense of place
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
The psychology of appearance
Social habitus and the impact of socio-cultural factors on vocational behavior of adolescents : a cross-national comparison of French and Finnish students
The book consists of an outline of combined qualitative and quantitative methods, designed on the basis of Bourdieuʼs general social theory. The methods are focused on individual and collective actors such as social and religious movements. Habitus-analysis enables to qualitatively reconstruct identities and strategies of actors as cognitive networks of their practical logic (cognitive “maps”); thus it fills the gap in Bourdieuian theory of a qualitative approach to identities and strategies of individual and collective actors. A scaled model of fields allows for constructing and empirically studying power relations and opportunities in specific fields of praxis such as the religious field. A simplified model of a social space of cultural (and religious) styles facilitates international comparison as well as an application of the space model to transnational relations. The book thus draws on the theory and methods of Bourdieu, developing them further beyond Bourdieu for practical empirical research. The book launches the program of religious studies at the University of Bielefeld as a kind of “toolbox” onto a broader scientific discussion.
Institutional translation in the Finnish Defence Forces
Remapping habitus in translation studies
The social psychology of clothing : symbolic appearances in context
Fat activism : a radical social movement
The position of Internet art in the Nordic countries
Namibian bodily appearance and handmade objects : the meanings of appearance culture and handmade objects from the perspective of the craft persons
Unbinding the Japanese novel in English translation : the Alfred A. Knopf program, 1955 – 1977
Habits and power
Disturbing concepts : from action theory to a generative concept of agency
English Summary.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Unbinding the Japanese novel in English translation : the Alfred A. Knopf program, 1955-1977
Music, emotion and identity in Ulster marching bands $b flutes, drums and loyal sons
African dress : fashion, agency, performance
Bourdieu and the sociology of music education
It
