http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6427 theories on the origins of religion
theories on the origins of religion
Religion explained : the human instincts that fashion gods, spirits and ancestors
Author Matt J. Rossano provides an evolutionary history of religion, beginning with the social lives of our primate ancestors. This book makes the case that religion is adaptive; that it is essential to morality; that childhood imagination provides its raw materials, and that it is the very essence of what it means to be human.
In search of dreamtime : the quest for the origin of religion
The origin of priesthood
The believing primate : scientific, philosophical, and theological reflections on the origin of religion
The story of God
Totem and taboo : some points of agreement between the mental lives of savages and neurotics
Faces in the clouds : a new theory of religion
Why God wont go away : brain science and the biology of belief
Seven theories of religion
Religion explained : the evolutionary origins of religious thought
The Oxford handbook of the archaeology of ritual and religion
Belief in the past : theoretical approaches to the archaeology of religion
In gods we trust : the evolutionary landscape of religion
The sociology of religion
Garnered sheaves : essays, addresses, and reviews
Thinking about religion : an historical introduction to theories of religion
Anthropology : the exploration of human diversity
The realm of the extra-human : ideas and actions
Comparative religion : an introductory and historical study
The tree of life : a study of religion
The new golden bough : a new abridgment of the classic work
Before religion : a history of a modern concept
Persephone's quest : entheogens and the origins of religion
Evolving God : a provocative view on the origins of religion
Crossing and dwelling : a theory of religion
Charles Darwin knew that there was a significant event in the history of life that his theory did not explain. In what is known today as the "Cambrian explosion," 530 million years ago many animals suddenly appeared in the fossil record without apparent ancestors in earlier layers of rock. In Darwin's Doubt Stephen C. Meyer tells the story of the mystery surrounding this explosion of animal life -- a mystery that has intensified, not only because the expected ancestors of these animals have not been found, but also because scientists have learned more about what it takes to construct an animal. Expanding on the compelling case he presented in his last book, Signature in the Cell, Meyer argues that the theory of intelligent design -- which holds that certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause, not an undirected process such as natural selection -- is ultimately the best explanation for the origin of the Cambrian animals. - Back cover.
Darwin's doubt : the explosive origin of animal life and the case for intelligent design
Critical reflections on indigenous religions
What is religion? : origins, definitions, and explanations
The multiple natural origins of religion
The cognitive science of religion is an inherently heterogeneous subject, incorporating theory and data from anthropology, psychology, sociology, evolutionary biology, and philosophy of mind amongst other subjects. One increasingly influential area of research in this field is concerned specifically with exploring the relationship between the evolution of the human mind, the evolution of culture in general, and the origins and subsequent development of religion. This research has exerted a strong influence on many areas of religious studies over the last twenty years, but, for some, the so-called 'evolutionary cognitive science of religion' remains a deeply problematic enterprise. This book's primary aim is to engage critically and constructively with this complex and diverse body of research from a wide range of perspectives. To these ends, the book brings together authors from a variety of relevant disciplines, in the thorough exploration of many of the key debates in the field. These include, for example: can certain aspects of religion be considered adaptive, or are they evolutionary by-products? Is the evolutionary cognitive science of religion compatible with theism? Is the evolutionary cognitive approach compatible with other, more traditional approaches to the study of religion? To what extent is religion shaped by cultural evolutionary processes? Is the evolutionary account of the mind that underpins the evolutionary cognitive approach the best or only available account? Written in accessible language, with an introductory chapter by Ilkka Pyysiäinen, a leading scholar in the field, this book is a valuable resource for specialists, undergraduate and graduate students, and newcomers to the evolutionary cognitive science of religion.
Evolution, religion, and cognitive science : critical and constructive essays
The Unanimous tradition : essays on the essential unity of all religions
The sociology of religious movements
The faith instinct : how religion evolved and why it endures
The prehistory of the mind : the cognitive origins of art, religion and science
The scientific study of religion
Draws on a broad range of scientific evidence to theorize an evolutionary basis for religion, considering how religion may have served as an essential component of early society survival and that the brain may be inherently inclined toward religious behavior.
Supernatural selection : how religion evolved
The origin of worship : a study in primitive religion
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 1, The magic art and the evolution of kings
Totem and taboo : some points of agreement between the mentalö lives of savages and neurotics
The edge of reason? : science and religion in modern society
Breaking the spell : religion as a natural phenomenon
Totem and taboo
The Ghost Dance : origins of religion
The trickster brain : neuroscience, evolution, and narrative
The prehistory of the mind : a search for the origins of art, religion and science
Darwin's cathedral : evolution, religion, and the nature of society
Alone in the world? : human uniqueness in science and theology
Beyond god : evolution and the future of religion
Eight theories of religion
The panic of the gods and other essays
The promise of salvation : a theory of religion
The elementary forms of religious life
Anthropology and religion : what we know, think, and question
A theory of religion
