http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6434 Northeast Passage
Northeast Passage
Across the top of Russia
Environmental regulation in the Russian Arctic
Strong growth in the Arctic market
The Northwest Passage
Non-Soviet shipping in the Northeast Passage, and the legal status of Proliv Vil'kitskogo
North-east Passage: its exploration and mapping
Ultima Thule : Arctic explorations
On the significance of A. E. Nordenskiöld's Northeast passage expedition to Asian studies in Finland
National security and international environmental cooperation in the Arctic - the case of the Northern Sea Route
Cold front : conflict ahead in Arctic waters
Finland must take maximum advantage of its network
Medical problems connected with wintering in the arctic during A. E. Nordenskiöld's expeditions in 1872-73 and 1878-79
Shipping in Arctic waters : a comparison of the Northeast, Northwest and trans-polar passages
INSROP programme report 1993-1998 : summary and statistics of all INSROP products and activities
The Northern Sea Route or the Northeast Passage
An Arctic passage to the Far East : the visit of the Swedish Vega Expedition to Meiji Japan in 1879
Arctic exploratory voyage sponsored by the European Unions begins Finnish tanker Uikku on a test voyage to the North-East Passage
Contribution of geographical expeditions to international exchanges : evaluation of Nordenskiöld's visit to Japan = Kokusai koryu ni okeru chirigakuteki tanken no igi : A. E. Norudenshorudo no igyo to nihongo bunken no kokusaiteki hyoka
Hunting for Arctic ice in the Northeast Passage
Ship-based polar tourism in the Northeast passage : the challenges facing the industry
Franklin's lost ship : the historic discovery of HMS Erebus
Ninety degrees North : the quest for the North Pole
Proceedings from the Northern Sea Route Expert Meeting : 13-14 October 1992, Tromsø, Norway
Frontiers pushed eastward
In the mid-nineteenth century the North Pole was a mystery. Explorers who tried to penetrate the real icy wastes failed or died. But after Sir John Franklin disappeared with all his men in 1845, serious efforts began to be made to find the true Northernmost point of the globe. The new explorers included Elisha Kane, a sickly man and useless commander, who led his team close to death in 1854, and Charles Hall, a printer from Ohio. Hall made the mistake of taking an experienced crew, who refused to commit suicide for him. Their mutiny so enraged Hall that he died of a stroke, and some of his crew escaped south on an ice-floe. They were followed by the Germans, newly united and eager for their place in the ice, the Austro-Hungarians, and the British, who in 1876 managed to get further than any other expedition, travelling over terrain later explorers considered impassable. They left the field to the Norwegians, to expeditions organized by the American tabloid press, Swedish baloonists, aristocratic Italians and finally to the obsessive Robert Peary, who on one trip took his pregnant wife with him in order to set a record for the most northerly birth in history. He finally made it in 1909.
The quest for the Northwest Passage : knowledge, nation and empire, 1576-1806
The Northeast Passage from the Vikings to Nordenskiöld
The Northern Sea Route of the former Soviet Union
Early Meiji Japan's opening to foreign scientific contact : the Northeast passage expedition by A. E. Nordenskiöld with notes on his finnish background
Matters of responsibility for marine pollution under the legislation of the Russian Federation : (review of the main legislative acts)
Soviet arctic marine transportation
Voyages of delusion : the Northwest passage in the age of reason
Growing awareness about the polar explorer A. E. Nordenskiöld in Japan a century after his voyage to Japan through the Northeast  passage
Ship-based polar tourism in the Northeast Passage : a case study
Legal regime of navigation in the Russian Arctic
