http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6432 new products
new products
Monetizing innovation : how smart companies design the product around the price
Innovation management and new product development
Managing and marketing radical innovations : marketing new technology
The fast path to corporate growth : leveraging knowledge and technologies to new market applications
New crops
The role of Internet in marketing premiering movies
Getting design right : a systems approach
Zero to one : notes on startups, or how to build the future
Product innovation : Leading change throught integrated product development
Discussions forums : from idea creation to incremental innovations / focus on heart-rate monitors
Culturematic : how reality TV, John Cheever, a Pie Lab, Julia Child, fantasy football, Burning man, the Ford Fiesta movement, Rube Goldberg, NFL films, Wordle, Two and a half men, a 10,000-year symphony, and ROFLcon memes will help you create and execute breakthrough ideas
The value of information updating in new product development
From idea to profit : how to market innovative products and services
Pulp is the Champagne of Finland
Adding values : the cultural side of innovation
Innovation systems : capturing new ideas for innovations in research oriented organizations and technology companies
Marketing plan for new product : a study for a case company
European printing industry craves reveal
New Product Development is one of the most important challenges facing organizations today. The Product Development and Management Association (PDMA) Handbook of New Product Development 3rd Edition provides an exceptional review of cutting edge topics for both new and experienced product development leaders. It offers a comprehensive and updated guide to the practices, processes and tools critical to achieving and sustaining new product/service development success in today’s world, delivering valuable information about the fundamentals as well as emerging practices such as venturing, virtual product development and the use of social media in NPD. As the premier global advocate for professionals and organizations working in the fields of new product/service development, PDMA has assembled in the Handbook unique content on the critical aspects of product development success including its 2012 Best Practices Research, Lessons Learned from its Outstanding Corporate Innovator Award Winners and keys to success from organizations with proven innovation track records. The 3rd Edition is an essential reference for anyone with responsibility for product development activities, from novices looking for fundamentals to experts seeking insights on emerging concepts, and is relevant for all functions and all product/service industries.
Flexible product development : building agility for changing markets
The Role of Internet in Marketing Premiering Movies
Stepping out of the box : how trends can guide innovation
New product development capability : a mechanism perspective
The impact of U.S. macroeconomic news announcements on bond prices : evidence from U.S. bond markets
Product lifecycle management
The evolution of new markets
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on New Floricultural Crops : Buenos Aires, Argentina, November 22-25, 2011
Plug in and touch
Big think strategy : how to leverage bold ideas and leave small thinking behind
Rules for revolutionaries : the capitalist manifesto for creating and marketing new products and services
Synthesizing : a blue ocean
Prototyping new interaction style : a case study in designing deformable mobile devices
Embedded lead users inside the firm : how innovative user employees contribute to the corporate product innovaion process
Platforms, markets and innovation
The PDMA toolbook 3 for new product development
Play bigger : how pirates, dreamers, and innovators create and dominate markets
Path dependence and creation
Business ecosystems : constructs, configurations, and the nurturing process
Dimensions of novelty : social representations of new foods
Launch it! : How to turn good ideas into great products that sell
How innovativeness relates to social representation of new foods and to the willingness to try and use such foods
HBR's 10 must reads. On innovation
Rapid productization - empirical study on preconditions and challenges
Creating and marketing new products and services
Engineering innovative products : a practical experience
Cross-functional conflicts in new product launches in the food industry
Wild design : ecofriendly innovations inspired by nature; based on the Ecomimicry project
Creative product development : from concept to completion
Over the past seven years, in a highly unstable global economy, Cisco doubled revenue, tripled profits, and quadrupled earnings per shareIn this book, Cisco Senior Vice President Inder Sidhu explains how the company has been phenomenally successful by focusing on both innovation and new business as well as core businesses, stressing both discipline and flexibility, and winning over both customers and partners.
The design of things to come : how ordinary people create extraordinary products
Gear up : test your business model potential and plan your path to success
New product launch : 10 proven strategies
A cognitive and pragmatic account of innovation: domesticating the probiotic Gefilus in Finland
New concepts for future rag rugs 2030
Frontline innovation management : dynamic product & business development
A fine line : how design strategies are shaping the future of business
The distribution trap : keeping your innovations from becoming commodities
Serial innovators : how individuals create and deliver breakthrough innovations in mature firms
Value stream mapping for lean development : a how-to guide for streamlining time to market
Peripheral vision : detecting the weak signals that will make or break your company
Selling in a new market space : getting customers to buy your innovative and disruptive products
Open innovation : new product development essentials from the PDMA
The main task for most development-intensive organisations is to create, develop and commercialise new products and services. The technology push (TP) concept is considered an important competitive advantage for companies trying to create breakthrough products. Because development processes are risky and failure rates are high, especially in the case of technology pushed projects, defined success factors are valuable knowledge for the management of development-intensive firms.The prime objective of this study is to present a compact set of TP project success factors in an information and communication technology (ICT) context. Because the literature on new product development and innovation has presented many success factors for developed products, but has done so in a way that presents the factors as having a nebulous nature, the specification of TP success factors is also presented. The success factors are also empirically validated. The goal of the validation was to determine the relevance of the success factors introduced, and potentially define new ones. The validation was performed through an empirical study with semi-structured company interviews.As a result of this study we concluded that one success factor defined through the literature review should be removed due to a lack of relevance, that the other twelve success factors were validated, and three new success factors were identified during the empirical study. Eventually fifteen TP success factors are defined and presented.The practical relevance of this study is to help firm management to recognise the real actions needed to reduce product development risks. The theoretical relevance is in helping scholars to focus on key issues when studying the key factors of breakthrough development cases.
Chief culture officer : how to create a living, breathing corporation
Closing the innovation gap : reigniting the spark of creativity in a global economy
Managing uncertainty in new product development projects for improved valuation and decision making is one of the most complex and challenging problems in operations management. It is important for any corporation depending on the success of new products and innovations. This work shows how uncertainty can be handled and partly resolved by conducting an information update during the development process. It is one of the first comprehensive models that combine statistical decision theory in form of Bayesian analysis with a real options framework for projects exposed to different sources of uncertainty. The proposed framework makes an important theoretical contribution in addressing this problem, while at the same time being of significant value to managers who face the difficult task of evaluating and managing complex product development projects.
Global product development : proceedings of the 20th CIRP Design Conference, Ecole Centrale de Nantes, Nantes, France, 19th-21st April 2010
Fast second : how smart companies bypass radical innovation to enter and dominate new markets
Market oriented product innovation : a key to survival in the third millennium
Axiomatic design : advances and applications
Demand for mobile internet : evidence from a real-world pricing experiment
Early supplier involvement timing in new product development
The product manager's handbook
Novelty : a history of the new
The value model : how to master product development and create unrivalled customer value
New product innovation process in the metal manufacturing industry
Rapid sensory profiling techniques and related methods : applications in new product development and consumer research
The emergence of platforms is a novel phenomenon impacting most industries, from products to services. Industry platforms such as Microsoft Windows or Google, embedded within industrial ecosystems, have redesigned our industrial landscapes, upset the balance of power between firms, fostered innovation and raised new questions on competition and innovation. Annabelle Gawer presents cutting-edge contributions from 24 top international scholars from 19 universities across Europe, the USA and Asia, from the disciplines of strategy, economics, innovation, organization studies and knowledge management. The novel insights assembled in this volume constitute a fundamental step towards an empirically based, nuanced understanding of the nature of platforms and the implications they hold for the evolution of industrial innovation. The book provides an overview of platforms and discusses governance, management, design and knowledge issues. With a multidisciplinary approach, this book will strongly appeal to academics and advanced students in management, innovation, strategy, economics and design. It will also prove an enlightening read for business managers in IT industries.
Replacing standards with user information in the design process
This Bachelor’s thesis was conducted as a commission for a case company operating in the technology industry. The purpose of this thesis is to help company CubiCasa analyse the Finnish market situation as well as customer behaviour and competitive competitor for their new product. Based on the result from the market research, the researcher is going to give some suggestions in the aim of improving the sales of this new product for CubiCasa. The theoretical framework defines the important method PEST to analyse the company’s macro-environment, and SWOT to know which external and internal factors affecting to the business. The customer's behaviour in Finnish market is an application of a theory of Jim Riley regarding decision-making process of customer. The concerned product is studied with a theory of Marketing Mix while the marketing plan is mainly focus on content marketing theory. The empirical part of the thesis was based on a qualitative interview with the experts who have experience and obtain the main role in sale process of CubiCasa. The basic purpose of the research was to learn about the current situation of sales as well as the marketing method the company has been using for their new products. Main findings shows that the particular market seems to be relatively promising in upcoming years. While the research determined that their competitors have not played too much in online marketing world, investing more in strategic content marketing plan is suggested to bring competitive advantages for the success of new product to Finnish market.
DPPI 2007 : user experience plus : proceedings of the Conference Designing Pleasurable Products and Interfaces, 22-25 August 2007, School of Design, University of Art and Design Helsinki
University researchers developing technology to commercial markets : a brief review to the 20th century Finland
Developing technology pushed breakthroughs : defining and assessing success factors in ICT industry
Effects of macroeconomic news announcements on Finnish sector index returns
Critical success factors in a furniture development process : furniture design process review through a Finnish-Japanese design project
Roadblocks in the way of the change : a case study with collaborative design workshops during a company's innovation culture building [sic]
Something really new : three simple steps to creating truly innovative products
A cognitive and pragmatic account of innovation : domesticating the probiotic Gefilus in Finland
Successful product management : a guide to strategy, planning and development
Abstract.
New crops for temperate regions
The first mile ; a launch manual for getting great ideas into the market
Insights into consumers' emerging interest in mobile services
New medical treatments opportunities to improve care when adherence to treatment can be improved
Thinking in new boxes : a new paradigm for business creativity
The founders of a respected Silicon Valley advisory firm study legendary category-creating companies and reveal a groundbreaking discipline called category design.Winning today isn't about beating the competition at the old game. It's about inventing a whole new game--defining a new market category, developing it, and dominating it over time. You can't build a legendary company without building a legendary category. If you think that having the best product is all it takes to win, you're going to lose.In this farsighted, pioneering guide, the founders of Silicon Valley advisory firm Play Bigger rely on data analysis and interviews to understand the inner workings of "category kings"--companies such as Amazon, Salesforce, Uber, and IKEA--that give us new ways of living, thinking, or doing business, often solving problems we didn't know we had.In Play Bigger, the authors assemble their findings to introduce the new discipline of category design. By applying category design, companies can create new demand where none existed, conditioning customers' brains so they change their expectations and buying habits. While this discipline defines the tech industry, it applies to every kind of industry and even to personal careers.Crossing the Chasm revolutionized how we think about new products in an existing market. The Innovator's Dilemma taught us about disrupting an aging market. Now, Play Bigger is transforming business once again, showing us how to create the market itself.
Biomimicry : innovation inspired by nature
Building the right things right : a new model for product and technology development
The emergence of novelty in organizations
Doing both : how Cisco captures today's profit and drives tomorrow's growth
What is product design?
Launching new products in the Finnish pharmaceutical industry : a relationship approach
The road to reinvention : how to drive disruption and accelerate transformation
The role of tactical marketing decisions on new product performance : the moderating effect of entry timing
Argues that most business projects fail because their success depends on unanticipated external innovations while revealing the logic of "innovation ecosystems" that can be established to dramatically improve odds of success.
Resolving the design challenge for National Electronic Vehicle Sweden : a comparative study on how insiders and outsiders perceive the brand style of Saab
New product design & development: " worker's wearable chair"
Managing the dynamics of new product development processes : a new product lifecycle management paradigm
Process management in design and construction
Open innovation : the central role of initiator and facilitator
Generating breakthrough new products ideas : feeding the innovation funnel
A guide to open innovation and crowdsourcing : expert tips and advice
Understanding global product launch process : stages, standardization and influencing factors
How to create profitable new products : from mission to market
The wide lens : a new strategy for innovation
Principles of product development flow : second generation lean product development
Innovation and entrepreneurship
The Oxford handbook of creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship
Management of new product launches and other marketing projects
Product release planning : methods, tools and applications
"Companies, communities, and individuals fall for many reasons, but one of the most common--and easily avoidable--is the failure to reinvent. When people and organizations rest on prior successes rather than driving purposeful transformation, they discover too late that they have lost their market position altogether to competitors and external forces.The most successful companies, brands, and individuals make reinvention a regular part of their business strategies. Transformation demands an ongoing process of discovery and imagination, and The Road to Reinvention lays out a systematic approach for continually challenging and reinventing yourself and your business. Venture capitalist and serial entrepreneur Josh Linkner identifies six elements in any business that are ripe for reinvention and shares examples, methods, and step-by-step techniques for creating deliberate, productive disruption.Throughout The Road to Reinvention, Linkner also explores the history--the great rise, unprecedented fall, and now rebirth--of his beloved hometown, Detroit. First rising to greatness as the result of breathtaking innovation, Detroit had generations of booming growth before succumbing apathy, atrophy, and finally bankruptcy. Now, the city is rising from the ashes and driving sustainable success through an intense focus on reinvention. Linkner brings an insider's view of this incredible story of grit, determination, and creativity, sharing his perspective on Detroit's successes and setbacks as a profound example of large-scale organizational and personal transformation.Change is inevitable. You need to decide: Will you drive that change, or be driven away by it? Will you disrupt or be disrupted? By choosing to deliberately reimagine your own status quo, you can secure a strong future for both your company and your career"--
Role of information in new product development
A marketing action plan for the growing business
The ram-up project of new and ghanged products : case company: Reka Rubber Ltd
The contextual nature of launching industrial new products
Rapid productisation process : managing an unexpected product increment
New products management
Market study of needle and syringe destroyers in the United Kindom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Look at more : a proven approach to innovation, growth, and change
Materials and design : the art and science of material selection in product design
Innovation and its enemies : why people resist new technologies
The PDMA handbook of new product development
Concurrent engineering effectiveness : integrating product development across organizations
"No carry-over parts" : corporations and the metaculture of newnee
Cracking the code : leveraging consumer psychology to drive profitability
Global innovation science handbook
E-business@print : Internet-based services and processes
New product development and innovation for growth and profitability of companies : case study of Finnish high tec industries
Exploration to trends & product development : a framework to guide trend & consumer driven concept development
You have a great idea, now what? That first mile--where an innovation moves from an idea on paper to the market--is often plagued by failure. In fact, less than one percent of ideas launched by big companies end up having real impact. The ideas aren't the problem. It's the process. "The First Mile" focuses on the critical moment when an innovator moves from planning to reality. It is a perilous place where hidden traps snare entrepreneurs and roadblocks slow innovators inside large companies. In this practical and enlightening manual, strategic adviser Scott Anthony equips innovators with new tools, questions, and examples to speed through this crucial early stage of innovation. You'll learn: (1) How to evaluate your idea's strengths and weaknesses using the "DEFT" process--Document, Evaluate, Focus, and Test; (2) Fourteen recipes from an "experiment cookbook" to gain confidence in your idea or business; (3) Why "spinouts," "wrong turns," and other challenges commonly trip up innovation--and the practical strategies you can use to avoid them; and (4) Why innovators need to seek chaos in an age of constant change--and other essential leadership skills. Drawing on his decade of experience as an innovation adviser and investor, Anthony describes hard-won lessons from disruptive start-ups and global giants alike. "The First Mile" will give you the knowledge and confidence to travel this perilous--but ultimately promising--terrain. The first mile can be a scary place, but you don't have to traverse it alone. This book can.
Innovation games : creating breakthrough products through collaborative play
