http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p643 crystallography
crystallography
Impact of crystallography on modern science
Exploiting reciprocal space : electron diffraction, textures and precession
Fundamentals of crystal growth. 1, Macroscopic equilibrium and transport concepts
Atomic and electronic structure of solids
International tables for crystallography. Vol. A, Brief teaching edition of volume A : Space group symmetry
The crystalline state. Vol. 2, The optical principles of the diffraction of x-rays
An Introduction to crystallography
Manual of mineralogy (after James D. Dana)
The optical principles of the diffraction of x-rays
Atom tunneling phenomena in physics, chemistry and biology
Acta crystallographica. Section A, Foundations of crystallography
Crystal growth
Chemical crystallography : an introduction to optical and X-ray methods
Acta crystallographica. Sect. B, Structural science
Journal of applied crystallography
Modern crystallography. 4, Physical properties of crystals
Expression, purification and crystallisation of human JAK3-JH1 domain
Synthesis and X-ray structural studies of organic and metallo-organic supramolecular systems
Photonic crystals : molding the flow of light
International tables for crystallography. Vol. 100, Mathematical, physical and chemical tables
Interfaces in crystalline materials
Acta crystallographica / Sect. A, Foundations of crystallography
Electron crystallography of inorganic structures : theory and practice
Minerals from Republic of Macedonia : with an introduction to mineralogy
Macromolecular crystallography. Part 100
An outline of crystal morphology
International tables for crystallography. Vol. F, Crystallography of biological macromolecules
Whole-pattern fitting in energy and angular dispersive powder diffraction
Supersaturation-controlled crystallization
Computer simulations of dislocations
Crystal structure determination and functional prediction of AtuE
Molecular structure and packing of platinum(II) complexes with S-donor ligands in the solid state : an X-ray crystallographic study
Growth of crystals
Space-charge fields in crystals of cubic symmetry
Acta crystallographica. Section C, Crystal structure communications
Electrical and photoelectrical properties of trigonal selenium single crystals
Fundamentals of crystallization and crystallization kinetics
Crystal structures. 4, Miscellaneous inorganic compounds, silicates, and basic structural information
Macromolecular crystallography. Part D
Electron crystallography
General crystallography : a brief compendium
The basics of crystallography and diffraction
From molecules to crystallizers : an introduction to crystallization
On superstructural ordering of NiAs type phases in the Co-Se, Ni-Sn-P and Ni-Ge-P systems
Acta crystallographica. Section B, Structural science
Crystal structure determination
Structure of materials : an introduction to crystallography, diffraction and symmetry
Diffraction methods in materials science
Crystallographic and other studies of some solid copper (II) complexes formed by N-methylethylenediamine
Granulomorfologiâ : prostye 11-èdry = Granulomorphology : simple 11-hedra
Crystals
Crystals : growth, morphology, and perfection
Introduction to liquid crystals
Acta crystallographica / Sect. B, Structural science
Host-guest complexation of crown ethers with tropylium and pyridinium cations
Elements of crystallography and mineralogy
Hydrated proton complexes in the solid state : the crystal structures of some hydrates of strong acids
Basic concepts of crystallography : an outcome from crystal symmetry
Inorganic structural chemistry
Non-standard crystallography : examples in 3- and 3+1 dimensional space
Structural studies of surfaces by low-energy electron diffraction
Crystallography and crystal defects
Optical absorption of colour centres in some alkali halides and their mixed crystals
Texture and anisotropy : preferred orientations in polycrystals and their effect on materials properties
Crystallographic studies of enzyme stability
Crystal structure determination of a tau class glutathione transferase isoenzyme from glycine max
International tables for X-ray crystallography. 1, Symmetry groups
Documentation of protein crystallization techniques and characterization of crystals
Crystallography and crystal chemistry : an introduction
Structure determination by X-ray crystallography
Foundations of structural biology
International tables for crystallography. A, Space-group symmetry
Order and disorder in the RE-Cd and related systems
From first map to final model : proceedings of the CCP4 study weekend, 6-7 January 1994.
Modern protein chemistry : practical aspects
Fluorescence spectra and crystal field analysis of rare earth oxyhalides and oxysulfates doped with trivalent europium and terbium
X-ray diffraction by polycrystalline materials
Field guide to snow crystals
Modulations in intermetallic families of compounds
Abstract.
Crystallography across the sciences : a celebration of 50 years of Acta Crystallographica and the IUCr
Container molecules and their guests
Optical crystallography
X-Ray crystallography : an introduction to the investigation of crystals by thier diffraction of monochromatic X-radiation
Essentials of crystallography
Mathematical techniques in crystallography and materials science
Structural studies on the enzymatic units of the peroxisomal multifunctional enzyme type 2 (MFE-2)
An introduction to crystal chemistry
Comparative structural studies of wild-type PhaZ7 and Tyr105 mutants
International tables for crystallography. Vol A, space-group symmetry
Crystal structure determination of phosphoserine aminotransferase from Bacillus alcalophilus inthe free and phosphoserine-bound forms
Structural studies on proteins with industrial potential : ENA11His fab fragment, streptomyces rubiginosus xylose isomerase, Trichoderma reesei xylanase IV and Melanocarpus albomyces cellobiohydrolase
Structural conversions in crystalline systems and their importance for geological problems
The determination of crystal structures
Introduction to crystallography : a laboratory manual for students of mineralogy and geology
The rotation method in crystallography : data collection from macromolecular crystals
Acta crystallographica / Sect. C, Crystal structure communications
Liquid crystals : the fourth state of matter
Liquid crystals : nature's delicate phase of matter
Molecule-based materials : the structural network approach
Masterpieces of the mineral world : treasures from the Houston Museum of Natural Science
Concise encyclopedia of the mechanical properties of materials
Application of on-line adaptive simulation to batch evaporative crystallization
Structure of metals : crystallographic methods, principles and data
Structural studies of class 1 non-symbiotic hemoglobin in Populus tremula x tremuloides
The crystalline state. 1, The crystalline state : a general survey
Experimental determination of spin-spin coupling tensors applying NMR of partially oriented molecules
Molecular replacement : proceedings of the CCP4 study weekend, 31st January - 1st February, 1992.
Physics and chemistry of earth materials
Metal induced surface structures and epitaxial silicides on Si(111)
Crystallographic databases : information content, software systems, scientific applications
Crystals : symmetry in the mineral kingdom
Study of complex structure and interaction of EibD with IgG's FC region
An introduction to crystallography
The National gem collection
Structural characterization of Streptomyces rubiginosus xylose isomerase, Trichoderma reesei xylanase IV and ENA11His Fab-fragment
X-ray crystallography : an introduction to the investigation of crystals by their diffraction of monochromatic x-radiation
Crystal structures of minerals
The physics of liquid crystals
World directory of crystallographers and of other scientists employing crystallographic methods
Crystallography and diffraction are widely used throughout science for studying structure. The aim of this book is to show, through relevant examples and without relying on complex mathematics, that the basic ideas behind crystallography and diffraction are simple and easily comprehensible.
Online dictionary of crystallography
