http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6431 fields (agriculture)
fields (agriculture)
Observations on the decline of some farmland weeds
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
Phosphorus status of diverse soils in Finland as influenced by long-term P fertilisation. 1, Native and previously applied P at 24 experimental sites
NJF seminar 448 : Soil compaction - effects on soil functions and strategies for prevention : House of Science and Letters, Helsinki, Finland, 6-8 March 2012
Finnish trends in phosphorus balances and soil test phosphorus
Crop yields and supply of nitrogen compared in conventional and organic farming systems
The effect of decreasing fertilization on agricultural nitrogen leaching : a model study
Maastokartta 1:50000 = Terrängkarta 1:50000 = Topographic map 1:50000.. T423, Iso-Vietonen
Seasonal occurrence of Lygus bugs on field crops in Finland
Soil water-retention characteristics and fertility of afforested arable land
Long-term soil compaction due to high axle load traffic
Comparison of co-existing forestry and reindeer husbandry value chains in northern Sweden
Functional biodiversity in soils : development and applicability of an enzyme activity pattern measurement method
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
Agroforestry : realities, possibilities and potentials
A ploughed field is such a fine sight
Whole-farm risk management in arable farming : portfolio methods for farm-specific business analysis and planning
Professional education in agroforestry : proceedings of an international workshop
Fate of the organophosphate herbicide glyphosate in arable soils and its relationship to soil phosphorus status
Arsenic and heavy metal concentrations in agricultural soils in South Savo province
Forestry in Malå, northern Sweden, coexists with other land uses. Reindeer husbandry is in the area for centuries and requires large areas of grazing land. Competing land uses may threaten the Malå Sami village. The aim of the study was to evaluate increased consideration in forest management towards 1) reindeer husbandry, 2) nature and 3) a combination of the two. These scenarios were compared with forest management as it was in 2009. Results indicate that all three scenarios lead to a decrease in annual harvesting volumes of 0.2 to 0.4 million m3. Forest industry dominated the economic viability in the area. Forest management adapted to the needs of reindeer husbandry resulted in less potential for yearly harvest, employment and profits from forest industry. On the other hand, it led to an increase in growing stock and consequently the potential for carbon sequestration over time. Indeed the increased sequestration would compensate for all fossil emissions of carbon from the Forest Wood Chain (FWC). The nature scenario had minor effects on economic result and on the emissions of fossil carbon. The combined scenario gave a reduced economic performance for the FWC. A scenario based on forest management accommodating the needs of reindeer husbandry gave the best economic result for the reindeer chain, due to high survival rate of the reindeer. However the economic importance of reindeer husbandry in the region was small compared to the FWC. Results from scenario analysis could serve as a platform for mutual understanding between stakeholders.
The impact of host mycotrophy on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal (AMF) markers was studied in a temperate agricultural soil cropped with mycorrhizal barley, flax, reed canary-grass, timothy, caraway and quinoa and non-mycorrhizal buckwheat, dyer's woad, nettle and false flax. The percentage of AMF root colonization, the numbers of infective propagules by the Most Probable Number (MPN) method, and the amounts of signature Phospholipid Fatty Acid (PLFA) 16:1ω5 and Neutral Lipid Fatty Acid (NLFA) 16:1ω5 were measured as AMF markers.  Crop had a significant impact on MPN levels of AMF, on NLFA 16:1ω5 levels in bulk and rhizosphere soil and on PLFA 16:1ω5 levels in rhizosphere soil. Reed canary-grass induced the highest levels of AMF markers. Mycorrhizal markers were at low levels in all non-mycorrhizal crops. NLFA 16:1ω5 and the ratio of NLFA to PLFA 16:1ω5 from bulk soil are adequate methods as indicators of AMF biomass in soil.
The impact of distance to the farm compound on the options for use of the cereal plot
The influence of raw grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) seeds on growth performance and biochemical and haematological parameters in the blood of grower-finisher pigs
The aim of the present study was to examine the influence of raw seeds of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) in feed mixtures for grower-finisher pigs on growth performance, and biochemical and haematological parameters in their blood, as well as on the weight of the liver and the kidney. The experiment was performed on 96 grower-finisher pigs of (Polish Landrace × Polish Large White) × Pietrain, weighing from 25 to ca. 100 kg. The pigs were divided into four diet groups. The feed compound of the control group contained extracted soybean meal. In experimental groups soybean meal protein was replaced by raw grass pea seeds in quantities of 50% in grower and/or finisher diet, and 100% in both fattening period. The use of raw grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feeds in finisher diet did not result in lower growth performance in comparison to the control group. However, the fatteners fed grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feedstuffs in both fattening periods revealed the highest feed and energy intake per kg of live weight gain, compared to the group feed grass pea only in the second phase of the fattening period. A higher share of grass pea seeds in the mixture led to weaker growth performance and carcass characteristics. Hypertrophy of kidney and liver was noted in the animals which were fed with raw seeds of grass pea amounting to 100% of protein feeds. Also, hyperactivity of ALAT, ASAT and alkaline phosphatase was observed in the animals' serum. No negative influence of applying raw seeds of grass pea amounting up to 50% of protein feeds in grower and/or finisher periods on the parameters examined was noted.
Ecology of host-parasite relationships in boreal Europe : voles, food and infectious diseases
Enhancing farmland biodiversity throug environmental fallows : effects of fllow type and landscape
Landsat TM images in mapping of semi-natural grasslands and analysing of habitat pattern in an agricultural landscape in south-west Finland
The ethnoarchaelogy of abandonment in a Northern Finnish farming community
Novel methods for reducing nutrient losses from fields to water
Vegetation succession of abandoned hay fields in central Finland : a quantitative approach
Crop circles : the bones of God
Spatial and temporal determinants of Finnish farmland bird populations
Wildflowers of field and woodland
Soil parameter variability affecting simulated field-scale water balance, erosion and phosphorus losses
Temporal and spatial variation in weed community composition of spring cereal fields
Potential bioavailability of particulate phosphorus in runoff from arable clayey soils
The importance of farmland for Ortolan Buntings nesting on raised peat bogs
The aim of organic agriculture is to produce food of high nutritional quality in sufficient quantity. Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of organic and conventional growing systems on (i) total amounts and supply of N taken up or applied to plants during a five year crop cycle period and (ii) crops total dry matter (DM) yield obtained during same period. The total DM yields from the organic treatments were 25-33% smaller than from the conventional treatments. The ratio of N output/N input was significantly the smallest in the organic treatment with cattle manure, where only 37% of all supplied N was used by plants during the crop cycle period. The organic fertiliser with faster mineralisation rate and splitting the application of organic N during crop cycle period would be more appropriate to supply sufficient quantities of N during rapid plant growth and to obtain higher crop yields in organic farming systems.
Monitoring of Finnish arable land : changes in soil quality between 1987 and 1998.
Advancing Agroforestry on the Policy Agenda : a guide for decision-makers
Decision-making in land-use and conservation planning requires relevant and good quality information over wide areas, collected in a cost-efficient manner. This study focuses on the use of medium-resolution satellite imagery in landscape level studies of habitat pattern, particularly in fragmented agricultural landscapes. We analysed the suitability of multi-temporal Landsat TM images in habitat mapping, in particular for the discrimination of semi-natural grasslands. The results showed that even patchy agricultural mosaics can be coarsely mapped with Landsat TM and that the use of multi-temporal imagery notably improves the classification results. The best classification result (total accuracy 89%) was achieved with early spring, midsummer and late summer images combined. The classification accuracy for semi-natural grasslands was relatively low overall (63%), but over 90% of large (&gt; 1 ha) patches were discriminated. Furthermore, we compared a set of landscape composition and structure indices calculated from 1) a Landsat TM -based habitat classification (25 m resolution) and 2) a habitat map derived from aerial photographs (2 m resolution). The compositional indices, diversity index and patch sizes gave similar results on both scales. Finally, the habitat pattern of the study area was described using the calculated compositional, structural and environmental indices, and three main landscape types were identified.
Planting of birch (Betula pendula Roth.) on former agricultural fields, with emphasis on seedling quality, light quality and competition
Field afforestation in the context of rural development : a preliminary study of farmers' and rural advisors' perceptions
Farmland birds across the world
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Compressive behaviour of the soil in buffer zones under different management practices in Finland
Farmland birds and habitat heterogeneity in intensively cultivated boreal agricultural landscapes
Insect pollinators
The scarecrows wedding
Population dynamics of Malus sylvestris stands in grazed and ungrazed, semi-natural grasslands and fragmented woodlands in Mols Bjerge, Danmark
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Potassium research, review and trends : proceedings of the 11th congress of the International Potash Institute, 1978.
Butterfly communities on field margins : effects of changes in farming methods and adjacent forest cuttings (Lepidoptera: Hesperioidea, Papilionoidea)
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 1, Yield responses on clay and loam soils in relation to soil test P values
The field-reservation scheme of Finland 1969-1977
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Creating ecotourism business in Pello
Peltojen levinneisyys : Suomi 1:1000000 = Åkrarnas utbredning : Finland 1:1000000 = Distribution of arable land : Finland 1:1000000
Factors affecting farmland prices in Finland
Plant communities of field margins : the effects of management and environmental factors on species composition and diversity
The ecology of temperate cereal fields
Non-wood plants as raw material for pulp and paper
Weed seeds in cultivated soils in Finland
Carbon dioxide exchange on cultivated and afforested boreal peatlands
Fifteen-year response of weed control intensity and seedling type on Norway spruce survival and growth on arable land
Economic importance of parcel structure on Finnish farms
Crops : a self-teaching course, based on Crop management and soil conservation
Finnish names of cultivated lands
National and regional net nitrogen balances in Finland in 1995-2005
Growth disturbances in Scots pines growing in afforested fields : disorders in amino acid and protein pools
Field-scale spatial variation in yields and nitrogen fixation of clover-grass leys and in soil nutrients
On the spider fauna of Finnish oat fields
Responses to global change and management actions in coastal groudwater resources, Maputaland, southeast Africa
Habitat preferences of the Skylark Alauda arvensis in southern Finland
Regional differences in land prices in Finland
Agroforestry in Tanzania Olmotony region
The design of land consolidation pilot projects in Central and Eastern Europe
Modelling water flow and soil erosion in clayey, subsurface drained agricultural fields
Succession in abandoned fields : studies in central Bohemia, Czechoslovakia
Plant communities of field boundaries in Finnish farmland
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 2, Sufficient phosphorus application rates on silty and sandy soils
Summary.
Neutral lipid fatty acid analysis is a sensitive marker for quantitative estimation of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in agricultural soil with crops of different mycotrophy
Afforestation of fields in Finland: agricultural background and recent achievements
World resources of cereals, leguminous seed crops and flax, and their utilization in plant breeding. [1], Agroecological survey of the main field crops
Path planning algorithms for agricultural field machines
The scarecrows' wedding
Prediction of soil aggregate stability and water induced erosion on agricultural soils in southeast Norway = Estimering av aggregatstabilitet og erosjon på landbruksjord i sørøst Norge
Cold hardiness research on agricultural and horticultural crops in Finland
The benefits of biochar (BC) application to fertile, non-acidic soils in temperate climate regions might not always be as evident as for highly weathered tropical soils. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of BC on soil characteristics, nutrient uptake and crop yield in field experiments on two temperate soils (Cambisol and Chernozem) in Austria. Maize and wheat (Cambisol), and barley and sunflower (Chernozem) were grown in successive vegetation periods following different BC application rates (0, 24 and 72 t ha-1 at the start of the experiment), supplemented with identical mineral N supply in 33 m² plots. BC treatments showed varying impacts on nutrient uptake of the investigated crops. The first growing season in the Chernozem region was affected by a prolonged drought period, which resulted in positive effects of BC on soil water-holding capacity (WHC) and barley crop yield (+ 10%) for the 72 t ha-1 BC + N treatment compared to a control with identical nutrient supply but without BC. However, maize and wheat grain yield decreased by 46 and 70%, respectively, after the highest BC application rate (72 t ha-1) in an additional treatment without supplementary N-fertilisation. Still, even with high BC application rates we did not observe any adverse effects on crop yield and nutrient uptake, as long as the soil was supplied with sufficient N according to local agricultural practice.
Structure and dynamics of reserved field ecosystem in central Finland
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Crop yield response to water
Battle sheep
The effect of gypsum on phosphorus losses at the catchment scale
High latitude agriculture is rainfed. Climate change could, however, increase water deficiency and initiate a call for development of irrigation systems as a part of field water management systems. This study aimed to develop a basic understanding about the current state of irrigation potential according to region by monitoring proximity of fields to waterways and characterizing their general conditions. One third of Finnish fields are in direct contact with a shoreline of an inland waterway. This coupled with Finland being water-rich country may improve adaptive capacity to cope with the potentially harmful impacts of climate change in the future. However, there are marked differences between regions in access to water resources. Findings of this survey will serve as background information needed to assess future needs for introduction of irrigation and to evaluate the opportunities to close yield gaps and improve yield stability through irrigation.
The environmental effects of agricultural land diversion schemes
The identification of weed seedlings of farm and garden
At the gates of Loyang
Field balances of trace elements at the farm level on crop and dairy farms in Finland in 2004
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
Bark surface temperature measurements on the boles of wild cherry (Prunus avium) grown within an agroforestry system
Blue sticky traps are more efficient for the monitoring of Lygus rugulipennis (Heteroptera, Miridae) than yellow sticky traps
Monitoring programme of Finnish arable land : Aqua regia extractable trace elements in cultivated soils in 1998
Manipulation of earthworm population in field experiments in agroecosystems
The indigenous agroforestry systems of the south-eastern Rift Valley escarpment, Ethiopia : their biodiversity, carbon stocks, and litterfall
Effects of pesticide use and perennial grass strips on arthropod fauna in a northern field ecosystem
Field crop ecosystems
Ecology of arable land : organisms, carbon and nitrogen cycling
Proximity of waterways to Finnish farmlands and associated characteristics of regional land use
Field afforestation in Finland in the 1990s : objections, preconditions & alternatives
Managing Sonchus arvensis using mechanical and cultural methods
Biochar application to temperate soils : effects on nutrient uptake and crop yield under field conditions
Suomen peltojen kuivatustila = Draining condition of the cultivated fields in Finland
Phosphorus status of diverse soils in Finland as influenced by long-term P fertilisation. 2, Changes of soil test values in relation to P balance with references to incorporation depth of residual and freshy applied P
Growing Prunus avium L. within an agroforestry system (AFS) may result in sun damage to cambial tissues on sun-exposed bole faces. There are two periods of risk of damage caused by insolation to exposed tree boles, the summer, when cambial temperatures become too high, or during winter, when the frozen dormant cambium tissue thaws and then rapidly re-freezes, a phenomenon commonly referred to as sunscald or southwest disease. Damage on the south western bole face was observed on a number of P. avium within an AFS. Five trees were sampled to assess the period in time that damage occurred. To retrospectively investigate such damage, bark surface temperature data were collected over a two year period for a further five P. avium and analysed. It was shown that bark surface temperature on the south western bole face reached nearly 50 °C during summer and experienced a maximum range of 38 °C within a 24 hour period in spring. A specially formulated white paint was applied to two trees, thus, testing a method to reduce the risk of sun damage. Two models were constructed to predict maximum and minimum daily bark surface temperature using maximum, minimum and mean daily air temperature, daily sum of sunshine hours, cloud cover, wind speed, relative humidity, maximum solar elevation and height on the tree bole as predictor variables. The damage occurred during winter 2009/2010. The models were used to identify maximum and minimum bark surface temperatures during that winter enabling the identification of possible damage events..
Seed mixture to attract natural enemies
Finland-Swedish names of fields, meadows and pastures
Ode to a Skylark : agricultural intensification and farmland birds in the Baltic region
Man and his habitat : essays presented to Emyr Estyn Evans
Effect of meteorological conditions and water management on hydrological processes in agricultural fields : parameterization and modeling of Estonian case studies
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Species-specific effects of dioxin exposure on xenobiotic metabolism and hard tissue in voles
Modelled impacts of mitigation measures on greenhouse gas emissions from Finnish agriculture up to 2020.
Land leasing, land degradation and agricultural productivity in Finland
