http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6438 harmonisation
harmonisation
Integration through law : Europe and the American Federal Experience. Volume 1, Methods, tools and institutions : book 1 : a political, legal and economic overview
Nokia test management data integrity through data model harmonization
Criminalizing business cartels in Europe : a comparative perspective
Company law in the European Union : harmonization or subsidiarity
Regulatory Reform in Road Freight Transport : proceedings of the international seminar, February 2001
One suffix, many translations : discussing the translations of terms with the suffix -al in the EU energy and environmenttal legislation
Common frame of reference for European contract law
First annual survey on the implementation and enforcement of Community environmental law : October 1996 to December 1997
Hotel liability
The CMEA uniform law for international sales
The European economic interest grouping, the European company and the corporate cooperation in the EU-legislation
Dealing with integration. Volume 2, Perspectives from seminars on European law 1996-1998
Europeanizing Hungarian extradition law - accesing to the European Union
Private enterprise and public interest in the European 'spacescape' : towards harmonized national space legislation for private space activities in Europe
The implementation of Community law : studies in the legislative and administrative policies of the European Community and its member states
European perspectives on producers' liability : direct producers' liability for non-conformity and the sellers' right of redress
Convergence and divergence in private international law : Liber amicorum Kurt Siehr
National forest inventories : assessment of wood availability and use
Price setting criteria : coordinating the price setting of the commissioning organisation
Europeanization of law : harmonization or fragmentation
European rules on pre-contractual information duties?
Home products demand supply network integration
Copyright software protection in the EC
Law and policy of harmonisation in Europe's internal market
Law applicable to copyright : a comparison of the ALI and CLIP proposals
Benchmarking water services : guiding water utilities to excellence
Public procurement : a harmonization of the national judicial review of the application of European Community law
Report to the Council of Europe
Principles of European family law regarding divorce and maintenance between former spouses
The international challenge to the Finnish system of fundamental rights
An academic green paper on European contract law
Council of Europe law : towards a pan-European legal area
Problems in the EU leniency regime : could a one-stop-shop system provide the answer?
Towards a harmonized criminal justice system in the EU
Information systems in healthcare domain and integration
The law of public and utilities procurement : regulation in the EU and UK. [Vol. 1]
Pluralism in international criminal law
Status, prospects and possibilities of international harmonization in the field of nuclear energy law : proceedings of the Seventh International Conference Nuclear Inter Jura '85 of the Association internationale du droit nucléaire (AIDN)/International Nuclear Law Association (INLA), held in Konstanz/Bodensee, Federal Republic of Germany, September 29 to October 2, 1985
Graphical representation of sound trademarks - past, present and future
Patristic and text-critical studies : the collected essays of William L. Petersen
General principles of European private law and the theory of legal pluralism
International harmonization of competition laws
International accounting : some issues in accounting harmonisation
Annual report on the monitoring of the application of Community law
Appendix to the report : complementary explanatory notes drafted by the Secretariat on the Commission's instructions
The unity of law and morality : a refutation of legal positivism
Japanese commercial law in an era of internationalization
Harmonization, systemic integration and "mutual supportiveness" as conflict-solution techniques
Harmonization of legislation in federal systems : constitutional, federal and subsidiarity aspects : the European Union and the United States compared
Combating crime in Europe : the approach towards harmonisation of criminal law
Parental responsibilities : national reports : working field 2
Harmonisation and 3Rs alternatives
Searching balance in the harmonization of patent laws : first-to-file versus first-to-invent patent regimes and introduction of a grace period into first-to-file patent regimes
Hungary's legal assistance experiences in the age of globalization
The EU between 'an ever closer union' and inalienable policy domains of member states
COST Action E27 = Protected Forest Areas in Europe - Analysis and Harmonisation (PROFOR) : reports of signatory states
Rules for the transfer of movables : a candidate for European harmonisation or national reforms?
Secured credit and the harmonisation of law : the UNCITRAL experience
Societas Europea – The new European Company : The one fits all Model, facilitating European Trade?
International financial reporting standards in Finland : implementation so far
The growth of world law
Investor protection in the CIS : legal reform and voluntary harmonization
The need for a European contract law : empirical and legal perspectives
Cigarette tax harmonization
Towards harmonization of general principles of international criminal law
Jack is out of the box: the efficiet consumer-shopper
Current State Analysis and Process Harmonization for Miscellaneous Invoicing : UPM-Kymmene Oyj
Harmonization of the human rights protection system in Europe : accession by the European Union to the European Convention on Human Rights
Unaccomplished utopia : neoconservative dismantling of public higher education in the European Union
Third Expert Meeting on Harmonizing Forest-related Definitions for Use by Various Stakeholders, Rome, 17-19 January 2005 : proceedings
Packaging girlhood : rescuing our daughters from marketers' schemes
Cyprus and the EU : the road to accession
Corporate tax harmonisation in Europe : a guide to the debate
Summary in Dutch.
International auditing harmonisation : environmental factors affecting audit exemption thresholds in European Union
Accounting principles for non-executive directors
Comparison of house lighting dimming systems
The impact of the euro on the pricing of electromechanical products within the euro zone
What makes racial diversity work in higher education : academic leaders present successful policies and strategies
The role of legal translation in legal harmonization
The current financial crisis has made it significantly important to ensure timely collection of receivables. The purpose of this thesis was to gather information about the current debt collection process and challenges at Metso Shared Services Oy. In addition the differences in debt collection among the customer Metso Business Units were researched. Global facet was gained with benchmarking to Metso Shared Services Montreal office. Ultimately an improvement proposal to harmonize the debt collection process was introduced. The data were collected from the accounts receivable teams at the Metso Shared Services Tampere and Montreal offices and their managers. The study was carried out as personal interviews and questionnaires. The data were analyzed using qualitative and quantitative content analysis. The empirical part consists of the theory of accounts receivable, debt collection and international communication in order to support the practical parts of this thesis. The results indicate most differences in the last phases of the debt collection process at Metso Shared Services Oy. The majority of the interviewees stated that the major challenges were communication or technology related. Good practices were linked with clear, efficient and timely debt collection. In addition, prompt communication was appreciated. As a conclusion, changes to the general debt collection process were proposed in order to harmonize the process among the customer Metso Business Units. Furthermore additional technical tools were suggested. The key to effective debt collection was good communication between the collectors and the customer Metso Business Unit. Further research and effort is required to implement harmonized and uniformed debt collection process. In order to successfully implement more effective debt collection process engagement from all parties is required. As a request from the commissioner Metso Shared Services Oy, some parts of this final thesis are disclosed.
New Features in Contract Law
Criminal procedure in Europe : England and Wales, France, Germany, Netherlands, Slovenia, Spain
The law's farewell to the nation state?
What has been done, what is going on, what is to be expected: principles, model laws, regulations or ...?
International litigation : international jurisdiction
"From Paris to Nice" : fifty years of legal integration in Europe : international Pallas conference, Nijmegen, May 24, 2002
The coherence of EU law : the search for unity in divergent concepts
Information rights and obligations : a challenge for party autonomy and transactional fairness
Financial Reporting Based On International Financial Reporting Standards : Challenges and Opportunities (UT Bank Ghana, Limited)
Environmental taxation and tax harmonization
The purpose of this thesis was to develop and intensify the design procedures in Paroc Oy Ab. The goal was to study different methods and harmonize ways of conducting design work. There was a great need for this because in addition to Paroc's own designers, the services of consulting designers from outside of the company were also used. Between companies there are major differences in using certain procedures and when designers are used from outside of the company the design work has to be harmonized so that manufacturing and maintenance would be more efficient. The emphasis in this thesis is on SolidWorks design and helpful tools such as the PDM that are used in the SolidWorks environment. The goal was to create standardized solutions for platforms, stairs, guard-rails, duct accessories and safety nets. The interpretation of technical standards has a great role in creating standardized parts. The possibilities of more efficient component use and the file archive system were studied to make the procedures as efficient as possible for the design work. Fast development of technical solutions and software to be considered when analyzing the results of this thesis as the conclusions may not be valid in the future.
The nightmare of participation : [(crossbench praxis as a mode of criticality)]
Converged network service architecture : a platform for integrated services delivery and interworking
The enforcement of judgments in Europe
Divergences of property law, an obstacle to the internal market?
Regulating capital : setting standards for the international financial system
European harmonisation of civil law from a Nordic perspective
Private law in the EU: harmonised or fragmented Europeanisation?
Management accounting change in public health care
Second annual survey on the implementation and enforcement of Community environmental law : January 1998 to December 1999
Some corporate determinants of harmonization of certain accounting practices in Europe
Unification of tort law : causation
Harmonisation of European private law - the need to respect all involved actors
Learning languages for professions : a development project in tertiary-level language instruction in Finland, 2005-2006 = Valodu mācīšanās profesijai : attīstības projekts valodu apguvei augstskolas studijas Somijā, 2005-2006
The European Company - 'SE'
A diskussion on legal harmonization : Nordic perspectives on Europe's legal future
Terrorism as a catalyst for the emergence, harmonization and reform of criminal law
Objectives and objects for the harmonization of contract law in the Baltic Countries
Unification of tort law : damages
Reasons for maintaining the diversity
The effect of limiting statutory auditors' civil liability on financial reporting quality : empirical evidence on liability caps and earnings management in Europe
Equivalence and mutual recognition in trade arrangements : relevance for the WTO and the Codex Alimentarius Commission
Cybercrime and deterrence : networking legal systems in the networked information society
The politics of European codification : a history of the unification of law in France, Prussia, the Austrian Monarchy and the Netherlands
Brussels II bis : its impact and application in the member states
Integration through law : Europe and the American Federal Experience. Vol. 1, Methods, tools and institutions. Book 2, Political organs, integration techniques and judicial process
Perspectives for the unification and harmonisation of family law in Europe
European contract law
The Europeanization of domestic legislatures : the empirical implications of the Delors' myth in nine countries
Towards more harmonised criminal law in the European union : international seminar 1-3 September 2003, Budapest
Introduction: harmonization and national cultures
Summary.
Legislation for Europe 1992
Harmonisation of private law : natural convergence vs the community's strategy
Land Cover Classification System : classification concepts and user manual : software version 2
The legal, the cultural and the political - conclusions from different perspectives on harmonisation of European contract law
Commercial liquidated damages and penalty clauses
What has been done, what is going on, what is to be expected: principles, model laws, regulations or ...? : eurooppalainen siviilioikeus
Doctrine as a source of the international unification of law
Integration through law : Europe and the American Federal Experience. Vol. 1, Methods, tools and institutions. Book 3, Forces and potential for a European identity
From the margins : historical anthropology and its futures
Measures to prevent and reduce the excessive workload in the courts
International uniform law in practice = Le droit uniforme international dans la pratique : acts and proceedings of the 3rd congress on private law held by the International Institute for the Unification of Private Law, UNIDROIT, Rome, 7-10 Sept. 1987.
Shaping stability : the normation and formation of religious life in the Middle Ages
The purpose of this thesis was to research the differences in house lighting dimming systems in cruise ships between Meyer Papenburg and Meyer Turku. The objective was to bring forward the different working methods in different phases of the project, and to find the most suitable neutral working methods to develop and harmonize dimming systems in both shipyards in the future. The objective was also to investigate differences in technical documents and their possible harmonization in the future common projects. The current matter was investigated due to the harmonization of shipyards. The research was carried out for impartiality in both shipyards in the form of interviews, questionnaires and discussions about the topic. Similar researches about the topic have not been carried out before. Knowledge about the topic was enquired from the professionals that have been working in the field for a long time, drawings were compared and physically implemented solutions on board were studied. As a result, alternative working and designing methods were discovered regarding the development of the dimming systems. The best methods are considered to be taken into action in the future. The research made it possible for the lighting specialists at both shipyards to familiarize themselves with the sister shipyard's working methods and documentation. In addition, the harmonization of lighting departments was started.
Harmonisation of laws relating to the requirement of written proof and to the admissibility of reproductions of documents and recordings on computers : recommendation No. (81) 20 adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 11 December 1981 and explanatory memorandum
Creating a standardized work practice for export shipments
Theory and practice of harmonisation
Enforcement of intellectual property rights in Dutch, English, and German civil procedure
Accounts receivable: debt collection : case Metso Shared Services Oy
Harmonization of training content and trainer qualification : developing Train-the-Trainer Workshop for continental corporation
Harmonization of accounting practices in the European Union
Integration through law : Europe and the American federal experience. Vol. 5, The legal integration of energy markets
Taxation of cross-border income, harmonization, and tax neutrality under European Community Law : an institutional approach
The internationalisation of law : legislating, decision making, practice and education
The road for SEEM : a reference framework towards a Single European Electronic Market
Harmonizing unfair commercial practices law: the cultural and social dimensions
Police and judicial co-operation in the European Union : FIDE 2004 national reports
How to harmonize the Intercompany Matching Process in UPM
Establishing forest inventory reference definitions for forest and growing stock : a study towards common reporting
Measures facilitating access to justice : recommendation No. R (81) 7 adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 14 May 1981 and explanatory memorandum
The impact of statutory audit exemption thresholds to financial information quality : evidence from Finland, United Kingdom and Denmark
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Investigating the existence of business-IT alignment trap in Finnish organizations : (evidence of survey study)
Towards corporate tax harmonization in the European community : an institutional and procedural analysis
Role of law in European integration : in search of a European identity
Making European law : essays on the "Common Core" project
Luxembourgish standardization : context, ideology and comparability with the case of West Frisian
Business law in Africa : OHADA and the harmonization process
Hormonization of private law rules : a Finnish perspective
Integration in multinational companies : case process harmonization and ERP implementation project OneKem Program
Universities' contribution to the Bologna process : an introduction
ISO Recommendation. R 860 : international unification of consepts and terms
Data harmonization and conversion handbook
