http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p644 mineralogy
mineralogy
Mineral kingdom : the illustrated encyclopedia
Reduction and high temperature behaviour of iron ore sinter made from magnetite fines
Molecular modeling theory : applications in the geosciences
MSF Mini-Symposium, 2000 : (held under the auspices of Mineralogical Society of Finland, Geological Survey of Finland and Helsinki University of Technology in conjunction with IMA COM Short Course: modern approaches to ore and environmental mineralogy), Sea Park Congress, ... Espoo, Finland : abstract volume
Transformation processes in minerals
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 1, Essays on the theory of the earth
Petrographic mineralogy
The morphology of calcite crystals in the Mežica mines
Elements of optical mineralogy : an introduction to microscopic petrography. Part 1, Principles and methods
Mineralogy and metallurgical properties of iron ore sinter based of magnetite fines
Quartz : deposits, mineralogy and analytics
Cathodoluminescence in geosciences
Biogeochemistry in mineral exploration
Mineral reference manual
Micro- and mesoporous mineral phases
Mineralogical stability of compacted sodium-bentonite in nuclear waste disposal conditions : an experimental approach
Earth : an introduction to physical geology. Student lecture notebook
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 3, Geology and mineralogy, considered with reference to natural theology, vol. 2
Rock-forming minerals. Vol. 1A, Orthosilicates
Introduction to Mineralogy
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 2, Geology and mineralogy, considered with reference to natural theology, vol. 1
The system of mineralogy
Mineral exploration and geological surveys in Finland before 1886.
Proceedings of the 5th Annual Meeting of Nordic Mineralogical Network, Tallinn, 14th-18th June 2010
Rapaport diamond report
Closure of the investigation boreholes at Olkiluoto site in Eurajoki
Elements of optical mineralogy : an introduction to microscopic petrography. Part 2, Descriptions of minerals
Data base on orogenic lode-gold deposits of Yilgarn block, western Australia
A guide for optical and analytical identification of ore minerals
Geochemistry, mineralogy and genesis of gold deposits
Animal, vegetable, mineral? : how eighteenth-century science disrupted the natural order
Rock-forming minerals. 2, Chain silicates
Underlands :  a journey through Britain's lost landscape
The stability of minerals
"The book summarizes the author's experimental studies of phase relations in the chemical systems relevant to Earth, carried out in a time period of over 20 years using piston-cylinder and multi-avil presses. The results from the high-pressure studies by many other experimental petrologists were also included. The data were used to develop an internally consistent thermodynamic model, which was then used to calculate phase diagrams. This produced the largest collection of the calculated phase diagrams published so far, encompassing for the first time the temperature and pressure ranges corresponding to the whole upper mantle."--BOOK JACKET.
Quantitative mineralogy and microanalysis of sediments and sedimentary rocks
Principles of mineralogy
Igneous petrology
Rock-forming minerals. 2, chain silicates
International Mineralogical Association : abstracts with program : Fourteenth General Meeting 13-18 July 1986 Stanford
Rock-forming minerals. Vol. 3, sheet silicates
The science of minerals in the age of Jefferson
A petrographic, mineralogical and geochemical study of the regional metamorphic, Sääksjärvi and Stormi Svecofennian ultramafic-mafic intrusions, southwest Finland : implications for petrogenesis
Scanning electron microscope studies of different sands and silts
The complete illustrated guide to minerals, rocks & fossils of the world
Mineralogy and mineral chemistry of eclogites of the Fennoscandian Shield
Physics and chemistry of earth materials
Elements of crystallography and mineralogy
Minerals and rocks : exercises in crystal and mineral chemistry, crystallography, X-ray powder diffraction, mineral and rock identification, and ore mineralogy
Granulomorfologiâ : prostye 11-èdry = Granulomorphology : simple 11-hedra
Water as a trace component in mantle pyroxene : quantifying diffusion, storage capacity and variation with geological environment
The heat treatment of ruby and sapphire : an account of the most commonly practiced heat treatment methods and apparatuses, which alter the appearance of the ruby and sapphire; their occurrences, descriptions, inclusion characteristics, identification, and other features
Dissolution mechanisms of albite and hornblende, and of calcite in sandstone
Undersaturated alkaline rocks : mineralogy, petrogenesis, and economic potential
Radioactive age of some Finnish pre-Cambrian minerals
Mineralogy and optical mineralogy
On the geology and mineralogy of the occurrence of native antimony at Seinäjoki, Finland
Ore textures : recognition and interpretation
Rock-forming minerals. Vol. 3, Sheet silicates
Albite alteration at Suurikuusikko, northern Finland, and its relation to gold deposition
Thermochemical investigation of the åkermanite-gehlenite series
The Sompujärvi and Ala-Penikka PGE Reefs in the Penikat Layered Intrusion, Northern Finland : implications for PGE reef-forming progresses
Ultrahigh-pressure mineralogy : physics and chemistry of the Earth's deep interior
Petrological, mineralogical and geochemical analysis of the Paleoproterozoic Keskimmäinen gabbroic intrusion, eastern Finland
Boron : mineralogy, petrology and geochemistry
Mineralogy and geochemistry of the fine and the clay fractions of till in northern Finland
Reagents in mineral technology
A textbook of mineralogy : with and extended treatise on crystallography and physical mineralogy
Archaeomineralogy
The Mineral kingdom : with coloured illustrations of the most important minerals, rocks, and petrifactions
Modern approaches to ore and environmental mineralogy
On the geology and geochemistry of the Vihanti zinc ore deposit, Finland
A dictionary of earth sciences
Mineralogy : concepts, descriptions, determinations
Aspects of theoretical mineralogy in the U.S.S.R. : a collection of papers
An Introduction to the Rock-Forming Minerals
Phase diagrams for geoscientists : an atlas of the earth's interior
The formation of mineral deposits
In this edition, most of the commonly occurring minerals of igneous, metamorphic and sedimentary rocks are discussed in terms of structure, chemistry, optical and other physical properties, distinguishing features and paragenesis. Important correlations between these aspects of mineralogy are emphasized wherever possible. The content of each section has been updated where needed in the light of published research over the 21 years between editions. Tables of over 200 chemical analyses and formulae are included and a number of older entries have been replaced by more recent examples. Major new features: Entirely new views of crystal structures in perspective using CrystalMaker colour images; CrystalViewer interactive CD with >100 mineral structures included; Over 60 colour photographs of minerals in thin sections of rocks under the petrological microscope; Considerably expanded treatment of feldspar and zeolite minerals; Mineral identification table based on birefringence and listing other properties; Colour strip with appropriate interference colours and birefringences for the main rock-forming minerals. This book will be useful to undergraduate students of mineralogy, petrology and geochemistry, especially those at third or fourth year, engaged in more advanced courses or specialized projects, and also as a reference work for students for 'Masters' degrees by taught courses or research. For doctorate students, and research workers in the Earth Sciences as well as those in Materials Science and other related disciplines, this work can be useful as a condensed version of the very extensive treatment presented in the volumes of the DHZ Series 'Rock-Forming Minerals', second edition.
Fluid inclusions : an introduction to studies of all types of fluid inclusions, gas, liquid, or melt.....
Impact diamonds : their features, origin and significance = Impaktnye almazy : ikh osobennosti, proiskhozhdenie i znachenie
Research on the nature of mineral-forming solutions : with special reference to data from fluid inclusions
Mineral resources of the United States
Feldspar mineralogy
Mineralogy and geochemistry of hydrothermal processes in the carbonatites and phoscorites of the Kovdor Massif, Kola Alkaline Province, NW Russia
Applied mineralogy for engineers, technologists and students
Geochemistry and mineralogy of rare earth elements
1,001 facts about Planet Earth
The microscopical characters of artificial inorganic solid substances : optical properties of artificial minerals
Dana's new mineralogy : the system of mineralogy of James Dwight Dana and Edward Salisbury Dana
Rock-forming minerals. Volume 1A, Orthosilicates
Glacial till : an inter-disciplinary study : papers prese nted at a conference held in Ottawa, 17-18 February 1975
Applied mineralogy in research, economy, technology, ecology and culture : proceedings of The Sixth International Congress on Applied Mineralogy ICAM 2000, Göttingen, Germany, 17-19 July 2000.. Vol. 1
Paleoproterozoic carbon isotope excursion and organic carbon burial
Genesis and emplacement of carbonatites and lamprophyres in the Svecofennian Domain
Ultraviolet guide to minerals : a complete working manual for the use of ultraviolet light in locating and recognizing minerals
Archaeomineralogy / George R. Rapp
Theoretical geochemistry : applications of quantum mechanics in the earth and mineral sciences
Minerals of the world
Mineral spectroscopy : a tribute to Roger G. Burns
Oxide minerals of iron in oxidate accumulations in Finland
A text-book of mineralogy : with an extended treatise on crystallography and physical mineralogy
International Mineralogical Association : Abstracts : Fourth Session New Delhi 12-14-64 to 22-12-1964
Optical mineralogy
Understanding earth
Ore mineralogy of some mafic-ultramafic complexes of the Ukrainian and Fennoscandian shields and the Russian Far East
Mineral equilibria and databases : meeting of the mineral equilibria working group of the International Mineralogical Association (IMA) in Espoo, Finland, August 19-20, 1997 : abstracts
Rock-forming minerals. 2A, Single-chain silicates
Elements of mineralogy
The Ilímaussaq alkaline complex, South Greenland : an overview of 200 years of research and an outlook : contribution to the mineralogy of Ilímaussaq no. 130
Chambers's mineralogical dictionary
Geochemistry of non-traditional stable isotopes
Gems & crystals : an illustrated guide to the history, lore and properties of gems & minerals
Abstract.
Influence of tolerances on acoustic bulk wave resonators made of thin at-cut quartz crystals
An introduction to the rock-forming minerals
Introduction to optical mineralogy
Introduction to mineral sciences
Handbook of soil sciences : resource management and environmental impacts
Gemstone and mineral data book
Applications of microanalytical techniques to understanding mineralizing processes
Elements of optical mineralogy : an introduction to microscopic petrography. Part 3, Determinative tables
Minerals and rocks : exercises in crystallography, mineralogy, and hand specimen petrology
Essentials of crystallography
Earth : an introduction to physical geology
Microscopic examination of the ore minerals
Rock-forming minerals. Volume 5B, Non-silicates : sulphates, carbonates, phosphates, halides
Environmental mineralogy : university textbook
Rock-forming minerals. Vol. 4B, Framework silicates : Silica minerals, Feldspathoids and the Zeolites
Proceedings of the 9th International Kimberlite Conference : 9th IKC, Johann Wolfgang Goethe-University, Franfurt, Germany, 10-15 August 2008
Minerals from Republic of Macedonia : with an introduction to mineralogy
Foundations of earth science
Minerlogy of micas in lamprophyres and kimberlites, eastern Finland
Masterpieces of the mineral world : treasures from the Houston Museum of Natural Science
Introduction to practical ore microscopy
International dictionary of metallurgy-mineralogy-geology : mining and oil industries in four languages: English, French, German, Italian
Proceedings of the 5th Annual Meeting of Nordic Mineralogical Network, Tallinn, 14th - 18th June 2010
Behavior of the major elements and minerals in sediments of four humic lakes in south-western Finland
Geochemical trends and provenance in the Tanqua submarine fan-coplex southwestern Karoo Basin, South Africa
Rock-forming minerals. Vol. 2 B, Double-chain silicates
Geology of the lujavrites from the Ilímaussaq alkaline complex : South Greenland, with information from seven bore holes
Introduction to mineralogy
Industrial minerals & rocks : commodities, markets, and uses
Petrography and mineral chemistry of lamproite-hosted xenoliths from Kjakebeinet, western Dronning Maud Land, Antactica
Ore mineralogy of some mafic-ultramafic complexes of the Ukrainian and Fennoscandian Shields and the Russian Far East
Manual of mineralogy (after James D. Dana)
Mineralogical investigations in soil science
