http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6447 status of the elderly
status of the elderly
Ageing. Vol. 1, Origins, theories and practical concerns
Gender and caring : work and welfare in Britain and Scandinavia
Development of socio-demographic differences in mortality among the Finnish elderly in 1971-85
The aged and their new ways of life
The many faces of health, competence and well-being in old age : integrating epidemiological, psychological and social perspectives
Differential mortality at older ages : sociodemographic mortality differences among the Finnish elderly
On old age : Approaching death in antiquity and the middle ages
Socio-economic status and living arrangements of older persons in Latvia
The political economy of ageing and later life : critical perspectives
Growing older in Europe
Aging in comparative perspective : processes and policies
Women, the elderly and social policy in Finland and Japan : the muse or the worker bee?
Inequality and old age
Still in touch : family contact, activities and health among elderly in Sweden
Aging, social inequality, and public policy
SEW, situation of elderly women : four lifestories of grandmothers on the fringers of the European Union
New views on sexual health : the case of Finland
Finnish disabled war veteran : summary of Suomalainen sotainvalidi
Aging in contemporary society
Ageing and diversity : multiple pathways and cultural migrations
The aged in rural environment : papers presented in the congress "Die soziale und ökonomische Lage und die soziale Verhältnisse der Alter" in Turku 29.9.-2.10.1987 : the research project "Das Alter auf dem Lande und in der Landwirtschaft"
Social work and civil society from an international perspective
Aging in the past : demography, society, and old age
Early retirement and citizenship : a comparison of the social, political and economic integration and marginalisation among the ageing
Caring for older people in the community
Images of aging : cultural representations of later life
Discipling old age : the formation of gerontological knowledge
Death in Sunset Grove
Broadening the dementia debate : towards social citizenship
Growing older in world cities : New York, London, Paris, and Tokyo
Aging and the Indian diaspora : cosmopolitan families in India and abroad
The role of older people in our communities
We are all made of glue
Caring for the socio-economically deprived and nutritionally vulnerable
Not dead yet : a manifesto for old age
Aged care : old policies, new problems
Ageing : scientific perspective & social issues
The sociology of aging
The elderly care
Expectations and visions of elderly care among people aged 50-59 years : the report of transnational survey in Finland, the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary & The country report of Finland (in Finnish)
Gender and later life : a sociological analysis of resources and constraints
Women 50+ in Finland : MERI-project (Mapping existing research and identifying knowledge gaps concerning the situation of older women in Europe)
Ageing in East Asia : challenges and policies for the twenty-first century
The secret diary of Hendrik Groen, 83 1/4 years old
The social and economic situation of older women in Europe
Promoting healthy aging
New dynamics in old age : individual, environmental, and societal perspectives
Critical perspectives on ageing societies
Aging in Korea : today and tomorrow
Aging, generations, and politics
Ageing. Vol. 2, Forms and practice
Social protection for the elderly in Finland
A fresh map of life : the emergence of the third age : with a new preface by the author
Age and inequality
Population ageing and international development : from generalisation to evidence
Ageing in Southeast and East Asia : family, social protection and policy challenges
The aged and the society : some factors influencing the status of the aged in Finland
Gerontologic nursing
Gerontological practice for the twenty-first century : a social work perspective
Women's active citizenship
Aging and generational relations over the life course : a historical and cross-cultural perspective
Retrenchment or renewal? : welfare states in times of economic crisis
Meaning in life and its relation to functioning in old age
Old age in the Roman world : a cultural and social history
The long history of old age
Minority elderly care in Europe : country profiles
The world until yesterday : what can we learn from traditional societies?
Life, death, and the elderly : historical perspectives
Dementia, care and education : What needs do demented persons have? What should caregivers attach importance to?
Public discussion of population aging usually focuses on the financial burden that increasingly elderly populations will impose on younger generations. Scholars give much less attention to who does the actual work of day-to-day care for those no longer able to care for themselves; and although women are the majority among the elderly, little is heard about gender differences in economic resources or the need for care. This volume is dedicated to giving gender - and a full range of social and cultural differences - their rightful place in these discussions. The authors address, amongst other issues: the worldwide dilemmas of eldercare; the structure of income and care provisions for older populations; the role of family, marital status, and class in these provisions; the impact of polices affecting retirement age; and, the role of social insurance in preventing poverty among elderly women. The essays included address these topics in a myriad of geographical contexts, including South Africa, the US, Palestine, Australia, South Korea, Spain, Germany, and Sweden. The concerns highlighted here also remind us that whether through individual families or social insurance, through family caregivers or paid help, the oldest generation will continue to depend on adults of working age for its well-being. This book was previously published as a special issue of "Feminist Economics".
Elder abuse in perspective
Population ageing and socio-economic status of older persons in Estonia
Aging : concepts and controversies
Of the research conducted on, about, and for women, little has focused on gender among elderly people. Is there a quality of life difference between elderly women and men? Does ageism affect older women more than their male counterparts? How can elderly women empower themselves to change inadequate living conditions? Considering these and other questions, Gender and Later Life examines how gender and class influence the well-being of people in later life and considers if these factors are more relevant than chronological age. The authors use a political economy perspective to integrate research on aging and gender and to provide a better understanding of gender differences in later life. Essential reading for those with interests in women's studies, social gerontology, medical sociology, and social policy. "The use of the political economic framework provides an enlightening, provocative foundation for understanding the issues of gender and aging. The insights provided into the life span dynamics of later life dependency are convincingly presented. The realistic conclusion derived from reading this very important book is that we can do little to respond to the issues of gender and aging until we have resolved gender, class, and racial inequities occurring across the life span.
Gender, aging and the state
Transnational migration and home in older age
Unequal Britain : equalities in Britain since 1945
Caring for children and older people - a comparison of European policies and practices
Many years of hard work : changes in women's status in Finland : SEW - project report
Care of the aged
The Victorians and old age
Disability : a life course approach
Warm hands in cold age : gender and aging
Summary: Cohort differences in the functional capacity,  health and leisure activities of 65-69 year-old persons.
Abstract (1 lehti). Summary (lehdet 27-33).
Ageing societies : a comparative introduction
These papers study the position of women in two ageing societies - Japan and Finland. The focus on women is seen as an essential indicator which helps analyze the nature of social change in Finnish and Japanese societies. Topics covered include housing policy, retirement, and social security.
Unequal ageing : the untold story of exclusion in old age
Transitions and the lifecourse : challenging the constructions of 'growing old'
