http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6446 old age policy
old age policy policy on the elderly
Critical issues in aging policy : linking research and values
Back to the roots : a new social policy agenda for the welfare of the elderly in rural Tanzania :  the case of Bukoba district
Assistive technology : matching device and consumer for successful rehabilitation
Home care across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Family caregiving in an aging society : policy perspectives
The new generational contract : intergenerational relations, old age and welfare
Check Marks for the Knowledge of Ageing : Working for a Change in North Karelia!
Social security in the Nordic countries : scope, expenditure and financing 1993.
Institutionalization of the elderly in Canada
Can we afford to grow older? : a perspective on the economics of aging
The kaleidoscope of care : a review of research on welfare provision for elderly people
Services for the elderly : case studies in administration and management
Family, market and community : equity and efficiency in social policy
Telematics for the integration of the disabled and elderly : synopses of projects : January 1999
Social work, social policy and older people
An aging world : dilemmas and challenges for law and social policy : edited by John M. Eekelaar and David Pearl
Independent living : European Conference on Independent Living of Older Persons and Persons with Disabilities : Helsinki, 6-7 October 1999 : background paper
The shrinking welfare state : caring for older people in Finland
Aged care : old policies, new problems
The geography of aging : preparing communities for the surge in seniors
The whole municipality working together for older people : perspectives on the development of elderly people's independent living, care and services
State policies and the aging : sources, trends and options
The caring relationship : elderly people and their families
Social policy & aging : a critical perspective
Policy on ageing
The aged in rural environment : papers presented in the congress "Die soziale und ökonomische Lage und die soziale Verhältnisse der Alter" in Turku 29.9.-2.10.1987 : the research project "Das Alter auf dem Lande und in der Landwirtschaft"
Disability in old age : final report, conclusions and recommendations
Abstract (1 s.).
The honorable elders : a cross-cultural analysis of aging in Japan
Aging, health expenditure, proximity of death and income in Finland
The everyday life and bonds of the spousal care of the elderly.
Reconstructing old age : new agendas in social theory and practice
Older people in modern society
An introduction to gerontology
Community care for older people : a comparative perspective
Aging, theory and globalization
Development plan for the elder care services of St. Petersburg
Working with older people and their families
New welfare mixes in care for the elderly. Vol. 3, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, United Kingdom
Public discussion of population aging usually focuses on the financial burden that increasingly elderly populations will impose on younger generations. Scholars give much less attention to who does the actual work of day-to-day care for those no longer able to care for themselves; and although women are the majority among the elderly, little is heard about gender differences in economic resources or the need for care. This volume is dedicated to giving gender - and a full range of social and cultural differences - their rightful place in these discussions. The authors address, amongst other issues: the worldwide dilemmas of eldercare; the structure of income and care provisions for older populations; the role of family, marital status, and class in these provisions; the impact of polices affecting retirement age; and, the role of social insurance in preventing poverty among elderly women. The essays included address these topics in a myriad of geographical contexts, including South Africa, the US, Palestine, Australia, South Korea, Spain, Germany, and Sweden. The concerns highlighted here also remind us that whether through individual families or social insurance, through family caregivers or paid help, the oldest generation will continue to depend on adults of working age for its well-being. This book was previously published as a special issue of "Feminist Economics".
Old age from antiquity to post-modernity
Public pensions, pension reform and fiscal policy
Care of the aged
National framework for high-quality services for older people
Strategies of care : changing elderly care in Italy and the Netherlands
International handbook on ageing and public policy
Global ageing in the twenty-first century : challenges, opportunities and implications
"-Why do many older people rate their health as good when 'objective' evidence suggests that old age is a time of inevitable decline and disease? -How do different perspectives on health inform our understanding of health in old age? -What are the policy implications for ensuring a healthy future for old age? This book addresses important questions which existing literature on health and old age has largely ignored. By juxtaposing detailed case histories and first person accounts from older people with 'official statistics' on the health of 'the elderly' it explores the myths and tries to unpick the mysteries which surround the subject of health in later life. It goes on to explore the implications of these myths and mysteries for the way individual older people manage their health. It looks at the resources and social support available to them as well as the implications for public policy provision. The book ends by exploring the problems and possibilities of ensuring a healthy future for old age. It will be essential reading for reflective practitioners and for anyone concerned with new developments in the fields of ageing, social policy and health." -- (Back Cover)
The new aging : politics and change in America
Warm hands in cold age : gender and aging
Older people in Europe : social integration
The current barriers for older people in accessing the information society : first project report
New welfare mixes in care for the elderly. Vol. 1, Introduction, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Poland, Yugoslavia
The ageing population : burden or challenge?
Focal point North-West Russia : the future of the Barents Euro-Arctic Region and the northern dimension : report from a think-tank seminar in Bjökliden on June 14-17, 2001
Why we need a new welfare state
Regional dimensions of the ageing situation
Ageing in OECD countries : a critical policy challenge
Changing worlds and the ageing subject : dimensions in the study of ageing and later life
Managing integrated care for older persons : European perspectives and good practices
"With the world's population getting increasingly older, there has never been a more pressing need for the study of old age and ageing. An Introduction to Gerontology provides a wide-ranging introduction to this important topic. By assuming no prior expert knowledge and avoiding jargon, this book will guide students through all the main subjects in gerontology, covering both traditional areas, such as biological and social ageing, as well as more contemporary areas, such as technology, the arts, sexuality and education of older adults. An Introduction to Gerontology is written by a team of international authors with multidisciplinary backgrounds who draw evidence from a variety of different perspectives and traditions".
Social theory, social policy and ageing : a critical introduction
Policies of Arctic countries to promote volunteering in old age
Growing older in Europe
This book focuses on how EU welfare policies are implemented at the local level in 11 European cities and how local policy making addresses womenś care responsibilities. The book studies the complex combination of and the relationships between local political processes, policies, institutions, structural conditions and outputs, as well as outcomes for the womenś labour market integration. It demonstrates how cultural settings and multi-level governance patterns form the "playground" for local policy makers to formulate their welfare policies concerning service provision. The book further demonstrates how local production systems and the situation of the local labour market influence the prospects that women have in working and caring. EU welfare policy promotes the labour market integration of women as well as gender equality. The provision of adequate care services is vital in supporting womenś employment. Within comparative welfare research, the focus has been on the national welfare systems and policies even if care services are overwhelmingly provided by local authorities that in many EU member states enjoy considerable autonomy. This book fills the gap in understanding local welfare policy making from a comparative perspective.
Promoting healthy aging
Ageing and economic welfare
Social policy and elderly people : the role of community care
The UN principles of older persons in European elderly care environments : community analysis on elderly care environments in four European countries
World report on ageing and health
Determinants of institutional care at older ages in Finland
The factors affecting the use of elderly care and the need for resources by 2030 in Finland
Care for the elderly : significant innovations in three European countries
Still in touch : family contact, activities and health among elderly in Sweden
Active ageing? : perspectives from Europe on a vaunted topic
Who will care? : future prospects for family care of older people in the European Union
The politics of aging : power and policy
Ageing, wellbeing and climate change in the arctic : an interdisciplinary analysis
Life, death, and the elderly : historical perspectives
Caring for children and older people - a comparison of European policies and practices
The International Handbook on Ageing and Public Policy explores the challenges arising from the ageing of populations across the globe for government, policy makers, the private sector and civil society. It examines various national state approaches to welfare provisions for older people, and highlights alternatives based around the voluntary and third-party sector, families and private initiatives. The Handbook is highly relevant for academics interested in this critical issue, and offers important messages for policy makers and practitioners.
Social protection for the elderly in Finland
Handbook of aging and the social sciences
Expectations and visions of elderly care among people aged 50-59 years : the report of transnational survey in Finland, the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary & The country report of Finland (in Finnish)
An Introduction to Gerontology provides a wide-ranging introduction to this important topic. By assuming no prior expert knowledge and avoiding jargon, this book will guide students through all the main subjects in gerontology, covering both traditional areas, such as biological and social ageing, as well as more contemporary areas, such as technology, the arts, sexuality and education of older adults. An Introduction to Gerontology is written by a team of international authors with multidisciplinary backgrounds who draw evidence from a variety of different perspectives and traditions.
Abstract (s. 9-10): Quality and productive efficiency? : an economic study on institutional care for older people.
The making of ageing policy : theory and practice in Europe
i2010 : independent living for the ageing society
Care as a site of political struggle
Abstract: New research-based knowledge about peripherality and planning practices in depopulated built-up areas in the Northern Periphery.
Well-being of older people in ageing societies
Local welfare policy making in European cities
The elderly in modern society
The economics of aging
Aging in comparative perspective : processes and policies
New welfare mixes in care for the elderly. Vol. 2, Austria, Denmark,, Finland, Israel, Netherlands
The experience of housing in retirement : elderly lifestyles and private initiative
Daily life in later life : comparative perspectives
Tracing gender in political ageing strategies and the press in Finnish Lapland
Ageing and social policy : a critical assessment
International plan of action on ageing and United Nations principles for older persons
Handbook of aging and the family
Social problems and the family
Ageing matters : European policy lessons from the East
From poorhouse to pension : the changing view of old age in America, 1890-1929
A national ageing policy up to 2001 : report of the National Committee on Ageing Policy
Older persons in countries with economies in transition : designing a policy response : guidelines for practical strategies
Senior citizenship? : retirement, migration and welfare in the European Union
Health in old age : myth, mystery and management
Abstract (1 lehti). Summary (lehdet 27-33).
The economics of ageing
Minority elderly care in Europe : country profiles
