http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6444 social skills
social skills
A guide to negotiation and mediation
Emotional intelligence : an international handbook
Reading work : literacies in the new workplace
Clinical supervision as an interaction between the clinical educator and the student
How to instantly connect with anyone
Associations of group-based day care arrangements to indicators of adulthood sociability : the 32-year prospective young Finns study
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback (even when it is off-base, unfair, poorly delivered, and frankly, you're not in the mood)
Emotional capitalists : the new leaders : essential strategies for building your emotional intelligence and leadership success
The patron-driven library : a practical guide for managing collections and services in the digital age
Raise your social I.Q. : how to do the right thing in any situation
People skills : [a guide to effective practice in the human services]
The 7 powers of questions : secrets to successful communication in life and at work
Planning, implementing and evaluating social and emotional skills course for coaches
Promoting resilience : a resource guide on working with children in the care system
A meta-analysis of the effects of child sexual abuse characteristics on social functioning
Postmortem for a postmodernist
Designing an educational role-playing game for five to six year-olds
Professional communicative repertoires and trajectories of socialization into global working life
Nonviolent communication : a language of life
Communicating in groups : applications and skills
Strategies for building successful relationships with people on the autism spectrum : let's relate!
Social identity : international perspectives
Impacts of social skills in elderly people's care
Coaching college students with AD/HD : issues and answers
Organizing relationships : traditional and emerging perspectives on workplace relationships
Play as an occupation : assessing children's play performance in social context
Planning, implementing and evaluating a social and communication skills course for riding instructors
Early social cognition in three cultural contexts
The essentials of power, influence, and persuation
"A guide for librarians to develop a new relationship with technology that preserves the core mission of libraries while responding to the needs of a new generation of library clients"--Page xxii.
Social skills : are they important traits of a service employee?
Social skills games for children
Information literacy beyond Library 2.0
The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Childhood Social Development, Second Edition presents an authoritative and up-to-date overview of research and theory concerning a child's social development from pre-school age to the onset of adolescence. * Presents the most up-to-date research and theories on childhood social development * Features chapters by an international cast of leaders in their fields * Includes comprehensive coverage of a range of disciplinary perspectives * Offers all new chapters on children and the environment, cultural influences, history of childhood, interventions, and neuro-psychological perspectives * Represents an essential resource for students and researchers of childhood social development.
Young children's personal, social and emotional development
In Hip Hop Genius, Sam Seidel introduces an iteration of hip-hop education that goes far beyond the usual approach of studying rap music as classroom content and looks instead at deeply honoring the knowledge of urban students.
Developing social and emotional skills
How to win friends and influence people
Don't do that!
Provides tips, tricks, and skills to help young readers take control of their lives and make the journey to adulthood a fulfilling one
Lost at school : why our kids with behavioral challenges are falling through the cracks and how we can help them
Network your way to success : discover the secrets of the world's top connectors
Language in late modernity : interaction in an urban school
Social interaction and personal relationships
Journey toward the caring classroom : using adventure to create community in the classroom and beyond
Tunnetaitoja sosiaalialan ammattilaisille = Emotional skills for social professionals
Flirting 101 : how to charm your way to love, friendship, and success
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
Agreed! : improve your powers of influence
The art of storytelling : telling truths through telling stories
Counselling skills in everyday life
How people tick : a guide to difficult people and how to handle them
Influence : the psychology of persuasion
The primacy effect : the ultimate guide to effective personal communications
This encyclopaedic resource is both a scholarly and practical survey that examines the vast topic of Emotional Intelligence (EI). Bringing together various schools and ways of approaching EI, the contributors represent the field's most prominent researchers, academics, and practitioners.
Interpersonal communication competence and collaborative interaction in SME internationalization
Social education in elementary schools
Communication skills for working with children and young people : introducing social pedagogy
A general theory of emotions and social life
Leadership : the power of emotional intelligence : selected writings
The power of positive no : how to say no and still get to yes
This text provides a comprehensive treatment using multiple theoretical perspectives to understand and examine all workplace relationships. It helps readers broaden and enrich the ways they think about workplace relationships and their role in organizational processes.
101 ways to connect with your customers, chiefs, and co-workers
Negotiate to win : the 21 rules for successful negotiation
Skilled interpersonal communication : research, theory, and practice
INITIATING CULTURE OF LEADERSHIP IN A LOGISTICS COMPANY
No room for bullies : lesson plans for grades 9-12
Effective personal communication skills for public relations
Learning social literacy
Rip it up : the radically new approach to changing your life
Enrich your personal and work relationships with the art of compassionate communication. What if you could defuse tension and create accord in even the most volatile situations just by changing the way you speak? Over the past 35 years, Marshall Rosenberg has done just that, peacefully resolving conflicts in families, schools, businesses, and governments in 30 countries on 5 continents.
Impediments to knowledge sharing in the interpersonal relationships of business consultants
Teamwork and team building : soft skills for a digital workplace
100 things to know before you grow up
It's mine!
Social skills and personal problem solving : a handbook of methods
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
The pupils' emotional coping in the mathematics lessons in the primary school
Teacher effectiveness training
Before your very eyes : a pilot study on an observational group assessment of interpersonal skills
Games people play : the psychology of human relationships
Your total image
Social skills for nursing practice
Communicate to win
104 activities that build : self-esteem, teamwork, communition, anger management, self-discovery and coping skills
Professional coaches' self-reported emotional skills and well-being : a cluster analytic approach
LEGO®-based therapy : how to build social competence through LEGO®-based clubs for children with autism and related conditions
Reading Work explores changing understandings of literacy and its place in contemporary workplace settings. It points to new questions and dilemmas to consider in planning and teaching workplace education. By taking a social perspective on literacies in the workplace, this book challenges traditional thinking about workplace literacy as functional skills, and enables readers to see the complexity of literacy practices and their embeddedness in culture, knowledge and action. A mixture of ethnographic studies, analysis, and personal reflections makes these ideas accessible and relevant to a wide range of readers in the fields of adult literacy and language education and helps to bridge the divide between theory and practice in the field of workplace education. Reading Work: Literacies in the New Workplace features: four distinct but related ethnographies of literacy use in contemporary workplaces; a social practice view of literacy brought to the workplace; collaborative research undertaken by experienced workplace educators and academics working in the areas of adult literacy and second language learning; implications chapters for both practice and theory--presented not as a series of steps but rather as reflections by seasoned educators on shared dilemmas; and engaging, accessible writing that encourages workplace practitioners to read, learn from, and do their own research.
Supportive communication in Finnish men's friendships
Participating student, co-active school : guide for student association's supervising teacher
An up-to-the-minute adaptation of Dale Carnegie's timeless, commonsense approach to communicating. In today's world, where more and more of our communication takes place across wires and screens, Carnegie's lessons have not only lasted but become all the more critical.
Getting from me to we : how to help young childre fit in and make friends
Neurocognitive functioning and social competence in preschool children with epilepsy
How do teachers benefit from training on social interaction skills? : developing and utilising an instrument for the evaluation of teachers' social and emotional learning
Captivology : the science of capturing people's attention
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
School problems in human relations
Learning English informally through authentic literacy practices : a case study of Finnish 8th grade students
How good is your IQ?
Essential leadership: develop your leadership qualities through theory and practice
Her ladyship's guide to modern manners
The handbook of emotional intelligence : the theory and practice of development, evaluation, education, and application at home, school, and in the workplace
Social problem solving in school context : students' conceptions of school bullying
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of childhood social development
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
The 33 strategies of war
The 7 habits of highly effective people
The 50th law
Making social worlds : a communication perspective
"In the current monograph, we report on a series of eight studies in which we systematically assessed the social-cognitive skills of 1- to 3-year-old children in three diverse cultural settings. One group of children was from a Western, middle-class cultural setting in rural Canada and the other two groups were from traditional, small-scale cultural settings in rural Peru and India. In the first group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's most basic social-cognitive skills for understanding the intentions and attention of others: imitation, helping, gaze following, and communicative pointing. Children's performance in these tasks was mostly similar across cultural settings. In a second group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's skills in participating in interactive episodes of collaboration and joint attention.... In the final pair of studies, we assessed 2- to 3-year old children's skills within two symbolic system (pretense and pictorial)."--Abstract.
Trust works! : four keys to building lasting relationships
The handbook of emotional intelligence : theory, development, assessment, and application at home, school, and in the workplace
Key competences for lifelong learning : European reference framework
Yes! : 50 scientifically proven ways to be persuasive
Operational excellence competence development of a product development manager
Hip hop genius : remixing high school education
How to get what you want without having to ask
Improving social competence : a resource for elementary school teachers
Human relations for career and personal success
A time and place for everything? : social visualisation tools and critical literacies
School engagement in three Senegalese secondary schools
Improving the effectiveness of staff training in a hotel : case study: Hotel X
Social competence of deaf and hard-of-hearing children
Social intelligence : the new science of human relationships
Social skills training manual : assessment, programme design and management of training
Social competence at the beginning of primary school : Comparative study of social cognitive competence among English and Finnish children at the beginning of formal school education in each country
I'm stuck, you're stuck : break through to better work relationships and results by discovering your DiSC behavioral style
Using Blob tools to express feelings and emotions in occupational  therapy : experiences from five Finnish Occupational Therapists
Social skills at work
Language learners' seeking paths and strategies : one dimension of digital literacy
The usage of social media among young adults living in Nairobi, Kenya : only entertainment or contributions to societal change?
Implementation of a social and emotional learning programme in physical education : a teacher's action research study
Contemporary perspectives on research on bullying and victimization in early childhood education
Social competence and loneliness during the school years : issues in assessment, interrelations and intergenerational transmission
How to win friends and influence people in the Digital Age
