http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6448 work with the elderly
work with the elderly
Social work with older people : approaches to person-centred practice
Gerontology : perspectives and issues
Basic geriatric nursing
Spanish Home Care. Policies and consequences on a micro level
Age and Ageing
Mapping the value network potential in cross-sector collaboration : case welfare services for elderly
Community volunteers in Japan : everyday stories of social change
Humanity comes of age : the new context for ministry with the elderly
Promoting healthy aging
Development project as driving change in elderly care
Reminiscence and recall : a practical guide to reminiscence work
Summary in Finnish.
Book of abstracts : Work among the Elderly ICCEF 2011 : thirteenth International ICCEF Conference on Combined Actions and Combined Effects of Environmental Factors in Tampere, Finland, 11-14 September 2011
Client satisfaction for eldery in Karstula nursing home
Ethics in community-based elder care
Matteson & McConnell's gerontological nursing : concepts and practice
Religion, belief and social work : making a difference
Researching older people's nursing : the gap between theory and practice
Care planning for the older adult : nursing diagnosis in long-term care
Working with elder abuse : a training manual for home care, residential and day care staff
Alcohol use among elderly at home care
Aging and spirituality : spiritual dimensions of aging theory, research, practice, and policy
The nursing of the elderly sick : a practical handbook of geriatric nursing
Outcomes of the active at 60 community agent programme
Care between work and welfare in European societies
Age and dignity : working with older people
Occupational therapy with elders strategies for the COTA
Alcohol use is one of the problems within elderly that had not been studied enough. The purpose of this thesis was to describe how widespread alcohol problem is among elderly who are under the home care services. The idea of this research arose from the experience I had when I was doing my elderly nursing care practice and I observed how alcohol affected their health. This research was quantitative. The data was gathered by interviewing the clients with the pre-made questionnaire forms. Most of the clients were excited about the interviews and some were even happy to be visited. The result of the data gathered was analyzed in the end, by using the descriptive method. Results were displayed through frequencies, averages and percentages. One aim of this thesis was to also collect and present this information to the home care unit, in order for them to do some proper actions through the nursing care plan. There were 20 interviewees who participated in the research. Only few among the elderly interviewed had visible alcohol problem. As outcome it was pleasing to find out that the alcohol problem among elderly is not that common than what I had expected. Based on this research there are clear conclusion to be made. The alcohol problem among elderlies in the home care is not a common problem, but the healthcare workers should still consider these clients more so that they could get necessary help and information regarding the dangers of alcohol.
The care of the geriatric patient
Social work and dementia : good practice and care management
Strategies of care : changing elderly care in Italy and the Netherlands
RECO - regions in collaboration to improve health and quality of life for elderly
Clinical gerontological nursing : a guide to advanced practice
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Reforms in long term care policies in Europe : investigating institutional change and social impacts
Nurses' perceptions and support of elderly loneliness in nursing homes
Social work with older people
Community-dwelling older people in inpatient rehabilitation : Physiotherapists' and clients' accounts of treatments, and observed interaction during group sessions
Caring for older people : An assessment of community care in the 1990s
Abstract: Informal care in the context of social policy.
Work among the elderly
ARVO-project : interdisciplinary teaching development
Multi-professional view on health and culture of elderly immigrants
Art for Empowerment : One-on-one art sessions with dementia patients
The whole municipality working together for older people : perspectives on the development of elderly people's independent living, care and services
Refurbishing the elderly care : evidences and theoretical targets : special issue August 2006.
Facilitating arts-based methods in elderly care : a multiple case study on organizations
Gerontological nursing : an advanced practice approach
Ageing in contexts of migration
This newest edition of a core graduate level textbook has added six new chapters to further enrich the “gerontological imagination,” and encourage an interdisciplinary approach to the study of aging. Academically rigorous yet clear and accessible, the text provides the most current findings from leading gerontological researchers and practitioners. New and updated chapters examine biology, exercise science/nutrition, communication science, geriatric medicine and nursing, demography, anthropology, economics, human development, psychology, political science, sociology, social work, and law, to provide broadly drawn perspectives on the study of aging. Special emphasis is placed on current challenges regarding policy and service delivery in the face of fiscal uncertainty. Additionally, this new edition covers international outlooks on aging given the increasing influence of globalization on individual lives. By interweaving knowledge from a broad range of disciplines, Wilmoth and Ferraro have created a comprehensive picture of gerontology today that will enhance course instruction and provide a new window into the future of the discipline.
Aged and respite care in Australia : extracts from recent publications
Elderly in home care : in municipalities Pello, Rantsila and Tervola in Northern Finland : report of sustainable rural health care networks project 1st June 2005 - 1st September 2007
Pastoral care of older adults : creative pastoral care and counseling
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
Working with older people
Critical issues in social work with older people
Parish nursing : a handbook for the new millennium
Ageing with a lifelong disability : a guide to practice, program, and policy issues for human services professionals
Social work with adults
Working with older people and their families
Making aging in place work
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2009 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2009 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2009
Handbook of aging and the social sciences
Managing integrated care for older persons : European perspectives and good practices
Work among the elderly ICCEF 2011 : thirteenth International ICCEF Conference on Combined Actions and Combined Effects of Environmental Factors in Tampere, Finland, 11 -14 September 2011 : book of abstracts
Evidence-based geriatric nursing protocols for best practice
Gerontological social work practice in the community
Journal of gerontological social work
Social construction of entering clienthood in gerontological social work
Abstract: This final project was realised in co-operation with the Ageing Migrants-activity, which functions under The Central Union for the Welfare of the Aged. This is a functional final project, which consists of a handbook for the instructors working with elderly Somalis in Finland with the aim of supporting the empowerment of the clients. The instructor's handbook is designed to be used together with a handbook for elderly Somalis.    The theoretical framework was empowerment through awakening. This report explains how empowerment and the instructor's role together with the product of the final project can help the elderly Somalis to cope in certain everyday situations in Finland. The report explains the process of the handbooks; initial planning, making, testing, evaluating, finalizing, marketing and distributing it as well as future possibilities of the product.    The client's handbook was done according to simplified language principles by using Finnish and Somali. It was desined to be used both with illiterate and literate clients. The instructor's handbook includes the same material as the client's handbook and instructions for implimenting the group sessions.    The results of testing the handbooks showed that the product supports the empowerment of elderly Somalis. Future possibilities would be to translate the handbooks into different languages and to change them to suit different cultures for using the product with other client groups.
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
Social work practice with older people : a positive person-centred approach
Aging : concepts and controversies
Health and well-being for older people : foundations for practice
Nursing for wellness in older adults
Summary.
Resources, needs and outcomes in community-based care : a comparative study of the production of welfare for elderly people in ten local authorities in England and Wales
Social work practice with the elderly
The short guide to social work
Check Marks for the Knowledge of Ageing : Working for a Change in North Karelia!
Older rehabilitees’ life course agency in Finnish gerontological rehabilitation
Caring for the person with dementia : underpinning knowledge for frontline workers in adult social care
Refurbishing elderly care : strategy of cost efficiency in theory and practice
International Nursing Conference : "Care of the Elderly" 30th - 31th May 1995 : Abstracts
Societal mechanisms for maintaining competence in old age
The essentials of health care of the elderly
Citizenship and the ethics of care : feminist considerations on justice, morality and politics
Community-dwelling older people in patient rehabilitation : physiotherapists' and clients' accounts of treatments, and observed interaction during group sessions
Pain management for postoperative nephrectomy in elderly patients: a literature review
Local welfare policy making in European cities
This book focuses on how EU welfare policies are implemented at the local level in 11 European cities and how local policy making addresses womenś care responsibilities. The book studies the complex combination of and the relationships between local political processes, policies, institutions, structural conditions and outputs, as well as outcomes for the womenś labour market integration. It demonstrates how cultural settings and multi-level governance patterns form the "playground" for local policy makers to formulate their welfare policies concerning service provision. The book further demonstrates how local production systems and the situation of the local labour market influence the prospects that women have in working and caring. EU welfare policy promotes the labour market integration of women as well as gender equality. The provision of adequate care services is vital in supporting womenś employment. Within comparative welfare research, the focus has been on the national welfare systems and policies even if care services are overwhelmingly provided by local authorities that in many EU member states enjoy considerable autonomy. This book fills the gap in understanding local welfare policy making from a comparative perspective.
Labors of love : nursing homes and the structures of care work
Abstract (1 lehti). Summary (lehdet 27-33).
The book makes an original and innovative contribution to the study of child and elder care in that it analyses new tensions that are related to different types and dimensions of care in the context of recent welfare state reforms. It provides insight into the history of theoretical concepts related to care, and the theoretical framework of 'tensions'. Analyses relate to new tensions that are connected with different types of formal and informal child and elderly care, and with migration related to care. Also, tensions within care cultures, and between the cultural and the institutional framework of care are analysed. Moreover, it is shown if and under which conditions welfare state reforms have contributed to strengthen existing tensions or even to create new tensions, and under which conditions they have contributed to relax such tensions. The volume brings together high-ranking experts in the field of research on welfare and work from different disciplines and from different European countries.
Coordinating eldercare in the community : care management as a mode to implement welfare mix in Japan
Impacts of social skills in elderly people's care
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Expectations and visions of elderly care among people aged 50-59 years : the report of transnational survey in Finland, the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary & The country report of Finland (in Finnish)
An investigation of geriatric nursing problems in hospital
Nursing students and older people nursing : towards a future career
"Care of the elderly" : international nursing conference : 30th-31st May 1995, Oulainen College of Health Care, Finland : abstracts
Journal of gerontological nursing
Ageing and caring as couples with cisabilities
"Every day for the next twenty years, more than 10,000 people in the United States will turn 65. With life expectancies increasing as well, many of these Americans will eventually require round-the-clock attention and we have only begun to prepare for the challenge of caring for them. In Labors of Love, Jason Rodriquez examines the world of the fast-growing elder care industry, providing a nuanced and balanced portrait of the day-to-day lives of the people and organizations that devote their time to supporting America's aging population. Through extensive ethnographic research, interviews with staff and management, and analysis of internal documents, Rodriquez explores the inner workings of two different nursing homes one for-profit and one non-profit to understand the connections among the administrative regulations, the professional requirements, and the type of care provided in both types of facilities. He reveals a variety of challenges that nursing home care workers face day to day: battles over the budget; the administrative hurdles of Medicaid and Medicare; the employees' struggle to balance financial stability and compassionate care for residents. Yet, Rodriquez argues, nursing home workers give meaning and dignity to their work by building emotional attachments to residents and their care. An unprecedented study, Labors of Love brings new insight into the underlying structures of a crucial and expanding sector of the American health care system"--Provided by publisher.
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Catch the age wave : a handbook for effective ministry with senior adults
Reminiscence stick : a handbook
Transforming palliative care in nursing homes : the social work role
The older person's adaptation and the promotion of adaptation in home nursing care : action research of intervention through training based on the Roy Adaptation Model
Care and women's emancipation have often been seen as opposed. Politicians have begun to look again at the issue of care in the context of new reforms in the welfare state, health care policies and family law. Using concrete examples taken from parental rights cases, health care education and the public health sector. Using concrete examples taken from the practice and discourse of care, those found in parental rights issues, health care education, the family and in the public health sector, Sevenhuijsen argues for revaluation of care from a feminist perspective.
Physical capacity and workload among ageing workers
Empirical Study of the Use and Exploitation of TAPE- Accident Reporting and Monitoring Program in Elder Care in Kouvola (accident project)
Dementia : new skills for social workers
Social work with older people : context, policy and practice
Occupational therapy with older people
