http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6459 deportation
deportation exile (punishment)
Research in international law. Extradition, jurisdiction with respect to crime, law of treaties
Judicial control of administrative descretion in the expulsion end extradition of aliens
A great and noble scheme : the tragic story of the expulsion of the French Acadians from their American Homeland
"A fifth of West Germany's post-1945 population consisted of ethnic German refugees expelled from Eastern Europe, a quarter of whom came from Silesia. As the richest territory lost inside Germany's interwar borders, Silesia was a leading objective for territorial revisionists, many of whom were themselves expellees. The Lost German East examines how and why millions of Silesian expellees came to terms with the loss of their homeland. Applying theories of memory and nostalgia, as well as recent studies on ethnic cleansing, Andrew Demshuk shows how, over time, most expellees came to recognize that the idealized world they mourned no longer existed. Revising the traditional view that most of those expelled sought a restoration of prewar borders so they could return to the east, Demshuk offers a new answer to the question of why, after decades of violent upheaval, peace and stability took root in West Germany during the tense early years of the Cold War"--Provided by publisher.
Unknown soldier. Vol. 1 : Haunted house
Extradition, politics and human rights
The irregularization of migration in contemporary Europe : detention, deportation, drowning
Ravenspur : rise of the Tudors
Security of residence and expulsion of aliens in Europe
Transnational aspects of criminal procedure
The Oxford handbook of refugee and forced migration studies
Lithuania, independent again : the autobiography of Vytautas Landsbergis
Immigration and asylum law and policy of the European Union
The pagan lord
The origin of ostracism. : asynthesis
Abstract (s. 4). Conclusion (s. 281-288).
The lost German East : forced migration and the politics of memory, 1945-1970
The brand new novel in Bernard Cornwell's number one bestselling series on the making of England and the fate of his great hero, Uhtred of Bebbanburg.
Closed borders : the contemporary assault on freedom of movement
Finland and Siberia
Broad is my native land : repertoires and regimes of migration in Russia's twentieth century
Expulsion and detention of aliens in the European Union countries = L'ěloignement et la dťention des ťrangers dans les ťats membres de l'Union Europěnne
The flame bearer
International criminal law and procedure
The Acadian diaspora : an eighteenth-century history
The deportees of Malta and the Armenian question
The darkest hour : a novel
The expellee organizations and West German Ostpolitik, 1949-1969
Deportation nation : outsiders in American history
Language of the land : the Mapuche in Argentina and Chile
European journal of migration and law
Aspects of extradition law
Forever malleable : the field as a reflexive encounter
The expulsion of the Jews from Spain
The darkest hour
The consolidated asylum and migration acquis : the EU directives in an expanded Europe
International law and the movement of persons between states
Non-expulsion and non-refoulement : the prohibition against removal of refugees with special reference to articles 32 and 33 of the 1951 Convention relating to the status of refugees
International criminal law. Vol. 2, Procedural and enforcement mechanisms
Us & them : the dangerous politics of immigration control / Bridget Anderson
International law opinions : Selected and annotated. Volume 2, Peace
Imaginary homelands of writers in exile : Salman Rushdie, Bharati Mukherjee, and V. S. Naipaul
Us and them? : the dangerous politics of immigration control
Unknown soldier. Vol. 2 : Easy kill
Was it genocide? : The Armenian massacres of world war one
Expulsion in international law : a study in international aliens law and human rights with special reference to Finland
Convict maids : the forced migration of women to Australia
Exile in colonial Asia : kings, convicts, commemoration
Europeanizing contention : the protest against "fortress Europe" in France and Germany
Mass expulsion in modern international law and practice
The magician's land
From England to France : felony and exile in the High Middle Ages
People on the move : forced population movements in Europe in the Second World War and its aftermath
The deportees of Malta and the Armenian allegations
Monarchy and exile : the politics of legitimacy from Marie de Médicis to Wilhelm II
Judicial control of administrative discretion in the expulsion and extradition of aliens
Unknown soldier. [Vol. 4] : Beautiful world
Song of the Saurials
Using detailed studies of fifteen exiled royal figures, the role of Exile in European Society and in the evolution of national cultures is examined. From the Jacobite court to the exiled Kings' of Hanover, the book provides an alternative history of monarchical power from the 16th to 20th century.
Exile in the Middle Ages : selected proceedings from the International Medieval Congress, University of Leeds, 8-11 July 2002
Unknown soldier. Vol. 3 : Dry season
Napoleon : the immortal of St. Helena
Exile and religious identity, 1500-1800
The politics of exile in Renaissance Italy
"When Orhan's brilliant and eccentric grandfather, who built a dynasty out of making kilim rugs, is found dead in a vat of dye, Orhan inherits the decades-old business. But his grandfather's will raises more questions than it answers. Kemal has left the family estate to a stranger thousands of miles away, an aging woman in a retirement home in Los Angeles. Her existence and secrecy about her past only deepen the mystery of why Orhan's grandfather would have left their home to this woman rather than to his own family"--Dust jacket.
The Jacobites at Urbino : an exiled court in transition
The universal declaration of human rights : Finland
The migration acquis handbook : the foundation for a common European migration policy
The developing immigration and asylum policies of the European Union : adopted conventions, resolutions, recommendations, decisions and conclusions
Finland and the holocaust : the rescue of Finland's Jews
On the ideological front : the Russian intelligentsia and the making of the Soviet public sphere
Protection schemes for victims of trafficking in selected EU member countries, candidate and third countries
The deportation regime : sovereignty, space, and the freedom of movement
Orhan's inheritance : a novel
"At the height of the Middle Ages, a peculiar system of perpetual exile--or abjuration--flourished in Western Europe. It was a judicial form of exile, not political or religious, and it was meted out to felons for crimes deserving of severe corporal punishment or death. From England to France explores the lives of these men and women who were condemned to abjure the English realm, and draws on their unique experiences to shed light on a medieval legal tradition until now very poorly understood. William Chester Jordan weaves a breathtaking historical tapestry, examining the judicial and administrative processes that led to the abjuration of more than seventy-five thousand English subjects, and recounting the astonishing journeys of the exiles themselves. Some were innocents caught up in tragic circumstances, but many were hardened criminals. Almost every English exile departed from the port of Dover, many bound for the same French village, a place called Wissant. Jordan vividly describes what happened when the felons got there, and tells the stories of the few who managed to return to England, either illegally or through pardons. From England to France provides new insights into a fundamental pillar of medieval English law and shows how it collapsed amid the bloodshed of the Hundred Years' War"--
