http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6453 humidity
humidity
Clubroot, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin, is a serious plant disease of cruciferous plants. A field survey of occurrence of clubroot in oilseed fields was conducted in Finland in 2007−2009 and in 1984−1989. At present, the disease is distributed throughout the oilseed cultivation area. Clubroot was found on average from 30% of fields, but its severity was low; fields with high numbers of infected plants and plants with severe symptoms were rare. According to the survey, cultivation frequency of cruciferous plants is the most important factor affecting clubroot occurrence and severity. Clubroot was found in soils with a wide range of pH-values (pH 5-7.6), but symptoms were most severe at low pH. According to the survey, and greenhouse and field trials, high temperature and moisture during the early growth period seem to favour disease development and can cause significant yield losses. In a survival trial, clubroot declined to close to zero after four years in the absence of host plants, but traces of the pathogen were still detectable after a 19-year trial period, making eradication of the pathogen very difficult.
Handbook of temperature measurement. Vol. 1, Temperature and humidity measurement
Development of pedotransfer functions in soil hydrology
Abstract.
Seed moisture content during chilling and heat stress effects after chilling on the germination of common alder and downy birch seeds
Application of ground penetrating radar and radio wave moisture probe techniques to peatland investigations
Effect of wood cell structure on diffusion properties : sorption tests
A method to model wood by using ABAQUS finite element software. Part 1, Constitutive model and computational details
Moisture content of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) stump wood at clear cutting areas and roadside storage sites
2nd International Symposium on Sensors in Horticulture, Tune Landboskole, Greve, Denmark, 21-26 August 1995
Clothing physiological properties of cold protective clothing and their effects on human experience
Moisture transport and sorption in wood and plywood : theoretical and experimental analysis originating from wood cellular structure
Modelling of heat and moisture transfer in buildings : applications to indoor thermal and moisture control
Intercomparison of humidity generators at PTB and CMA
HAM and mould growth analysis of a wooden wall
Handbook of air conditioning and refrigeration
Dielectrophoresis as a tool for on-chip positioning of DNA and electrical characterization of nanoscale DNA
Moisture measurement in concrete constructions exposed to temperature and moisture variations : Nordic Mini-seminar of the Nordic Concrete Federation, Espoo, Finland 22.8.1997
Plant and soil water relationship
The museum environment
Growth and productivity of haricot bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) under different moisture and light regimes = Vekst og produktivitet hos hagebønne (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) ved ulik tilgang på vatn og lys
Various environmental conditions (heat waves and drought events) strongly affect leaf and xylem phenology. Disentangling the influence of temperature, precipitation and soil moisture content (AWR) on the forest productivity remains an important research area. We analyzed the impact of climate variability on the leaf phenology (10 sample trees) and radial growth (17 sample trees) of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.). The study was conducted on 130-year-old European beech trees growing in a temperate forest stand in the Czech Republic. Detailed 20-year phenological monitoring was performed at the study site (1992-2011). As expected, leaf phenological events were mainly driven by the growing season temperatures. Leaf unfolding was highly affected positively by spring temperatures and the top-layer (to 40 cm) AWR in March. The correlation of tree-ring width with the interpolated climate data was positive significant for the growing season AWR and precipitation signal. Furthermore, the water availability in the top soil layer was found to be an important predictor of tree growth and extremely low growth occurrence. The extended phenological growing season, which was caused by a temperature increase, was not followed by an increased tree-ring width. The examined relationships point out the significance of the water availability in the top soil layer in European beech stands..
Limiting phenomena related to the use of iron ore pellets in a blast furnace
Field investigations of moisture problems in buildings. Part 2, Measuring moisture in buildings
High precision VIB AirTech[sup Plus 6] water moisturization system in Optiload Twinline in Kvarnsveden PM 12
The effects of soil moisture and temperature on carbon allocation of Scots pine seedlings
Building physics in the Nordic countries : Building Physics '96, Espoo, Finland, September 9-10, 1996 : proceedings of the 4th symposium. Vol. 2.
Soil-water-solute process characterization : an integrated approach
Dynamics of hygroexpansion
Comparison of the dew-point temperature measurement results of CETIAT and CMA
Water activity in foods : fundamentals and applications
The climate of Tierra del Fuego from a vegetation geographical point of view and its ecoclimatic counterparts elsewhere
Hydrological properties of peat-based growth media
Handbuch der Pflanzenphysiologie = Encyclopedia of plant physiology. Bd. 16, Aussenfaktoren in Wachstum und Entwicklung
Post-Installable Automatic Adjustment Device for Air Conditioner
Weight increase of some lichens as related to carbon dioxide exchange and thallus moisture
Influence of wood moisture content to material reaction to fire
Moisture content of Norway spruce stump wood at clear cutting areas and roadside storage sites
Fluttering in drying section
Microbial exposure and health in schools : effects of moisture damage and renovation
Abstract: Inside or outside insulation of a log wall.
Comparison of dew-point temperature calibrations
Variation in forest fire ignition probability in Finland
An introduction to meteorological instrumentation and measurement
CO2 fluxes in peatlands under varying temperature and moisture conditions
Moisture control handbook : principles and practices for residential and small commercial buildings
Exploiting ground-based measurements of the Global Positioning System for numerical weather prediction
Accurary and functionality of hand held wood moisture content meters
Mechanical properties of bamboo
Fluid mechanics of the atmosphere
Infrared moisture measurement of paper, board and pulp
Drying of pulpwood in northern Finland
On geoclimatic variation in basic density of Scots pine wood
Studies of water vapor transport and sorption in wood
The subject of the work was fluttering in the drying section. Fluttering means that the paper web edges flutter and it occurs mostly in the open draws of the drying section. Fluttering is a harmful phenomenon because it could cause edge cracks and impair runnability of the paper machine or supercalender. Inspecting fluttering is difficult and therefore in this thesis some of the tests were video recorded and others were followed visually. The purpose of the work was to study the reasons which affect the paper web fluttering and to find solutions for it. Effects of the adjustments which were done were followed and it was noticed that they had often some other effects on process. It was also noticed that reasons of the edge cracks could be depending on the paper web properties and adjustments of the paper machine. It was found that the most important reason for fluttering was air flows of the hood. In the big scale hood air amounts were controlled with the exhaust and supply air adjustments. Those adjustments did not affect fluttering but instead of that they had an effect on the zero level and the heat recovery. Supply air was blown to the drying section through the pocket ventilators. Pocket ventilators air amounts were controlled with valves and it was the most effective way to control fluttering. Other effective adjustments were the speed differences between the drying groups. Fluttering improved when the draw was lower. Lower draw decreased drying efficiency but running with the lower draws decreases the amount of the edge cracks. Drying profiles during the drying section were inspected with the thermographic camera. It was found that the edges dried slower than the middle regime because of the too wide web. The effect of the drying was tested with the narrowed web and it was noticed that the fluttering decreased. However this cannot be used because of the minimum width of the supercalender. The results can be used to decrease the amount of fluttering and to improve runnability. It was found that decreasing of fluttering could be a difficult because adjustments affect many other process variables or solutions are expensive. According to the results it would be a good to study more drying groups speed differences to achieve better runnability. Hood ventilation and especially exhaust air moisture control should be optimized and changed to automatic controlled.
Conductivity measurements of DNA TX tile and origami structures
Drying phenomena : theory and applications
Moisture transport in wood through cell structure : transient-cup test and results
Modified vapor generation system
The moisture equilibrium of softwoods above the fibre saturation point at the heartwood-sapwood boundary
Rapid and accurate biofuel moisture content gauging using magnetic resonance measurement technology
Characterization of thermally modified wood by NMR spectroscopy : microstructure and moisture components
Moisture behavior of slab-on-ground structures
Handbook of cosmetic science and technology
Increasing air humidity - a climate trend predicted for northern latitudes - alters the chemical composition of stemwood in silver birch and hybrid aspen
Guidelines for humidity and temperatude for Canadian archives
Humidity control in outdoor-air-ventilated crawl spaces in cold climate by means of ventilation, ground covers and dehumidification
Moisture behavior in buildings : an integrated design and control strategy for energy efficient and healthy buildings
Moisture measurement in concrete constructions exposed to temperature and moisture variations : nordic mini-seminar of the Nordic Concrete Federation
Quantification of top soil moisture patterns : evaluation of field methods, process-based modelling, remote sensing and integrated approach
The vertical profiles of temperature and relative humidity associated with deep convection over tropical oceans
Humidity in monuments
Moisture measurements in building materials with microwaves = Rakennusmateriaalien kosteusmittauksia mikroaalloilla = Feuchtemessung mit Mikrowellen in Baumaterialien
Effects of climatic and nutritional factors on flowering, growth, and keeping quality of Eustoma grandiflorum (Raf.) Shinn
Microclimatic landscape design : creating thermal comfort and energy efficiency
Thermal and moisture protection manual : for architects, engineers, and contractors
Transpiration and water budgets of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.) dominated stands in relation to canopy structure
Soil moisture simulation : selected papers from the RICE and PILPS Moisture Workshop held at Macquarie University, Sydney, Australia in November, 1994
On the possibilities of floating bundles made of leaf-felled trees intended for fuel chips.
Holocene climate and environmental fluctuations from subfossil pines in Central Sweden
Environmental norms for Canadian museums, art galleries and archuves
Temperature and humidity characteristics of two willow stands, a peaty meadow and a drained pasture and their impact on landscape functioning
Field investigations of moisture problems in buildings. Part 6, Moisture in roofs
Methods and instrumentation for measuring moisture in building structures
An introduction into applied soil hydrology
Optimization of the pilot machine infrared dryer
Teachers' health in moisture-damaged schools : a follow-up study
Sick building syndrome : in public buildings and workplace
The washboard phenomenon in corrugated board, the emergence and preventative measures
Drying of wood samples in drying ovens
Timber : its nature and behaviour
Moisture Measuring of Building Materials
Damp buildings, old and new
Uncertainty in humidity measurements : publication of the Euromet workshop P758
Roadside storage of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) pulpwood - effect on moisture content of climate conditions, felling season and exposure
Soil-water interactions : mechanisms and applications
Response of Dendrobaena octaedra (Lumbricidae) and Cognettia sphagnetorum (Enchytraeidae) to moisture, pH and resource addition
Correcting stem girth measures for variations induced by soil moisture changes
Modeling moisture damage observations and their association with health symptoms
Skin hydration and natural moisturising factor
Harvesting Condensed Water in Dry Areas
Response of the leaf phenology and tree-ring width of European beech to climate variability
Environmental Degradation of Glass-fiber Reinforced Vinyl Ester : Public Part
Accuracy and functionality of hand held wood moisture content meters
Measurement system in a wooden apartment building : Data acquisition system and web user interface
Estimation of surface moisture variation in milled peat fields using infra-red methods
Moisture sorption : its fluctuation and inherent variation in kiln dried, commercial softwood boards
Drought-resistant soils : optimization of soil moisture for sustainable plant production : proceedings of the electronic conference organized by the FAO Land and Water Development Division, 15 November-18 December 2004
Moisture measuring of building materials
Moisture depth profiling in paper using near-infrared spectroscopy
A method to model wood by using ABAQUS finite element software. Part 2, Application to dowel type connections
The determination of moisture content of the aggregates with microwave ovens for the use of concrete production
Proceedings of an ECMWF/GEWEX workshop held at ECMWF on humidity analysis, 8-11 July 2002.
Wooden cladding boards in cyclic moisture conditions : studies of cupping, moisture distribution and swelling stress
Calibration of time domain reflectometry (DTR) for soil moisture measurements in cultivated peat soils = TDR-mittausten kalibrointi viljeltyjen turvemaiden kosteuden mittaamiseen
Seed Moisture : proceedings of a symposium sponsored by Divisions C-4 and C-2 of the Crop Science Society of America in Atlanta, Georgia, 30 Nov. 1987
Wood deterioration, protection, and maintenance
Technical bulletin : Canadian conservation institute
Cereal yield and nutrient uptake as affected by tillage, nitrogen and sulphur fertilization and biological N2, fixation in semiarid Ethiopia = Kornavling og næringsopptak påvirket av jordarbeiding, nitrogen- og sovelgjødsling og biologisk N-fiksering i tørre områder i Etiopia
Dielectric characterization of powdery substances using an indirectly coupled open-ended coaxial cavity resonator
Effect of compression wood on dimensional stability of medium density fiberboard
Building physics in the Nordic countries : proceeding of the 4th symposium. Vol. 1
Measuring water content of cultivated peat soils by TDR
Understanding psychrometrics
Water transport in brick, stone, and concrete
Mechanical ventilation systems in swimming pools
Kiln drying of lumber : fifteen questions and answers
A Study of Gas Emissions from Dry Toilets
Surface functionalization by atomic layer deposited binary oxide thin films
Climate and forest fires in Finland : influence of lightning-caused ignitions and fuel moisture
Tropical montane cloud forests
Inflammatory and cytotoxic potential of selected moldy house microbes in vitro
Ensuring the long service life of unheated buildings : evaluation methods to avoid moisture damage in unheated buildings
Studies of water transport in paper during short contact times
Field investigations of moisture problems in buildings. Part 5, Moisture in external walls
Floodplain forest ecosystem. 2, After water management measures
Nordic intercomparison for relative humidity
Temperature tolerance of invigorated seeds of Pinus sylvestris L. and Picea abies (L.) Karst. using the TTGP-test
Water in buildings : an architect's guide to moisture and mold
Moisture sorption : practical aspects of isotherm measurement and use
Properties and uses of New Zealand Radiata pine. Vol. 1, Wood properties
Field investigations of moisture problems in buildings. Part 1, Moisture mechanics in brief
Conservation of cultural heritage, Procedures and instruments for measuring humidity in the air and moisture exchanges between air and cultural property
Interfacial phenomena in pharmaceutical low moisture content powder processing
Characterizing moisture damaged buildings : environmental and biological monitoring
The Vetiver system for soil and water conservation : proven and green environmental solutions
Microwave dielectric behavior of wet soils
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011.
Landfill operation and waste management procedures in the reduction of methane and leachate pollutant emissions from municipal solid waste landfills
Field investigations of moisture problems in buildings. Part 4, Moisture in floors laid on the ground
A guide to the measurement of humidity
Wood humidity sensor
Advances in humidity measurement applications in metrology
Modelling of peat temperature and moisture profile
Occurrence of Plasmodiophora brassicae in Finnish turnip rape and oilseed rape fields
