http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6460 right of asylum
right of asylum
The emergence of a European asylum policy
Report on the situation of human rights in Brazil
Asylum law in the European Union
Refugees and asylum : a community perspective
Rights, deportation, and detention in the age of immigration control
Asylum migration to the European Union : patterns of origin and destination
Non-expulsion and non-refoulement : the prohibition against removal of refugees with special reference to articles 32 and 33 of the 1951 convention relating to the status of refugees
The member states of the EU and immigration in 1994 : less tolerance and tighter control policies
The recognition of the refugee status of the child
Non-expulsion and non-refoulement : the prohibition against removal of refugees with special reference to articles 32 and 33 of the 1951 Convention relating to the status of refugees
Negotiating asylum : the EU acquis, extraterritorial protection and the common market of deflection
Fragmented state power and forced migration : study on non-state actors in refugee law
Immigration, asylum and social integration
Proceedings of the 2nd colloquy on the European convention on Human Rights and the protection of refugees, asylum seekers and displaced persons organised jointly by the Council of Europe and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Strasbourg, 19-20 May 2000.
The International Organization for Migration 1951-2001
Refugees : the trauma of exile : the humanitarian role of Red Cross and Red Crescent
Implementing Amsterdam : immigration and asylum rights in EC law
Whose freedom, security and justice? : EU immigration and asylum law and policy
Complementary protection in international refugee law
This study deals with a constitutional principle of the EU: the rule of law. The EU Treaties leave no doubt that the rule of law is a 'universal value' on which the 'Union is founded'. This value is not bound to remain internal; EU external relations should also be guided by the principle. However, a lack of conceptual and legal clarity on the principle makes it uncertain how it guides external relations. The basic question this study poses is therefore what the role of the rule of law is in EU external relations. More specifically, this study analyses this role by focussing on the external dimension of EU migration and asylum policy. Over the years the EU has developed this external dimension of an originally internal policy field. Measures such as externalising border control, readmission of migrants to third states or mobility opportunities for third country nationals have been promoted. This relatively new area of EU external relations is characterised by a high degree of operational and human rights sensitive activities. For example, Frontex, the EU border agency, operates beyond Europe`s borders, sometimes on the basis of undisclosed working arrangements with third States.
New asylum countries : migration control and refugee protection in an enlarged European Union
EU annual report on human rights 2008
The right of asylum = Le droit dásile : selective bibliography
Executive summary (s. 1-9).
Who is a refugee? : a comparative case law study
Regional approaches to the protection of asylum seekers : an international legal perspective
The appellate organ in the asylum procedure
Refugee rights and realities : evolving international concepts and regimes
Taking the turn of this century as a starting point, when new legislation around detention, deportation and dispersal began to take effect, Contemporary Asylum Narratives identifies an emerging cultural engagement with asylum seekers and refugees in twenty-first-century Britain. Through a focus on authors, playwrights and filmmakers, this study brings literary and cultural criticism to bear on asylum issues by exploring the representational politics that determine our responses to the stateless individuals whose numbers are certain to increase in line with global economic and ecological crises. Making productive links between refugee studies and narrative fiction, Contemporary Asylum Narratives challenges critical concepts related to migration such as hospitality, cosmopolitanism and globalization. In doing so, the book marks a transition from older, diasporic modes of belonging to the need for identifications that account for the increasingly precarious and contingent migrations of the contemporary era.
Adjudicating refugee and asylum status : the role of witness, expertise, and testimony
United States of America : rights for all
Postcolonial asylum : seeking sanctuary before the law
The developing immigration and asylum policies of the European Union : adopted conventions, resolutions, recommendations, decisions and conclusions
The law and practice of extradition
Asylum and international law
Evidence in European Asylum Procedures
Rethinking refugee law
Statewatching the new Europe : a handbook on the European state
Blackstone's guide to the anti-terrorism legislation
Britain in the European Union : law, policy, and Parliament
International legal standards for the protection from refoulement : a legal analysis of the prohibitions on refoulement contained in the refugee convention, the European convention on human rights, the international covenant on civil and political rights and the convention against torture
Rethinking asylum : history, purpose, and limits
Protection of the right to seek and obtain asylum under the African human rights system
Debating right to asylum : a conceptual and rhetorical reading of the German post-war deliberations
Asylum and the European Convention on Human Rights
The collective responsibility of states to protect refugees
"Greece has shouldered a heavy burden in the global economic crisis, struggling with political and financial insecurity. Greece has also the most porous external border of the European Union, tasked with ensuring that the EU's boundaries are both "secure and humanitarian" and hosting enormous numbers of migrants and asylum seekers who arrive by land and sea. The recent leadership and fiscal crises have led to a breakdown of legal entitlements for both Greek citizens and those seeking refuge within the country's borders. On the Doorstep of Europe is an ethnographic study of the asylum system in Greece, tracing the ways asylum seekers, bureaucrats, and service providers attempt to navigate the dilemmas of governance, ethics, knowledge, and sociability that emerge through this legal process. Centering on the work of an asylum advocacy NGO in Athens, Heath Cabot explores how workers and clients grapple with predicaments endemic to Europeanization and rights-based protection. Drawing inspiration from classical Greek tragedy to highlight both the transformative potential and the violence of law, Cabot charts the structural violence effected through European governance, rights frameworks, and humanitarian intervention while also exploring how Athenian society is being remade from the inside out. She shows how, in contemporary Greece, relationships between insiders and outsiders are radically reconfigured through legal, political, and economic crises. In addition to providing a textured, on-the-ground account of the fraught context of asylum and immigration in Europe's borderlands, On the Doorstep of Europe highlights the unpredictable and transformative ways in which those in host nations navigate legal and political violence, even in contexts of inexorable duress and inequality."--Publisher's website
Asylum in Europe. Vol. 1, An introduction
The new asylum seekers : refugee law in the 1980s : the Ninth Sokol Colloquium on International Law
Migration and asylum law and policy in the European Union : FIDE 2004 national reports
Evidence in European asylum procedures
"This work examines the rules governing the right to asylum in the European Union. The book analyses a number of sources of law including international law, EU law and the case law of the European Court of Human Rights. The book considers the 1951 United Nations Convention relating to the Status of Refugees and the 1967 Protocol in order to understand the degree to which asylum obligations under international refugee law have been incorporated into the European Union. The book has a particular focus on the prohibition of refoulement the main obligation the EU law must confront. The dual nature of this principle is explored looking at both the obligation imposed upon a state to provide a fair procedure to determine the conditions of risk in the country of origin or destination, and also the obligation to refrain from or to respond to a possible expulsion. Through this investigation the book sheds light on the EU competence on asylum in relation to the different position of Members States"--
The state of the world's refugees 1993 : the challenge of protection
The early stages in the development of EU asylum policy studied through Andrew Moravcsik's rationalist framework of international cooperation
Fleeing homophobia : sexual orientation, gender identity and asylum
Refugee protection : a European challenge
No entry : immigration policy in Europe
Executive summaries: Spanish, Danish, German, Greek, French, Italian, Dutch, Portuguese, Finnish, Swedish (s. 203-301).
Evidence in the Finnish asylum procedure
Controlling the Swedish state : studies on formal and informal bodies of control
You shall love the stranger as yourself : the Bible, refugees and asylum
Give me shelter : stories about children who seek asylum
Research handbook on European social security law
International extradition and world public order
The rule of law in the external dimension of EU migration and asylum policy : organisational dynamics between legitimation and constraint
The use and abuse of political asylum in Britain and Germany
Asylum in Europe. Vol. 2, Review of refugee and asylum laws and procedures in selected European countries
Helping a world in motion : International Organization for Migration 1951-2001
Britannia's embrace : modern humanitarianism and the imperial origins of refugee relief
People on the move : new migration flows in Europe
Current international refugee law and issues
Europe and refugees : a challenge? = L'Europe et les réfugiés : un défi?
Territorial asylum
Asylum and migration policies in the European Union
The state of the world's refugees 1997-98 : a humanitarian agenda
The changing nature of persecution
Interpretation in the asylum process : guide for interpreters
The implementation of Schengen : first the widening, now the deepening
The status of refugees in international law. 2, Asylum, entry and sojourn
Schengen : internationalisation of central chapters of the law on aliens, refugees, privacy, security and the police
Securitization of human rights : North Korean refugees in East Asia
Migration law in Finland
Safe third countries : extending the EU asylum and immigration policies to Central and Eastern Europe
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
Trends in asylum migration to industrializad countries : 1990-2001
Migration and European integration : the dynamics of inclusion and exclusion
The asylum acquis handbook : the foundation for a common European asylum policy
Annual report of the Ombudsman for Minorities
The ethics and  politics of asylum : liberal democracy and the response to refugees
Transnational fugitive offenders in international law : extradition and other mechanisms
Limits of sovereignty? : rethinking the conflict between human rights and immigration in the European Union
Extraterritorial processing of asylum seekers : challenges for international human rights law
The state of the world's refugees 1995 : in search of solutions
Diasporic authenticity : connecting genes and building families through DNA-testing in Somali family reunification in Finland
The future of asylum in the European Union : problems, proposals and human rights
EU justice and home affairs law
Handbook on procedures and criteria for determining refugee status : under the 1951 Convention and the 1967 Protocol relating to the status of refugees
International law opinions : Selected and annotated. Volume 2, Peace
Immigration and asylum law and policy of the European Union
EU immigration and asylum law : a commentary on EU regulations and directives
Study on the feasibility of setting up resettlement schemes in EU Member States or at EU level, against the background of the common European asylum system and the goal of a common asylum procedure
The persecution of persons with disability and the duty of reasonable accommodation in the European Union’s Refugee Law
Textbook on immigration and asylum law
Scope and content: "On the eve of the American Revolution, the refugee was, according to British tradition, a Protestant who sought shelter from continental persecution. By the turn of the twentieth century, however, British refuge would be celebrated internationally as being open to all persecuted foreigners. Britain had become a haven for fugitives as diverse as Karl Marx and Louis Napoleon, Simón Bolívar and Frederick Douglass. How and why did the refugee category expand? How, in a period when no law forbade foreigners entry to Britain, did the refugee emerge as a category for humanitarian and political action? Why did the plight of these particular foreigners become such a characteristically British concern? Current understandings about the origins of refuge have focused on the period after 1914. Britannia's Embrace offers the first historical analysis of the origins of this modern humanitarian norm in the long nineteenth century. At a time when Britons were reshaping their own political culture, this charitable endeavor became constitutive of what it meant to be liberal on the global stage. Like British anti-slavery, its sister movement, campaigning on behalf of foreign refugees seemed to give purpose to the growing empire and the resources of empire gave it greater strength. By the dawn of the twentieth century, British efforts on behalf of persecuted foreigners declined precipitously, but its legacies in law and in modern humanitarian politics would be long-lasting. In telling this story, Britannia's Embrace puts refugee relief front and center in histories of human rights and international law and of studies of Britain in the world. In so doing, it describes the dynamic relationship between law, resources, and moral storytelling that remains critical to humanitarianism today"--.
UNHCR and the European asylum law
Les réfugiés et le droit international = Refugees and international law : documents
Seeking asylum in the European Union : selected protection issues raised by the second phase of the common European asylum system
"In this book, an array of legal, biomedical, psychosocial, and social science scholars and practitioners offer the first comparative account of the increasing dependence on expertise in the asylum and refugee status determination process. This volume presents a comprehensive study of the relevance of experts, as mediators of culture, who are called upon to corroborate, substantiate credibility, and serve as translators in the face of confusing legal standards that require proof of new forms and reasons for persecution around the globe. The authors draw upon their interactions with expertise and the immigration process to provide insights into the evidentiary burdens on asylum seekers and the expanding role of expertise in the forms of country-conditions reports, biomedical and psychiatric evaluations, and the emerging field of forensic linguistic analysis in response to emerging forms of persecution, such as gender-based or sexuality-based persecution. This book is essential reading for both scholars interested in the production of knowledge and clinicians considering the role of experts as mediators of asylum claims"--
Refugees, asylum-seekers and migrant workers
Refugee law in context : the exclusion clause
Le droit d'asile / The right of asylum / Hague Academy of International Law, Centre for Studies and Research in International law and International Relations
Refugees, asylum seekers and the rule of law : comparative perspectives
Legal and social conditions for asylum seekers and refugees in selected European countries
The human rights of non-citizens
Regent journal of international law : in collaboration with Handong International Law School / Vol. 7, issue 2
Pakolaisen oikeusasemasta Suomessa = Legal condition of refugees in Finland
Calculated kindness : refugees and America's half-open door, 1945 to the present
On the doorstep of Europe : asylum and citizenship in Greece
On cosmopolitanism and forgiveness
The principle of non-refoulement in European asylum law : problematic returns under the Dublin regulation
Commentary: the politics of trauma and asylum : universals and their effects
Human rights in the OSCE region : The Balkans, the Caucasus, Europe, Central Asia and North America : report 2002 (events of 2001)
The consolidated asylum and migration acquis : the EU directives in an expanded Europe
As in a game of dominos? : blancing universalism and particularism
Contemporary asylum narratives : representing refugees in the twenty-first century
Vulnerability in European law on asylum : a conceptualization under construction : study on reception conditions for asylum seekers = La vulnérabilité en droit européen de l'asile : une conceptualisation en construction : étude en matière de conditions d'accueil des demandeurs d'asile
Asylum procedure in Finland
Detention of asylum seekers in Europe : analysis and perspectives
Return migration : journey of hope or despair?
Migration, borders and asylum : trends and vulnerabilities in EU policy
EU migration law : legal complexities and political rationales
Asylum seekers and refugees in the contemporary world
Austria as a country of asylum
The uninvited : refugees at the rich man's gate
Proof, evidentiary assessment and credibility in asylum procedures
Negotiating Europe's immigration frontiers
Refugees : asylum in Europe?
The refugee in international law
Abstract (s. 4). Conclusion (s. 281-288).
Refugees and gender : law and process
Seeking asylum : comparative law and practice in selected European countries
