http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6468 construction works
construction works
User activity based workspace definition as an instrument for workplace management in multi-user organizations
Työturvallisuusmääräykset rakennusalalla, ammattilaisten suhtautuminen turvallisuuteen sekä määräysten tunteminen = The safety regulations of building trade, the workers attitude of safety code and recognition for provisions
Market operations of German construction firms in the People's Republic of China
Muuratut tuotteet = Masonry products
Erityiskohteiden ajallisen työnsuunnittelun ATK-sovellutus = ADP-application of schedules and resources planning for special projects
The international book of wood
The complete guide to a green home : the good citizen's guide to earth-friendly remodeling & home maintenence
Bonded labor : tackling the system of slavery in South Asia
Masonry : how to care for old and historic brick and stone
The Complete Guide To Windows & Doors : Step-by-Step Projects for Adding, Replacing & Repairing All Types of Windows and Doors
We'll call you if we need you : experiences of women working construction
According to the latest reports of United Nations, the biggest challenge facing the world at the  present and in the next decades is water scarcity. Trans-boundary water resources from history to  present either lead to cooperation or to confrontation and conflicts.  For the last six decades, it has not been possible to solve the Arab-Israeli conflict, and the water  issue has been raised as one of the keys for solving the conflict or having a successful discussion.  The history of the water conflict in the Middle East began by the foundation of the Israeli state in  1948. Since that time Israelis have tried to secure the state water supplies using different water  resources in the area. The rapidly growth of the driving forces (Nexus) has become a source of  numerous conflicts with their neighbours.  The whole area has suffered from water shortage and unsuccessful managing of the water  resources. Palestinians, Israelis, Jordanians, Syrians and Lebanese are sharing the major part of  their water resources, the Jordan River and the aquifer of the West Bank and Garza Strip being  the main sources of water resources for Israelis and for the Palestinians. Dividing the land will  not be a solution to water gaps. It is likely to make the situation even worse.  Several methods and tools have been developed worldwide to assist the riparians to manage their  own shared water resources, part of which are technical and other social -political methods.  Scarcity index is one technical numerical method developed to assist the parties to allocate the  shared water resources and to assist on recovering the water gaps. Based on the mentioned  methods numerous agreements have been made and discussions have been held between the  riparians to achieve peace and co-operation. Some of them have been implemented, the other  remain open due to the political changes in the area.
"From experience to innovation" : proceedings of the 13th Triennial Congress of the International Ergonomics Association, June 29 - July 4, 1997 Tampere, Finland. Volume 6, Agriculture and food industry, construction work, dental work, traffic safety
How to build wooden boats : with 16 small-boat designs
Classification of indoor environment 2008 : target values, design guidance, and product requirements
A case study : an analysis of a Finnish construction site meeting through the lens of chaos and control theories
Electronic projects for guitar
Building the nineteenth century
International Strategic Alliance Model : - A study of a Finnish construction company, Fira Oy, entering a new market.
Expert : English for construction workers
Alvar Aalto : the mark of the hand
Methods for Automated Civil Construction Production Control
Be a successful building contractor
Construction site security
Step-by step outdoor stonework : over twenty easy-to-build projects for your patio and garden
Civil engineering project procedure in the EC : proceedings of the conference organized by the Institution of Civil Engineers and held at Heathrow on 24-25 January 1991
The attractiveness of the work is affected when production of handcrafted log houses moves indoors
Reconstructing the pattern of a vernacular tradition
Improving Performance of Construction Projects
in the UAE:multi cultural and decent work perspectives
Guide to national building regulations : agreed format and example guide
Comparisons Between Occupational Health and Safety Cultures in Kenya and Finland
Construction workers and occupational health care
Collaboration in Discontinuous Innovation in the Construction Industry
Abstract: A case study :  an analysis of a Finnish construction site meeting through the lens of chaos and control theories. The purpose of the dissertation is to examine and analyse a Finnish construction site meeting through the lens of chaos and control theories and to determine why the construction site meeting did not work out well and how to solve the issues aroused in the meeting. As construction site meetings play a key role in the communication and integration between all crucial participants of construction site meetings, this study will contribute in understanding the meetings better and the nature of chaos and control in construction site meetings and how to make the construction site meetings more efficient. A qualitative analysis of a confidential Finnish construction site meeting was conducted and a critical review of chaos and control theories was carried out. Some chaotic aspects can be seen in the case study as the degree of control is fairly low making the meeting inefficient and long lacking of direction. In this case there is a need for control in construction site meetings because a higher degree of control instead of chaos in this construction site meeting will make the meetings more efficient whereas low level of control only lead to long discussions instead of innovation and creativity. However, as chaos and control theories have been applied only to this one particular case study the findings cannot be generalized into meetings. The end result of construction site meetings might also be dependent of the group dynamics, culture and background of the participants and therefore they need to be examined more.
Do-it-yourself housebuilding : the complete handbook
Production planning and management on a construction project
Woodworking projects for women
International Strategic Alliance Model : A study of a Finnish construction company, Fira Oy, entering a new market
Waterborne : a novel
Construction project scheduling and control
Introduction to health and safety in construction
Past and future heritage in the pipelines corridor : Azerbaijan, Georgia, Turkey
Construction productivity management
Construction, safety and campaigns : some notes on Finnish construction industry, its safety problems and possibilities of campaigns
Characteristics and management options for mixed construction waste residue
A Case Study: An Analysis of a Finnish Construction Site Meeting Through the Lens of Chaos and Control Theories
Water Gaps Connecting Neighbours from Conflict to Co-operation by Applying Scarcity Index
Comparisons between occupational health and safety cultures in Kenya and Finland
Iron road
Abstract: Strategic alliance is considered today as a natural and common alternative to employ when a firm plans to enter a new market with a stable and secure basis. In fact strategic alliance is more preferred entry option compared to acquisitions around the world across all industries. In alliances, like in all international operations there are risks, however many theorists as well as companies have understood the value of operating with a partner. Fira Oy (further referred to as 'Fira'), a construction firm in Finland has realised the potential in new markets and has decided to execute this prospect through strategic alliance with a local partner. Fira has done market research particularly in the Swedish market. It is a usual path for a Finnish company to expand its operations into the neighbouring economy. Alliances have been studied theoretically and practically for years, yet still no clear model for success exists. This research ties the theoretical points of view with practise together to advice Fira in entering a new market through strategic alliance. The framework for the research is organised in the following manner: Different theoretical strategic alliance modes are compared to find the most suitable for Fira and its operations. The second part of the research is to construct a partner profile by analysing the strategic and cultural characteristics of Fira. A cultural analysis is conducted to show the viewpoint of the employees toward Fira's company culture. From the results a partner culture fitting Fira is identified. The profile includes the strategic goals as well as the strategic capabilities the partner has to have. The strategic capabilities are discovered through a value chain analysis. Furthermore, the complementary capabilities to be performed by the partner for the alliance are determined. The final part of this research is risk in alliances. As mentioned above, there is risk in all international operations. In alliances companies often think it is reduced by half since the partner is responsible for half of the risk. However, risks often increase in other operational and environmental elements, making the risk factor one of the most significant factors to be considered when entering an alliance. The objective of this research is to construct a strategic alliance model for Fira, a construction business entering the Swedish market. The framework forms a basis for any international strategic alliance Fira considers to join in the future.
On the building site
The Gothic enterprise : a guide to understanding the Medieval cathedral
The modern technique of rock blasting
Residential construction problem solver
Floors : [step-by-step remodeling techniques]
A review on occupational health of the construction branch
Masonry & plastering
Summary.
Construction in the Nordic countries
Waste and Chemical Management on Wärtsilä Power Plant Construction Site
Basic construction management : the superintendent's job
TR : safety supervision on the building site
Bridges : 75 most spectacular bridges
Classification of indoor climate, construction, and finishing materials
Knee disorders in carpet and floor layers and painters
Construction management : principles and practice
The Complete guide to trim & finish carpentry : installing moldings, wainscoting & decorative trim
Water Gaps Connecting Neighbours from Conflict to  Co-operation by Applying Scarcity Index
The new Tampere Workers' Theatre
Improving performance of construction projects in the UAE : multi cultural and decent work perspectives
Classification of indoor climate 2000 : tarquet values, design guidance and product requirements
Delay analysis in construction contracts
Maintenance of electrical installations in buildings
Construction safety management
Accident risks and preventive measures in materials handling at construction sites
The development  and use of off-site construction techniques and its role in design quality in the indian construstion industry
Architectural origami  : create models of the world's great buildings
Promotion of the health of construction workers
Winter concreting in Finland
A mobile crusher for forest road construction
Systematic workplace survey : health and safety hazards in the construction industry
Bricklaying system
Fire safety in timber buildings : technical guideline for Europe
Construction safety engineering principles : designing and managing safer job sites
Windows & doors : [step-by-step remodeling techniques]
