http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6469 Hegelianism
Hegelianism
The open society and its enemies. Vol. 2, Hegel and Marx
Rethinking R. G. Collingwood : philosophy, politics and the unity of theory and practice
The philosophy of Hegel
Practical p[h]ilosophy and modernity : a study on the formation of Hegel's thought
The individual and national identity in J. V. Snellman's Young-Hegelian theory
C. W. F. Hegel: modernity and politics
Hegel's Philosophy of right : a reader's guide
Between transcendence and historicism : the ethical nature of the arts in Hegelian aesthetics
The communist ideal in Hegel and Marx
Politics of happiness : connecting the philosophical ideas of Hegel, Nietzsche and Derrida to the political ideologies of happiness
Dialectical social theory and its critics : from Hegel to analytical marxism and postmodernism
On the myth of the opposition between Indian thought and Western philosophy
Hegel's History of philosophy : new interpretations
Studies in the Hegelian dialectic
The sublime object of ideology
A search for unity in diversity : the "permanent Hegelian deposit" in the philosophy of John Dewey
James and Bradley : American truth and British reality
The open society. Vol. 2, The high tide of prophecy: Hegel, Marx, and the aftermath
Alexandre Kojève and the outcome of modern thought
The open society and its enemies. Vol. 1, The spell of Plato
Hegelianism : the path toward dialectical humanism, 1805-1841
Subjects of desire : Hegelian reflections in twentieth-century France
Historical dictionary of Hegelian philosophy
Hegel and Christian theology : a reading of the Lectures on the philosophy of religion
"A parallax can be defined as the apparent displacement of an object caused by a change in observational position. Author Slavoj Zizek is interested in the "parallax gap" separating two points between which no synthesis or mediation is possible, linked by an "impossible short circuit" of levels that can never meet. From this consideration of parallax, Zizek begins a rehabilitation of dialectical materialism. The Parallax View not only expands Zizek's Lacanian-Hegelian approach to new domains (notably cognitive brain sciences) but also provides the systematic exposition of the conceptual framework that underlies his entire work."--BOOK JACKET.
Hegel's Phenomenology : the sociality of reason
The young Hegel : studies in the relations between dialectics and economics
Hegel's development : toward the sunlight 1770-1801
The divided nation : the roots of a bourgeois thinker: G. W. F. Hegel
Studies in Hegelian cosmology
A companion to continental philosophy
Hegel and the Phenomenology of spirit
The postmodern and political agency
The philosophy of Hegel : a systematic exposition
Hegel and the hermetic tradition
Marx after Marxism : the philosophy of Karl Marx
Contingency, hegemony, universality : contemporary dialogues on the left
A history of philosophy. Volume 7, Modern philosophy : From the post-Kantian idealists to Marx, Kierkegaard, and Nietzsche
The religious dimension in Hegel's thought
Søren Kierkegaard's theory of stages and its relation to Hegel
Analytic philosophy and the return of Hegelian thought
Abstract: J.V. Snellman as an interpreter of Hegelś Philosophy of right.
A history of Hegelianism in Golden Age Denmark. Tome 1, The Heiberg period: 1824-1836
Modernity and the final aim of history : the debate over Judaism from Kant to the young Hegelians
A history of political theory
Berlin : the red room and white beer : the "free" hegelian radicals in the 1840's
The legacy of Hegel : proceedings of the Marquette Hegel symposium 1970
The power of negativity : selected writings on the dialectic in Hegel and Marx
Lectures on negative dialectics : fragments of a lecture course 1965/1966
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Hegel and the Phenomenology of spirit
Hegelian metaphysics
Kierkegaard's relations to Hegel reconsidered
Hegel and Aristotle
Radio : essays in bad reception
Essays in Hegelian dialectic
Hegel and the philosophy of religion : the Wofford symposium
Dialectic : the pulse of freedom
This volume comprises one of the key lecture courses leading up to the publication in 1966 of Adorno's major work, "Negative Dialectics."
A Hegel dictionary
The young Hegelians
Hegel and the freedom of moderns
Collected essays
The parallax view
Hegel, Kant and the structure of the object
Right, morality, ethical life : studies in G. W. F. Hegel's philosophy of right
Hegel : the restlessness of the negative
Hegel's critique of Aristotle's philosophy of mind
Georg Lukács : the man, his work and his ideas
A commentary on Hegel's logic
Striving for the impossible : the Hegelian background of Judith Butler
The open society and its enemies
The accursed share : an essay on general economy. Vol. 2, Vol.3, The history of eroticism (Vol. 2), Sovereignty (Vol.3)
The ontology of social being. 1, Hegel's false and his genuine ontology
Bulletin of the Hegel Society of Great Britain
Hegel's philosophy and feminist thought : beyond Antigone?
The future of Hegel : plasticity, temporality and dialectic
Idealism as modernism : Hegelian variations
A history of Western philosophy. 4, Kant and the nineteenth century
Marxism and Hegel
German idealism : contemporary perspectives
