http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p646 Indians of the Americas
Indians of the Americas Native Americans indigenous peoples of the Americas
Earth medicine : revealing hidden teachings of the native American medicine wheel
The Plains indians : a cultural and historical view of the North American Plains tribes of the pre-reservation period
Dance of death
A century of dishonour : the early crusade for indian reform
The round house
The Plains Cree : an ethnographic, historical, and comparative study
Yakari : Lords of the plains
The year is 1872. The place, the Apache nations, a region torn apart by decades of war. The people, like Goyahkla, lose his family and everything he loves. After having a vision, the young Goyahkla approaches the Apache leader Cochise, and the entire Apache nation, to lead an attack against the Mexican village of Azripe. It is this wild display of courage that transforms the young brave Goyakhla into the Native American hero Geronimo. But the war wages on. As they battle their enemies, lose loved ones, and desperately cling on to their land and culture, they would utter, "Indeh," or "the dead." When it looks like lasting peace has been reached, it seems like the war is over. Or is it? INDEH captures the deeply rich narrative of two nations at war--as told through the eyes of Naiches and Geronimo--who then try to find peace and forgiveness. INDEH not only paints a picture of some of the most magnificent characters in the history of our country, but it also reveals the spiritual and emotional cost of the Apache Wars. Based on exhaustive research, INDEH offers a remarkable glimpse into the raw themes of cultural differences, the horrors of war, the search for peace, and, ultimately, retribution. The Apache left an indelible mark on our perceptions about the American West, and INDEH shows us why.
American nations : encounters in Indian country, 1850 to the present
The agricultural and hunting methods of the Navaho Indians
Dead reckoning
The complete illustrated history of the Aztec & Maya
The double-headed eagle on textiles of the Indian Americas
The sharpest sight
Zeke and Ned
Native Americans
The civilization of the South American Indians : with special refenrence to magic and religion
A pictorial history of the American Indian
Hand talk : sign language among American Indian nations
Allan Houser : (HA-O-ZOUS)
Pilgrims of the wild
A good year to die : the story of the great Sioux War
Turok : son of stone
Scalped. 2 : Casino boogie
Jumping mouse
The cultivation and weaving of cotton in the prehistoric Southwestern United States
The son
American Indians
Nitassinan : the Innu struggle to reclaim their homeland
The absolutely true diary of a part-time Indian
Scalped. 4 : The gravel in your guts
Tintin in America
Champions of the weird Wild West. Book one
Scalped. 1 : Indian country
Stories from the six worlds : Micmac legends
Violence as an economic force : the process of proletarianisation among the indigenous people of the Argentinian Chaco 1884-1930
Dead time
European review of native American studies
The American Indian : an introduction to the anthropology of the New World
Her seven brothers
Tobacco and shamanism in South America
Works by Arthur Farwell, Preston Ware Orem, Charles Wakefield Cadman
American Indian art
Indeh : a story of the Apache wars
Talking tools : faces of aboriginal oral tradition in contemporary society
INDIANS OF THE AMERICAS
The earth shall weep : a history of native America
American indians in the Pacific : the theory behind the Kon-Tiki expedition
The crow's tale : a Lenni Lenape native American legend
Days without end
Beyond the ridge
The indians of the great plains
The way to rainy mountain
Multidimensional tradition : native young people and their construction of indigenousness in Brazilian Amazonia
The lightning warrior / A western story
Redemption
Preliminary archaeological investigations in the Sierra de Tamaulipas, Mexico
In 1852, forced by the United States government to leave their beloved Island of the Golden Breasted Woodpecker, fourteen-year-old Omokayas and her Ojibwe family travel in search of a new home.
The true story of Pocahontas
Atlas of the North American indian
The lost Amazon : the pioneering expeditions of Richard Evans Schultes : a rare photographic journey to an uncharted land
THE ARTS OF THE NORTH AMERICAN INDIAN : NATIVE AMERICAN INDIANS
Celebration : Tlingit, Haida, Tsimshian dancing on the land
Archaeometry of pre-Columbian sites and artifacts : proceedings of a symposium organized by the UCLA Institute of Archaeology and the Getty Conservation Institute, Los Angeles, California, March 23-27, 1992.
Scalped. 9 : Knuckle up
The founders of America : how indians discovered the land, pioneered in it, and created great classical civilizations; how they where plunged into a dark age by invasion and conquest; and how they are reviving
The American Heritage book of Indians
Brave are my people : Indian heroes not forgotten
The bear who stole the Chinook : tales from the Blackfoot
Uttermost part of the earth
"Barkskins opens in New France in the late 18th century as Rene Sel, an illiterate woodsman makes his way from Northern France to the homeland to seek a living. Bound to a "seigneur" for three years in exchange for land, he suffers extraordinary hardship and violence, always in awe of the forest he is charged with clearing. In the course of this epic novel, Proulx tells the stories of Rene's children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren, as well as the descendants of his friends and foes, as they travel back to Europe, to China, to New England, always in quest of a livelihood or fleeing stunningly brutal conditions--war, pestilence, Indian attacks, the revenge of rivals. Proulx's inimitable genius is her creation of characters who are so vivid--in their greed, lust, vengefulness, or their simple compassion and hope--that we follow them with fierce attention. This is Proulx's most ambitious novel ever, and her master work"--
Adult gender roles in three traditional American Indian societies
North American Indian designs
The indians
Cosmic clowns : convention, invention, and inversion in the Yaqui Easter ritual
Ethnic cleansing and the Indian : the crime that should haunt America
The indians of Canada
The Inca world : ancient people and places : art, architecture, religion, everyday life, culture : the native civilizations of the Andes and South America explored in 500 paintings, drawings and photographs
Indians of the Americas : the long hope
Empire of the summer moon : Quanah Parker and the rise and fall of the comanche tribe
The heart of everything that is : the untold story of Red Cloud, an American legend
The last of the mohicans
Death in the Andes
Indian act : the 1997 annotated : including regulations and related constitutional provisions
Indian art in America : the arts and crafts of the North American indian
Documents of United States Indian policy
The bark canoes and skin boats of North America
The Kaska Indians : an ethnographic reconstruction
Wanáǧi Wachípi ki̧ : the ghost dance among the Lakota Indians in 1890
Storytelling globalization from the Chaco and beyond
Scalped. 3 : Dead mothers
Scalped. 8 : You gotta sin to get saved
Native america
Buffalo trail : a novel of the American west
Anonymous
The porcupine year
Native American arts and crafts
Lewis & Clark
American Indian healing arts : herbs, rituals, and remedies for every season of life
Local knowledge, global stage
Corridor talk to culture history : public anthropology and its consequences
News of the world : a novel
To the bright edge of the world
The green house : a novel
Born to run : the hidden tribe, the ultra-runners, and the greatest race the world has never seen
The archaeology of the lower Tapajâos Valley, Brazil
American woodland Indians
INDIANS OF THE ANDES
Dressing in feathers : the construction of the Indian in American popular culture
The thirsty Moose : based on a native american folktale
Shan Tao Yun is an exiled Chinese national, a former Beijing investigator on parole from the Tibetan work camp to which he had been consigned as punishment. While there he was befriended by unlicensed Tibetan lamas with whom he has been living, since his release, in a secret monastery." "Now he is summoned to a remote village to save a comatose man from summary execution for two murders. The victims' arms had been severed and borne away. Why?" "Shan discovers that the unconscious suspect is not Tibetan, as had been assumed, but Navajo, and that the recent murders are only part of a chain of deaths. Suspects include a prominent Chinese scientist and his would-be criminologist nephew, as well as the village headman, and the illegal miners who are camped nearby. Together with his friends, the unlicensed monks Gendun and Lokesh, Shan must solve the riddle of Dragon Mountain, the place "where world begins.
Turok : son of stone. Volume one
The orenda
Shaman's tears
God is red : a native view of religion
Indians of the plains : facts, things to make, activities
The 2012 story : the myths, fallacies, and thruth behind the most intriguing date in history
Prayer of the dragon
New native American drama : three plays
Don't sleep, there are snakes : life and language in the Amazonian jungle
Indian oratory : famous speeches by noted Indian chieftains
Across the Wide and Lonesome Prairie : The Oregon Trail Diary of Hattie Campbell 1847
Scalped. 10 : Trail's end
The Mayan prophecy 2012 : The Mayan calendar and the end of time
The religion of the Jibaro Indians of eastern Ecuador
Book of the fourth world : reading the Native Americas through their literature
Songprints : the musical experience of five Shoshone women
Yakari : Little thunder's secret
Temples of the sun and moon : a Mexican journey
Blood and land : the story of native North America
Woman of a thousand secrets
The enduring Navaho
Great chiefs : the history of the greatest warriors explained in glorious colour
Waheenee : an Indian girl's story
Yakari and Nanabozho
Aboriginal rights and self-government : the Canadian and Mexican experience in North American perspective
Blood trail : Dawning. [Volume one]
American indian traditions and ceremonies
The fifth agreement  : a practical guide to self-mastery
Ojibwa religion and the midéwiwin
American Indian nations of the Great Plains and cultural groups bordering this geographic area spoke so many different languages that verbal communication between them was difficult. As extensive trade networks developed and political alliances became necessary, an elegant language of the hands developed that cut across spoken language barriers. Though now endangered, this sign language continues to serve a vital role in traditional storytelling, rituals, legends, prayers, conversational narratives, and as a primary language of American Indians who are deaf. This volume contains the most current descriptions of all levels of the language from phonology to discourse, as well as comparisons with other sign languages. This is the first work of its kind to be produced in more than a century, and is intended for students of sign language as well as those wishing to learn more about American Indian languages and cultures.
The colourful story of North American Indians
American Indian art magazine
Indigenous youth in Brazilian Amazonia : changing lived worlds
The Mimbres people : ancient pueblo painters of the American Southwest
The encyclopedia of north american indian tribes / A comprehensive study of tribes from the abitibi to the zuni
Tanssii susien kanssa = Dances with wolves
American Indian holocaust and survival : a population history since 1492
Red River stallion
Journey into Mohawk country
Native peoples
The fall of natural man : the American Indian and the origins of comparative ethnology
The Toba Indians of the Bolivian Gran Chaco
Inca - Peru : 3000 ans d'histoire
The enchanted and enchanting adventures of a young Sioux who speaks the language of animals. The 14th volume of a magical series for kids.
Writing home : the oral tradition as a philosophical and stylistic basis for a tradition of written American Indian literature
The river of forgetfulness
Scalped. 5 : High lonesome
Turok : son of stone. Volume three
The devil's garden
The Indians in American society : from the revolutionary war to the present
What do we know about the plains indians?
Comanches : The History of a People
The storyteller
Earth Elder stories : the Pinayzitt path
Indians of the United States : four centuries of their history and culture
Program of the history of American Indians. Part 2, Post-Columbian America
Through black spruce
Indians of the Great Basin : a critical bibliography
Step into the world of... North American indians
The dolphin people
Juan the Chamula : an ethnological re-creation of the life of a Mexican Indian
Holling Clancy Holling's stories from many lands
Aztec & Maya : rediscover the lost world of ancient Central America, with 450 exciting pictures and 15 step-by-step projects
Native americans
American Indians in the Pasific : the theory behind the Kon-Tiki Expedition
The plague of doves
American heritage history of the Indian wars
Mexican indigenous music as a communicative system
