http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6478 epics (literary works)
epics (literary works)
Pride and prodigies : studies in the monsters of the Beowulf-manuscript
The Kalevala : tales of magic and adventure
The epithets in Homer : a study in poetic values
Shaggy crowns : Ennius' Annales and Virgil's Aeneid
The Ulysses theme : a study in the adaptability of a traditional hero
Multiforms in epic composition
A history of epic poetry (post-Virgilian)
Bhagavad Gita : the beloved Lord's secret love song
Brewer's book of myth and legend
Encyclopedia of traditional epics
The Odyssey : the story of Odysseus
Georgian hunting myths and poetry
The epic in history
Yuganta : the end of an epoch
Published for the first time in its entirety, this major epic poem assures Anne Waldmans place in the pantheon of contemporary poetry. The Iovis Trilogy, Waldmans monumental feminist epic, traverses epochs, cultures, and genres to create a visionary call to poetic arms. Iovis details the misdeeds of the Patriarch, and with a fierce imagination queries and subverts his warmongering. All of Waldmans themes come into focus : friendship, motherhood, politics, and Buddhist wisdom. This is epic poetry that goes beyond the old injunction to include history, its effort is to change history. Publisher's note.
Homer's versicolored fabric : the evocative power of ancient Greek epic word-making
Milton and Homer : "written to aftertimes"
The story of Kullervo
The great epic tale of Russia and Finland : the Kalevala or the Land of Heroes
The Narts : the heroic epos of the Karachay and Balkar people
Questioning Ramayanas : a South Asian tradition
The epic of Gilgamesh : the Babylonian epic poem and other texts in Akkadian and Sumerian
The Mahabharata : a play
The standard Babylonian Etana Epic
A new, illustrated study of the Iliac tablets, a group of objects inscribed in miniature with epic episodes. Like the tablets themselves, Michael Squire tackles major themes through small ones, by relating their production to macroscopic problems of signification in Graeco-Roman antiquity.
The Indian narrative : perspectives and patterns
The heroic epos of the Chechens and Ingush
Secondary tales of the two great epics
Bearslayer : The Latvian Legend
The voice of the people : writing the European folk revival, 1760-1914
Oriental literature. Vol. 3, The literature of India
The Śalyaparvan : being the ninth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
Collection of articles on Ramayana.
Homer : an introduction to the Iliad and the Odyssey
The making of Homeric verse : the collected papers of Milman Parry
The Āranyakaparvan : being the third book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India. Part 1-2
The stories of the Ramayana and the Mahabharata
The mortal hero : an introduction to Homer's Iliad
The adventures of Odysseus
Structure in medieval narrative
The Iovis trilogy : colors in the mechanism of concealment
This book focuses on the best-known and most frequently taught chanson de geste ("songs of heroic deeds") from medieval France, including the Song of Roland and the Voyage of Charlemagne.
The Virātaparvan : being the fourth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
The prose Edda
Songs of the dragons flying to heaven : A Korean epic
Bear's ears : an anthology of Latvian literature
The Karnaparvan : being the eighth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
The tragedy of Sohráb and Rostám : from the Persian national epic, the Shahname of Abol-Qasem Ferdowsi
The Manas of Wilhelm Radloff
A companion to Homer
The children's Mahabharata
The epic genre has at its heart a fascination with the horror of viewing death. Epic heroes have active visual power, yet become objects, turned into monuments, watched by two main audiences: the gods above and the women on the sidelines. This stimulating, ambitious study investigates the theme of vision in Greek and Latin epic from Homer to Nonnus, bringing the edges of epic into dialogue with celebrated moments (the visual confrontation of Hector and Achilles, the failure of Turnus' gaze), revealing epic as massive assertion of authority and fractured representation. Helen Lovatt demonstrates the complexity of epic constructions of gender: from Apollonius' Medea toppling Talos with her eyes to Parthenopaeus as object of desire. She discusses mortals appropriating the divine gaze, prophets as both penetrative viewers and rape victims, explores the divine authority of epic ecphrasis, and exposes the way that heroic bodies are fragmented and fetishised.
An anthology of Russian folk epics
The mythical structure of the Iranian epic
The Mahābhārata : an English version based on selected verses
SIRI Sampada - 3 : (a souvenir in commemoration of the Siri Epic Release Festival in March 1999)
Hávamál : the sayings of the Vikings
The Udyogaparvan : being the fifth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
Beowulf and the Beowulf manuscript
The long arm of coincidence : the frustrated connection between Beowulf and Grettis saga
The world of Odysseus
Essays on the Iliad : selected modern criticism
The Bhagavadgītā : doctrines and contexts
Robert P. Goldman, b. 1942, American Indologist.
Darangen in original Maranao verse, with English translation. Vol. 1, [Books 1, 2, 3]
The story of the Iliad
Riddle of the ring
Elder Brothers story : (an oral epic of Tamil)
The Narts : the heroic epos of the Balkar and Karachay people
Images of community in Old English poetry
The epic of Gilgamish : text, transliteration, and notes
The Geats of Beowulf : a study in the geographical mythology of the Middle Ages
Homer's Odyssey : a companion to the translation of Richmond Lattimore
Epic threads : John Brockington on the Sanskrit epics
From the sword to the pen : an analysis of the concept of loyalty in Old English secular heroic poetry
Indian folklore. 1, [Report of discussion from the Indo-American Seminar on Indian Folklore, Mysore (India), August 1980]
Bhagavad Gita : the beloved lord's secret song
Frithiof's motley cousins : on the perils of using folklore to create a national epic
A Cheat's guide to the classics : [35 of the world's greatest literary masterpieces from Pride and prejudice to War and peace]
The Rāmāyaṇa revisited
Beowulf and the Fight at Finnsburg
The life of a text : performing the Rāmcaritmānas of Tulsidas
Homer's The Iliad and The Odessey : an biography
Mahābhārata. Book five, Preparations for war. vol. 1
Hōgen monogatari : tale of the disorder in Hōgen
The poems of Ossian
The epic gaze : vision, gender and narrative in ancient epic
Symbol and meaning beyond the closed community : essays in Mesoamerican ideas
The Dronaparvan : being the seventh book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India. Part 1-2
The Odyssey
Poems of the Vikings : the Elder Edda
Mem û Zîn = Mem and Zîn : Kurdish national epic
The Bhagavadgita is one of the most renowned texts of Hinduism because it contains discussions of important issues such as liberation and the nature of action as well as the revelation of the Krishna as the highest god and creator of the universe. It is included in the ancient Indian Mahabharata epic at one of its most dramatic moments, that is, when the final battle is about to begin. In contrast to many other studies, this book deals with the relationship between the Bhagavadgita and its epic contexts. On the basis of a thorough analysis of the text Angelika Malinar argues that its theology delineates not only new philosophical concepts and religious practices but also addresses the problem of righteous kingship and appropriate use of power. Malinar concludes by considering the Bhagavadgita's historical and cultural contexts and those features of the text that became paradigmatic in later Hindu religious traditions.
Three unedited manuscripts of the Manchu epic tale "Nišan saman-i bithe"
World mythology : an anthology of the great myths and epics
Mahabharata. Book four, Virāṭa
The nature of heroic action in "traditional" epics : consideration of some events in Kalevala
A commentary on the "Aspis" of Menander. Part 1, Lines 1 - 298
The Bhīsmaparvan : being the sixth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
The origin of the Indo-European races and peoples. Vol. 1
Dante's Divine comedy : hell : purgatory : paradise
Berinareu : the religious epic of the Tirurais
The Sauptikaparvan : being the tenth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
Âkutskij geroičeskij èpos olonho : problemy perevoda : materialy naučno-praktičeskogo seminara na russkom i anglijskom âzykah "Problemy perevoda âkustkogo geroičeskogo èposa olonho", Âkutsk, 21 fevralâ 2012 g. = Yakut heroic epos of olonkho : problems of translation
The Kalevala and its background
Terms of the semantic sphere of δικη and θέμις in the early Greek epic
Gilgamesh : a verse narrative
The Thorkelin transcripts of Beowulf
The transformation of consciousness in myth : integrating the thought of Jung and Campbell
South Asian texts in history : critical engagements with Sheldon Pollock
Beowulf and the Grendel-Kin : politics and poetry in eleventh-century England
The Rāmāyana of Vālmīki : an epic of ancient India. Vol. 2, Ayodhyākānda
Cyclification : the development of narrative cycles in the Chansons de Geste and the Arthurian romances
Dried millet breaking : time, words, and song in the Wo̧i epic of the Kpelle
Homer's readers : a historical introduction to the Iliad and Odyssey
The Homeric Odyssey : the Mary Flexner lectures delivered at Bryn Mawr College, Pennsylvania
The Ayodhya canto of the Ramayana
Making the brilliants shine : the Kalevala and the world's traditional epics : a symposium at the University of Turku, August 14-15, 1999.
The poetics of empire in the Indies : prophecy and imitation in La Araucana and Os Lusíadas
Hero and chief : epic literature from the Banyanga Zaire Republic
"Explores the various ways in which Homer's epic poems influenced Milton in his own ambition to compose an enduring, canonical work of literature. Machacek's study of this major interpoetic relationship is methodologically responsive to the historicist critical enterprise dominant within literary study for the past three decades"--Provided by publisher.
Icelandic sagas, eddas, and art : treasures illustrating the greatest mediaeval literary heritage of Northern Europe
Akundar žana manasčylar - kyrgyz èlinin ruhanij madanijatyn tüzüüčülör žana saktoočular = Akyns and Manaschis - creators and keepers of the Kyrgyz people spiritual culture = Akyny i manasči - sozdateli i hranteli duhovnoj kul'tkry kyrgyzskogo naroda
A little history of literature
The Tale of Khun Chang Khun Phaen : Siam's great folk epic of love and war
The Sahāparvan : being the second book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
Homeric renaissance : the Odyssey of George Chapman
Homeric performance
The Ā'svamedhikaparvan : being the fourteenth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
Rāmāyaṇa : the story of Rāma and Sītā in Old Javanese
The Iliad
An introduction to the chansons de geste
Textualization of oral epics
The shield of Achilles and the poetics of ekphrasis
Political myth and epic
The Śāntiparvan : being the twelfth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India. Part 1-3B
The mythology of all races : in thirteen volumes. Volume 5, Semitic
Homer's The Odyssey
The Āśramavāsikaparvan : being the fifteenth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
Beowulf and Celtic tradition
The Ādiparvan : being the first book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India. Part 1-2
Tulasīdāsa's Śrīrāmacaritamānasa : The Holy lake of the acts of Rāma
Kamba-Rāmāyaṇa : English translation of Tamil Rāmāyaṇa of sage Kamban
The five brothers ; the story of the Mahābhārata
The Kalevala as scripture
The Ramayan of Tulsidas or the bible of northern India
The ironies of war : an introduction to Homer's Iliad
The Ānu'sāsanaparvan : being the thirteenth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India. Part 1-2
Mahābhārata. Book five, Preparations for war. vol. 2
Tradition and design in the Iliad
Epic and argument in Sanskrit literary history : essays in honor of Robert P. Goldman
The Iliad in a nutshell : visualizing epic on the Tabulae Iliacae
The Vālmīki-Rāmāyaṇa : critical edition. Vol. 1, Bālakāṇḍa
Manifestation of constant narrative patterns through poetical description in the Nart epics
Kalevala - the Finnish national epic
Blameless Aegisthus : a study of amymōn and other Homeric epithets
The Mabinogion
Miraculously preserved on clay tablets dating back as much as four thousand years, the poem of Gilgamesh, king of Uruk, is the world's oldest epic, predating Homer by many centuries. The story tells of Gilgamesh's adventures with the wild man Enkidu, and of his arduous journey to the ends of the earth in quest of the Babylonian Noah and the secret of immortality. Alongside its themes of family, friendship and the duties of kings, the Epic of Gilgamesh is, above all, about mankind's eternal struggle with the fear of death.
The Homeric epics
From classical to postclassical : changing ideologies and changing epics in India
How Beowulf sailed to Finland
Studies on Rāmāyaṇa
African oral epic poetry : praising the deeds of a mythic hero
Essays on questions connected with the old English poem of Beowulf
Sumerian sources of tablet XII of the epic of Gilgameš
