http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6472 housing services
housing services
Service-oriented assessment of quality of life of adults with intellectual disabilities : academic dissertation
Social care and housing
Housing and home in later life
Management of Prader-Willi syndrome
Abstract: The objective of this thesis was to study the viewpoint of carers towards residential practice in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. Kuninkaantie Residential Unit is a residential unit for children and youngsters with disabilities in Espoo, Finland, which was opened in autumn   2010.   It offers temporary care for children and residential practice for youngsters. This final thesis was implemented by interviewing the carers of the youngsters in residential practice concerning both their experiences and expectations towards the service. The aim of this thesis was to gather material based on which the residential practice can be improved in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. This thesis was a qualitative study and six interviews were carried out as thematic interviews at the intervieweesʼ homes. Tentative questions had been divided into themes based on theories. These themes were; Co-operation, quality of life, and independent life.  The results of the thesis show  that mainly positive thoughts rose from the experiences of the carers. Especially the staff members and their knowhow were appreciated. Still, the information flow and general co-operation had been marginal and there were many opinions concerning the need for them. Some thought that the official residential practice had not  yet started and there was a hope for a possibility of common meetings in the future. The carers wanted to approach the function of the residential unit gently as it had started to function just recently. The actual building was criticized by nearly all the interviewees as from their point of view it limits the possibilities to a great extent. Individuality and planning the actions based on individuality were highlighted. This thesis process shows the importance of co-operation and working closely with the carers in order to improve the service for youngsters with disabilities. The co-operation enables the youngster to have a successful residential practice period based on empowerment, which will in the end lead to equal and good quality of life.
Quasi-markets and social policy
The housing crisis
Service-oriented assessment of quality of life of adults with intellectual disabilities
Home service concept : from user needs to services
The political principle concerning services for older people in Finland emphasises home care. The public authority set the national targets concerning service provisions and attempts to encourage the older population to remain in their own homes for as long as possible. In this regard, the national government employs a typical sociological or gerontological concept, known as ageing in place. Although the structure of social and health care services significantly shifted to domiciliary services in the 1990s, Finland is still considered to maintain relatively institutionalised welfare programmes. Due to continual ageing and pressures to reduce expenditure on social services, it still remains unexplored as to what extent encouraging ageing in place is realistic from the aspect of the living environment.This study is conducted as a single case study focusing on sixteen local districts in the city of Oulu. The forty-three projects researched, covering all categories, namely residential homes, sheltered housing and rental accommodation for older people, and ranging from central location to suburban districts, are systematically analysed using the building permits and the collected data in addition to the researcher’s neighbourhood surveys. The collected data are primarily analysed in quantitative manners and measured in multi-disciplinary ways.The outcomes of the analysis overall suggest that the living standards of all the housing projects studied here do not necessarily help older residents to cope with every possible environmental problem while real meanings of diversity among the projects studied are considered to be rather limited regarding the aspect of the possible lifestyles of residents. The degree of the realisation of ageing in place depends on the definition of the concept adopted by the various stakeholders (national and local authorities, developers, service providers, older people). The realisation of ageing in place seems to require wider and deeper discussions.Discussion of the ageing-in-place concept points to a lack of preventative objectives which aims at minimising services by providing appropriate living settings for older people instead of pursuing the best combination of care services and accommodation. There are special roles which only housing facilities can address.
Summary (s. 7-8) : Services for people with intellectual disabilities in 2004.
""Making Life Work is a wonderful book jack Levinson p̀resents' insightful, thought provoking, and, well-written ethnographic portrayals of d̀ependent' adults and their and their caregivers,"---WENDY SIMONDS, Georgia State University" "Group homes emerged in the United States in the 1970s as a solution to the failure of the large institutions that, for more than a century, segregated and abused people with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Yet community services have not, for the most part, delivered on the promises of rights, self-determination, and integration made more than thirty years ago, and critics predominantly portray group homes simply as settings of social control." "Making Life Work is a clear-eyed ethnography of a New York City group home based on more than a year of field research. Jack Levinson reveals that rather than being seen as the antithesis of freedom, the group home must be understood as representing the fundamental dilemmas between authority and the individual in contemporary liberal societies. No longer inmates but citizens, these people who are presumed---rightly or wrongl---to lack the capacity for freedom actually govern themselves. Levinson, a former group home counselor, demonstrates that the group home depends on the very capacities for independence and individuality it cultivates in its residents. At the same time, he addresses the complex relationship between services and social control in the history of intellectual and developmental disabilities, interrogating broader social service policies and the role of clinical practice in the community."--BOOK JACKET.
Housing the homeless : the local authority role
Ageing in place : potentials and restrictions : a case study of the living environment for older people in Oulu
Standards of excellence for residential group care services
Social work and housing
Residential care : a positive choice, report of the independent review of residential care
An evaluation of the deinstitutionalization of persons with developmental disabilities in Norway
sammandrag - abstract.
Social housing : an introduction
Technology as a part of care service production : concept design case for Wiktio
Independent living market in Germany, UK, Italy, Belgium and the Netherlands
Making life work : freedom and disability in a community group home
Bed, breakfast and social work
Carersʼ viewpoint on residential practice: experiences from Kuninkaantie residential unit
In detail : housing for people of all ages
Changing the ecology of residential units for profoundly and severely mentally handicapped adults : a quasi-experimental investigation of generalization and maintenance of behavior change
Vanhusten palveluasumisen yleiskuvaus = General description of sheltered housing for the elderly
Homeless : policies, strategies, and lives on the street
New approaches to housing for the second half of life
Carers' Viewpoint on Residential Practice : Experiences from Kuninkaantie Residential Unit
Young people leaving care : supporting pathways to adulthood
Home service concept : technology, logistics and business management
Community and ageing : maintaining quality of life in housing with care settings
The whole municipality working together for older people : perspectives on the development of elderly people's independent living, care and services
Dementia and social work practice : research and interventions
Summary.
Young people and the risks of exclusion and homelessness
Housing of older people in the EU countries
Caring for frail elderly people : new directions in care
Living for the elderly : a design manual
CO-housing development model: framework, values and plans for the future : Helsinki, Finland and Berlin, Germany
New lifestyles in old age : health, identity and well-being in Berryhill Retirement Village
Services for homeless people : the policy context from 1960s until the present day and two examples for innovative services
Lehmuskoti dementia unit : towards the symptoms-relieving environment
Housing for the elderly : planning and policy formulation in Western Europe and North America
Aging in the designed environment
