http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6475 asparagus
asparagus Asparagus officinalis
Proceedings of the Eleventh International Asparagus Symposium : Hort, The Netherlands, June 16-19, 2005
There's broccoli in my ice cream!
8th International Asparagus Symposium : Massey University, New Zealand 21-26 November 1993
Vegetable diseases : a color handbook
How to grow beans, peas, asparagus, artichokes & other shoots : growing legumes and edible shoots, including celery, celeriac, globe artichokes and seakale, with more than 180 photographs
The physiology of vegetable crops
7th International asparagus symposium, Ferrara, Italy, June 19-23, 1989
Effect of time of day for harvest and postharvest treatments on the sugar metabolism of broccoli (Brassica oleracea var. italica)
On the occurrence of Asparagus officinalis as a naturalized plant in Bromarv, SW Finland
Loss of sugars contributes to accelerate postharvest senescence of broccoli. Several treatments have been developed to delay senescence, but in many cases their effects on sugar metabolism were not analyzed. We studied the effect of harvest at different times of day (08:00, 13:00 and 18:00 h) and of several postharvest treatments as heat treatment (HT), modified atmosphere (MA) and 1-methylcylcopropene (1-MCP) on sugar levels and activities of enzymes related to sucrose and starch degradation. Harvesting at the end of day delayed the loss of chlorophylls and caused the lowest decrement in sugars, although no differences in invertase, sucrose synthase and β-amylase activities were detected among samples. Treatments of MA and 1-MCP caused a lower loss of glucose and fructose, while HT caused a lower decrement of sucrose. Treated samples maintained higher levels of chlorophylls. The treatments reduced the activity of invertase and sucrose synthase and induced higher levels of β-amylase activity. Harvesting at the end of day and performing simultaneously a MA treatment could be a good combination to maintain the green color of the inflorescence and sugar levels during postharvest of broccoli.
Proceedings of Tenth International Asparagus
Postharvest quality response of broccoli florets to combined application of 1-methylcyclopropene and modified atmosphere packaging
Growing asparagus in the home garden
Soil pH and nutrient uptake in cauliflower (Brassica oleracea L. var. botrytis) and broccoli (Brassica oleracea L. var. italica) in northern Sweden : multielement studies by means of plant and soil analyses
Asparagus, all ways ...always
Soil pH and nutrient uptake in cauliflower (Brassica oleracea L. var botrytis) and broccoli (Brassica oleracea L. var italica) in Northern Sweden : multielement studies by means of plant and soil analyses
Growing vegetables for home and market
Vegetables : growing environment and mineral nutrition
Broccoli is rich in health-promoting compounds such as ascorbic acid and glucosinolates. However, amount of such compounds inevitably decrease along with the storage. This study was conducted to investigate the effects of 1-methylcyclopropene (1-MCP) and Modified Atmosphere Packaging (MAP) treatments alone or in combination on postharvest life and quality of broccoli heads during cold storage. MAP and 1-MCP+MAP significantly reduced weight loss, delayed surface color changes and chlorophyll breakdown, maintained visual quality, ascorbic acid, total phenol, soluble solid contents and titratable acidity compared with control as well as 1-MCP treatment. In 1-MCP plus MAP treated florets, approximate 47% and more chlorophyll and 24% more total phenol contents were found compared to control florets. 1-MCP plus MAP application better performed in maintaining the quality of broccoli florets during 28-day-storage. Overall results revealed that combined treatment can be recommended for commercial broccoli storage at 0 °C.
α-Aminooxi-β-phenylpropionic acid controls phenylalanine ammonia lyase gene expression during storage of asparagus spears
Quality aspects of modified atmosphere packaged broccoli
Proceedings of the XIIth International Asparagus Symposium : Lima, Peru, October 29-November 1, 2009
