http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6479 Vikings
Vikings
How to train your dragon. The serpent's heir
The Vikings and Victorian Lakeland : the Norse medievalism of W. G. Collingwood and his contemporaries
The Norse Atlantic saga : being the Norse voyages of discovery and settlement to Iceland, Greenland, and North America
Vikings : the battle of the ends of time
Vikings in the West : papers presented at a symposium sponsored by the Archaeological Institute of America, Chicago Society, and the Museum of Science and Industry of Chicago, held at the Museum of Science and Industry, April 3, 1982
The Viking world
The Orchard book of Vikings
Mike the Knight and the mighty shield
Thor visionaries : Walter Simonson. vol. 2
Hägar the Horrible : the epic chronicles : dailies 1974 to 1975
The sleeping army
The sun sword
Northmen : the Viking saga AD 793-1241
The bone thief
Thor visionaries : Walter Simonson. vol. 1
The invisible fortress
The last kingdom
Wolf cub
The three elders of Aran
The mighty Thor : Everything burns
The pale horseman
Child of the stars
God of vengeance
When a vengeful ancient goddess threatens to end the world, the Crows must join forces with their former enemies, the Protectors, putting Jace Berisha into contact with Ski Eriksen, who is intent on getting closer to her.
The vikings : a short history
How to train your dragon : [by Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III]
City of the lost god
The Oxford illustrated history of the vikings
Kings and Vikings : Scandinavia and Europe, A.D. 700-1100
Viking : hammer of the North
Words of wisdom from the Vikings
The Norsemen
The land of Qa
Viking : the Norse warrior's (unofficial) manual
The viking world
Exploring the world of the Vikings
The cage
The viking saga of Harri Bristlebeard : a heroic puzzle adventure
Viking myths & sagas : retold from ancient Norse texts
Vulgar the Viking and the terrible talent show
Baltic sagas : events and personalities that changed the world
Olaf the Viking and the pig who would be king
The Viking ships
The Vikings and the Viking wars in Irish and Gaelic tradition
The 'Viking apocalypse' of 22nd February 2014 : an analysis of the Jorvik Viking Centre's Ragnarǫk and its media reception
Introduction (an) to viking mythology
Northlanders. Book six : Thor's daughter and other stories
Viking Age in Finland : identity and identification : pre-print materials of the seminar “Identity and identification and the Viking Age in Finland (with special emphasis on the Åland Islands)” : Mariehamn, Åland 03.-04.09.2012
Vikings at war
Death of kings
The Vikings in history
S. 60-63: Warrior words. - S. 64: Index
The Vikings : voyagers of discovery and plunder
The Vikings and their origins : Scandinavia in the first millenium
Westward from Vinland : an account of Norse discoveries and explorations in America, 982-1362
The archers
Viking World
The Norse myths : a guide to the gods and heroes
The pagan lord
Everyday life in the Viking age
The illustrated guide to viking martial arts
Bjarmaland (also Biarmaland, Biarmia, Byarmia, Bjarmia) and its inhabitants (Bjarmar, Beormas, Biarmar) are known to us through c. 30 medieval written sources, most of them written in Norse, a few in Latin and one in Anglo-Saxon. Majority of the texts were written during the 13th century, but the stories they relate may nevertheless be of earlier date. The Kings' Sagas in particular often refer to 10th century events. Oldest of the sources is the so-called Ohthere's account, a 9th century Anglo-Saxon text added to the OE Orosius translation. The rest of the sources are of Norse-Icelandic origin including a number of konungasögur, a few chronicles and íslendingasögur, some texts of geographical nature, a couple of þáttr, and a number of fornaldarsögur as well as six annals. Additionally Haralds saga gráfeldar contains a few skaldic verses.Written sources locate Bjarmaland to the White Sea. The words Terfinna land connect the location with the Kola Peninsula and the environs of the Varzuga River whereas the name Gandvík guides our interest towards the Kantalahti Bay of the White Sea. The name 'Vína' can be connected with either the Northern Dvina River or Viena Karelia. Written sources portray the Bjarmians as permanently settled group of Baltic Fennic speaking people that lived in the north of Europe since the Viking Age (first mentioned in writing in the 9th century) until the early Middle Ages (mid-13th century). Involvement in the international fur trade is implied and continuous contacts with Norwegians with both looting and trade as integral part of interaction are present in the descriptions. The Bjarmians cannot be connected ethnically with any existing group of people but must be considered as a group of their own. The origin of the specific ethnical identity most likely lies in economical interaction (trade with furs and possibly other items) with neighbouring areas. Since 12th-13th centuries new settlers moved to the northern areas and many political and economical changes occurred in Northern Fennoscandia and Russia, all of which would have contributed to a change that left the Bjarmians out of written sources.
The mighty Thor. volume 1
Baldur's bones
Conference report : VAF III : identity and identification and the Viking Age in Finland (with special emphasis on the Åland Islands), 3rd-4th September 2012, Mariehamn, Åland
You wouldn't want to be a viking explorer! : voyages you'd rather not make
THE VIKINGS AND THEIR ORIGINS
Gods of the North
Vikings by boat to Byzantium
The dragons hoard : stories from the vikings sagas
Thor : Tales of Asgard
Lords of the sea : the vikings explore the North Atlantic
The vikings : conquerors, traders and pirates
Feasting the wolf
FOLKLORE, MYTHS & LEGENDS. Who were the Norse gods - the mighty Aesyr, led by Odinn, and the mysterious Vanir? In The Norse Myths we meet this passionate and squabbling pantheon, and learn of the mythological cosmos they inhabit. Passages translated from the Old Norse bring this legendary world to life, from the myths of creation to ragnarok, the prophesied end of the world at the hands of Loki's army of monsters and giants, and everything that comes in between: the problematic relationship between the gods and the giants, in which enmity and trickery are punctuated by marriages and seductions; the (mis) adventures of human heroes and heroines, with their family feuds, revenges, marriages and murders; and the interaction between the gods and mortals, as Odinn, the Allfather, betrays his human proteges in order to recruit (dead) heroes for his army.
Thor. [Vol.3]
How to ride a dragon's storm : by Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III
The blue plague
Usborne illustrated guide to Norse myths and legends
Ogotai's crown
Anglo-saxons and vikings
The burning land
Vikings : raids, culture, legacy
The vikings and their origins
Empty throne
The vicious Vikings
The Vikings in the Museum of Archaeology, Stavanger
The Vikings
The Valhalla prophecy
The guardian of the keys
Norse mythology : a guide to the gods, heroes, rituals, and beliefs
Vikings in Russia : Yngvar's Saga and Eymund's Saga
Warriors and weapons of early times in colour
Entangled worlds : archaeologies of ambivalence in the Viking Age
The vikings and America
The unleashing
The age of the Vikings
Viking warrior rising
The flame bearer
The wolf sea
Blood of the Vikings
Editing skaldic verse and the problem of prosimetra
Vulgar the Viking and the great gulp games
Viking antiquities in Great Britain and Ireland. P. 3, Norse antiquities in Ireland
The Vikings : culture and conquest
The Master of the mountains
Hawk quest : an epic novel of the Norman conquest
The undoing
The Vikings recreated in colour photographs
Viking antiquities in Great Britain and Ireland. P. 2, Viking antiquities in Scotland
Lord of slaughter
Odinn's child
Warriors of the storm
Viking town
How to train your dragon : movie storybook
WHO WERE THE VIKINGS?
The brand new novel in Bernard Cornwell's number one bestselling series on the making of England and the fate of his great hero, Uhtred of Bebbanburg.
Northlanders. Book seven : The icelandic trilogy
Men at arms. Saxon, viking and norman
Historical atlas of the Viking world
Vinland saga. Book three
Vinland saga. Book four
Conference report : the Viking Age in Finland seminars : 28th-29th, April, 2011 and 11th-12th November, 2011, Helsinki, Finland
The Viking
Norse gods and heroes
Daughter of fire and ice
Vikings : The battle at the end of time
Northlanders. Book four : The plague widow
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
The last light of the sun
The vikings
Fibula, fabula, fact - the Viking Age in Finland
The hammer and the cross : a new history of the Vikings
Hiccup : the Viking who was seasick
Gurps Vikings roleplaying in the world of the norsemen
Northlanders. Book five : Metal and other stories
Chronicles of the Vikings : records, memorials and myths
Vikings on the Rhine : recent research on early mediaeval relations between the Rhinelands and Scandinavia
The Viking achievement
The story of the vikings picture book
The constant queen
The brand of the exiles
Myths and legends of the Vikings
Warriors
Iceland : a portrait of its land and people
The incomplete book of dragons : (a guide to dragon species)
Beyond the shadows
The price of blood
The last Vikings : the epic story of the great Norse voyagers
