http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6480 vegetable oils
vegetable oils
Rapeseed : chemistry and technology
InterCourses : an aphrodisiac cookbook
Olive oil : a cultural history from around the world
Clubroot, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin, is a serious plant disease of cruciferous plants. A field survey of occurrence of clubroot in oilseed fields was conducted in Finland in 2007−2009 and in 1984−1989. At present, the disease is distributed throughout the oilseed cultivation area. Clubroot was found on average from 30% of fields, but its severity was low; fields with high numbers of infected plants and plants with severe symptoms were rare. According to the survey, cultivation frequency of cruciferous plants is the most important factor affecting clubroot occurrence and severity. Clubroot was found in soils with a wide range of pH-values (pH 5-7.6), but symptoms were most severe at low pH. According to the survey, and greenhouse and field trials, high temperature and moisture during the early growth period seem to favour disease development and can cause significant yield losses. In a survival trial, clubroot declined to close to zero after four years in the absence of host plants, but traces of the pathogen were still detectable after a 19-year trial period, making eradication of the pathogen very difficult.
Standards for fats & oils
Fats and oils
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Rapeseed today and tomorrow : proceedings of the ninth international rapeseed congress, 4 to 7 July 1995, Cambridge, United Kingdom
Olive oil : the elixir of life
Referat.
Designer oil crops : breeding, processing and biotechnology
Classification, origin, diffusion and history of the olive
Headspace gas chromatography in the analysis of volatile oils : a study on some aromatic plants cultivated in Finland
Jessenia and Oenocarpus: neotropical oil palms worthy of domestication
Investigation of anti-wear and antioxidation additives for vegetable oils
Practical guide to vegetable oil processing
Utilization of tropical foods: tropical oil-seeds
Green beauty recipes : easy homemade recipes to make your own natural & organic skincare, hair care, and body care products
Markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in metabolic syndrome and erectile dysfunction : arterial elasticity, oxidized LDL, fibrinogen and resting heart rate
The chemistry of essential oils : an introduction for aromatherapists, beauticians, retailers and students
The olive oil companion : the authoritative connoisseur's guide
Vegetable oils and their derivatives as fuels for CI engines : an overview
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
The yield and essential oil content of mint (Mentha ssp.) in Northern Ostrobothnia
Estimation of the oxidation level of edible oils : high-performance size-exclusion chromatography (HPSEC) applied to the early phase of oxidation
Vegetable oil fuels : proceedings of the International Conference on Plant and Vegetable Oils as Fuels, August 2-4, 1982, Holiday Inn Fargo, North Dakota
Determination of phylloquinone and menaquinones in foods by HPLC
Biodegradation studies of recycled vegetable oils, surface-active agents, and condensing wastewaters
Interactions between polyunsaturated fatty acids and probiotics
Effects of rapeseed oil on serum lipoproteins and plasma fatty acids : comparison of strictly and partially controlled human dietary interventions
Proceedings of the Olive Trends Symposium "From the Olive Tree to Olive Oil : New Trends and Future Challenges" : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Biofuels and Bioenergy : processes and Technologies
Availability of seed oils from Finnish berries : with special reference to compositional, geographical and nutritional aspects
Plant resources of South-East Asia. 14, Vegetable oils and fats
Provides a concise and easy-to-use reference on the nature of oils and fats for those working in the food industry and for those in the media seeking to advise the public on consumption. Written in a style that makes the concepts and information contained easily accessible, and using a minimum of chemical structures, the nature and composition of the constituents of oils and fats are explained. The major sources of food lipids (vegetable and animal fats) are outlined, along with their physical characteristics. The book also focuses on the current main concerns of the food industry regarding oils and fats use, including: the nutritional properties of fats and oils and their various components; links between chemical structure and physiological properties; and the role of lipids in some of the more important disease conditions such as obesity, diabetes, coronary heart disease and cancer. The final chapter is devoted to a description of the most common food uses of oils and fats.--from publisher description.
Impact of use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation on spring oilseed crops in Finland : interim report
Analysis of volatile oxidation products of microencapsulated sunflower oil by solid-phase micro extraction-gas chromatography and mass spectometry (SPME-GC-MS)
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Identification of essential oil componenets by gas chromatography/quadrupole mass spectroscopy
The biodiesel handbook
Abstracts of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003 : Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components
Gourmet and health-promoting specialty oils
Effects of dietary far oxidation products and flavonols on lipoprotein oxidation
Productivity and technical efficiency of palm oil extraction mills in Nigeria
Bailey's industrial oil and fat products. Volume 1, Edible oil and fat products: general applications
The pure gold of Spain
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Volatile oil crops : their biology, biochemistry and production
Biochemical characterisation of some Tunisia virgin olive oils obtained from different cultivars growing in Sfax National Collection
The social and environmental effects of the palm-oil industry in the Oriente of Ecuador
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
The impact of the use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation of spring oilseed crops in Finland in 2013-2015 : final report
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Yield and quality of winter oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) seeds in response to foliar application of boron
Studies on oxidation of natural triacylglycerols in a model system with and without tocopherols
Biodiesel from high FFA oils : production and utilization
Pollination biology in the genus Calceolaria L. (Calceolariaceae)
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Olive Growing : Évora, Portugal, September 9-13, 2008
Catalytic deoxygenation of renewable sources : a novel method for production of biodiesel
Animal and vegetable fats and oils : analysis by gas chromatography of methyl esters of fatty acids (ISO 5508:1990)
Processing and nutrition of fats and oils
Animal and vegetable fats and oils : determination of saponification value (ISO 3662:2009) : standardi
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Naturals and organics in cosmetics : from r & d to the marketplace
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
Cosmeceuticals and active cosmetics
Classic finishing techniques
Infrared drying of herbs
The main weed species and their control in oilseed crops in Finland
Fat : it's not what you think
In vitro N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded canola, linseed and soybean
Replacement of dietary fats : effects on serum lipids and plasma fatty acid composition with special emphasis on the metabolism of essential fatty acids
Analysis of volatile oxidation products of microencapsulated sunflower oil by solid-phase extraction-gas chromatography and mass spectrometry (SPME-GC-MS)
Epoxidation of fatty acids assisted by microwaves in the presence of organic acids and catalysed by cation exchange resin
Olive oil processing in Cyprus from the Bronze Age to the Byzantine period
A linkage map of spring turnip rape based on RFLP and RAPD markers
Stability of refined vegetable oils in deep-frying
Utilization of supercritical carbon dioxide in the analysis of triacylglycerols and isolation of berry oils
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2008-2015 = Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015
Studies on the reduction of nitrogen oxides emission in a large-bore diesel engine
Oils and fats in the food industry
Biodiesel Power : The passion, the people, and  the politics of the next renewable fuel
Absolute advantages of Finnish agriculture : why not commercialised?
Natural compounds as therapeutic agents for amyloidogenic diseases
Oil plants in Ethiopia, their taxonomy and agricultural significance
Oils of nature
Hypolipidemic effect of some vegetable oils in rats
Microbial quality of linseed and fibre hemp plants during growing and harvest seasons
Effects of variety and olive ripeness on nutritional quality and oxidative stability of extra virgin olive oils
This paper presents the results of a 3-year field experiment conducted on soil with moderate levels of boron (B) in north-eastern Poland to determine the influence of foliar application of B (0, 150 and 300 g ha-1) on the yield components, yield, mineral composition, nutritional value and feed value of winter oilseed rape seeds. Foliar application of B at the beginning of bud formation in winter oilseed rape increased seed yield by 0.19 (3%) at the lower B fertilization level to 0.26 Mg ha-1 (4%) at the higher B fertilization level. The observed increase in the yield of winter oilseed rape seeds in response to foliar application of B can be attributed to this micronutrient's positive influence on seed production in siliques. Foliar fertilization with B increased B content and decreased Zn and Fe levels in the seeds of winter oilseed rape. When B fertilizer was applied at the rate of 150-300 g ha-1, the N and Ca content of the evaluated seeds increased. The fertilizer improved the nutritional value (crude fat content, fatty acid concentrations) of seeds, but deteriorated their feed value (total protein content, acid detergent fiber concentrations, neutral detergent fiber concentrations, quantitative and qualitative composition of glucosinolates)..
The chemistry and technology of edible oils and fats and their high fat products
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
Hygienic quality of stem fractions of mechanically processed fibre hemp and linseed
Proceedings of the 1st International symposium on olive growing, Córdoba (Spain) 26-29 September 1989
Oil crops of the world : their breeding and utilization
Indo-Swedish collaborative research programme on cruciferous oilseeds 1977-1991
Characterisation of oil extracted from gourd (Cucurbita maxima) seed
Canola and rapeseed : production, chemistry, nutrition and processing technology
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
Influence of sowing depth on emergence and development of cruciferous oil crops
The N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded oilseeds were studied using an in vitro enzyme method. The N degradability and N digestibility of canola, linseed and soybean were calculated based on the proportional difference in N remaining after incubation and the initial N content. Heat treatments increased the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean, whereas that of canola was decreased by extrusion. Heat treatments did not decrease the N digestibility of the oilseeds compared to raw samples. The high N digestibility and lower acid detergent insoluble N values of heat treated oilseeds indicated no indigestible complexes were formed. In conclusion, roasting or extrusion can be used to increase the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean to increase the dietary protein availability for digestion in ruminants, but was less effective for canola. The present heat treatments did not damage the protein or affect the N digestibility of the oilseeds.
Eucalyptus leaf oils : use, chemistry, distillation and marketing
Flavours and fragrances of plant origin
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Food oils and fats : technology, utilization and nutrition
Seed oils for the future
European energy crops overview : country report for Finland
The herbal bath & body book : create custom natural products for hair and skin
From the fryer to the fuel tank : the complete guide to using vegetable oil as an alternative fuel
Positional distribution of fatty acids in plant triacylglycerols : contributing factors and chromatographic/mass spectrometric analysis
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Seed loss as a result of pod shatter in spring rape and spring turnip rape in Finland : Research Note
Brassica oilseeds : production and utilization
Genes and enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of triacylglycerol in plants and yeast
Developments in oils and fats
A survey of weeds in spring-sown oilseed crops (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera and Brassica napus ssp. oleifera) was conducted in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009, representing the first such extensive investigation in the country. The occurrence of the most abundant weed species in oilseeds was surveyed in 429 fields. In the fields with moderate or high weed infestation, 1-6 harmful weed species were recorded by visual observation according to their biomass production. About 40 weed species were recorded, the most predominant being Chenopodium album, Galeopsis spp., Galium spurium, Sonchus arvensis and Tripleurospermum inodorum. Elymus repens was the only major grass weed. Chemical weed control of broad-leaved weeds had been practised in 53% of the fields, resulting in relatively good control. In addition, both selective graminicides and glyphosate were used to control E. repens. Mechanical weed control was not practised in any field. The crop yield level was about 300 kg ha-1 higher in the fields with low weed infestation compared with in the highly infested fields. New promising options to replace the banned herbicide trifluralin are available. Thus, the most harmful weeds, such as C. album, which interferes with the production of high-quality oil for human consumption, can still be effectively controlled.
Glucosinolates in rapeseeds : analytical aspects : proceedings of a Seminar in the CEC programme of research on plant productivity, held in Gembloux (Belgium), 1-3 October 1986
Studies on a cholesterol-lowering microcrystalline phytosterol suspension in oil
Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components : proceedings of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003
The economics of oil palm
Handbook : vegetable oils and fats
Animal and vegetable fats and oils : determination of saponification value (ISO 3657:2002) : standardi
Rapeseed and canola oil : production, processing, properties and uses
Potential of hydrogenated vegetable oil (HVO) in a modern diesel engine
Analysis of oilseeds, fats and fatty foods
Replanting the tree of life : towards an international agenda for coconut palm research
Quality characteristics of edible linseed oil
Production of hydrocarbon-rich biofuels from extractives-derived materials
Lipids for functional foods and nutraceuticals
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen and phosphorus supplier to cereals and oilseed rape
Biodiesel : growing a new energy economy
Genetic and environmental variation in chemical composition of grains in barley and oats
The antimicrobial/biological activity of essential oils
The essential guide to oils : all the healing oils you will ever need for well-being and vitality
Occurrence of Plasmodiophora brassicae in Finnish turnip rape and oilseed rape fields
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) on cultivation of winter triticale, winter oilseed rape, winter wheat and maize. The average annual yields and protein yield achieved in crop rotation were studied. The field trials were carried out in north-eastern Poland in 2006-2010. The factor was dose of MBM: 1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1 or 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 and 5.0 t ha-1 every other year. The four-year experiment has proven that MBM is a valuable nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizer in cultivation of cereals and oilseed rape. By amendment of the tested meal into the soil it produced crop yield and protein yield similar to that achieved by mineral fertilization. However, the crude fat yield of rape was significantly higher under the influence of all the MBM doses. The yield-stimulating effect of MBM did not depend on the frequency of its application; therefore it is more convenient to apply it once every two years. Increasing MBM from 1.5 to 2.5 t ha-1 did not significantly increase any of the four crop yields, therefore for soils that had satisfactory nutrients content, 1 or 1.5 t ha-1 MBM is enough and increasing MBM will only increase economic burden for farmers and environmental risks.
Catalytic transformations of fatty acid derivatives for food, oleochemicals and fuels over carbon supported platinum group metals
