http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6499 fish products
fish products
Participatory landing site development for artisanal fisheries livelihoods : users' manual
Meat and fish management
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
Lactic acid bacteria associated with the spoilage of fish products
; Toxigenesis of Clostridium botulinum type E in pasteurized rainbow trout roe during extended refrigeration
Fish as food II : report from a Nordic seminar
Report of the thirteenth session of the Sub-committee on Fish Trade, Hyderabad, India, 20-24 February 2012 = Rapport de la treizième session du Sous-comité du Commerce du Poisson, Hyderabad, Inde, 20-24 février 2012 = Informe de la decimotercera reunión del Subcomité de Comercio Pesquero, Hyderabad, India, 20-24 de febrero de 2012.
Report of the eleventh session of the Sub-committee on Fish Trade, Bremen, Germany, 2-6 June 2008 = Rapport de la onzième session du Sous-comité du Commerce du Poisson, Brême, Allemagne, 2-6 Juin 2008 = Informe de la undécima reunión del Subcomité Sobre Comercio Pesquero, Bremen, Alemania, 2-6 de junio de 2008.
Responsible fish trade
Strengthening aquaculture health management in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Research update on major pathogens associated with fish products and processing of fish
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
Report of the expert consultation to develop an FAO evaluation framework to assess the conformity of public and private ecolabelling schemes with the FAO guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from marine capture fisheries, Rome, 24-26 November 2010.
Identification of lactic acid bacteria from spoiled, vacuum-packaged 'gravad' rainbow trout using ribotyping
Causes of detentions and rejections in international fish trade
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, Rome, 14-17 October 2003.
Metabolomics in dietary interventions : special emphasis on effects of grain products and fish on lipidomic profile
Report of the Eighth Session of the Subcommittee on Fish Trade : Bremen, Germany, 12-16 February 2002 = Rapport de la huitième session du Sous-comité du commerce du poisson : Brême, Allemagne, 12-16 février 2002 = Informe de la octava reunión del Subcomité sobre comercio pequero : Bremen, Alemania, 12-16 de febrero de 2002
Fish and krill protein : processing technology
Revenue distribution through the seafood value chain
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries, Rome, 23-26 May 2006.
Determination of phylloquinone and menaquinones in foods by HPLC
Report of the FAO Expert Workshop on the Application of biosecurity Measures to Control Salmonella Contamination in Sustainable Aquaculture : Mangalore, India, 19-21 January 2010.
Marine & freshwater products handbook
Fish and fishery products
Fish marketing and credit in Viet Nam
Texture, fat content and product yield of salmonids = Tekstur, fettinnhold og produktutbytte hos laksefisk
The spoilage flora of vacuum-packaged, sodium nitrite or potassium nitrate treated, cold-smoked rainbow trout stored at 4C̊ or 8C̊
Report of the KMI/APRACA/FAO Regional Workshop on the Effects of Globalization and Deregulation on Marine Capture Fisheries in Asia and the Pacific : Pusan, Republic of Korea, 11-15 October 1999.
Major pathogens associated with fish products and processing of fish
Guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland capture fisheries = Directives pour l'étiquetage écologique du poisson et des produits des pêches de capture continentales = Directrices para el ecoetiquetado de pescado y productos pesqueros de la pesca de captura continental
Sixth World Congress on Seafood Safety, Quality and Trade : 14-16 September 2005, Sydney, Australia
The quilt room : patchwork and quilting workshop
Exporting Finnish fish products into the German market
Multilingual dictionary of fish and fish products = Dictionnaire multilingue des poissons et produits de la pêche
Microbiological quality and shelf-life of vacuum-packaged 'gravad' rainbow trout stored at 3 and 8 °C
Effect of relative humidity on thermal destruction of Clostridium botulinum type E spores in vacuum-packed hot-smoked whitefish
Raw and processed fish share the identical Listeria monocytogenes pulsed-field gel electrophoresis genotypes [poster]
Principles of food sanitation
Report of the Technical Consultation on the Use of Subsidies in the Fisheries Sector, Rome, 30 June - 2 July 2004.
Report of the fourth session of the Sub-Committee on Fish Trade, Rome, 5-8 October 1993
Lactobacillus alimentarius : a specific spoilage organism in marinated herring
Surimi and surimi seafood
Guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from marine capture fisheries. Revision 1 = Directives pour l'étiquetage écologique du poisson et des produits des pêches de capture marines. Révision 1 = Directrices para el ecoetiquetado de pescado y productos pesqueros de la pesca de captura marina. Revisión 1
Report of the Expert Consultation on the FAO Guidelines for Ecolabelling for Capture Fisheries, Rome, 3-5 March 2008.
Report of the Expert Consultation on Identifying, Assessing and Reporting on Subsidies in the Fishing Industry : Rome, 3-6 December 2002.
Prevalence of Listeria monocytogenes in Finnish vacuum-packaged fishery products
Triacylglycerols and nutrition : research status and future : [10th Symposium of Food Chemistry] : University of Turku 4-5 January, 1990
Histamine in marine products : production by bacteria, measurement and prediction of formation
Characterisation of lactic acid bacteria from spoiled, vacuum-packaged, cold-smoked rainbow trout using ribotyping
Seafood proteins
Toxigenesis of Clostridium botulinum type E in pasteurized rainbow trout roe during extended refrigeration
"The main purpose of these technical guidelines is to provide general advice in support of implementation of ... the Code of conduct for responsible fisheries. The guidelines are particularly important for two reasons: i) fish and fish products are among the most traded agricultural and food commodities with more than one-third of production entering international trade. This makes it especially important to ensure that all those involved in the sector operate according to the same set of rules; and ii) trade in fish and fish products is also very important for developing countries. Fifty percent of international trade in fish and fish products originates from developing countries. This is an important source of revenue, employment and foreign exchange for these countries--P. 4 of cover.
The purpose of this thesis is to find out whether there is potential market for Finnish fish products in the grocery markets of Germany. The thesis is done to a Finnish company called Hätälä Oy. The company core business is to process fish products which it has mostly imported from Norway and Canada. They do use some Finnish fish also, but not to the extent that it could be exported. The thesis was conducted as a desktop study and as such it utilises secondary data. This is the case in most market studys. In the thesis the authors used databases such as Market Line, theories such as the PESTEL-analysis, field professional and consumer interviews to conduct a clear picture of the frozen fish segment of the German food market. Results suggest that consumer decision are guided mainly by two things: pricing being the overwhelming driver of purchase decisions and quality as a second motivator. Authors conclude that with the given information Hätälä does not have a competitive advantage in either one of the two major attributes driving purchasing decisions. Further studies in this field for Hätälä Oy has to be done with more intrest coming from the commissioners side. It is impossible to state with conviction that Hätälä products have no feasible chance in German markets as the authors did not get factual numbers from Hätälä Oy.
One perfect ingredient
Quality and marketing of cod
Functional foods and nutraceuticals
Listeria monocytogenes in fish farming and processing
Report and papers presented at the Seventh FAO Expert Consultation on Fish Technology in Africa : Saly-Mbour, Republic of Senegal, 10-13 December 2001 = Rapport et documents présentés à la septième Consultation d'experts FAO sur la technologie du poisson en Afrique : Saly-Mbour, République du Sénégal, 10-13 décembre 2001.
Committee on fisheries : report of the first session of the sub-committee on fish trade, Rome, 7-10 October 1986.
Assessment and management of seafood safety and quality
Seafood : effects of technology on nutrition
Guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from marine capture fisheries = : Directives pour l'étiquetage écologique du poisson et des produits des pêches de capture marines = Directrices para el ecoetiquetado de pescado y productos pesqueros de la pesca de captura marina
Report of the Workshop on the Harmonization of Marine Fisheries Policy within Coastal Countries of the Southern African Development Community : Zanzibar, United Republic of Tanzania, 24-27 July 2001.
Report of the FAO Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products From Inland Capture Fisheries : Rome, 25-27 May 2010.
The Conran cookbook
On the soluble nitrogen fraction of barrel-salted herring and semi-preserves during ripening
Utilization and marketing of Baltic herring
Application of modern analytical techniques to ensure seafood safety and authenticity
Abstract.
Product certification and ecolabelling for fisheries sustainability
Modified atmosphere-packed marinated chicken breast and rainbow trout quality as affected by package leakage
Thermal inactivation of nonproteolytic Clostridium botulinum type E spores in model fish media and in vacuum-packaged hot-smoked fish products
Tariffs in world seafood trade
Physical properties of kamaboko derived from walleye pollack (Theragra chalcogramma) surimi and functional properties of its enzymatic hydrolysates
This review is part of a process by the Fisheries and Aquaculture Department of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) to refine the minimum substantive requirements of the FAO guidelines for ecolabelling of marine capture fisheries, and also to consider whether a single set of requirements could be developed that was adequate to assess both marine capture fisheries and inland fisheries. Ecolabels in this context are the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) Type I environmental labels, and so are voluntary with certification based on third party assessment of the environmental effects of the product. The minimum substantive requirements are the measurable or operational requirements for assessing whether a fishery can be certified and an ecolabel awarded, and they relate to the management system, the stocks under consideration and the relevant ecosystem. This review summarizes the standards, requirements and practices for well-managed fisheries as applied through internationally-managed fisheries and through national management of fisheries. The standards, requirements and practices of existing fishery ecolabels are reviewed, including government-linked ecolabels, non-governmental ecolabels and seafood guides. Seafood guides are mostly ISO Type II or Type III ecolabels that provide self-declared claims or product descriptions against preset indices, and so are not strictly comparable to the ecolabels covered by the FAO guidelines. However, these guides are reviewed here because they are increasingly widespread, sometimes used in business procurement policies, a source of information on public expectations about sustainable fisheries and some use the results of third party assessments. The special requirements of the assessment of small-scale fisheries and developing countries fisheries are considered. The primary difficulty in relation to ecolabelling of these fisheries is also the primary difficulty with their management, generally that the cost of monitoring, assessment and management can be out of proportion to the value of the fishery and/or beyond the human and infrastructure capacity that is available. However, ecolabelling requires evidence that is verifiable and auditable through third party assessment. Methods to develop, test and apply proxies, empirical indicators and risk-based assessments are available and have been applied in both small-scale and developing state fisheries. While these assessment and management approaches have not been widely applied, and they require further development, they provide promising methods to manage fishery performance in circumstances where formal (statistical) estimation of stock condition is not possible. Inland fisheries often involve significant artificial enhancements and practices that are characteristic of aquaculture, such as species introductions and translocations, artificial breeding or feeding, disease control and animal husbandry, nutrient fertilization and intentional habitat modification. These practices are counter to the current norms and requirements of wild capture fisheries, which emphasize use of naturally occurring species and the maintenance of natural biodiversity, productivity and ecosystem processes. The importance of distinguishing between wild capture fisheries, enhanced fisheries and aquaculture in ecolabelling schemes is emphasized, because otherwise products with very different ecological impacts and performance standards could appear in the marketplace with the same ecolabel. Presently, the extent of aquaculturelike enhancements that would be acceptable in a capture fishery ecolabel is unclear, and this requires further development. But suggested interim criteria are provided for enhancements that are consistent with modern capture fisheries management and that could be acceptable in a capture fishery ecolabel. Based on this review, minimum substantive requirements are suggested for the FAO guidelines on ecolabelling of marine capture fisheries.
Salting and ripening of herring : collection and analysis of research results and industrial experience within the Nordic countries
Type E botulism associated with vacuum-packaged hot-smoked whitefish
Fifth World Fish Inspection and Quality Control Congress : 20-22 October 2003, The Hague, Netherlands
Freezing and refrigerated storage in fisheries
Fishery products
Guide to Community legislation applicable to the industry processing fishery and aquaculture products
Report of the Tenth Session of the Subcommittee on Fish Trade : Santiago de Compostela, Spain, 30 May-2 June 2006 = Rapport de la dixième session du Sous-comité du commerce du poisson : Saint-Jacques-de-Compostelle, Espagne, 30 mai-2 juin 2006 = Informe de la décima reunión del Subcomité sobre comercio pequero : Santiago de Compostela, España, 30 de mayo-2 de junio de 2006
Marketing of aquacultured seabass and seabream from the Mediterranean basin
Report and papers presented at the Second Workshop on Fish Technology, Utilization and Quality Assurance in Africa : Agadir, Morocco, 24-28 November 2008 = Rapport et documents présentés au deuxième Atelier sur la technologie, l'utilisation et l'assurance de qualité du poisson en Afrique : Agadir, Maroc, 24-28 novembre 2008.
Application of risk assessment in the fish industry
Both raw and processed fish share the identical Listeria monocytogenes pulsotypes (P-A15)
The cultural smell of fermented fish : about the development of a local product in Norway
Report of the twelfth session of the Sub-committee on Fish Trade, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 26-30 April 2010 = Rapport de la douzième session du Sous-comité du Commerce du Poisson, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 26-30 Avril 2010 = Informe de la duodécima reunión del Subcomité Sobre Comercio Pesquero, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 26-30 April 2010.
Fish processing technology
Advances in fish science and technology
The effect of genes and diet on Alzheimer's disease-related molecular mechanisms : Influence of ubiquilin-1 and dietary lipids
Modified atmospheric processing and packaging of fish : filtered smokes, carbon monoxide, and reduced oxygen packaging
Potential of the German fish market for Hätälä Oy
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
Food safety regulations applied to fish by major importing countries
Report of the Expert Consultation on Technical Guidelines for Responsible Fish Trade : Silver Spring, United States of America, 22-26 January 2007
Post-harvest losses in small-scale fisheries : case studies in five sub-Saharan African countries
In 2005 the Twenty-sixth Session of the Committee on Fisheries (COFI) adopted FAO Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, and at the same time recommended that FAO prepare international guidelines on the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland fisheries. In response FAO convened an Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries in 2006. After considering the initial draft Guidelines produced by the 2006 Expert Consultation, COFI, at its Twenty-seventh Session, recommended that FAO undertake further work in relation to the minimum substantive requirements and criteria for both marine and inland capture fisheries and in 2008 FAO convened an Expert Consultation to address these issues. The 2008 Expert Consultation proposed revisions to the marine guidelines and draft inland guidelines and it requested further clarification on definitions and scope of the inland capture fishery guidelines, especially in regards to enhanced inland fisheries. The COFI Sub-Committee on Trade (COFI:FT) at its Eleventh Session recommended that an Expert Consultation be convened to address these issues and the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI agreed that further work was needed. The Expert Consultation on the Development of Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries was convened in Rome, 25-27 May 2010. The Expert Consultation reviewed the Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries (Revision 1) adopted by the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI and published by FAO in 2009, the report of the Expert Consultation on the FAO Guidelines for Ecolabelling Capture Fisheries (2008), the report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries (2006) and a background paper prepared by an FAO consultant that synthesized main points from the above documents. The Expert Consultation reviewed and refined draft Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries for consideration by the Twenty-ninth Session of COFI. The draft Guidelines follow closely the structure, language and conceptual approach of the revised Marine Guidelines. Many changes to the draft Guidelines primarily relate to the scope and minimum substantive requirements for ecolabelling inland capture fisheries, especially regarding enhanced fisheries. Aquaculture and enhanced fisheries that are solely dependent on material originating from aquaculture were excluded from the scope of the guidelines.
Gathering economic data on fish processing companies
The importance of securing a safe and wholesome food supply is receiving more attention than ever before. Although the fish industry has been at the forefront of implementing food quality and safety regulations and programmes, the availability and harmonization of scientific information related to the safety and quality of fishery products require improvement. And with increasing demands and higher standards facing the food industry, there is a growing need for special programmes to help developing countries implement new international instruments.
Use of nisin and lactic acid/lactate to improve the microbial and sensory quality of rainbow throuth products
Chemical composition of Baltic herring : effects of processing and storage on fatty acids, mineral elements and volatile compounds
Nutrition labeling handbook
Review of ecolabelling schemes for fish and fishery products from capture fisheries
Microbiology handbook : fish and seafood
Raw material characteristics and treatment - effects on yield and quality of cold-smoked Atlantic salmon = Råmaterialets betydning for utbytte og kvalitet på kald-røykt Atlantisk laks
Microbiological quality of Finnish vacuum-packaged fishery products at retail level
More efficient utilization of fish fisheries products : proceedings of the International Symposium on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the Japanese Society of Fisheries Science, held in Kyoto, Japan, 7-10 October 2001
Synopsis of selected R & D projects in the field of fisheries and aquaculture
Papers presented at the eighth session of the Indo-Pacific Fishery Commission Working Party on Fish Technology and Marketing, Yogjakarta, Indonesia, 24-27 September 1991.
Technological change in the Pacific Coast canned salmon industry: 1864-1924
The FAO Technical Cooperation Programme (TCP) Project TCP/BiH/3101 "Strengthening Aquaculture Health Management", implemented between late 2006 and mid-2009, was aimed at increasing the effectiveness and efficiency of the State Veterinary Office of Bosnia and Herzegovina on aquatic animal health management to support sustainable and healthy aquaculture production of the country. In this way, Bosnia and Herzegovina will improve the value and efficiency of aquaculture production through the implementation of international aquatic animal health and food safety standards, especially those of its trading partners in Europe. The project developed national policies on aquatic animal health and strengthened the capacity of veterinary administration, inspectors, laboratories and producers in improving compliance with international health and food safety and quality requirements and practices. The project also assisted in disseminating the lessons learned to neighbouring trading partners in order to promote future regional cooperation in aquaculture and aquatic animal health management. This publication, one of the major documentation outputs of the above TCP, contains a series of seven contributed papers that were presented by national consultants and international experts to participants attending the series of workshops organized by the project. These papers contain information on: (i) project overview and highlights of implementation; (ii) development of national policy and strategy for aquaculture; (iii) European Union animal health requirements for aquacultured animals and their products; (iv) status of national aquaculture development; (v) aquatic animal health surveillance and disease control system in Bosnia and Herzegovina; (vi) national health status of aquatic animals and (vii) aquacultured fish and fishery product quality and safety in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Report and proceedings of the sixth FAO Expert Consultation on Fish Technology in Africa, Kisumu, Kenya 27-30 August 1996 = Rapport et contributions de la sixième Consultation d'experts FAO sur la technologie du poisson en Afrique, Kisumu, Kenya 27-30 ao
Adenosine triphosphate breakdown products as a freshness indicator of some fish species and fish products
