http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6491 department of health services
department of health services
"A wide range of entrepreneurial initiatives have been introduced within European health care systems during the last decade. While these initiatives promised more efficient management, they also triggered concerns about reduced equity and quality in service provision. This book explores emerging regulatory strategies that seek to capture the benefits of entrepreneurial innovation without sacrificing the core policy objectives of a socially responsible health care system. It opens with an extended essay on current trends and evidence across health care subsectors and across countries, presenting a wide range of alternatives for policy makers, and assessing their relative advantages and disadvantages. It then reviews entrepreneurialism and regulation in specific contexts (such as hospitals, primary health care, social services) and considers related issues including the impact of corruption and the potential lessons from deregulation of public utilities. Regulating Entrepreneurial Behaviour in European Health Care Systems brings together the perspectives of politics, economics, management, medicine, public health and law and will be a valuable resource for students, academics, practitioners and policy makers concerned with health policy and health reform." -- (Back Cover)
Abstract.
The health risks of young travellers
English summary.
Abstract: Statistical yearbook on social welfare and health care 2001.
Putting people at the center of sustainable development : proceedings of the Expert Meeting on the Social Dimension in Sustainable Development, October 15-17, 1998 in Helsinki and at the Baltic Sea Centre at Kellokoski, Finland. Volume 2, Contributed papers
Abstract in Finnish.
The invisible war in North Kurdistan
Privatization of public sector activities : with a special focus on telecommunications, energy, health and community services
Abstract:  Accountability in the public sector applied to municipal social and health care.
Scientists as midwives to cluster emergence : an interpretative case study of functional foods
Management accounting in health care organizations
Constructing intercultural competence in Italian social service and healthcare organizations : pedagogical design, effectiveness research, and alternative visions for promoting ethnorelativism
Quality in health care : strategic issues in health care management
Tourism in turbulent times : towards safe experiences for visitors
Non-response to baseline, non-response to follow-up and mortality in the Whitehall II cohort
Process of burnout : structure, antecedents, and consequences
The management and leadership of nurse managers in top positions within health care
The new managerialism and public service professions : change in health, social services, and housing
The innovator's prescription : a disruptive solution for health care
Leading for health and wellbeing
In search of efficiency : NordDRG based pricing and case-mix accounting
Sickness absence and working conditions in the food industry
Interactive two-step training and management strategy for improvement of the quality of point-of-care testing by nurses : implementation of the strategy in blood glucose measurement
Nursing administration in the 21st century : a self-care theory approach
Interpersonal conflicts at work : impact on health behavior, psychiatric morbidity and work disability
Occupational stress in working women and the benefits of relaxation training : studies on bank employees, home helps and hospital cleaners
Talk about power - the interaction between politicians and employees in municipal social and health services
Green accounting, air pollution and health
Cleaning in tomorrow's world : Third International Congress on Professional Cleaning 30. September - 1. October 2002, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Effects of physical activity and fitness on the psychological wellbeing of young men and working adults : associations with stress, mental resources, overweight and workability
Creation and domestication of global policy trends : the case of national bioethics committees
Home care for ageing populations : a comparative analysis of domiciliary care in Denmark, the United States and Germany
Growth of Finnish health care service firms
Information technology acceptance in the Finnish social and healthcare sector : exploring the effects of cultural factors
Regulating entrepreneurial behaviour in European health care systems
Efficiency in the social services
Market research in health and social care
Social and medical emergency : preparedness and response unit
Hospitality and health : issues and developments
Economic difficulties and common mental disorders among Finnish and British white-collar employees: the contribution of social and behavioural factors
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Governing home care : a cross-national comparison
Terveydenhuollon trendit 2004 = Trender inom hälsovården 2004 = Trends in health care 2004.
Financial management of health care organizations : an introduction to fundamental tools, concepts, and applications
What works? : evidence-based policy and practice in public services
The role of the pharmaceutical sector in malaria control in Ghana
The effective health care supervisor
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Formal structure and intra-organisational networks : an analysis in a combined social and health organization in Finland
Complex policy planning : the government strategic management of the social care market
Summary.
Women and madness : the incarceration of women in nineteenth-century France
Abstract: Promoting social entrepreneurship.
The fire and EMS department safety officer
"The governance of public hospitals in Europe is changing. Individual hospitals have been given varying degrees of semi-autonomy within the public sector and empowered to make key strategic, financial, and clinical decisions themselves. This study explores the major developments and their implications for national and European health policy. The study focuses on hospital-level decision-making and draws together both theoretical and practical evidence. It includes an in-depth assessment of eight different country models of semi-autonomy, in the Czech Republic, England, Estonia, Israel, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal and Spain. The evidence that emerges throws light on the shifting relationships between public-sector decision-making and hospital-level organizational behaviour and will be of real and practical value to those working with this increasingly important and complex mix of approaches." -- (Back Cover)
Integrating health and social care services for older persons : evidence from nine European countries
Europeanization, care and gender global complexities
Medicare at maturity : achievements, lessons & challenges
Governing public hospitals : reform strategies and the movement towards institutional autonomy
Accountability in the public sector applied to municipal social and health care
Employment status and health after privatisation in white collar civil servants : prospective cohort study
Managing the information systems resource in health care : findings from two IS projects
Accountability
