http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p651 toxicology
toxicology
Principles of genetic toxicology
The complete book of pesticide management : science, regulation, stewardship, and communication
Effects of organic material on the bioavailability, toxicokinetics and toxicity of xenobiotics in freshwater organisms
Activated carbon amendments for sediment remediation : reduction of aquatic and biota concentrations of PCBs, and secondary effects on Lumbriculus variegatus and Chironomus riparius
Garner`s veterinary toxicology
Veterinary toxicology
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 11, Nervous system and behavioral toxicology
PCBs : recent advances in environmental toxicology and health effects
Toxicology for non-toxicologists
Ecotoxicity assessment of biodegradable plastics and sewage sludge in compost and in soil
Food toxicology. Part A, Principles and concepts
Medieval Arabic toxicology: The book on poisons of Ibn Waḥshīya and its relation to early Indian and Greek texts
Handbook of toxicologic pathology
Registry of toxic effects of chemical substances (RTECS). Comprehensive guide to the RTECS
The subtle beast : snakes, from myth to medicine
The chemistry and manufacture of cosmetics. 1, Science
Environmental toxicology : First International Conference on Environmental Toxicology
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 6, Cardiovascular toxicology
Joint meeting of the Finnish Society of Toxicology and the British Toxicology Society, 4-6 July, 1996 Tampere, Finland : abstracts
Calculated risks : understanding the toxicity and human health risks of chemicals in our environment
Transport, bioavailability and effects of Ky-5 and CCA wood preservative components in aquatic environment
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials / Vol. 1
Progress in research on toxicity of organophosphates : satellite symposium of the 12th Annual Meeting of the Finnish Society of Toxicology, May 23, 1991, Kuopio
Small animal toxicology
Toxicology
A textbook of modern toxicology
Veterinary and human toxicology
Principles of ecotoxicology
Development of analytical methods for ultra-trace determination of total mercury and methyl mercury in natural water and peat soil samples for environmental monitoring
Computational toxicology : methods and applications for risk assessment
Effects of birch tar oils on soil organisms and plants
Novel cellular luminescence probes for immunologiccal and toxicological assessments
Adverse drug reactions
Pesticide Residues in Food 2008 : report of the Joint Meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide residues in food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues Rome, Italy, 9-18 September 2008.
Principles and methods of toxicology
Safety assessment of cosmetics in Europe
"This Twelfth edition of Dangerous Properties of Industrial Materials includes comprehensive hazard information on the substances encountered in the workplace. The objective of the work is to promote safety by providing the most up-to-date hazard information available"--
A guide to practical toxicology : evaluation, prediction and risk
"Since its inception in the early 1950's, this book has become the "bible" for those who need to evaluate the hazard of substances used in commerce. The book contains extensive data on approximately 28,000 substances. It is designed to fill the information needs of professionals who must work with and evaluate the hazards of chemicals"--
Molecular, clinical and environmental toxicology. Volume 1, Molecular toxicology
"Written primarily as a textbook for upper-level undergraduate and beginning graduate students, this book provides fundamental knowledge concerning the biological and health effects of pollutants on living systems. Also able to serve as a reference for professionals, the book stresses the chemical and biological characteristics of major pollutants found in the air, water, and soil, and their impacts on the health and wellbeing of humans, animals, and plants. This new edition is greatly expanded and updated, includes a color insert, and contains a new chapter on Occupational Toxicology"--Provided by publisher.
Chemical consequences : environmental mutagens, scientist activism, and the rise of genetic toxicology
<p><i>Environmental Toxicology</i> is the third volume of a three-volume set on molecular, clinical and environmental toxicology that offers a comprehensive and in-depth response to the increasing importance and abundance of chemicals of daily life. By providing intriguing insights far down to the molecular level, this three-volume work covers the entire range of modern toxicology with special emphasis on recent developments and achievements. It is written for students and professionals in medicine, science, public health or engineering who are demanding reliable information on toxic or potentially harmful agents and their adverse effects on the human body.</p>
Introduction to food toxicology
Laboratory animal endocrinology : hormonal action, control mechanisms and interactions with drugs
Behavioral toxicology
Eisler's encyclopedia of environmentally hazardous priority chemicals
Investigations of the toxicological and biological properties of xylitol
The chemistry and manufacture of cosmetics. 1, Basic science
Principles and Practice of Mixtures Toxicology
General and applied toxicology. Vol. 1
Dictionary of toxicology
Molecular, clinical and environmental toxicology. Volume 3, Environmental toxicology
Temperature and toxicology : an integrative, comparative, and environmental approach
Ecotoxicological assessment using six pharmaceuticals commonly found in wastewaters
Herbal supplements and the brain : understanding their health benefits and hazards
This first comprehensive treatment of the subject for more than a decade includes the latest research on nanoparticle toxicology. The practical handbook addresses all areas where toxic mixtures are encountered, from environmental via occupational to medical settings, giving special consideration to air and water, and to the specific requirements for study design in mixture toxicology. While no extensive prior knowledge or toxicological experience is required, the practice-oriented case studies and examples in the second part make this the ideal companion for the professional toxicologist in industry or healthcare institutions with little time for academic study.
Chemistry, health and environment
Analytical toxicology of fluorinated inhalation anaesthetics
General and applied toxicology. Vol. 2
Plants and the chemical elements : biochemistry, uptake, tolerance and toxicity
Statistics in toxicology
Macroalgal community dynamics on coral reefs : implications for management
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 1, General principles
The inheritor's powder : a cautionary tale of poison, betrayal and greed
Reproductive and Developmental Toxicology
Theoretical and mathematical foundations of human health risk analysis : biophysical theory of environmental heatlh science
Pesticide Residues in Food 2009 : report of the Joint Meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide residues in food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues Geneva, Switzerland, 16-25 September 2009.
Plant toxicology
Calculated risks : the toxicity and human health risks of chemicals in our environment
Dictionary of Toxicology, 3rd Edition presents a compendium of definitions of all current toxicological terminology. This authoritative reference illustrates and describes words, concepts, acronyms and symbols for both the toxicological theory and applied risk assessment, as well as providing guidance on the correct selection of problematic, similar and frequently-misused terms.
Clinical toxicology : principles and mechanisms
Comparative biochemistry and physiology. C, Comparative pharmacology and toxicology
Handbook of analytical toxicology
Lander`s veterinary toxicology
Fundamental toxicology for chemists
Chemical food safety : a scientist's perspective
Dealing with uncertainty
Mixture toxicity : linking approaches from ecological and human toxicology / edited by Cornelis A. M. van Gestel ... [et al.]
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 12, Chemical carcinogens and anticarcinogens
Metal ions in toxicology : effects, interactions, interdependencies
Joint Meeting of the Finnish Society of Toxicology and the British Toxicology Society, July 4-6, 1996, Tampere Hall ... Tampere, Finland : abstracts
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 7, Renal toxicology
Molecular and biochemical toxicology
Particle toxicology
Analytical toxicology methods manual
Clinical toxicology
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials / Vol. 3
Cosmetic microbiology : a practical handbook
Biochemical toxicology of insecticides
Nutritional toxicology. Vol. 2
Biological effects of the thermostable β-exotoxin produced by different serotypes of Bacillus thuringiensis
Health effects of toxic substances
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 8. vuositapaaminen Helsingissä 26.-27.8.2014 = 8th Annual FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) Meeting at the University of Helsinki, August 26-27, 2014.
Dangerous properties of industrial materials. Vol. 3, F-Z
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials / Vol. 2
Clinical veterinary toxicology
Water research in Finland 2002-2006 : international evaluation
The poison paradox : chemicals as friends and foes
Multiple stress in Pisidium amnicum (Bivalvia) : interactions of toxic chemicals, seasonal temperatures and trematode parasites
Handbook of detergents. Part B, Environmental impact
Handbook of poisoning in dogs and cats
Toxicants in aqueous ecosystems : a guide for the analytical and environmental chemist
Journal of biochemical and molecular toxicology
Approaches to high throughput toxicity screening
Natural arsenic in groundwaters of Latin America
Dietary supplements : toxicology and clinical pharmacology
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 4, Toxicology of the hematopoietic system
General and applied toxicology
A field guide to common animal poisons
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 2, Toxicological testing and evaluation
Ullmann's Industrial Toxicology
Environmental pollution : health and toxicology
Handbook of elemental speciation II : species in the environment, food, medicine and occupational health
Assessment 2007 : oil and gas activities in the Arctic - effects and potential effects. Volume 2
Cadmium : 3rd IUPAC cadmium workshop, Juelich, FRG, August 1985
Advancing the ecotoxicological relevancy of zebrafish : application of early-juvenile 20dpfZF to assess xenoestrogenicity of environmental chemicals and samples
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 3, Biotransformation
Reviews of environmental contamination and toxicology
Bone as a target for persistent organic pollutants
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 9, Hepatic and gastrointestinal toxicology
Toxicology of nivalenol in farm animals, and methods of its production and analysis
Handbook of developmental toxicology
Treatises on poisons, hemorrhoids, cohabitation
Health effects of hazardous materials
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 5, Toxicology of the immune system
General and applied toxicology : vol 1-3
Environmental chemistry and toxicology of aluminum
Casarett and Doull's toxicology : the basic science of poisons. Companion handbook
Drug abuse handbook
Common weeds poisonous to grazing livestock : part A
10th Annual Symposium of the Finnish Society of Toxicology : abstracts = Suomen toksikologiyhdistyksen vuosikokous : Turku, 19.-20.5.1989
General and applied toxicology. Vol. 3
Genomics of foodborne bacterial pathogens
Butanols - four isomers: 1-butanol, 2-butanol, tert-butanol, isobutanol
Biomarkers - regulatory and toxicological perspectives
Genotoxicity assessment : methods and protocols
Nutritional toxicology
Occupational toxicology
PAHs: comparative biotransformation and trophic transfer of their metabolites in the aquatic environment : fate of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in aquatic experiments
Residue reviews
Plant communication from an ecological perspective
Mineral levels in animal health : diagnostic data
The water environment : algal toxins and health
Toxicology : principles and applications
Healthy beauty : your guide to ingredients to avoid and products you can trust
Environmental toxicology : biological and health effects of pollutants
Concepts in toxicology
Common weeds poisonous to grazing livestock : part B
Food additive toxicology
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 10, Reproductive and endocrine toxicology
Principles of environmental toxicology
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 9. vuositapaaminen : The Future of Pharma, 19.-21.8.2015 = FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) 9th Annual Meeting : The Future of Pharma, August 19.-21.2015
Abstracts : XIII Scandinavian Workshop on In Vitro Toxicology : 21.-24.9.1995 Tampere, Finland
Ecotoxicological testing of organic chemicals on early life stages of salmonid fish at environmentally realistic temperatures
An introduction to immunotoxicology
Molecular, clinical and environmental toxicology. Volume 2, Clinical toxicology
Food toxicology. Part B, Contaminants and additives
Insects and wildlife : arthropods and their relationships with wild vertebrate animals
Computational Toxicology: Methods and Applications for Risk Assessment is an essential reference on the translation of computational toxicology data into information that can be used for more informed risk assessment decision-making. This book is authored by leading international investigators who have real-world experience in relating computational toxicology methods to risk assessment. Key topics of interest include QSAR modeling, chemical mixtures, applications to metabolomic and metabonomic data sets, toxicogenomic analyses, applications to REACH informational strategies and much more. With a free companion website featuring an image bank from the book and web links for further research and reading, this authoritative reference is your complete guide to computational toxicology methods and applications to risk assessment. Authored by leading international researchers engaged in cutting-edge applications of computational methods for translating complex toxicological data sets into useful risk assessment informationIncorporates real-world examples of how computational toxicological methods have been applied to advance the science of risk assessment Provides the framework necessary for new technologies and fosters common vocabularies and principles upon which the effects of new chemical entities should be compared.
Nitrate and man : toxic, harmless or beneficial?
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 13, Indexes
Assessment of sediment toxicity using the midge Chironomus riparius (Diptera: Chironomidae)
Encyclopedia of toxicology
Selective toxicity : the physico-chemical basis of therapy
Principles of animal extrapolation
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 8, Toxicology of the respiratory system
Persistent organic pollutants (POPs) are ubiquitous and bioaccumulative man-made chemicals, resistant to chemical, biological and photolytic degradation and widely distributed to sediments, wildlife, and human. Many of these chemicals have adverse effects on a variety of targets, including the endocrine system, organogenesis and reproduction. Due to these effects and wide distribution, many of them are either banned or strictly controlled. However, because of persistency, they continue to interact with organisms globally.Despite the existing knowledge of the adverse effects of POPs, the effects of many chemicals on bone tissue are still poorly known. In the present study, we investigated the adverse effects of three common POPs, including tributyltin (TBT), 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) and perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) on the skeletal system. In vitro models were used to study the effects of PFOA in mouse and in human, and the co-effects of TBT and TCDD on differentiating osteoblasts and osteoclasts of mice. An in vivo model for mice was used to study the developmental effects of maternal PFOA-exposure on pups among with morphometrical and biomechanical property analyses. Mass-spectrometry was used to study the presence of PFOA in bones both in mice and in human, the latter acquired from the bone bank held in the Oulu University Hospital, Finland. The bones were also analyzed with cone beam computer tomography and microcomputer tomography.The results show that PFOA exposure in utero and during lactation leads to the accumulation of PFOA in bone, traceable even 17 months after exposure. PFOA exposure decreased the mineral density of the tibias and increased the medullary area. Nearly all of the human samples contained PFAS, including PFOA. PFOA also disturbed the differentiation of osteoblasts and with lower doses, increased bone resorption of osteoclasts both in mouse and human, the phenomenon being slightly stronger in mice. Co-exposure to TBT and TCDD led to decreased differentiation of osteoblasts and osteoclast, and the co-effect was partially synergistic in osteoblasts.These results show disruption of bone development, bone cell differentiation, and PFAS accumulation in bone. Further studies are recommended to evaluate the co-effects of different POPs and the possible effects of long-term accumulation of POPs in bone and other tissues.
Carbon nanoparticles in aquatic environments : fate of fullerenes (C60) in freshwaters and their effects on organisms
Endogenous toxins : diet genetics, disease and treatment. Volume 2
PCR protocols in molecular toxicology
Endogenous toxins : diet genetics, disease and treatment. Volume 1
Mycotoxins in grain : compounds other than aflatoxin
Regulation of murine hepatic <em>Cytochrome P450 2a5</em> expression by transcription factor Nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2
Acute and chronic effects of carbon nanoparticles fullerenes(C60) on aquatic invertebrate Chironomus riparius
Cocaine : effects on the developing brain
Introduction to toxicology
Chronic copper poisoning in sheep
Acute toxicity of elaidyl-1,2,-carborane carboxylate (eec) in rats
Water quality critera for European freshwater fish : revised report on combined effects on freshwater fish and other aquatic life of mixtures of toxicants in water
