http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6517 experience tourism
experience tourism
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
The ethical travel guide : your passport to exciting alternative holidays
The time, the place : [365 days of awesome travel experiences around the world]
Abstract: Comparison of the Companies Winterdance Dog Sled and Nature Point Paljakka.
The adventure capital of the world
The Trans-Siberian Railway : a traveller's anthology
Mark Carwardine's ultimate wildlife experiences
Managing sacred sites : service provision and visitor experience
Cooks, clowns and cowboys : 101 skills and experiences to discover on you travels
Adventure motorcycling : everything you need to plan and complete the journey of a lifetime
Norway to break another record
Development plan for the Ruka Disc Golf Park
Feasibility Study for a Start-Up Enterprise
How to engage customers in a memorable way?
Dolphins at 10 o'clock! : researching whale watching as a form of ecotourism with applications for Hong Kong
What do tourists consider as memorable experiences?
Conceptualizing special interest tourism : frameworks for analysis
Product Development in Dark Tourism : Case: Topography of Terror (Berlin, Germany)
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
No baggage : a tale of love & wandering
Quality tourism experiences
Tourism Product Development : Case: Christmas Tourism - Kuhmo Kalevala Spirit Christmas Village
The importance of staging a tourism experience
Film Tourism: Study on How Films Can Be Used to Promote Tourism
Adventure motorcycling manual : everything you need to plan and complete the journey of a lifetime
Motivation Factors in Dark Tourism : case: House of Terror
Motorcycle journeys through Western Europe
Tourism in Brazil : environment, management and segments
London for lovers : romantic days and nights out in the city
Sport & tourism : a reader
To Prussia with love misadventures in rural East Germany
Grand adventures
The Lonely Planet guide to experimental travel
Articles on experiences. 3, Christmas experiences
Sport tourism development
Adventure travel as experience seeking : a study of personality traits and the individual
CouchSurfers' motivations to host travelers in Spain
Thanatourism : case studies in travel to the dark side
THE IMPACT OF ENTERTAINMENT ON THE TOURISM SECTOR : Case study: Agency Remarc Greece
Dive : the ultimate guide : 70 of the world's top dive destinations
Marketing of adventure travels  : Destination South-America
"The best places to go and things to do all around the world right now! Drawing on the knowledge, passion and miles travelled by Lonely Planet's staff, authors and online community, we present a year's worth of travel inspiration to take you out of the ordinary and into some unforgettable experiences!"--Publisher description.
Adventure tourism : meaning, experience and learning
Marketing of adventure travels : destination South-America
Gap years for grown ups
A year of adventures : a guide to where, what and when to do it
Clean breaks : 500 new ways to see the world
Tourism Marketing Opportunities in Russia : case : Kallioplanetaario
Analysing and developing corporate social responsibility in Merlin Entertainments Group and the Sea Life aquariums
Film-induced tourism
The objective of this thesis was to examine the thoughts and prejudices CouchSurfing evoke in people who had not previously heard of CouchSurfing. Additionally, the views expressed by people who had previously heard about the phenomenon were also studied. The aim was also to determine how these prejudices affected the behaviour of people. The purpose was to understand different aspects and give a more comprehensive picture of CouchSurfing through this thesis. The theoretical framework of the thesis was mainly based on the official CouchSurfing web pages but also various other Internet pages, as well as articles and literature on the topic. The study was conducted by means of a questionnaire sent by e-mail, i.e. distributed to people via Facebook, students of HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences and CouchSurfing members. The research methodology employed was quantitative. The questionnaire results were collected during the period of 28.10-12.11.2011. Altogether there were 407 answers; 52 from the people who heard about CouchSurfing for the first time and 355 from individuals who were aware of it or already members. The results indicated that the prejudices some people had beforehand changed even considerably however, of course there were also people who maintained their opinion. Mainly the biggest doubt concerned safety issues and trusting people. However, once people got to know the social network better they realized that there are several safety measures taken. Naturally, using common sense was also required. Various people were not aware of CouchSurfing beforehand, but the questionnaire seemed to evoke the curiosity and interest of some participants. In conclusion, the research questions set in the beginning were answered. There most likely will be more interest towards the project in the future. The most useful approach could be sharing personal experiences with people who showed interest towards CouchSurfing. By combining the information from the web site with shared experiences the knowledge would become more comprehensive.
A tripartite model of tourist experience
100 family adventures
A canoeing package through the archipelago : product development for 7 bridges archipelago
Handbook for experience stagers
The Backpacker
Walking the world's natural wonders / [34 walking routes]
Entrepreneurial opportunity identification in adventure tourism : process abd individual factors
Lonely Planet's best in travel 2011 : the best trends, destinations, journeys & experiences for the upcoming year
101 romantic weekends in Europe
The rough guide to first-time around the world
Adventure motorcycling handbook : a route & planning guide
Great motorcycle journeys of the world
Summary in Estonian.
Tourism product development : case: Christmas Tourism - Kuhmo Kalevala Spirit Christmas Village
Epic bike rides of the world : explore the planet's most thrilling cycling routes
Renewing Team Competition for Himos-Safaris
Leisure travel reservations through online channel : attitudes and motivations among students
TimeOut Adventure : Earth's most thrilling experiences
Lonely Planet's 1000 ultimate adventures : from the world's leading travel authority
Online commercial sites are growing and travel is the fastest growing segment of online commerce. Customers are more and more researching their travel on the Internet. Online leisure travel planners using the Internet are likely to be savvy Internet users. In this thesis the students? online buying behavior is examined.  For the research an extensive theoretical review was undertaken with readings of relevant literature. Theoretical concepts such as general customer buying process, online buying decision-making process, online consumer behavior and theories of use of the Internet in travel industry were carefully studied in this research. A quantitative questionnaire was conducted in the purpose of gaining better understanding of students? attitudes and motivations toward online travel reservation. The primary data was collected through online questionnaire, which was sent to e-mail addresses of a population of 867 students at TUAS. The questionnaire was open for nine days and during this time 88 replies were received.  The findings indicate that students use online travel websites very commonly when booking a trip. Students have very positive attitude toward online reservations. Students? web experience is positive. Searching for product information and holiday planning are done over the Internet. Remarkable finding was the fact that only 8% of all respondents use brochure when planning their holiday. Additionally smart phones and mobile devices are not used for making travel reservations. According to this research, social media and blogs are not so important information channel for the students.
"'Since the 1990s, tourism has become a major driver of economic activity and community development in Brazil. New policies and approaches, growing expertise and investment in tourism have brought significant transformation in tourism products, destination development and community involvement. In addition Brazil will be hosting two major sport events in the years ahead, i.e. the Soccer World Cup, in 2014, and the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, in 2016. Brazil offers many cultural and natural attractions but, similar to many other developing countries, it still struggles with issues such as infrastructure, accessibility, product development, service quality, market access and workforce training. This book provides an in-depth examination of tourism in Brazil, critically reviewing its development and management. The social, economic, political and environmental contexts of this emerging global power provide an intriguing backdrop. The book considers important development issues such as the changing policy context, community benefit tourism and indigenous tourism. It explores the impacts of tourism on the environment, changing community attitudes towards tourism, transport infrastructure and sustainability issues in events. Particular segments are explored including backpacker tourism, sensual tourism, adventure tourism and ecotourism and the implications for tourism research and education are examined. The book draws from theoretical foundations and practical insights, and gives voice to Brazilian researchers who are actively engaged in researching tourism. Drawing from cutting edge cross-cultural research, this original and timely book will be of interest to students, researchers and academics in the areas of Tourism, Geography and related disciplines.'"--
Representations of corporal backpacker travel in a televised travel programme
A year of adventures : a guide to the world's most exciting experiences
CouchSurfing - a choice for travellers
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
Sustainable tourism : a global perspective
The holiday goddess handbag guide to Paris, New York, London and Rome
Canoe in Finland
The central library as the steppingstone of Helsinki : developing new service design for an authentic tourist experience
Articles on experiences . 3, Christmas experiences
The rough guide to first-time around the world : [a trip planner for the ultimate journey]
Weddings in the Wonderworld of Ice : Designing a wedding package for ICIUM Ice Park
CouchSurfing : a choice for travellers
Religious tourists : constructing authentic experiences in late modern Hungarian catholicism
A place to walk : unforgettable walking holidays from around the world
Make the most of your time on earth : the rough guide to the world
Evaluation of opportunities for extreme tour in the Republic of Karelia for young people from Helsinki
A meaningful experience : how is it done
Intercultural communication in experience tourism in the Inari area
Customer involvement in new experiential tourism service development : evidence in wellbeing and nature tourism contexts
A short ride in the jungle : the Ho Chi Minh Trail by motorcycle
The New Zealand adventure guide
Great cycle journeys of the world
The world's great adventure motorcycle routes : the essential guide to the greatest motorcycle rides in the world
Great yoga retreats
Viimeinen koski Jongunjoella = Trapped in Whitewater : a river rescue
Rock Hellsinki, Marketing Research
The Experience of Shopping for Tourists
The Trans-Siberian railway : a traveller's anthology
Abstract: Nuremberg : experience tourism to the stages of the Third Reich.
Code green : experiences of a lifetime
A meaningful experience : how is it done?
Profiling the Adventure Tourist : Case Study New Zealand
World adventure dives : [the world's most exciting wreck, cave, shark and big fish dives
Handbook for experience tourism agents
Wellness tourism and the spa industry : building bridges : Global spa summit, Istanbul, May 2010 : delegates' pack
Marketing Finland as an adventure travel destination for german travellers : case: KymiSun and Ruunaa Hiking Centre
Atlas of adventures
Travels along the edge : 40 ultimate adventures for the modern nomad : from crossing the Sahara to bicycling through Vietnam
Pathlands : 21 tranquil walks among the villages of Britain
Northern Lapland this is where the adventure begins!
Experience marketing : strategies for the new millenium
Arctic Lights Phenomena as an Attraction in Finnish Lapland
Dive in style : chill, snorkel, dive
Experiencing Long Haul Flight
Types of tourism : sex tourism, agritourism, space tourism, medical tourism, whale watching, bicycle touring, grand tour, child sex tourism, sustainable tourism, couchsurfing, female sex tourism, booze cruise, lgbt tourism, staycation, cultural tourism
Marketing plan for the islands owned by the town of Rauma: Kuskajaskari, Kylmäpihlaja, Reksaari
Animal encounters as experiences : animal-based tourism in the travel magazine Matkalehti
