http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6514 acids
acids
Nucleic acid diagnostics market : unmet needs and product potential
Role of low-weight carboxylic acids in phytotoxicity of composts
The big fat surprise : why meat, butter, and cheese belong in a healthy diet
Performance of pine sawflies under elevated tropospheric ozone
Physical chemistry for the biosciences
Oxalic acid and calcium oxalate in production of wood-containing paper : formation, analysis, and control
Performance, carcass quality, and gastric alterations in fattening pigs fed additives containing formic acid either coated with sorbate or mixed with lactic acid
COFFEE TASTE ANALYSIS OF AN ESPRESSO COFFEE USING NUCLEAR MAGNETIC SPECROSCOPY
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Catalytic pretreatment and hydrolysis of fibre sludge into reducing sugars
Polyphasic taxonomic studies of lactic acid bacteria associated with non-fermented meats
The synthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (VLCPUFAs) was investigated in five cultivars of chicory. Genes for enzymes of the ù3/6 Ä8-desaturation biosynthetic pathways for the formation of C20 VLCPUFAs were inserted into chicory by Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of leaf explants. Plants were transformed by genes encoding Ä9-specific elongating activity from Isochrysis galbana, Ä8-desaturase from Euglena gracilis and Ä5-desaturase from Mortierella alpina, either separately or in combination; transgenic plants were selected on culture medium containing glufosinate ammonium for those transformed with the Ä9-elongase gene alone or in combination with the Ä8-desaturase gene, or kanamycin for plants transformed with the Ä5-desaturase gene. PCR showed the presence of the transgenes within the genome of selected plants, with RT-PCR confirming gene expression. Gas Chromatography of fatty acid methyl esters extracted from freeze-dried leaves of transgenic plants quantified the synthesis of omega-6 arachidonic acid and its precursors eicosadienoic and dihomo-ã-linolenic acids, and omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid together with its precursors eicosatrienoic and eicosatetraenoic acids. This is the first report of the production of VLCPUFAs in a leafy vegetable. Since VLCPUFAs are the precursors of prostaglandins, the formation of prostaglandins was also investigated in chicory following a second transformation event using the PGHS-1 gene from Mus musculus.
The study of the substituent and solvent effects on the acidity of OH and CH acids
Recovery of carboxylic acids from aqueous solutions
Lucerne and two maize crops were ensiled with and without Lactobacillus plantarum and fermented for 4 or 60 d to assess the effect of inoculant on in vitro rumen fermentation of the resulting silages. Water and 80% ethanol extracts of the silages were also analysed for effects on in vitro rumen fermentation. The inoculant affected lucerne silage characteristics but had little effect on the maize silages. In vitro fermentation of the silages showed few effects except increased microbial biomass yield (MBY) at 24 h in the inoculant-treated lucerne silages. In vitro fermentation of the lucerne silage water extracts produced no differences due to treatment except for reduced MBY in the inoculant-treated extracts. The ethanol extracts produced results inconsistent with the in vitro results of the silages. Consequently it appears that the factor in in vitro fermentation of inoculated silages causing increased MBY was in neither the water nor ethanol extracts.
The kinetics of the decarboxylation of malonic and some acetylenic acids and their salts
Experiments in biochemistry : a hands-on approach : a manual for the undergraduate laboratory
Novel concepts on the recovery of by-products from alkaline pulping
Production of D-xylonate and organic acid tolerance in yeast
Changes in antagonistic activity of lactic acid bacteria induced by their response to technological factors
"Updated with the substantial progress made in lactic acid and bacteria research since the third edition, this fourth volume discusses improved insights in genetics and new molecular biological techniques. Thoroughly reorganized, this book incorporates the recent changes in new molecular techniques and the mechanistic understanding of probiotic functionality. The book remains firmly grounded in the basics of lactic acid bacteria; their genetics and taxonomy, their application in food and feed preparation, their health properties, and the legal issues associated with their use"--Provided by publisher.
Cosmeceuticals and cosmetic practice
Aesthetics exposed : mastering skin care in a medical setting and beyond
Contribution of organic acids to the acidity of Finnish lakes
Neuraminic acid-containing oligosaccharides of human urine : isolation and identification of di-N-acetylneuraminyl-3-galactosyl-N-acetylgalactosamine, 6[sup 2]-N-acetylneuraminyl-lactose, 6[sup 2]acetylneuraminyl-N-acetyllactosamine and 3[sup 2]-N-acetylneuraminyl-lactose
The biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria with emphasis on applications in food safety and human health
Fundamentals of organic chemistry
Mass-spectrometric analysis of glycerophospholipid metabolism
Protein crystallographic studies of CoA-dependent proteins: new insight into the binding mode and exchange mechanism of acyl-CoA
Studies on the fermentation technology of bushera: a Ugandan traditional fermented cereal-based beverage
A proteomic view of probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG
Introduction to chemical principles
The effect of acid fumes and dust on the oral cavity : [väitöskirjakatsaus]
Silage extracts used to study the mode of action of silage inoculants in ruminants
Expression of lactate transporters MCT1, MCT2, MCT4 and the ancillary protein CD147 in horse muscle and red blood cells
Identification of biomarkers for type 2 diabetes
Metabolic significance of fatty acid elongation
Genetic variation and evolution among industrially important <em>Lactobacillus</em> bacteriophages
Effects of insulin deficiency on exercise-induced acute responses in the regulation of fatty acid oxidation in mouse gastrocnemius muscles
The effect of acid fumes and dust on the oral cavity
Structure and macromolecular properties of Weissella confusa and Leuconostoc citreum dextrans with a potential application in sourdough
Structural characteristics and properties of substituted cholanoates and N-substituted cholanamides
Oxygen uptake, acid-base balance and hormonal responses in maximal 300 - 400 m running in child, adolescent and adult athletes
Phage-host interactions in Lactobacillus delbrueckii : host recognition and transcription of early phage genes
Fluids, electrolytes, and acid-base balance
In this study the viability of a potentially probiotic Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in the intestinal tract of 22 healthy test subjects was qualitatively assessed in a randomised double blinded cross-over study design lasting 2 x 4 weeks (interventions I and II) with a 4-week washout period. The subjects were given in their diet either spontaneously fermented vegetables (SF) or vegetables fermented by starter bacteria which contained  Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 (P). The numbers of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in fecal samples were at the level of 10⁵ cfu g⁻¹ in both groups. The presence of Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 was confirmed by biochemical and molecular methods. We were able to show that Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485, isolated from spontaneously fermented cucumbers, was viable in the intestine of ten test subjects after taking P-diet when the numbers of LAB were sufficiently high in the product.
Fatty acid composition as biomarkers of freshwater microalgae: analysis of 37 strains of microalgae in 22 genera and in seven classes
The orange : its biochemistry and physiology
Syntheses, empirical and theoretical characterization, and metal cation complexation of bile acid-based monomers and open/closed dimers
Citric acid studies referring to the eye
Hydrolysis of beta-glucan
Chemical principles : the quest for insight
Introduction to green chemistry
Effect of lactic acid bacteria inoculants, formic acid, potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate on fermentation quality and aerobic stability of wilted grass silage
Bovine colostral antibodies and selected lactobacilli as means to control gastrointestinal infections.
Recent advances in silage microbiology are reviewed. Most new techniques in silage microbiology use the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to make copies of a portion of the DNA in microorganisms. These techniques allow us to identify and quantify species as well as do community analysis. The PCR-based techniques are uncovering new species, both bacteria and fungi, during storage and feeding. Silage inoculants are widely available, but of greater interest has been research investigating why inoculants are so successful. Various inoculant strains have been found to produce bacteriocins and other compounds that inhibit other bacteria and fungi, improving their chances for success. In vitro ruminal fermentation research is showing that some inoculated silages affect rumen microorganisms, reducing methane in some cases and increasing microbial biomass production in others. Better understanding of silage microbiology will allow us to better manage silos and develop better inoculants to improve silage quality.
The regulation of acid-base balance
The occurrrence and diversity of yeasts in Zimbabwean traditional fermented milk and their potential use as starter cultures
Characterization of 3-hydroxyacyl-ACP dehydratase of mitochondrial fatty acid synthesis in yeast, humans and trypanosomes
The role of zooplankton in the trophic transfer of fatty acids in boreal lake food webs
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Improved enrichment cultivation of selected food-contaminating bacteria
Applicability of fructophilic lactic acid bacteria in food industry
In this work was evaluated the effect of lactic acid treatment method in pork Serratus ventralis muscle on meat quality parameters pH, color, weight loss, cooking loss, hardness, and taste.  The treatment was performed by immersing the sample in lactic acid solutions at two concentrations (1 and 3% v v⁻¹) for 1 and 3 min., immediately the samples were stored at 4 °C during 7 days. The taste was evaluated employing trained and untrained judges.  Only hardness, weight loss and cooking loss, were affected by lactic acid concentration (p<0.05). The perception of lactic acid taste to trained judges was higher in samples of major concentration and immersion time. To untrained judges the sample treated with 3% lactic acid for 1 minute, had the best acceptation. Both judges reported that the taste of meat was delicious. Therefore, lactic acid treatment may be an alternative to extend pork shelf life.
Recent advances in silage microbiology
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Biosynthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in the leafy vegetable chicory
Acidic dissolution of iron oxides and regeneration of a ceramic filter medium
Dielectric characterization of powdery substances using an indirectly coupled open-ended coaxial cavity resonator
Oxidation of steryl esters
Formic acid catalysed xylose dehydration into furfural
The objective of the study was to investigate the effects of homofermentative and heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria (LAB) inoculants on fermentation and aerobic stability in a variety of crops and dry matter concentrations. The experiments were conducted with lucerne, ryegrass, ryegrass-timothy, red clover-ryegrass and whole crop maize using three additives in laboratory scale conditions. Each treatment and crop was replicated 5 five times when determining the chemical composition and aerobic stability in the silage. The data were statistically analyzed as a randomized complete block by using the GLM procedure of SAS. Additive application reduced pH and formation of butyric acid, alcohols and ammonia-N in all crops compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). The use of additives increased the content of lactic acid except heterofermentative LAB in maize with 276 g kg-1 DM and increased the content of acetic acid except homofermentative LAB in ryegrass-timothy and maize with 276 g kg-1 DM compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). It was observed that the aerobic stability of silages was improved significantly (p < 0.05) by using homofermentative and heterofermentative LAB inoculants.
Dewatering and recovery of fats, oils and grease (FOG) of grease trap waste : A design-research of a new-built process
The effects of added glycerol or unprotected free fatty acids or a combination of the two on silage intake, milk production, rumen fermentation and diet digestibility in cows given grass silage based diets
Effects of restriction of silage fermentation with formic acid on milk production
Color atlas of chemical peels
Dietary protein and carbohydrate modify volatile fatty acid (VFA) profile in canine faeces
Physiological roles of fatty acids and endocannabinoids in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans
Enoyl thioester reductases : enzymes of fatty acid synthesis and degradation in mitochondria
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils&#8212;impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
Cold exposure enhances fat utilization but not non-esterified fatty acids, glycerol or catecholamines availability during submaximal walking and running
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
Effects of gender, and SLCO1B1 and CYP7A1 polymorphisms on plasma bile acids in humans and the pharmacokinetics of therapeutic ursodeoxycholic acid
Bile acid-arene conjugates : from photoswitchability to cancer cell detection
Effects of environmental variations in Escherichia coli fermentations
Moonlighting proteins of lactobacillus crispatus : extracellular localization, cell wall anchoring and interactions with the host
Complex formation equilibria of some [alpha]-hydroxycarboxylic acids
Low molecular weight organic acids and their aluminium complexes in forest soils
Use of inoculated lactic acid bacteria in fermenting sour cabbage
Organic chemistry
Meat quality and fatty acid profile of M. longissimus dorsi of growing bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions
Dewatering and recovery of fats, oils and grease (FOG) of grease trap waste : a design-research of a new-built process
This qualitative study reports on lactic acid bacteria (LAB), yeasts and moulds isolated from three artisanal Swedish cellar-stored goat cheeses aged for 1, 3 and 5 months. Starter culture LAB dominated in the younger cheeses, and Leuconostoc pseudomesenteroides, common in raw goats' milk, had persisted from the unpasteurised milk into all the cheeses. Non-starter LAB dominated in the 5 month cheese, in particular, Lactobacillus sakei, a meat-associated LAB not previously isolated from cheese. Debaryomyces hansenii, and Penicillium and Mucor species were dominant among the yeasts and moulds, respectively. The cheese rind was not formed primarily from Penicillium species as in traditional cheeses such as Camembert - rather, mycelium from Mucor mucedo contributed to rind formation. Mould species known to produce sterigmatocystin, aflatoxins or ochratoxin A in cheese were not isolated in this study; growth of mycotoxigenic Aspergilli may have been inhibited by the cool conditions in the earth-cellar (4-6 °C).
Sugars, acids and phenolic compounds in currants and sea buckthorn in relation to the effects of environmental factors
Functions of AHR-1 and CYP-35A subfamily genes in Caenorhabditis elegans
Chelation of pentoses and pentitols with boric, phenylboronic, germanic, arsenious and telluric acids in aqueous solutions
The effect of structure on the dilute solution properties of branched polysaccharides studied with SEC and AsFlFFF
Acids and bases are ubiquitous in chemistry. Our understanding of them, however, is dominated by their behaviour in water. Transfer to non-aqueous solvents leads to profound changes in acid-base strengths and to the rates and equilibria of many processes: for example, synthetic reactions involving acids, bases and nucleophiles; isolation of pharmaceutical actives through salt formation; formation of zwitter- ions in amino acids; and chromatographic separation of substrates. This book seeks to enhance our understanding of acids and bases by reviewing and analysing their behaviour in non-aqueous solvents. The behaviour is related where possible to that in water, but correlations and contrasts between solvents are also presented. Fundamental background material is provided in the initial chapters: quantitative aspects of acid-base equilibria, including definitions and relationships between solution pH and species distribution; the influence of molecular structure on acid strengths; and acidity in aqueous solution.
DGGE analysis of probiotic-induced alteration in the canine faecal lactic acid bacteria microbiota
Determination of the first and second dissociation constants of succinic acid in aqueous sodium and potassium chloride solutions
Short-term and subchronic phytotoxicity of low-weight carboxylic acids and their mixtures
Experiments on fatty acids chain elongation and glycan flipping in the ER membrane
Acid related diseases : biology and treatment
Fluid, electrolyte, and acid-base disorders in small animal practice
Recovery of biomass-derived valuable compounds using chromatographic and membrane separations
Aerobic spoilage of silages occurs frequently and is undesirable because it reduces both its nutritive and hygienic quality. Silage inoculants containing heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria, like Lactobacillus buchneri, have already been proven to improve aerobic stability by augmented production of acetic acid, which inhibits yeasts. In this study, the effect of L. buchneri on fermentation characteristics and aerobic stability of alfalfa-ryegrass silage, red clover silage and maize silage was assessed using microsilos. Two dosages, 1×105 and 3×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter, were compared to untreated control silage. Inoculation with L. buchneri clearly altered the fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass and red clover silage, resulting in a significantly higher aerobic stability at both dosages. The effects of L. buchneri inoculation on maize silage were less clear, but nevertheless the aerobic stability of maize silage inoculated with 1×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter was significantly higher compared to the untreated silage.
Dietary preferences of weaned piglets offered diets containing organic acids
This thesis is a design science research study about the development of a process to dewater waste collected from grease traps (GTW). Grease traps are installed in professional kitchens and at food manufacturing sites to protect the sewage works from grease waste that can clog the sewer system and disrupt the biological treatment at wastewater treatments plants (WWTP). When traps are emptied hot water is used to clean the units. Therefore GTW can contain up to 99% water. During 2008-2009, the waste centres and WWTPs in the Oulu and Kainuu regions in Finland collected 6.6 kg GTW per capita annually. GTW consists of water, partly hydrolyzed fats, oils and greases (FOG), food residues, and other contaminants as soap and metals. The grease is emulsified throughout the water phase and mixed with solids, which makes it difficult to dewater. Dewatering is important as is decreases the amount for waste disposal, which is expensive as GTW is classified as special waste. Additionally, the upcoming legalisation in 2016 forbids disposal of organic waste to landfills and therefore cost-effective alternatives have to be found. A fairly simple process was designed to dewater GTW by using acid hydrolysis and moderate heating (65-70°C). The process was tested first on laboratory scale from where it was step-wise scaled up. In 2012, the process design was tested and evaluated by a pilot plant. The goal was to gather as much information and experiences as possible, in order to improve the process products’ quality and the overall process efficiency for the next production design. The profitability of the design was tested by comparing estimated profit margins in different scenarios. The study contains also an overview of possible technologies to utilise or dispose the dewatered fraction (also called brown grease) resulting from the process.The conclusion of the study is that the designed dewatering process is profitable when used at full operating capacity (3000 t/a) and a dewatering efficiency of at least 75%. In this case the estimated payback time is 3-6 years from start-up. The plant was not suitable for extended dewatering of the FOG fraction. An own unit is needed for this purpose. Otherwise, reuse alternatives should be search that can deal with the remaining water content, such as biogas production or utilisation as steam boiler fuel or low-grade soaps. The test design still needs technical adjustments before it can be taken in use. Further research is needed to find a solution how to destabilize the intermediate layer of organics, light solids and water formed between the FOG and water phase (rag layer). For the moment, the fraction remains a non-valuable waste.
Ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid and carnosine supplementation's effects on cognitive, behavioural and psychophysiological parameters on healthy young subjects : double-blind, placebo-controlled study
Shriver & Atkins inorganic chemistry
Kinetic investigations of polyesterification in microscale
Superacid chemistry
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
Biodisel production technology via alkaline and acid catalysis: a review and process simulation using HYSYS
Exploring chemical analysis
The biochemical basis of sialic acid accumulation in infantile free sialic storage disease and sialuria and molecular cloning of a cDNA for human UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 2-epimerase
The effect of Lactobacillus buchneri inoculation on the aerobic stability and fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass, red clover and maize silage
Computional study of the acid sites in zeolite zsm-5
Differing Daphnia magna assimilation efficiencies for terrestrial, bacterial, and algal carbon and fatty acids
Dilute acid catalysed hydrolysis of cellulose : extension to formic acid
Pectic acids in mechanical pulping and papermaking
Ripened cheeses : the effects of fat modifications on sensory characteristics and fatty acid composition
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
Lactic acid bacteria : microbiological and functional aspects
Contribution of modern biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria to development of health-promoting foods
Chemical peels
Reducing industrial use of fossil raw materials : techno-economic assessment of relevant cases in Northern Finland
Regulation of alternative splicing in obesity and weight loss
Factors affecting secretion and surface display of heterologous proteins in Lactococcus lactis
The effects of three silage inoculants on aerobic stability in grass, clover-grass, lucerne and maize silages
Serum bile acids during infancy and childhood : with special reference to neonatal hyperbilirubinaemia
Abstract: Testing of probiotic properties of four Lactobacillus amylovorus  strains. In this study the aim was to find out if four Lactobacillus amylovorus strains from porcine intestine have probiotic properties. The adhesion properties of lactobacilli to porcine gastrointestinal tract mucins and the potency to inhibit adhesion of enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli were tested. Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli can cause post-weaning diarrhea in piglets. The disease can lead to reduced growth rate in the piglets and even to death which causes economic losses in pig production farms.    The adhesion of the lactobacilli on porcine intestinal mucus was tested with both commercial mucins from porcine stomach and with mucus isolated from the porcine intestine. Lactobacilli were labeled by fluorochrome SYTO9 and the fluorescence of the adhered lactobacilli was measured. The inhibitory effects of the lactobacilli on the adhesion of Escherichia coli to a porcine intestinal epithelial cell line (IPEC-1) were determined by measuring the amount of adhering Escherichia coli after the incubation with lactobacilli. Four different procedures were used in which when the lactobacilli were added before, after or at the same time with the Escherichia coli. Each procedure was repeated at least three times. Escherichia coli was labeled by tritiated thymidine and the radioactivity of the samples was measured by liquid scintillation.    The Lactobacillus strains did adhere to all three types of mucins, but repeated tests gave different results. The strains adhered better to commercial mucins from porcine stomach than to the mucus isolated from porcine intestine. One of the four Lactobacillus strains did inhibit the adhesion of enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli but its inhibitory effect was weak. The rest of the Lactobacillus strains did not inhibit the adhesion of the pathogen.
The objective of the present study was to compare the colour, chemical composition, meat quality and fatty acid profile of the longissimus dorsi (LD) muscle of growing bulls housed in an insulated tie-stall, an uninsulated barn or a forest paddock. Two housing experiments were conducted at the North Ostrobothnia Research Station of MTT Agrifood Research Finland in Ruukki (64°44'N, 25°15'E). The first experiment was conducted from November 1999 to October 2000 and comprised 30 Hereford bulls, the second from November 2000 to December 2001 with 30 Ayrshire bulls. In both experiments the bulls were divided into six groups of five animals according to live weight and the groups were randomly allotted to one of three treatments: tie-stall in an insulated barn (IB bulls, ten animals/individual stall), uninsulated barn (UB bulls, five animals/pen, two pens) and forest paddock (PAD bulls, five animals/paddock, two paddocks). Nine carcasses from experiment 1 (three/treatment) and twelve from experiment 2 (four/treatment) were randomly selected for meat quality analyses. After slaughter, the carcasses were cooled for 24h at 2 °C and LD samples were taken by complete cross-section between the 12th and 13th ribs. The results were calculated across the two experiments and analysed as one data. There were no differences between housing environments in temperature or pH of the LD or meat moisture, fat or protein composition of the LD. Instead, the myoglobin content of the LD was 21% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). Between IB and UB bulls there was no difference in meat myoglobin content and there were no significant (p < 0.05) differences between housing environments in the colour of the LD. However, the muscle tended to be 6% lighter (L-value) in IB bulls than in PAD bulls (p = 0.09). There were no significant differences in shear force or sensory analysis (tenderness, juiciness, overall flavour) between treatments. The LD of the PAD bulls contained a higher proportion of 18:2 and 18:3 fatty acids compared to that of IB bulls (p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in the saturated fatty acid (SFA) or monounsaturated fatty acid proportions of the LD between treatments. Instead, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) proportion of the LD was 34% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). The PUFA:SFA ratio was higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05) but there was no difference in the PUFA:SFA ratio between UB and IB bulls. In conclusion, there were no important effects of housing system on the meat quality characteristics of the LD, although according to meat fatty acid profiles, outdoor housed bulls produced meat with a higher PUFA:SFA ratio than tethered bulls in an insulated barn.
The crystallization behavior of fatty acid : resin acid mixtures
Lipid oxidation and nitration products as activators of cytoprotective Nrf2 signaling in the endothelium
Exploring chemical analysis / Daniel C. Harris
Viability of Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in human gastrointestinal tract and its molecular and biochemical identification after fermented vegetable consumption
Peels and chemical exfoliation
Interactions between polyunsaturated fatty acids and probiotics
The effect of adding an inoculant containing Lactobacillus buchneri, L. plantarum and L. casei to wilted perennial ryegrass, harvested at four growth stages and ensiled for either 60 or 150 d on silage fermentation quality, chemical composition, rumen degradability of neutral detergent fibre (NDF) and organic matter (OM) and in vitro OM digestibility (OMd) was studied. Compared to the control silage, more sugars were fermented to lactic and acetic acid with the inoculant, resulting in a lower pH, less dry matter losses and protein degradation and a better aerobic stability. The effects of the additive on fermentation quality were more pronounced after 150 than after 60 d of ensiling, because the quality of the control silage was worse after long ensiling period. The treatment lowered NDF content of grass harvested at the first two growth stages by degrading cell walls to complex sugars, but had no effect on NDF degradability of the silage. The inoculant had no effect on rumen OM degradability nor on OMd after the short ensiling period, but increased the rumen OM degradability for the first two growth stages and OMd for all growth stages after long ensiling period.
Surface studies of limestones and dolostones : characterisation using various techniques and batch dissolution experiments with hydrochloric acid solutions
Effects of environmental variations in <em>Escherichia coli</em> fermentations
Dentin hypersensitivity : factors related to the occurrence of pain symptoms
Harry's cosmeticology : 2
Acute and subchronic phytotoxicity of volatile fatty acids (VFAs)
Biochemistry
Chemistry and technology of flavors and fragrances
Organic acids in root exudates and soil solutions : importance to calcicole and calcifuge behaviour of plants
Acute incremental endurance performance and explosive strength training period : muscle activity, acid-base balance and hormonal responses
Microbiota of an unpasteurised cellar-stored goat cheese from northern Sweden
Development of a recovery system for metals and acids from pickling baths using nanofiltration and crystallisation
Effects of some organic acids and salts on microbial fermentation in the digestive tract of piglets estimated using an in vitro gas production technique
Protein crystallographic studies of CoA-dependent proteins : new insight into the binding mode and exchange mechanism of acyl-CoA
Dilute acid catalysed hydrolysis of cellulose – extension to formic acid
Role of α-methylacyl-CoA racemase in lipid metabolism
Fundamentals of chemistry
Genetic variation and evolution among industrially important Lactobacillus bacteriophages
Sulfur-Iodine thermochemical cycle for hydrogen production
Positional distribution of fatty acids in plant triacylglycerols : contributing factors and chromatographic/mass spectrometric analysis
Quantum chemical study of acidity of strong and superstrong Brønsted acids
Principles of chemistry : a molecular approach
Role of lipid reactions in quality of oat products
Modeling, design and comparison of liquid-liquid extraction columns
Determination of the first and second dissociation constants of oxalic acid in aqueous sodium and potassium chloride solutions
This study examined the changes in antagonistic activity of selected lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in response to technological factors used in food production. The antimicrobial activity of 12 selected LAB strains was assessed against the bacterial and fungal strains using the agar well diffusion method. Sodium chloride (NaCl) 6.5-8.0%, glucose 20-30% and pH 4.0, pH 8.0 and higher were the most crucial factors in reducing the spectra of the microorganisms antagonized. Heating at 80 °C or 100 °C had a greater negative impact than 63 °C on the antifungal activity of LAB. Freezing at -72 °C eliminated the antifungal activity, or it changed from fungicidal to fungistatic. Although each LAB demonstrated the ability to retain antimicrobial activity induced by various technological factors, Lactococcus lactis 768/5 was superior in retaining high antimicrobial activity against tested indicator strains.
Reducing industrial use of fossil raw materials:techno-economic assessment of relevant cases in Northern Finland
Acids and bases : solvent effects on acid-base strength
Effect of lactic acid on the meat quality properties and the taste of pork Serratus ventralis muscle
The effect of a mixture of Lactobacillus strains on silage quality and nutritive value of grass harvested at four growth stages and ensiled for two periods
