http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6527 incunables
incunables
Catalogue of books printed in the 15th century in Swedish collections
Chaucer's fame in England : STC Chauceriana, 1475-1640
Among other issues, Dane addresses such basic questions as: How do students, bibliographers, and collectors discuss these things? And when is it legitimate to generalize on the basis of particular examples? Dane considers each issue in terms of a practical example or question a reader might confront: How do you identify books on the basis of typography? What is the status of paper evidence? How are the various elements on the page defined? What are the implications of the images available in an online database? And, significantly, how does a scholar's personal experience with books challenge or conform to the standard language of book history and bibliography? Dane's accessible and lively tour of the field is a useful guide for all students of book history, from the beginner to the specialist. "Written with wit and acuity, Joseph A. Dane's What Is a Book? extends his project of teaching aspects of book history to the specialist and nonspecialist reader alike.
The beginning of Cyrillic printing Cracow, 1491 from the Orthodox past in Poland
Netherlandish books : books published in the Low Countries and Dutch books published abroad before 1601
The printed book in Brittany, 1484-1600
Lambeth Palace Library : treasures from the collection of the Archbishops of Canterbury
CATALOGUS INCUNABULORUM BIBLIOTHECAE TELEKI-BOLYAI = CATALOGUL INCUNABULELOR DIN BIBLIOTECA TELEKI-BOLYAI
Catalogue of medieval manuscripts and incunabula at Huis Bergh Castle in 's-Heerenberg
A concordance to Caxton's Morte Darthur (1485)
Gutenberg and the impact of printing
Anthoine Vérard, Parisian publisher 1485-1512 : prologues, poems, and presentations
Bibliothecae apostolicae Vaticanae incunabola. Volume 4, Index of printers, concordances, bibliography
Incunabula and their readers : printing, selling and using books in the fifteenth century
Both will be stimulated and provoked by what Dane writes, and will also enjoy his arguments and admire the breadth and depth of his knowledge." --Henry Woudhuysen, University College London"--Provided by publisher.
Revolution and the antiquarian book : reshaping the past, 1780-1815
Understanding illuminated manuscripts : a guide to technical terms
Incunabula : studies in fifteenth-century books presented to Lotte Hellinga
What is a book? : the study of early printed books
A choice of corals : facets of fifteenth-century Hebrew printing
1000 years of royal books and manuscripts
At the end of the eighteenth century, noblemen and revolutionaries spent extravagant sums of money or precious military resources competing to acquire old books, which until then had often been regarded as worthless. These books, called incunabula, achieved cultural and political importance as luxury commodities and as tools for mastering a controversial past. Men of different classes met in a new, shared marketplace, creating a competition for social authority, as books were no longer seen merely as sources of textual information but as a way of controlling the past in the service of contemporary concerns. The old books themselves were often changed to meet new expectations of what important historic objects should be. Focusing on Paris and London, but taking a resolutely pan-European view, this book examines the emergence of this commodity and of a new historical discipline created by traders and craftsmen.
The Smithsonian book of books
Illuminated manuscripts in Cambridge : a catalogue of Western book illumination in the Fitzwilliam Museum and the Cambridge Colleges. Part 4, The British Isles. Volume 1, Insular and Anglo-Saxon manuscripts c. 700-c. 1100
Catalogue of the Incunables in the Library and Information Centre of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Printing the classical text
Incunabula printed in the Low countries : a census
First supplement to James E. Walsh's Catalogue of the fifteenth-century printed books in the Harvard University Library
Aarteet : [näyttely Kupolisalissa, 9.3.2005 - 15.10.2005] = Skatter : [utställning i Kupolsalen, 9.3.2005 - 15.10.2005] = Treasures : [exhibition in the Cupola Hall, 9.3.2005 - 15.10.2005] / [toimittaja = redaktör = editor: Inkeri Pitkäranta] ; [kirjoittajat = författare = writers: Ilona Fors ... et al.]
This publication is the first volume to appear in the catalogue series devoted to the British Isles and covers Insular and Anglo-Saxon manuscripts produced between c. 700 and c. 1100 AD. This was a period in which Britain witnessed a great blossoming of cultural awareness and artistic craftsmanship. Under the reign of King Alfred towards the end of the ninth century England experienced a renewed impetus for scholarly activity, and as a result the production of books intensified greatly. By the early tenth century, influenced and inspired by new trends and ideas from Continental Europe, English art began to flourish, and manuscript illumination especially made a great impact with the high quality of its figure style and decorated initials, and with its elegance of script and mise-en-page. Cambridge is fortunate in having a significant collection of manuscripts from this period, and the ninety-seven works catalogued and richly illustrated here are amongst the finest surviving examples of Anglo-Saxon decoration.
Gutenberg and the Catholicon 1460 : a bibliographical essay : together with an original leaf of the Catholicon
Out of sorts : on typography and modern theories of print culture
Worlds of learning : the library and World Chronicle of the Nuremberg physician Hartmann Schedel (1440-1514)
The German book in Wolfenbüttel and abroad : studies presented to Ulrich Kopp in his retirement
"Joseph A. Dane's What Is a Book? is an introduction to the study of books produced during the period of the hand press, dating from around 1450 through 1800. Using his own bibliographic interests as a guide, Dane selects illustrative examples primarily from fifteenth-century books, books of particular interest to students of English literature, and books central to the development of Anglo-American bibliography. Part I of What Is a Book? covers the basic procedures of printing and the parts of the physical book--size, paper, type, illustration; Part II treats the history of book-copies--from cataloging conventions and provenance to electronic media and their implications for the study of books. Dane begins with the central distinction between a "book-copy"--the particular, individual, physical book--and a "book"--the abstract category that organizes these copies into editions, whereby each copy is interchangeable with any other.
Mutilated books : wondrous leaves from Swedish bibliographical history
Iberian books : books published in Spanish or Portuguese or on the Iberian Peninsula before 1601 = Libros ibéricos : libros publicados en español o portugués o en la Península Ibérica antes de 1601
Bibliographica iuridica. 3, Edoardo Volterra (1904-1984) : a catalogue of the early printed books in his librray, now in the Ecole française de Rome
A medieval mirror : Speculum humanae slavationis 1324-1500
The evolution of the book
Early printed books as material objects : proceedings of the conference organized by the IFLA Rare Books and Manuscripts Section Munich, 19-21 August 2009
Incunabula in Dutch libraries : a census of fifteenth-century printed books in Dutch public collections
Before copyright : the French book-privilege system 1498-1526
A catalogue of books printed in the fifteenth century now in the Bodleian Library, Oxford
Europe's national libraries : 15 years of joint programmes
Catalogue of books printed in the XVth century now in the British Library. BMC Part XIII, Hebraica
Illuminated manuscripts in Cambridge : a catalogue of western book illumination in the Fitzwilliam Museum and the Cambridge colleges. Part 2, Italy & the Iberian peninsula
Woodcuts in incunabula printed in the Low Countries
The rule of four
Evrejskie inkunabuly : opisanie èkzemplârov, hranâŝihsâ v bibliotekah Moskvy i Leningrada = Hebrew incunabula : description of publications kept in libraries of Moskow and Leningrad
William Caxton and English literary culture
Since its publication in 1917, Duff's bibliography has been the standard reference for all printing in England and continental printing for the English market before 1501. Its 431 entries include accurate transcriptions, and 53 full-page plates illustrate all founts of type used in England and some of the continental founts. This edition revised by Lotte Hellinga, updates the work by adding 46 full descriptions of items that have come to light since 1917, a new and extensive census of copies, combined with a concordance to the main incunabula bibliographies and catalogues. A new chronological index, based on the results of recent research, replaces Duff's Typographical Index.
Cimélia : az Országos Széchényi Könyvtár kincsei = The treasures of the National Széchényi Library
Preliminary descriptions of the manuscript and printed fragments in Kulturparken Småland, Växjö
In praise of Aldus Manutius : a quincentenary exhibition
Printing in England in the fifteenth century : E. Gordon Duff's bibliography, with supplementary descriptions, chronologies and a census of copies
Bibliographica iuridica. Volume 1, Catalogue of books printed on the continent of Europe from the beginning of printing to 1600 in the library of the Max-Planck-Institut für Europäische Rechtsgeschichte, Frankfurt am Main
The Production of Books in England 1350-1500
