http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6520 roadworks
roadworks
Hotel and food service marketing : a managerial approach
Work at the boundaries of science : information and the interdisciplinary research process
Abstract.
The artisanal perspective in action : an archaeology in practice
AIDS : a guide to the law
The story of silk
Research beyond borders : multidisciplinary reflections
English summary.
Highlights in the history of exploration and trade in China
Practices of multidisciplinary collaborative work : wiki document as a boundary object
Forest work science and technology. Part 2
Excavators and backhoe loaders as base machines in forest operations : proceedings from the third (final) meeting of a Concerted Action,FAI - CT 98 - 3381 : [Pisa, Italy, 20 September to 22 September 2000]
The big book of virtual teambuilding games : quick, effective activities to build communication, trust and collaboration from anywhere!
Lines of the nation : Indian Railway workers, bureaucracy, and the intimate historical self
The world is a book and he who stays at home reads only one page : the history of the international operations of the Finnish National Road Administration
Silk roads and China ships
"This volume in the new Core Curriculum series from the WOCN(r) Society covers ostomy management, and is the crucial text for nurses practicing or studying ostomy patient care. It offers pathology and physiology basics in easy-to-grasp terms, while providing expert guidance on patient management. This is a study guide for the wound, ostomy and continence (WOC) certification exams and provides step-by-step direction on essential nursing procedures. Let this evidence-based guide lead you through all of the vital nursing topics. It is the official guide for students in wound, ostomy and continence nursing education programs"--Provided by publisher.
Tool support for computer role-playing game programming : foundations, guidelines and applications
Social work and social exclusion : the idea of practice
The silk road
Transport, environment and health
Road maintenance assistance, phase II, Zambia : evaluation report
The Oxford handbook of interdisciplinarity
Trailer-truck drivers in work zones : effects of a focussed campaign
Playing with labour rights : music player and game console manufacturing in China
Silkkitiellä = Vid sidenvägen = On the silk road
ECSCW 2003 : proceedings of the Eighth European Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work : 14-18 SEptember 2003, Helsinki, Finland
Venues for contexture : a critical analysis and enactive reformulation of group decision support systems
Wound, Ostomy and Continence Nurses Society core curriculum. Ostomy management
Transport and environment. Part 1, Road traffic
Literature review of ecosystem service virtual laboratories
Possibilities of telework as an organisational tool for the flexible arrangement of teachers' work from the teacher's viewpoint
Break into the game industry : how to get a job making video games
Abstract: Furniture distribution and cooperation with local distributors in St. Petersburg.
In this research I'm moving and exploring in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance. The  research is structured by choosing one performance which functions as a documented snippet of an ongoing interdisciplinary  improvisation practice and is a vehicle to analyse what sort of skills and knowledge enable and are  developed in that specific ongoing practice. I map out the validity of those skills and knowledge in relationship to  a dancer's know-how in a new paradigm of performing arts, as well as how to facilitate them and what sort of  philosophical and ethical notions and issues arise in such a facilitation process. The mode of this thesis is practicebased  art-pedagogical research.  I'm proposing that the skills and knowledge that enable inter-disciplinary improvisation, and that are  simultaneously developed in the practice, are a dancer's self–reflection and decision making process; a dancer's  own research and awareness of senses and perceptions; the awareness of interaction of performer(s) and audience  during a performance situation and the collaborative approaches towards learning and creating artistic work.  These skills and knowledge share similar terrain with the skills and knowledge of a dancer in a new paradigm of  performing arts, including the new paradigm of contemporary dance, defined by a performative shift.  In addition to these, what can be specifically drawn from inter-disciplinary improvisation practice is a dancer's  awareness of her/his inherent concepts that frame her/his perception in working situations, as well as discipline  specific inherent working practices and terminology that are taken as a given, yet come up for discussion and  reflection through inter-disciplinary work.  I'm proposing that these skills and knowledge can be facilitated and developed through dialogical and critical  pedagogical approaches that take in consideration notions of freedom, responsibility, artistic ownership, artistic  integrity, as well as a notion of wider socio-political landscapes that the work exists in.  In terms of practice based working methods that can facilitate this sort of skills and knowledge, there are many  routes. One possible way are the inter-disciplinary working methods introduced in this thesis, that emphasize  action-research based working cycles, working collaboratively both within a group, as well as in co-facilitating and  approaching a facilitation process as a not-yet-known situation. This mode of working approaches a teacher as an  active researcher and facilitator, who also engages in a process of self-reflection and dialogue.
Boundary negotiating mock-ups
Interdisciplinary accountability in the evaluation of research proposals : prospects for academic quality control across disciplinary boundaries
(Un)common ground : creative encounters across sectors and disciplines
Global human trafficking : critical issues and contexts
Professionals' experiences with Open Dialogues with young people's social networks - identity, role and teamwork : a qualitative study
The exegesis of Philip K. Dick
Train tracks : work, play, and politics on the railways
Tourism
The kids are alright : how the gamer generation is changing the workplace
Knits for nerds : 30 projects: science fiction, comic books, fantasy
Furniture distribution and cooperation with local distributors in St. Petersburg : market opportunities for the Seniori product group of Kiteen Huonekalutehdas Oy
Environmentally sound road construction in mountainous terrain : applying advanced operating methods and tools
Shibori knits : the art of exquisite felted knits
Woodcutter simulator 2011 : PC CD-ROM
Transport investment in railways to generate knowledge transfer from interfirm worker mobility
The hoghead : an industrial ethnology of the locomotive engineer
Methods for transdisciplinary research : a primer for practice
Uzbekistan : heirs to the Silk Road
Got game : how the gamer generation is reshaping business forever
Global distribution systems (GDSs) in the tourism industry : draft : a study prepared for WTO
Interprofessional issues in community and primary health care
There be dragons! : an ethnographic inquiry into the strategic practices and process of world of warcraft gaming groups
A breath of fresh air : portable gas detectors
Provides the history of the Indian railways. from the design of carriages to the architecture of stations, employment hierarchies, and the construction of employee housing, this book explores the public spaces and social relationships created by the railway bureaucracy. It traces their influence on the formation of Indian nationalism.
Multidisciplinary research on teaching and learning
Maximizing the buying volumes of company X
Translational research : pharmaceutical industry view
Holistic work system design and management:— a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers’ work outside the cab
Evaluation of Bachelor's level education at the Aalto Mikkeli Campus : alumni survey in cooperation with SEFE
The Blackpool highflyer : a novel of sabotage, suspicion and steam
Practising interdisciplinarity
Engineered nanoparticles : effects in mouse respiratory tract and occupational exposure during flame spray process
The last train to Scarborough
Moving in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance : ways of working and facilitating
Research foundations : how do we know what we know?
Trading zones and interactional expertise : creating new kinds of collaboration
This package is aimed at ships' officers and similar shore-based personnel whose duties include the use of portable gas detectors. It explains that portable gas detectors are a vital part of safety procedures. They must be used, and used properly, when it's appropriate. It's to the individual's personal benefit and the benefit of the people they work with or control. Many people forget that some spaces on ships and in terminals - cargo or gas tanks, for instance - are, under normal circumstances, totally unable to support life for one reason or another. That, not unnaturally, makes them very dangerous environments. There are any number of ways in which a space can become hazardous. The package covers many of the most common and shows how portable gas detectors can help. Set on board various types of ship, including tankers and cargo ships and ashore in terminal, the package shows a wide range of equipment, including modern devices and older designs which are still widely used. The package covers the three main areas in which portable gas detectors are used: detecting flammable gases, toxic gases, and checking for oxygen - usually to ensure that the air is safe to breathe. Each of these is covered in a separate section. Typical situations are featured in each. The package explains why gas detectors are used in each of these three areas. It also highlights the need to make sure that each person watching and the people with whom they work are safe...
Game development and production
Taking stock of interdisciplinarity as it nears its century mark, the Oxford Handbook of Interdisciplinarity constitutes a major new reference work on the topic of interdisciplinarity, a concept of growing academic and societal importance. Interdisciplinarity is fast becoming as important outside academia as within. Academics, policy makers, and the general public are seeking methods and approaches to help organize and integrate the vast amounts of knowledge being produced, both within research and at all levels of education. The Oxford Handbook of Interdisciplinarity provides a synoptic overview of the current state of interdisciplinary research, education, administration and management, and problem solving-knowledge that spans the disciplines and interdisciplinary fields, and crosses the space between the academic community and society at large. Its 37 chapters and 14 case studies provide a snapshot of the state of knowledge integration as interdisciplinarity approaches its century mark. This groundbreaking text offers by far the most broad-based account of inter- and transdisciplinarity to date. Its original essays bring together many of the globe's leading thinkers on interdisciplinary research, education, and the institutional aspects of interdisciplinarity, as well as extended reflections on how knowledge is integrated into societal needs.
Multidiciplinarity in development studies
Professional techniques for video game writing
Zero history
Creative interdisciplinarity : engineering, business, and art&design students' collaboration and learning in the International Design Business Management (IDBM) program
Software engineering and computer games
"Are we even talking about the same thing?" : creating shared understanding in interdiciplinary service design teams by measuring and visualising team mental models
Changing the game : how video games are transforming the future of business
Demolition company : PC CD-ROM
The relationship-driven supply chain : creating a culture of collaboration throughout the chain
Tie-dyed paper
Ammatillinen kasvu = Professional Growth : professori Pekka Ruohotien juhlakirja
Perspectives on disability & rehabilitation : contesting assumptions; challenging practice
Introduction to re-designing product development working space
Shunters at work : creating a world in a railway yard
Achieving strategic advantages in buyer-supplier relationships
Woodcutter simulator : PC CD-ROM
Supply chain integration : studies on linking customer responsiveness and operational efficiency in logistics policy planning
Start to finish paths & walkways
Aalto University Design Factory in the eyes of its community
Get in the game! : careers in the game industry
The narrow road to the deep north
A mobile crusher for forest road construction
