http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6528 rare books
rare books
The Venetian venture
Village-communities in the East and West : six lectures delivered at Oxford
Voyages and discoveries of the companions of Columbus
American biography, or original biographical sketches of ditinguished Americans
Across Asia from West to East in 1906-1908.. 1
Illuminated manuscripts : the book before Gutenberg
An easy introduction to the arts and sciences : being a short, but comprehensive system of useful and polite learning, divided into lessons : illustrated with cuts, and adapted to the use of schools and academies
Across Asia from West to East in 1906-1908.. 2
A survey of the Turkish Empire
Illuminated manuscripts of Germany and Central Europe in the J. Paul Getty Museum
Printed books and bookbindings
New Sweden 1638-1938 : being a catalog of rare books and manuscripts relating to the Swedish colonization on the Delaware river
The external morphology of the Lepidopterous pupa : its relation to that of the other stages and to the origin and history of metamorphosis. Parts 1-3
Imprints and owners : recording the cultural geography of Europe : papers presented on 10 November 2006 at the CERL Seminar hosted by the National Széchényi Library, Budapest
Monograph of the British Aphides. Vol. 3
1000 years of royal books and manuscripts
The dramatick works of Beaumont and Fletcher : collated with all the former editions, and corrected; with notes, critical and explanatory, by various commentators; and adorned with fifty-four original engravings, : in ten volumes. Volume 2., Containing, Custom of the country; Elder brother; Spanish curate; Wit without money; Beggars' bush
Visit to northern Europe : or sketches descriptive, historical, political and moral, of Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Finland, and the free cities of Hamburg and Lubeck : containing notices of the manners and customs, commerce, manufactures, arts and sciences, education, literature, and religion, of those countries and cities : in two volumes. Vol. 2.
The rights of Finland and the manifesto of the tsar of February 15, 1899 : a few leaves from the history of the life-struggle of a little nation
The barrow in Newport Court : a memoir of the rare book trade
Books as history : the importance of books beyond their texts
Collections donated by the Academy of Sciences of St Petersburg to the Alexander University of Finland in 1829 : an annotated catalogue
A complete epitome of practical navigation : containing all necessary instruction for keeping a ship's reckoning at sea: with the most approved methods of ascertaining the latitude, by meridian, single, or double altitudes; and the longitude, by chronometers, or lunar observations; including a Journal of a voyage from London to Madeira, and every other particular requisite to form the Complete navigator : to which is added a correct and extensive set of tables
The storied life of A.J. Fikry
A hero of our time = Geroj našego vremeni
Libri rari et cari : Museoviraston vanhan kirjallisuuden kokoelmaluettelo = katalog över Museiverkets samling av gammal litteratur = catalogue of the collection of antiquarian literature of the  National Board of Antiquities / Johanna Lilja ; [toimittaja = redaktör = editor: Kerttu Itkonen]
Early printed books as material objects : proceedings of the conference organized by the IFLA Rare Books and Manuscripts Section Munich, 19-21 August 2009
Contributions to the Bryological Flora of the North-Western Himalaya
The larvae of the British butterflies and moths. Vol. 4, The first portion of the noctuae
De libris compactis miscellanea
The dramatick works of Beaumont and Fletcher : collated with all the former editions, and corrected; with notes, critical and explanatory, by various commentators; and adorned with fifty-four original engravings, : in ten volumes. Volume 8., Containing, Women pleas'd; Night-walker; or the little thief; Island princess; Woman's prize; or, the tamer tam'd; Noble gentleman
Monograph of the British Aphides. Vol. 4
A tour round the Baltic thro' the Northern countries of Europe, particularly Denmark, Sweden, Finland, Russia & Prussia : in a series of letters
Rasskazy sovetskih pisatelej / Short stories [by Soviet writers] ; [English texts edited and notes compiled by R. Dixon]
Analytic keys to the genera and species of North American mosses
The larvae of the British butterflies and moths. Vol. 6, The third and concluding portion of the noctuae
A directory of rare book and special collections in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland
Ex insula lux : manuscripts and hagiographical material connected with medieval England : a joint exhibition organized by Helsinki University Library and the National Library of Russia to mark the 10th meeting of the International Society of Anglo-Saxonists 6-11 August 2001 in Helsinki, and the post-conference symposium on 13 August 2001 in St. Petersburg
The spider and the flie : with an original leaf from the edition of 1556 : David Magee christmas greetings MCMXXXIX
The Christie curse
Korean treasures : rare books, manuscripts and artefacts in the Bodleian libraries and museums of Oxford University
Book finds : how to find, buy, and sell used and rare boks
Western European illuminated manuscripts of the 8th to the 16th centuries
The world's most famous illuminated manuscripts : 400 to 1600
Travels through Sweden, Finland, and Lapland to the North Cape in the years 1798 and 1799 : in two volumes
Pictures from Italy
Yorick's sentimental journey
Aarteet : [näyttely Kupolisalissa, 9.3.2005 - 15.10.2005] = Skatter : [utställning i Kupolsalen, 9.3.2005 - 15.10.2005] = Treasures : [exhibition in the Cupola Hall, 9.3.2005 - 15.10.2005] / [toimittaja = redaktör = editor: Inkeri Pitkäranta] ; [kirjoittajat = författare = writers: Ilona Fors ... et al.]
The dramatick works of Beaumont and Fletcher : collated with all the former editions, and corrected; with notes, critical and explanatory, by various commentators; and adorned with fifty-four original engravings, : in ten volumes. Volume 10., Containing, Two noble kinsmen; Tragedy of Thierry and Theodoret; Woman-hater; Nicevalour; or, the passionate madman; Honest man's fortune; Masque; Four plays, or moral representations, in one
Lost books : reconstructing the print world of pre-industrial Europe
Rome reborn : the Vatican Library and Renaissance culture
Cyclopædia of English literature : a history, critical and biographical of British authors from the earliest to the present times : in two volumes. Vol. 1
Travels in north Europe from modern writers, with remarks and observations; : exhibiting a connected view of the geography and present state of that disision of the globe
Explanations and sailing directions to accompany the wind and current charts. Volume 1
Jane Eyre : an autobiography. 1-2
Descent of the Danube, from Ratisbon to Vienna, during the autumn of 1827 : with anecdotes and recollections, historical and legendary, of the towns, castles, monasteries, &e, upon the banks of the river, and their inhabitants and proprietors, ancient and modern
Flemish art in Transylvania : Brukenthal Museum in Sibiu
Treasures of the Toyo Bunko
Bibliographica iuridica. 3, Edoardo Volterra (1904-1984) : a catalogue of the early printed books in his librray, now in the Ecole française de Rome
The hills of the Shatemuc. 1
The poetical works of Robert Burns : with the life and portrait of the author
The mill on the Floss. 2.
The dramatick works of Beaumont and Fletcher : collated with all the former editions, and corrected; with notes, critical and explanatory, by various commentators; and adorned with fifty-four original engravings, : in ten volumes. Volume 1., Containing, Prefaces; Commendatory poems; Maid,s tragedy; Philaster; Kinf and no king; Scornful lady
The book thief : the true crimes of Daniel Spiegelman
The dramatick works of Beaumont and Fletcher : collated with all the former editions, and corrected; with notes, critical and explanatory, by various commentators; and adorned with fifty-four original engravings, : in ten volumes. Volume 3., Containing, Humorous lieutenant; Faithful shepherdess; Mad lover; Loyal subject; Rule a wife and have a wife
Vanity Fair : a novel without a hero : in three volumes. Vol. 2
The dramatick works of Beaumont and Fletcher : collated with all the former editions, and corrected; with notes, critical and explanatory, by various commentators; and adorned with fifty-four original engravings, : in ten volumes. Volume 9., Containing, Coronation; Sea-voyage; Coxcomb; Wit at several weapons; Fair maid of the inn; Cupid's revenge
The traveller's companion : being a collection of such expressions as occur moet frequently in travelling, and in the different situations of life : in five languages: English, German, Italian, French, and Russ
People of the book
A view of the various editions of the Greek and Roman classics : with remarks
Creating French culture : treasures of the Bibliothéque Nationale de France
Lost, stolen or shredded : stories of missing works of art and literature
A long way from the Armstrong beer parlour : a life in rare books
The dramatick works of Beaumont and Fletcher : collated with all the former editions, and corrected; with notes, critical and explanatory, by various commentators; and adorned with fifty-four original engravings, : in ten volumes. Volume 5., Containing, Chances; Tragedy of Rollo, duke of Normandy; Wild-goose chase; A wife for a month; Lovers' progress; Pilgrim
Thieves of Book Row : New York's most notorious rare book ring and the man who stopped it
The larvae of the British butterflies and moths. Vol. 5, The second portion of the noctuae
Hypatia, or, New foes with an old face. Vol. 1
Eikonopoiia : digital imaging of ancient textual heritage : proceedings of the international conference, Helsinki, 28 -29 November, 2010 /edited by Vesa Vahtikari, Mika Hakkarainen, Antti nurminen
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
By its cover
The larvae of the British butterflies and moths. Vol. 3, The concluding portion of the bombyces
Old and rare books on materia medica in the Library of the Swedish Pharmaceutical Society [Apotekarsocieteten] : an illustrated and annotated catalogue
The Book of hours in medieval art and life
The dramatick works of Beaumont and Fletcher : collated with all the former editions, and corrected; with notes, critical and explanatory, by various commentators; and adorned with fifty-four original engravings, : in ten volumes. Volume 6., Containing, Captain; Prophetess; Queen of Corinth; Tragedy of Bonduca; Knight of the burning Pestle
Jack Hinton, the guardsman
The dramatick works of Beaumont and Fletcher : collated with all the former editions, and corrected; with notes, critical and explanatory, by various commentators; and adorned with fifty-four original engravings, : in ten volumes. Volume 7., Containing, Lover's pilgrimage; Double marriage; Maid in the mill; Knight of Malta; Love's cure; or, the martial maid
Northward : over the "great ice" : a narrative of life and work along the shores and upon the interior ice-cup of northern Greenland in the years 1886 and 1891-1897 : in two volumes. Vol. 2.
A winter in Lapland and Sweden : with various observations, relating to Finnmark and its inhabitants; made during a residence at Hammerfest, near the north cape
Tempest and sunshine
Provenance evidence : thesaurus for use in rare book and special collections cataloguing
Through Finland in carts
Iconographia Mycologica. Vol. 29, Supplementum 3, Inocybe: tabulae
Codex Rosae Crucis : a rare and curious manuscript of Rosicrucian interest, now published for the first time in its original form
The depths of the ocean : a general account of the modern science of oceanography based largely on the scientific researches of the Norwegian steamer Michael Sars in the North Atlantic
Visit to northern Europe : or sketches descriptive, historical, political and moral, of Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Finland, and the free cities of Hamburg and Lubeck : containing notices of the manners and customs, commerce, manufactures, arts and sciences, education, literature, and religion, of those countries and cities : in two volumes. Vol. 1.
The poems of Ossian
Narrative of a second voyage in search of North-West Passage, and of a residence in the Arctic regions during the years 1829, 1830, 1831, 1832, 1833
Hoppus's practical measurer; : or measuring made easy to the meanest capacity, by a newset of tables which shew, at sight, the solid content of any piece of timber, stone &e ..
A history of the British zoophytes
The anatomy & physiology of the blow-fly (Musca vomitoria Linn.) : a monograph
Finnish and lappish and their mutual relationship
The land of the midnight sun : summer and winter journeys through Sweden, Norway, Lapland and Northern Finland. Vol. 1
The larvae of the British butterflies and moths. Vol. 7, The first portion of the geometrae
Dred; a tale of the great dismal swamp : in two volumes. Vol. 1
The history of Lapland : containing a geographical description, and a natural history of that country; with an account of the inhabitants, their original, religion, customs, habits, marriages, conjurations, employments
Guidelines for the cataloguing of rare books
The India directory : or directions for sailing to and from the East Indies, China, Australia, and the interjacent ports of Africa and South America. Volume 1.-2
Gravûry XVIII veka iz kollekcii redkih knig Fundamental'noj biblioteki = The 18th century typogravures from the collection of bibliographical rarities of the Fundamental library
The constitutional history of England : in its origin and development. Vol. 3
A brief history of Estonian book
Hypatia, or, New foes with an old face. Vol. 2
Vanity Fair : a novel without a hero : in three volumes. Vol. 1
One hundred treasures from the British Library
A hand-book to the marsupialia and monotremata
The constitutional history of England : in its origin and development. Vol. 1
On the structure and development of the skull in the salmon (Salmo salar, L.). On the structure and development of the skull in sturgeons (Acipenser ruthenus and A. sturio). On the development of the skull in Lepidosteus osseus
The external morphology of the Lepidopterous pupa : its relation to that of the other stages and to the origin and history of metamorphosis. Parts 4-5
History of the war in the Peninsula and in the South of France from the year 1807 to the year 1814. [1], 1807-1810 : with maps and plans
Space, time and gravitation : an outline of the general relativity theory
An introduction to the knowledge of rare and valuable editions of the Greek and Latin classics : 2 Bände in 1 Band
The Kalevala : the epic poem of Finland
The Aldine Press : catalogue of the Ahmanson-Murphy collection of books by or relating to the press in the Library of the University of California, Los Angeles : incorporating works recorded elsewhere
Rare & old : basic knowledge of illumination- and illustration materials and techniques for the valuation of rare old books
Lee Raven, boy thief
Summary: The holy places of the Lapps.
The Dr. Elliott & Eileen Hinkes collection of rare books in the history of scientific discovery
The mill on the Floss. 1.
Tales of the castle : or stories of instruction and delight
Finlands fiskar = The fishes of Finland
Lachesis lapponica or a tour in Lapland
The anatomy of melancholy, what it is : with all the kinds, causes, symptomes, prognostics, and several cures of it : in three partitions, with their several sections, ... , to which is prefixed, a satyrical preface, ..
New sailing directions for the Mediterranean sea, the Adriatic, or Gulf of Venice, the Black Sea, Grecian archipelago, and the seas of Marmara and Azov : containing intructions for navigating the various coasts, islands, bays, ports, and harbours, and for avoiding the numerous rocks, shoals and othe dangers in the seas
Nature : an essay to which are added orations, lectures and addresses
Shakespeare's First folio : four centuries of an iconic book
The history of human marriage. Part 1, The origin of human marriage
Murder is binding : a Booktown mystery
The dramatick works of Beaumont and Fletcher : collated with all the former editions, and corrected; with notes, critical and explanatory, by various commentators; and adorned with fifty-four original engravings, : in ten volumes. Volume 4., Containing, Laws of candy; False one; Little french lawyer; Tragedy of valentinian; Monsieur Thomas
Horace
Northward : over the "great ice" : a narrative of life and work along the shores and upon the interior ice-cup of northern Greenland in the years 1886 and 1891-1897 : in two volumes. Vol. 1.
The art & history of books
Tom Burke of "ours"
The library of Benjamin Franklin
The shadow of the wind : a novel
The origin of species : by means of natural selection or the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life
The seaman's new daily assistant : exhibiting an easy and expeditious method of keeping a ship's reckoning at sea; containing rules for working the various sailings by the tables of difference of latitude and departure, and for finding the latitude and variation of the compass by observation ..
Harvesting ants and trap-door spiders : notes and observations on their habits and dwellings
The adventures of captain Bonneville
A geographical description of the United States, with the contiguous British and Spanish possessions, : intended as an accompaniment to Melish's map of these countries
A. de la Motraye's travels through Europe, Asia and into part of Africa : with proper cutts and maps : containing a great variety of geographical, topographical and political observations on those parts of the world, especially on Italy, Turky, Greece, Crim and Noghaian Tartaries, Circassia, Sweden, and Lapland. [...]. Vol. I-II
Miscellanies : or a collection of amusing stories, anecdotes, etc. : selected for the use of the middle classes of the Commercial School St. Petersburg
Rare books and special collections
A very fine copy of this beautifully illustrated entomological work published during the Golden period of South German natural history book production. Jacob Schaeffer (sometimes spelled Schäffer) was a Bavarian clergyman-naturalist, a phenomenon so characteristic of the age of Enlightenment. His interest was broad and apart from publishing the most beautiful early iconography on fungi he published on birds, entomology and paper-making, however most of his works describe the fauna and flora of South Germany. Schaeffer had his own cabinet of curiosities, the Schaefferianum, which was visited by Goethe in 1786. The detailed and exact figures illustrate Schaeffer's system of classification, which was based on the wings and the number of tarsi. The fourth section 'Von den Werkzeugen der Behandlung und Sammlung der Insecten' is illustrated with 3 plates, 2 show entomological hunting material and how to preserve insects, the last plate shows a superb entomological baroque cabinet. The plates with the exception of three were printed on both sides of a leaf.
The new Timon : a poetical romance ; St. Stephen's : a poem
Codices illustres : the world's most famous illuminated manuscripts 400 to 1600
The land of the midnight sun : summer and winter journeys through Sweden, Norway, Lapland and Northern Finland. Vol. 2
Europe's national libraries : 15 years of joint programmes
Myth and religion : or an enquiry into their nature and relations
The garnet bracelet and other stories
On the species of Echinoidea described by Linnaeus in his work Museum Ludovicae Ulricae
A tour through Sweden, Swedish-Lapland, Finland, and Danmark
Rara : haruldusi Tartu Riikliku Ülikooli Teaduslikus Raamatukogus = Raritety v Naučnoj biblioteke Tartuskogo gosudarstvennogo universiteta = Rarities in the Scientific Library of Tartu State University
Winter sketches in Lapland, or, illustrations of a journey from Alten on the shores of Polar Sea in 69 ̊55" north lat. through Norwegian, Russian, and Swedish Lapland, to Torneå at the extremity of the Gulf of Bothnia : intended to exhibit a complete view of the mode of travelling with rein-deer, the most striking incidents that occurred during the journey, and the general character of the winter scenery of Lapland = Vues d'hiver en Laponie, illustratives d'un voyage entrepris au mois de décembre, et en grande partie fait en traineaux tirés par des rennes; depuis Alten, sur les bords de la mer Polaire, sous les 69 ̊55" de lat. n. à travers les Laponies, norwègienne, suedoise, et russe, jusqu'à Torneå, port situé au fond du golfe de Bothnie : offrant la manière complète et singulière de voyager dans ces pays, les incidents les plus marquans de ce voyage, enfin un tableau général de l'hiver en Laponie
The Sayers Swindle
The collectors
