http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6530 kabuki
kabuki
Kabuki today : the art and tradition
Beauty in the pine : creative expressiveness of the pine in Japanese aesthetics
Miracles & mischief : Noh and Kyo‍gen theater in Japan
Kabuki heroes on the Osaka stage 1780-1830 / C. Andrew Gerstle with Timothy Clark, Akiko Yano
Kabuki plays on stage. Vol. 2, Villainy and Vengeance, 1773-1799
Kabuki acting techniques. 1, The body
Kabuki heroes on the Osaka stage, 1780-1830
Kissing the mask : beauty, understatement and femininity in Japanese Noh theater : with some thoughts on muses (especially Helga Testorf), transgender women, Kabuki goddesses, porn queens, poets, housewives, makeup artists, geishas, Valkyries and Venus figurines
Kabuki is well known for its exaggerated acting, flamboyant costumes and makeup, and unnatural storylines. The onnagata, usually male actors who perform the roles of women, have been an important aspect of kabuki since its beginnings in the 17th century. In a "labyrinth" of gendering, the practice of men playing women's roles has affected the manifestations of femininity in Japanese society. In this case study of how gender has been defined and redefined through the centuries, Maki Isaka examines how the onnagata's theatrical gender "impersonation" has shaped the concept and mechanisms of femininity and gender construction in Japan. The implications of the study go well beyond disciplinary and geographic cloisters.
Japan : the fleeting spirit / Nelly Delay
Kabuki : a mirror of Japan : ten plays that offer a glimpse into evolving sensibilities
Masterpieces of kabuki : eighteen plays on stage
Kabuki backstage, onstage : an actor's life
Playing gender : an analysis of gender performance in Nō, kabuki, bunrauku and Takarazuka
Kabuki : the popular theater
A guide to the Japanese stage : from traditional to cutting edge / Ronald Cavaye, Paul Griffith, Akihiko Senda
The Oxford handbook of Japanese cinema
Kabuki : five classic plays
Japanese plays : classic noh, kyogen and kabuki works
Nagauta : the heart of Kabuki musik
Kunisada : puupiirtäjä Kabuki-teatterissa : Antellin kokoelmien japanilaiset puupiirrokset = En träsnittskonstnär på Kabuki-teatern : de japanska träsnitten i Antellska samlingen = An artist in the Kabuki theatre : the Japanese prints in the Antell collection
Chūshingura (The treasury of loyal retainers) : a puppet play by Izumo Takeda, Shōraku Miyoshi and Senryū Namiki ; transl. by Donald Keene
Drama and society
The floating world : Japanese popular prints 1700-1900
Kabuki plays on stage. Volume 1, Brilliance and Bravado, 1697-1766
The Wadsworth anthology of drama
Drama and symbolism
Danjūrō's girls : women on the Kabuki stage
Kabuki plays on stage. Volume 4, Restoration and Reform, 1872-1905
A kabuki reader : history and performance
The kabuki theatre
Kabuki in modern Japan : Mayama Seika and his plays
Audience and the actors : a study of their interaction in the Japanese traditional theatre
Onnagata : a labyrinth of gendering in kabuki theater
Kabuki : baroque fusion of the arts
The Art of Kabuki : famous plays in performance
An outline history of Japanese drama
The actors' analects = (Yakusha rongo)
Japanese theatre
Heroes of the Kabuki stage : an introduction to kabuki with retellings of famous plays, illustrated by woodblock prints
Kabuki acting techniques. 2, The voice
Kabuki plays on stage. Volume 3, Darkness and Desire, 1804-1864
Modern Japanese theatre and performance
A history of Japanese theater. 2, Bunraku and kabuki
The Ashgate research companion to Japanese music
