http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6531 Northwest Passage
Northwest Passage
Across the top of the world : the quest for the Northwest Passage
Politics of the Northwest Passage
Ultima Thule : Arctic explorations
Fields of ice
Longitude and empire : how Captain Cook's voyages changed the world
A most dangerous voyage : an exhibition of books and maps documenting four centuries of exploration in search of a Northwest Passage
Green tourism turns into nuclear cruising for 60 vacationist caught in the ice
Arctic labyrinth : the quest for the Northwest Passage
Transit management in the northwest passage : problems and prospects
Shipping in Arctic waters : a comparison of the Northeast, Northwest and trans-polar passages
Inuit art : an introduction
Boundless : tracing land and dream in a new Northwest Passage
My life as an explorer
The Northwest passage : arctic straits
Voyages to Hudson Bay in search of a Northwest Passage 1741-1747. Vol. 1, The voyage of Christopher Middleton 1741-1742
Historical dictionary of the discovery and exploration of the Northwest Passage
In 2010, bestselling author Kathleen Winter took a journey across the legendary Northwest Passage connecting the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans alongside marine scientists, historians, archaeologists, anthropologists, and curious passengers. From Greenland to Baffin Island and all along this arctic passage, Winter bears witness to the new mathematics of the melting North where polar bears mate with grizzlies, creating a new hybrid species; where the earth is on the cusp of yielding so much buried treasure that five nations stand poised to claim sovereignty of the land; and where the local Inuit population struggles to navigate the tension between taking their part in the new global economy and defending their traditional way of life. Throughout the journey she also learns much from her fellow travellers about the original expeditions, how to survive in a wasteland, Inuit society, the real perils of climate change and guides us through her own personal odyssey, emigrating from England to Canada as a child and discovering both what was lost and what was gained as a result of that journey. In breathtaking prose charged with vivid descriptions of the land and its people, Kathleen Winter's Boundless is a haunting and powerful story: a homage to the ever-evolving and magnetic power of the North.
For centuries British navigators dreamt of finding the Northwest Passage - the route over the top of North America that would open up the fabulous wealth of Asia to British merchants. We know now that, while several such passages exist, during the period of the search by sailing vessels they were choked by impassable ice. But this knowledge was slowly won, as expedition after expedition, under the most terrible conditions, slowly filled in their patchy and sometimes fatally misleading charts. "Arctic Labyrinth" tells this extraordinary story with great skill and brilliance. From the tiny, woefully equipped ships of the first Tudor expeditions to the icebreakers and nuclear submarines of the modern era, Glyn Williams describes how every form of ingenuity has been used to break through or try to get round the nightmarish ice barriers set in a maze of sterile islands. The heroism, folly and horror of these voyages seem almost unbelievable, with entire ships crushed, mass starvation, epics of endurance - and all in pursuit of a goal that ultimately proved futile. Williams' book is both an important work of exploration and naval history, and a remarkable study in human delusion and fortitude.
Cold front : conflict ahead in Arctic waters
To the Pacific and Arctic with Beechey : the journal of Lieutenant George Peard of H.M.S. Blossom, 1825-1828
