http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6548 choice of profession
choice of profession
A world of work : imagined manuals for real jobs
Career development and systems theory : a new relationship
Careers in music
Career development interventions in the 21st century
A life at work : the joy of discovering what you were born to do
Life beyond the classroom : transition strategies for young people with disabilities
This thoroughly practical book combines cognitive and behavioural approaches with vocational counselling and coaching, providing clear, practical strategies and a wealth of materials that can be used with clients in one-to-one or group settings.
Beyond the baton : what every conductor needs to know
Job, interviews, success
Careers in focus : family and consumer sciences
The art of work : a proven path to discovering what you were meant to do
Double your income doing what you love : Raymond Aaron's guide to power mentoring
The effects of redistribution on occupational choice and intergenerational mobility : does wage equality nail the cobbler to his last?
Job-hunting on the internet : a desktop companion to the website, http://www.tenspeed.com/parachute
Career development needs of nine-year olds : how to improve career development programs
Choosing one's way: a co-star or a lonestar? : longitudinal study on the entrepreneurial processes of franchisees and self-employed persons in stand-alone businesses
Vocational intrests of men and women
The pathfinder : how to choose or change your career for a lifetime of satisfaction and success
My effectual journey as a jewellery designer
Vocational psychology : the study of vocational behavior and development
Making your living as a string player : career guidance from the experts at Strings magazine
"Foundations of Family and Consumer Sciences: Careers Serving Individuals, Families and Communities introduces the history of the profession and career opportunities. For each area, career opportunities are explored and trends are surveyed. Career planning strategies are described. Professional profiles and case studies give students an insight into the profession"--Provided by publisher.
You are thinking of teaching? : opportunities, problems, realities
I'm good at geography : what job can I get?
Approaching the future : a study of Swedish school leavers' information related activities
Sociology and philosophy
Handbook of vocational psychology. Vol. 1, Foundations
Third culture kids' career choices and mission call
Reframing career counselling in terms of counsellor-client negotiations : an interpretive study of career counselling concepts and practice
Career choices for veterinarians : beyond private practice
Diversity & women's career development : from adolescence to adulthood
Essentials of career interest assessment
Motives for the choice of the teaching profession correlated with success in the entrance examination and in student teaching
Looking forward to work : a report on the first stage of a follow-up survey of fifteen and sixteen years old boy school-leavers, carried out by Social Survey Division of the Office of Population Censuses and surveys on behalf of the Central Youth Employment Executive
Becoming an interior designer
From school to work
Occupational choice : a selection of papers from 'The Sociological Review'
Social habitus and the impact of socio-cultural factors on vocational behavior of adolescents : a cross-national comparison of French and Finnish students
How to strengthen your winning business personality
Mapping the future : young people and career guidance
So you wanna be an embedded engineer : the guide to embedded engineering, from consultancy to the corporate ladder
The ECO guide to careers that make a difference
Occupations and values
NordYrk : Nordic journal of vocational education and training
Career, aptitude and selection tests : match your IQ personality and abilities to your ideal career
Were they pushed or did they jump? : individual decision mechanisms in education
Cornerstones for professionalism
Turun terveydenhuolto-oppilaitos = Turku Institute of Health Care Education
Career development and systems theory : connecting theory and practice
Vocational psychological and organisational perspectives on career : towards a multidisciplinary dialogue
So good they can't ignore you : why skills trump passion in the quest for work you love
The objective of this paper is to describe the survey on third culture kids' (TCKs') career choices and mission call. The survey aimed to find out how international childhood has influenced the choices of education and profession, how many third culture kids choose a missionary career, and which factors contribute to those choices. The data is based on responses of 48 Finnish and American adult missionary kids. The theoretical background is derived from studies on third culture kids, interviews, and biographies. It suggests that the years spent abroad have a significant impact on adult third culture kids' life choices. The survey results confirm that. The third culture kids have higher education than their peers and most pursue a college or university degree. Most third culture kids choose a profession with an international dimension and practical application abroad. Almost half of the missionary kids wish to become or have become missionaries themselves, and another third wishes to live and work abroad..
Finding a job : how to plan your career
Becoming a midwife
Teaching selves : identity, pedagogy and teacher education
The 21st-century singer : making the leap from the university into the world
Saving the earth as a career : advice on becoming a conservation professional
Becoming a product designer
"The world has gotten smaller" : third year IB high school students' perceptions on the international baccalaureate diploma programme: internationalisation, English medium instruction and career choice
Organized around the National Career Development Association's competencies and the American Counseling Association's Code of Ethics and Standards of Practice, this top-selling text presents theories, assessments, planning tools, resources, and technologies relevant to modern career development. With four chapters devoted to career development in educational settings, this book analyzes the aspects of career development interventions for the elementary, middle and high school, higher ed, and community audiences. Also provided are strategies for implementing career counseling techniques and creating and designing career development programs.
Information science 101
What color is your parachute? 2012 : a practical manual for job-hunters and career-changers
Beyond talent : creating a successful career in music
Career transitions in sport : international perspectives
The theacher's ego : when singers become voice teachers
I'm good at history : what job can I get?
Explores a range of career development topics, including the reasons people choose their careers; how changes, interests, and skills occur throughout the life cycle; how people do or do not change and adapt to their careers; and more.
Handbook of career counseling : theory and practice
What color is your parachute? : a practical manual for job-hunters & career-changers
Motivational career counselling and coaching : cognitive and behavioural approaches
Career counseling : a holistic approach
To be a scientist
Becoming a digital designer : a guide to careers in web, video, broadcast, game and animation design
Women and technology in Europe
One's own teacher and the choice of the teaching profession
Becoming a psychologist
Career flow : a hope-centered approach to career development
A guide to career management and programming for adults with disabilities : a 21st century perspective
Working for the enviroment : how to make a career of caring for the world we live in
Career theory and practice : learning through case studies
Career development needs of seventeen-year olds : how to improve career development programs
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
Careers for graduates in arts, commerce, social science, law
Career choice and development
A guide to computer careers
Careers : the graphic guide to finding the perfect job for you
Vocational interests : meaning, measurement, and counseling use
Foundations of family and consumer sciences : careers serving individuals, families, and communities
The Crystal-Barkley guide to taking charge of your career
Kraus ́ recreation and leisure in modern society
Making vocational choices : a theory of careers
Sex differences in determinants of educational and occupational goal orientation : a study among 12.000 Swedish sixth graders
Conclusions (s. 243-250).
Gender and occupational outcomes : longitudinal assessments of individual, social, and cultural influences
Starting your career as a dancer
The anthropology graduate's guide : from student to a career
Increasing girls' interest in technology education as a way to advance women in technology
Research into personal development : educational and vocational choice
Making vocational choices : a theory of vocational personalities and work environments
Occupational choice and non-heterosexuality
It all begins with the music : developing successful artists and careers for the new music business
Part 1: Introduction and cases -- Introduction to theories of career development and choice: origins, evolution, and current efforts / Duane Brown -- Case studies / Duane Brown -- Part 2: Sociological perspective -- Career choice and development from a sociological perspective / Monica Kirkpatrick Johnson, Jeylan T. Mortimer -- Part 3: Developmental and postmodern theories -- Gottfredson's theory of circumscription, compromise, and self-creation / Linda S. Gottfredson -- Career construction: a developmental theory of vocational behavior / Mark L. Savickas -- A contextualist explanation of career / Richard A. Young, Ladislav Valach, Audrey Collin -- Part 4: Career development theories anchored in learning theory -- Social cognitive career theory / Robert W. Lent, Steven D. Brown, Gail Hackett -- A cognitive information processing approach to career problem solving and decision making / Gary W. Peterson, James P. Sampson Jr., Janet G. Lenz, Robert C. Reardon -- Part 5: Trait-factor theories and summation -- Holland's theory of personalities in work environments / Arnold R. Spokane, Erik J. Luchetta, Matthew H. Richwine -- Person-environment-correspondence theory / Rene V. Dawis -- The role of work values and cultural values in occupational choice, satisfaction, and success: a theoretical statement / Duane Brown.
Report. 3, part 4B, Equality in Employment and Occupation : general survey of the reports on the Discrimination (Employment and Occupation) Convention (no. 111) and Recommendation (no. 111), 1958 : report
Career choices in psychology
Male dancing as a career
Guidance : educational and vocational guidance in Finland
Preparing for working life : effects of group counseling on adolescents' career development and mental health
Becoming an orchestral musician : a guide for aspiring professionals
Career development and services : a cognitive approach
In this extraordinary eye-opening account, Georgetown University professor Dr. Calvin Newport debunks the long-held traditonal notion that 'following your passion' is good career advice.
The complete career makeover
Magnetic metal : toward a model for satisfaction of education and career in vocational upper secondary education and training of machinery and metal technology in the Lahti region
What color is your parachute workbook : how to create a picture of your ideal job or next career
Ammattimielikuva = Images of jobs
A practical guide to mentoring : play an active and worthwhile part in the development of others, and improve your own skills in the process
Increasing faculty diversity : the occupational choices of high-achieving minority students
Applying career development theory to counseling
Intuitive predictions and professional forecasts : cognitive processes and social consequences
Career choice and development : applying contemporary theories to practice
Career development needs of thirteen-year olds : how to improve career development programs
The psychology of careers : an introduction to vocational development
Self-employment and the predicted earnings differential - evidence from Finland
The psychology of vocational choice : a theory of personality types and model environments
Social constructionism in vocational psychology and career development
Income taxes and their effect on entrepreneurship
The giver
Schooling and status attainment : social origin and institutional dederminants
Theories of career development
Great jobs for math majors
IMPROVE : Guide for Validation of Career Guidance Practitioners' Competence
Assess for success : handbook on transition assessment
Professional choices : values at work
The impact of socio-cultural factors on vocational behavior : a cross-national comparison of French and Finnish students
