http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6541 navigation satellites
navigation satellites
Europe's satellite navigation programmes : GALILEO and EGNOS
Model course. 1.25, General Operator's Certificate for the Global Maritime Distress and Safety System
Effects of positioning aids on understanding the relationship between a mobile map and the environment
Galileo : Europe shows the way
For most of the twentieth century, maps were indispensable. They were how governments understood, managed, and defended their territory, and during the two world wars they were produced by the hundreds of millions. Cartographers and journalists predicted the dawning of a “map-minded age,” where increasingly state-of-the-art maps would become everyday tools. By the century’s end, however, there had been decisive shift in mapping practices, as the dominant methods of land surveying and print publication were increasingly displaced by electronic navigation systems. In After the Map, William Rankin argues that although this shift did not render traditional maps obsolete, it did radically change our experience of geographic knowledge, from the God’s-eye view of the map to the embedded subjectivity of GPS. Likewise, older concerns with geographic truth and objectivity have been upstaged by a new emphasis on simplicity, reliability, and convenience. After the Map shows how this change in geographic perspective is ultimately a transformation of the nature of territory, both social and political.
GALILEO : an imperative for Europe
Ocean yachtmaster exercises : exercises in celestial navigation
Pinpoint : how GPS is changing our world
Over the last fifty years, humanity has developed an extraordinary global utility which is omnipresent, universal, and available to all: the Global Positioning System (GPS). A network of twenty-four satellites and their monitoring stations on Earth, it makes possible almost all modern technology, from the smartphone in your pocket to the Mars rover. Neither the internet nor the cloud would work without it. And it is changing us in profound ways we've yet to come to terms with. Pinpoint tells the remarkable story of GPS, from its conceptual origins as a bomb guidance system to its present status as one of the most important technologies in the world. Yet while GPS has brought us breathtakingly accurate methods of timekeeping, navigation, and earthquake tracking, our overwhelming reliance on it is having unexpected consequences on our culture, and on ourselves. GPS is reshaping our thinking about privacy and surveillance, and brings with it the growing danger of GPS terrorism. And neuroscientists have even found that using GPS for navigation may be affecting our cognitive maps - possibly rearranging the grey matter in our heads - leading to the increasingly common phenomenon 'Death by GPS', in which drivers blindly follow their devices into deserts, lakes, and impassable mountains. Deeply researched, inventive and with fascinating insights into the way we think about our place in the world, Pinpoint reveals the way that the technologies we design to help us can end up shaping our lives. It is at once a grand history of science and a far-reaching book about contemporary culture.
Model course 1.07 : general operator's certificate for the global maritime distress and safety system, 2004 edition
Advances in mobile mapping technology
GPS for land surveyors
GPS, GLONASS, Galileo and BeiDou for mobile devices : from instant to precise positioning
A software-defined GPS and Galileo Receiver : a single-frequency approach
GNSS for vehicle control
Space systems for navigation
Model course. 1.25, General operator's certificate for the global maritime distress and safety system
Adlard Coles Book of Electronic Navigation
Global Positioning System : theory and practice
Geocaching in the UK
Satellite geodesy : foundations, methods, and applications
Mobile location directory Finland 2003
Understanding the GPS : an introduction to the global positioning system : what it is and how it works
User experience of geocaching and its applications to tourism and education
Space satellite handbook
Principle and application progress in location-based services
Desktop mapping using GPS : Sahti - a software package for environmental monitoring
Dynamic positioning. Vol. 9
Development of Intelligent mobile platform for Decartus system : Mobile video surveillance system
Electronic navigation systems
Monitoring Turns Using Radar
Handbook of position location : theory, practice and advances
Galileo : the countdown has begun = le compte à rebours a commencé
Global navigation satellite systems : insights into GPS, GLONASS, Galileo, Compass, and others
After the map : cartography, navigation, and the transformation of territory in the twentieth century
Dynamic positioning
Radar observer's handbook : for merchant navy officers
Global positioning system : theory and practice
The use of visual aids to navigation
Ocean yachtmaster : the essential coursebook for the RYA Ocean Yachtmaster certificate
A-GPS : assisted GPS, GNSS, and SBAS
From visions to realities
Right at the top of the charts
GPS positioning and desktop mapping : applications to environmental monitoring
The ultimate navigation manual
GNSS - Global Navigation Satellite Systems : GPS, GLONASS, Galileo, and more
Outdoor navigation with GPS
Localization of mobile devices in multipath induced environments
Understanding GPS : principles and applications
