http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6547 educational choices
educational choices
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
Saving the earth as a career : advice on becoming a conservation professional
Choice and control in American education. Vol. 2, The practice of choice, decentralization and school restructuring
Lend me an ear : the temperament, selection and training of the hearing dog
NordYrk : Nordic journal of vocational education and training
Part 1: Introduction and cases -- Introduction to theories of career development and choice: origins, evolution, and current efforts / Duane Brown -- Case studies / Duane Brown -- Part 2: Sociological perspective -- Career choice and development from a sociological perspective / Monica Kirkpatrick Johnson, Jeylan T. Mortimer -- Part 3: Developmental and postmodern theories -- Gottfredson's theory of circumscription, compromise, and self-creation / Linda S. Gottfredson -- Career construction: a developmental theory of vocational behavior / Mark L. Savickas -- A contextualist explanation of career / Richard A. Young, Ladislav Valach, Audrey Collin -- Part 4: Career development theories anchored in learning theory -- Social cognitive career theory / Robert W. Lent, Steven D. Brown, Gail Hackett -- A cognitive information processing approach to career problem solving and decision making / Gary W. Peterson, James P. Sampson Jr., Janet G. Lenz, Robert C. Reardon -- Part 5: Trait-factor theories and summation -- Holland's theory of personalities in work environments / Arnold R. Spokane, Erik J. Luchetta, Matthew H. Richwine -- Person-environment-correspondence theory / Rene V. Dawis -- The role of work values and cultural values in occupational choice, satisfaction, and success: a theoretical statement / Duane Brown.
School choice and diversity : what the evidence says
Contrasting dynamics in education politics of extremes : school choice in Chile and Finland
Health-related selection into educational tracks : a mechanism producing socio-economic health differences
The impact of family background on the choice and returns of education in Finland : does gender matter?
The development and role of task motivation and task values during different phases of the school career
Learning difficulties, academic well-being and educational pathways among adolescent students
White middle-class identities and urban schooling
Choosing students : higher education admissions tools for the 21st century
School choice and the quasi-market
Why information systems and software engineering students enter and leave their study programme : a factor model and process theory
Explores a range of career development topics, including the reasons people choose their careers; how changes, interests, and skills occur throughout the life cycle; how people do or do not change and adapt to their careers; and more.
Summary (s. 9-15).
Parents' educational expectations and their social-psychological patterning
Gender and the politics of the curriculum
Interest in university studies : its role and relation to other motivational variables
The international  conference High heels to Hi-Tech, Oulu, Finland 2001 : increase gender equality in ICT-education and professions
Degrees of choice : class, race, gender and higher education
Collins Cobuild English dictionary for advanced learners
Markets, choice and equity in education
Summary.
My effectual journey as a jewellery designer
Careers education culture in schools : pupil's and school personnel's perception of careers education and working life orientation in lower secondary schools
Choosing university or vocational college - the formation of educational preferences
Towards free choice and market-oriented schools : problems and promises : report of a symposium held at Stockholm university 14-15 September 1992
Choice in education : potential and problems
Communicational and educational choices for minorities within minorities : the case of the Finland-Swedish deaf
Education policy analysis 2001.
Degrees of Choice provides a sophisticated account of the overlapping effects of social class, ethnicity and gender in the process of choosing which university to attend. The shift from an elite to a mass system has been accompanied by much political rhetoric about widening access, achievement-for-all and meritocratic equalisation. This book gives a full and contrary picture, drawing on qualitative and quantitative data to show how the welcome expansion of higher education has also deepened social stratification, generating new and different inequalities. While gender inequalities have reduced, those of social class remain and are now reinforced by racial inequalities in access. Employing perspectives from the sociology of education and particularly Bourdieu's work on distinction and judgement, the book links school institutional habitus and family class habitus, with individual choice making in a socially informed dynamic. The contradictions and tensions arising from attempts to expand student numbers rapidly are vividly brought alive through the narratives of prospective applicants to higher education. Students are seen to confront vastly different degrees of choice that are powerfully shaped by their social class and race. This rich empirical study of 500 applicants to higher education draws on an award winning enquiry funded by the Economic and Social Research Council. It will be essential reading in sociology, social policy and education, and important to higher education providers and careers teachers.
The flow of new students to different university fields : career motivation, educational choice and discriminating effects of university admission : a study of Finnish female students
The role of adolescents' peer groups in the school context
Limits of meritocracy : how fields of study and gender segregation affect social stratification in Finland
Summary: On and off the beaten tracks - searching for adulthood.
Educational choices of the future : a sociological inquiry into micro-politics in education
Policy entrepreneurs and school choice
Reasons for and consequences of local variation in upper secondary school enrolment
Women and higher engineering education : supporting strategies
Difficult but doable : good practices for equality work
Gender codes : why women are leaving computing
Gender and occupational outcomes : longitudinal assessments of individual, social, and cultural influences
Studies of supply and demand in higher education
Educational and gender equality in vocational education : the case of commercial education in Finland
Rethinking widening participation in higher education : the role of social networks
Quality issues and trends in vocational education and training in Europe
The case against school choice : politics, markets, and fools
Diversification of vocational choices for women
Motives for the choice of the teaching profession correlated with success in the entrance examination and in student teaching
Choice and equity in education
Teaching selves : identity, pedagogy and teacher education
Career choice and development
Environmental science & protection : keeping our planet green
Subject choices of students
The economics of school choice
Effects of family type, SES and adolescent adjustment on educational trajectories among Finnish secondary school students
Teacher education evaluation
Mapping the future : young people and career guidance
Puppy training : the essential guide for all puppy owners
Future-orientation of Finnish students
Explaining mechanisms of educational career choice : a follow-up study of the educational career choices of a group of youths that finished compulsory education in 1990
Information counseling service design for Finnish high school students' educational aspiration : a case study of SYK (Helsingin suomalainen yhteiskoulu) and UH (the University of Helsinki)
Sex differences in determinants of educational and occupational goal orientation : a study among 12.000 Swedish sixth graders
Social habitus and the impact of socio-cultural factors on vocational behavior of adolescents : a cross-national comparison of French and Finnish students
A new puppy in the family : how to choose and care for your new pet
Magnetic metal : toward a model for satisfaction of education and career in vocational upper secondary education and training of machinery and metal technology in the Lahti region
Abstract: The well-being of optimistic, well-performing high school students from high school to university.
Demand-sensitive schooling? : evidence and issues
Choice and diversity in schooling : perspectives and prospects
What older people learn : the whys and wherefores of older people learning
Careers : the graphic guide to finding the perfect job for you
School : a matter of choice
Current visions and analyses on Finnish higher education system
Crossroads between mind, society and culture : in honour of Yrjö-Paavo Häyrynen in his sixtieth birthday 14 November 1993
Women and technology in Europe
University choice, equality and academic performance
An equity perspective on access to, enrolment in and finance of tertiary education
You are thinking of teaching? : opportunities, problems, realities
Essays on educational choice and intergenerational mobility
Explaining mechanisms of educational career choice : follow-up study of the educational career choices of a group of youths that finished compulsory education in 1990
Market approaches to education : vouchers and school choice
The Globalisation of school choice?
Educational and vocational guidance in the European Community
Governing the school choice : from market mechanisms to equity enabling configurations
Schools, markets and choice policies
Gender and subject in higher education
The social inheritance of education : equality of educational opportunity among young people in Finland
Choice and control in American education. 1, The theory of choice and control in education
School choice and competition : markets in the public interest?
