http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p654 barriers to trade
barriers to trade
Conclusion (s. 211-214).
Electronic commerce is a constantly growing business form in the world. At the same time, the income of middle class in developing countries is increasing, which booms the world s tourism and a demand for traditional and online travel agencies can be perceived.  The objective of this thesis is to find the current shortcomings or limitations in eCommerce in consumer retailing, with a focus on online travel agencies operating in Finland. There exist several researches relating to the eCommerce barriers in the travel services field, but not any from the Finnish perspective.  The main research problem is: What are the barriers to eCommerce of online travel agencies (OTAs) operating in Finland?  The research method used in this desktop study is qualitative, a multiple-case study of four online travel agencies: E-ticket, Supersaver, Travellink and Travelstart. The secondary data was collected from several various research reports, research journals, statistics offices data bases, articles, companies websites, study reports and international trade websites.  The results of the research are that in Finland, disintermediation in the value chain of travel services is limiting the online travel agencies sales, the major part of airline ticket sales is direct selling at 86 %, consumers prefer to shop in person, they have no need to buy through the Internet and they have payment security concerns. When examining the case companies websites, there were several deficiencies: lack of contact information, false information, broken and false hyperlinks, customer service poorly available, blogs needed, payment methods to be improved, information to be presented in richer ways and missing customer member pages. The lack of quality in the website of an online travel agency is a concern as it is the only contact in many cases the consumer has with the company.
Free trade for global prosperity : Japan's "action program" for easy access to its markets
Negative economic relations between states : a case-intensive analysis : an approach for describing the theory of long-term negative economic relations
The effect of Russia’s accession to the WTO on Russian trade
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 9, The "Cost of Non-Europe" in financial services
Enhancing the performance of the services sector
Identification of barriers in international trade under imperfect competition
The impact of regulations on agro-food trade : the Technical Barriers to Trade (TBT) and Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures (SPS) agreements
Economic analysis for international trade negotiations : the WTO and agricultural trade
International trade
Trade Liberalization and Labour Markets: Perspective from OECD Economies
Is the single market working?
Boosting manufacturing firms' exports? : the role of trade facilitation in Africa
Indicators of tariff and non-tariff trade barriers
Toward a typology of civil society actors : the case of the movement to change international trade rules and barriers
Simplification of customs procedures : reducing transaction costs for efficiency, integrity, and trade facilitation
Europe's domestic market
Free trade within North America : expanding trade for prosperity : proceedings of the 1991 Conference on the Southwest Economy sponsored by the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas
Building the network for Braziler technologies inc. : case: Braziler Technologies Inc
Free movement of goods : guide to the application of Treaty provisions governing the free movement of goods
Research on the "Cost on Non-Europe" : Basic findings. Volume 11, The EC 92 automobile sector
Termites in the trading system : how preferential agreements undermine free trade
Quantitative methods for trade-barrier analysis
Catalogue of Community legal acts and other texts relating to elimination of technical barriers to trade for industrial products
Quantification of non-tariff measures
Export potential and linguistic customisation of digital products and services : executive summary
Iran is one of the richest countries in the Middle East, due to its people and natural resources. Lately Iran has been in the media spotlight and created lot of controversy through out the world concerning Iran's alleged possession of nuclear power and its usage. The United States has resisted Iran's actions in fear that the real attempt is to manufacture nuclear weapons and it has forced economical sanctions to Iran in hope of stopping its actions. This thesis is a qualitative case study on trade obstacles in Iran, and it is done in co-operation with PerkinElmer/Wallac Oy. The theory part examines issues that biotechnical companies need to consider and analyse before starting an exporting process to Iran. It clarifies the meaning of export and introduces requirements and readiness of a company or a product to be able to export. It deals mainly with exporting of a product to Iran's markets. In this part, the meaning of commercial and political obstacles in international trade is presented. Furthermore, the theoretical part deals with the market situation in Iran from the perspective of a biotechnical company. In this context, the present state of Iran's health care system is examined and the economical and political atmosphere is introduced as well. The empirical research discusses whether there is demand for PerkinElmer's products in Iran. The research presents possible advantages and disadvantages of working closely with Iran. The political and commercial obstacles that biotechnical companies might face while penetrating Iran's markets are examined. Furthermore, the research indicates what kind of process of entering Iran would be in general. The empirical research was conducted through interviewing representatives of PerkinElmer. The results from the study indicate that several sanctions and regulations have been imposed to Iran. A business transaction with Iran has been made almost impossible. Iran is one of the countries in the U.S. embargoed list. Iran is a very bureaucratic country and only recently it has opened its markets to foreign companies. Iranian health care has improved a lot in recent years, but the country is falling behind in technical improvements. Iran needs foreign investments to update its system. For biotechnical companies, there exits business opportunities in Iran, they are just waiting to be discovered.
Liberalising fisheries markets : scope and effects
Beyond trade friction : Japan-U.S. economic relations
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 6, Technical barriers in the EC : an illustrstion by six industries
The liberalization process in Europe : market entry barriers versus competition stimulation : cases of Germany and Hungary
Responsive regulation : transcending the deregulation debate
U.S. policy toward Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union : selected essays, 1956-1988
Measuring the costs and benefits of protection : a partial equilibrium approach
Trade barriers in export of Finnish goods to Russian Federation
Barriers of free trade in the trade of used motorcycles to Finland
Comparative disadvantages? : social regulations and the global economy
Barriers in doing business from Finland to Russia: corruption and other challenges - myth or reality for the finnish SMEs
Finnish-German trade relations
Barriers to external and internal Community trade : The external application of measures and charges of equivalent effect under the law of the European Economic Community
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 12, Part A, The "Cost of Non-Europe" in the foodstuffs industry
Trade policy and the transition process
Korea South : doing business and investing in Korea South guide
Trade protection in the United States
Post-Uruguay round market access barriers for industrial products
The integration of the European Community and third states in Europe : a legal analysis
Technical barriers to trade
Trade facilitation : the challenges for growth and development
European trade in raw wood during the 1950's and prospects in the days of EEC and EFTA
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Agricultural policies in emerging and transition economies 2001 : special focus on non-tariff measures
Back to basics : market access issues in the Doha agenda
Nontariff distortions of trade : a statement on national policy
English abstract.
International economic policies in a globalized world
Barriers to trade with the economies in transition
Trade liberalisation, economic growth and the environment
The European Union's trade policies and their economic effects
Industry and West European integration. 2
Commercial and political obstacles for biotechnical industry exporting to Iran - Case study PerkinElmer/Wallac Oy
Doing business in Canada : conformity assessment guide for: EU designating authorities, EU conformity assessment bodies, European industry
Results of the business survey
Sustainable industrial development : Round Table Conference on Cooperation for Sustainable Industrial Development, Salle du Conseil, Palais des Nations, Geneva, 16 April 1996 : a review
The theory of protection
External access to European markets
The law and economics of contingent protection in the WTO
Deep integration : how transatlantic markets are leading globalization
Barriers to entry and intensity of competition in European markets
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 3, The completion of the internal market : a survey of European industry's perception of the likely effects
Competing for integration : Japan, Europe, Latin America and their stategic partners
Trade controls for political ends
Executive summary (s. 7-8).
Research on the "Cost on Non-Europe" : Basic findings. Volume 1, Basic studies : executive summaries
Catalogue of Community legal acts and other texts relating to the elimination of technical barriers to trade for industrial products
Barriers to eCommerce of online travel agencies in Finland
Impediments to parallel trade in pharmaceuticals within the European Community : final report
WTO rules for agriculture compatible with development
The economics of 1992 : the E.C. commission's assessment of the economic effect of completing the internal market
How will 1992 affect the rest of the world? : the reactions of some major countries and trade blocks towards EC integration
The market for non-traditional agricultural exports
International trade and developing countries : bargaining coalitions in the GATT & WTO
Issues in the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership : A critical discourse analysis
Nontariff distortions of international trade
Market entry strategies and confronted barriers on liberalized railway freight markets in Sweden and Poland
ASEAN free trade area : trading bloc or building block?
The impact of further tariff reduction on the EU sugar sector in the forthcoming multilateral round
International business opportunities : trade between Finland and El Salvador
Obstacles to trade and competition
The international trading system
Sharing the gains of globalization in the new security environment : the challenges to trade facilitation
Protectionist tendencies in the North and vulnerable economies in the South
Reforming the world trading system : legitimacy, efficiency, and democratic governance
Enlargement, trade, and investment : the impact of barriers to trade in Europe
National capacity-building in selected ESCWA member countries in view of technical barriers to trade and the WTO Agreements
Trade policy in a changing world economy
Trading down : Africa, value chains, and the global economy
Executive summary (s. 11-13).
WTOs future challenges : obstacles for ninth trade round
EU trade barrier regulation : tackling unfair foreign trade practices
Catalogue of Community legal acts and other texts relating to the 'Elimination of technical barriers to trade' [and] 'Nomenclature for iron and steel products (EURONORM)'
Public regulation : new perspectives on institutions and policies
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 13, Le "Coût de la Non-Europe" des produits de construction
The World Trade Organization Millennium Round : freer trade in the twenty-first century
Duty and quota-free access for LDCs : further evidence from CGE modelling
Economic nationalism in a globalizing world
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 14, The "Cost of Non-Europe" in the textile-clothing industry
