http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p655 protectionism
protectionism
Protectionism, exchange rates and the macroeconomy
Economic nationalism and development : Central and Eastern Europe between the two world wars
Themes in international economics
Global effects of liberalizing trade in farm products
International trade : new patterns of trade, production & investment
The effect of Russia’s accession to the WTO on Russian trade
Free trade versus fair trade : the making of American trade policy in a political environment
Selective safeguard measures in multilateral trade relations : issues of protectionism in GATT, European Community and United States law
The legal and moral aspects of international trade : freedom and trade. Vol. 3
Business, politics, and international relations : steel, cotton, and international cartels in British politics, 1924-1939
Black hole tariffs and endogenous policy theory : political economy in general equilibrium
International economics
The return to protection
Free trade under fire
Russia between integration and protectionism : international road transport, ports, and the forestry sector
From Mao to market : rent seeking, local protectionism, and marketization in China
Taking trade to the streets : the lost history of public efforts to shape globalization
Remaking U.S. trade policy : from protectionism to globalization
Free trade and its reception 1815-1960 : freedom and trade. Vol. 1
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
Determinants of the structure of tariff protection in Sweden
This book presents the concepts, theory and applications in a clear and concise manner. The eighteen chapters of the book are divided into two main parts, progressing from micro to macro economics, illustrated throughout by the use of examples. The third edition updates the real world data and includes a new chapter on the economic implications of major environmental factors such as pollution and traffic congestion, and expanded material on long-run production, regional policy, monetary union, deregulation and aggregate demand and supply.  KEY FEATURES clear and straightforward  ideal as an introductory text  up to date with all recent policy changes and European developments numerous illustrative examples and self-test questions with answers.   CONTENTS 1.The nature and scope of economics  2.Demand supply and marketing equilibrium   3.Elasticity   4.Consumer theory  5.Production and costs   6.Theory of the firm: perfect competition and monopoly   7.Theory of the firm: monopolistic competition and oligopoly  8.Wages   9.Interest, profits and rent  10.National income accounting  11.National income determination  12.Unemployment  13.Inflation  14.Money and banking  15.Public expenditure and finance  16.International trade and protection  17.The balance of payments and exchange rates  18.Impact of environmental factors  19.Managing the economy  Index.
Restrictiveness and international transmission of the "new" protectionism
Multinationals and Europe 1992 : strategies for the future
The softwood lumber war : politics, economics, and the long U.S.-Canada trade dispute
The international commercial system
The Great regression? : financial crisis in an age of global interdependence
Measuring the costs and benefits of protection : a partial equilibrium approach
Elements of international economics : with 41 figures and 9 tables
Trade, tariffs and growth : essays in international economics
Economics and world history : myths and paradoxes
Protectionism vs. free trade trade between the European Union and the United States : the case of the auto industry
The new protectionism : protecting the future against free trade
Europe today : national politics, European integration, and European security
Trade policy and global poverty
The great regression? : financial crisis in an age of global interdependence
The economics and ideology of free trade : a historical review
The Ashgate research companion to international trade policy
Trade protection in the United States
The global political economy of trade liberalisation : the textile and clothing industry
Trade policy issues and empirical analysis
Protectionism and world welfare
International trade opening and the formation of the global economy : selected essays of P. J. Lloyd
Heritage, affect and emotion : politics, practices and infrastructures
Depression and protectionism : Britain between the wars
Economic nationalism and international interdependence : the global costs of national choices
Protectionism and structural adjustment in the world economy
Agricultural trade protectionism in Japan : a survey
The regulation of international trade
Protection, international factor mobility and monopolistic competition
Protectionism
Agricultural policies, protectionism and trade : selected working papers, 1985-1987
National system of political economy. [III]. The systems, the politics
Can regional integration arrangements enforce trade discipline? : the story of EU enlargement
From protectionism to liberalization of agricultural trade : effects on developing countries
The theory of protection
Power, protection, and free trade : international sources of U.S. commercial strategy, 1887-1939
The tradition of free trade
The Jones act in light of United States’ national interests and transatlantic trade and investment partnership agreement
Intellectual property rights in China : politics of piracy, trade and protection
Legal visions of the new Europe : Essays celebrating the centenary of the faculty of law University of Liverpool
A stream of windows : unsettling reflections on trade, immigration and democracy
Regionalism and the geography of trade policies in EU-ASEAN trade
The national system of political economy. [I]. History
Henry C. Carey and American economic development
National welfare and economic interdependence : the case of Sweden's foreign trade policy
Institutions and trade policy
Company law and economic protectionism : new challenges to European integration
Anticompetitive practices in Japan : their impact on the performance of foreign firms
How will 1992 affect the rest of the world? : the reactions of some major countries and trade blocks towards EC integration
Measuring the costs of protection in China
National politics in a global economy : the domestic sources of U.S. trade policy
The economics of trade protection
Globalisation under threat : the stability of trade policy and multilateral agreements
Protectionist tendencies in the North and vulnerable economies in the South
The coming of globalization : its evolution and contemporary consequences
Aspects of the theory of tariffs
International trade policy
Trade policy and economic welfare
Summary (s. 8-9).
Regulation and markets
States against markets : the limits of globalization
International trade : free, fair and open?
Free trade versus protectionism : a source book of essays and readings
International trade : theory, strategies, and evidence
This is a collection of essays examining the conflict between EU law and company law, covering a broad range of topics including takeovers, mergers and restructuring, sovereign wealth funds, and proportionality of ownership and control.
The economics and politics of international trade : freedom and trade. Vol. 2
The relative inefficiency of quotas
The political economy of protection
The challenge from the East and the rebirth of the West
Protecting markets : U.S. policy and the world grain trade
Abstract (1 s.).
Public regulation : new perspectives on institutions and policies
The works of Henry Clay : comprising his life, correspondence and speeches. Vol. 10, The tariff : a history of tariff legislation from 1812-1896
Protection and liberalization : a review of analytical issues
European economy. 19, Economic trends and prospects 1983-84
Gene cartels : biotech patents in the age of free trade
The national system of political economy. [II]. Theory
