http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6555 volcanoes
volcanoes
Earth system evolution and the Mediterranean area from 23 MA to the present : 13th Congress RCMNS - 2nd - 6th September 2009. Naples, Italy. Guide book
Volcano : ordeal by fire in Iceland's Westmann Islands
Volcano : portrait of a world on fire
Fundamentals of physical volcanology
Volcanoes and earthquakes
Earthquakes to volcanoes
Volcanoes in Iceland : 10.000 years of cvolcanic history
Ashfall
Volcano eruption : explore materials and use science to survive
A description of active and extinct volcanos, of earthquakes, and of thermal springs; : with remarks on the causes of these ph nomena, the character of their respective products, and their influence on the past and present condition of the globe
Geologic hazard photos
Living with a volcano
Hottest, coldest, highest, deepest
Global catastrophes : a very short introduction
The earth in turmoil : earthquakes, volcanoes, and their impact on humankind
Formerly available as 35 mm. slides, these images of volcano eruptions, earthquake damage, and a variety of other geologic hazards have been scanned to produce a machine-readable file.
The restless country : volcanoes and earthquakes of New Zealand
Watching Vesuvius : a history of science and culture in early modern Italy
The volcanic earth : volcanoes and plate tectonics, past, present & future
Incredible earth
Fires of the earth : the Laki eruption 1783-1784
My tourist guide to the centre of the Earth
The volcano adventure guide
Volcanoes & earthquakes
100 geosites in South Iceland
Krakatau 1883 : the volcanic eruption and its effects
Vistas of a distant Fuji
Geological hazards : their assessment, avoidance, and mitigation
Memory boy
Hawaiian legends of volcanoes
The young geographer investigates volcanoes and earthquakes
Volcanoes of Europe
The Mýrdalsjökull Ice Cap, Iceland : glacial processes, sediments and landforms on an active volcano
More than six months after the eruption of the Yellowstone supervolcano, Alex and Darla retrace their steps to Iowa hoping to find Alex's parents and bring them to the tenuous safety of Illinois, but the journey is ever more perilous as the remaining communities fight to the death for food and power.
Invasion and recovery of vegetation after a volcanic eruption in Hawaii
The Usborne encyclopedia of planet earth
Earthquakes and volcanoes
Understanding earth
Volcanoes of the world
Volcano & earthquake
Natural hazards : state-of-the-art at the end of the second millennium
Earth
I wonder why volcanoes blow their tops : and other questions about natural disasters
After the eruption of the Yellowstone supervolcano destroys his city and its surroundings, fifteen-year-old Alex must journey from Cedar Falls, Iowa, to Illinois to find his parents and sister, trying to survive in a transformed landscape and a new society in which all the old rules of living have vanished.
The Magic School Bus inside the Earth
See under the ground
The encyclopedia of earthquakes and volcanoes
All about volcanoes : amazing explosions, earthquakes and eruptions
Volcanic, geothermal, and ore-forming fluids : rulers and witnesses of processes within the Earth
Tracks of the tiger
Volcanological and environmental studies of Mount Erebus, Antarctica
Dejstvujuš̌čie vulkany Kamčatki = Active volcanoes of Kamchatka. Tom 1
Volcanoes : fire from the earth
Causes of catastrophe : earthquakes, volcanoes, tidal waves, and hurricanes
The cherrytree book of the earth
Advances in ecological research : Vol. 24. 24
About planet earth
Characteristics of volcanoes, : with contributions of facts and principles from the Hawaiian Islands, including a historical review of Hawaiian volcanic action for the past sixty-seven years, a discussion of the relations of volcanic islands to deep-sea topography, and a chapter on volcanic-island denudation
Forces of the wild
How mountains are made
Illustrated atlas of the worldrev. ed
An island on fire : the extraordinary story of Laki, the volcano that turned eighteenth-century Europe dark
What is a volcano?
Mount St. Helens : biological research following the 1980 eruptions : an indexed bibliography and research abstracts (1980-1993)
What does it take for a volcanic eruption to really shake the world? Did volcanic eruptions extinguish the dinosaurs, or help humans to evolve, only to decimate their populations with a super-eruption 73,000 years ago? Did they contribute to the ebb and flow of ancient empires, the French Revolution and the rise of fascism in Europe in the 19th century? These are some of the claims made for volcanic cataclysm. Volcanologist Clive Oppenheimer explores rich geological, historical, archaeological and palaeoenvironmental records (such as ice cores and tree rings) to tell the stories behind some of the greatest volcanic events of the past quarter of a billion years.
Journey to the center of the earth
The Usborne encyclopedia of planet Earth
Krakatoa : the day the world exploded, August 27, 1883
The Usborne geography encyclopedia : with complete world atlas
An island on fire : the extraordinary story of Laki, the forgotten volcano that turned eighteenth-century Europe dark
Krakatoa : the day the world exploded, 27 August 1883
Volcanoes and history : proceedings of the 20th INHIGEO Symposium, Napoli-Eolie-Catania (Italy), 19-25 September 1995
Volcanos; : the character of their phenomena, their share in the structure and composition of the surface of the globe, and their relation to its internal forces, with a descriptive catalogue of all known volcanos and volcanic formations..
Earth on fire  : how volcanos shape our planet
Volcanoes : an introduction
Volcanoes : in history, in theory, in eruption
Volcano : Iceland's inferno and Earth's most active volcanoes
Memory boy : a novel
Submarine volcanism and mineralization : modern through ancient
Dante's peak : the inside story & educational guide
The South Italian volcanoes : being the account of an excursion to them made by English and other geologists in 1889 ..
Nearly a year after the eruption of the Yellowstone supervolcano, survival has become harder than ever and Alex and Darla must risk everything to try to create a community that can withstand the ongoing disaster.
Eruption! : the story of volcanoes
Volcanoes : a planetary perspective
Volcanoes and their activity
Eruptions that shook the world
The earth
The problem of Krakatao as seen by a botanist
Earthquakes : and other natural disasters
The secrets of Vesuvius : a Roman mystery
A mountain might be thousands of feet high, but it can still grow taller or shorter each year. This classic picture book explores how mountains are made—including how Mount Everest grew from a flat plain under an ocean to become 29,028 feet tall! This book features simple activities and fascinating cross-sections of the earth’s moving crust that clearly explain plate tectonics. Both text and artwork were vetted for accuracy by an expert in the field.
Living with a Volcano
Natural risk and civil protection
The year without summer : 1816 and the volcano that darkened the world and changed history
Journey to the centre of the Earth : the remarkable voyage of scientific discovery into the heart of our world
Foundations of earth science
Monitoring active volcanoes
Vulcan's fury : man against the volcano
Seismic activity related to the 1991 Hekla eruption, Iceland
Glaciers, ice sheets and volcanoes : a tribute to Mark F. Meier
Music of the earth : volcanoes, earthquakes and other geological wonders
Volcano! : The Icelandic eruption of 2010 and other hot, smoky, fierce, and fiery mountains
Mountains of fire : the nature of volcanoes
Geological hazards : earthquakes - tsunamis - volcanoes - avalanches - landslides - floods
Hekla on fire
Nature's masterpieces : The earth, its wonders, its secrets
Footprint reading library. Living with a Volcano
The eruptions of Hekla in historical times : a tephrochronological study
Unknown quantity
Earthquakes
Geological observations on the volcanic islands and parts of South Amerika visited during the voyage of H.M.S. "Beagle"
Natural disasters and how we cope
All about volcanoes : amazing explosion, earthquakes and eruptions
Ashen winter
Hot spots : America's volcanic landscape
