http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6552 direct investments
direct investments
Industry development  tools in Finnish and Latvian forest industries
OECD reviews of foreign direct investment. Switzerland
Intellectual property rights as foreign direct investments : from collision to collaboration
Multinational business : beyond government control?
Foreign direct investment and the environment : lessons from the mining sector
Policy competition for foreign direct investment : a study of competition among governments to attract FDI
The international operations of national firms : a study of direct foreign investment
Globalization, trade and foreign direct investment
Foreign direct investment : research issues
Foreign direct investment : OECD countries and dynamic economies of Asia and Latin America : [proceedings of the Informal Workshop on Foreign Direct Investment (FDI), held in Paris on 12-13 July 1993]
Foreign companies in Estonia : industrial environment and experiences
International investment instruments : a compendium. Vol. 3, Regional integration, bilateral and non-governmental instruments
Multilevel determinants of foreign direct investments entry mode strategies and subsidiary survival of multinationals in China : an analysis of Nordic firms
Summary (s. 4-5).
FDI from developing countries : a vector for trade and development
American business abroad : six lectures on direct investment
The performance of foreign affiliates in OECD countries
The role of foreign direct investment on economic growth in developing host countries
Institutional distance and foreign direct investment choices of multinational enterprises
Foreign direct investments
Foreign direct investment versus other flows to Latin America
Investment promotion through service modularisation
Capital flows and investment performance : lessons from Latin America
World investment report. 1999, Foreign direct investment and the challenge of development : overview
Attracting international investment for development
OECD reviews of foreign direct investment. Czech Republic
Managing business risks of finnish foreign direct investments to St. Petersburg
Investment promotion provisions in international investment agreements
Investment policy review : Mauritius
Foreign direct investment and the environment
Foreign activities of Swedish multinational corporations
The protection of national security in IIAs
A century of foreign investment in the Third World
Extending the second wing: the outward direct investment of Singapore
Foreign direct investments in India, focus on Finnish and Swedish joint ventures
International investment instruments : a compendium. Vol. 1, Multilateral instruments
Investor support pool
Foreign direct investment in a changing political environment : Finnish investment decisions in South Korea
Foreign direct investment's effects on host industry competition and productivity in the U.S. : the influence of initial host industry competition and foreign firm method of entry
OECD reviews of foreign direct investment : United States
Summary (s. 1-3).
Foreign direct investment in China
World investment report. 2004, The shift towards services
Strategy and tactics for the Doha round : capturing the benefits of foreign direct investment
Direct investment and European integration : competition among firms and governments
The new wave of foreign direct investment in Asia
Divestment of foreign production operations : the case of foreign direct investments from two Nordic Countries
Summary (s. 7-12).
Foreign direct investment location and host country institutions in Latin America
Survey of best practices in investment promotion
Foreign direct investment and economic development : lessons from six emerging economies
The role of a sub-national agency in promoting foreign direct investments
Transparency
Promoting foreign direct investment in Central and Eastern Europe and the CIS
OECD Investment policy reviews : Caribbean Rim : Costa Rica, Dominican Republic and Jamaica
Direct foreign investment in a non-competitive economy
Development of foreign direct investment in Finland
Tax incentives and foreign direct investment : a global survey
Handbook on outward investment agencies and institutions : United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
Foreign portfolio investment in emerging equity markets
Foreign direct investments : an organizational learning perspective
The attractiveness of Finland in the host-country screening of inward foreign direct investment : A case study
Foreign direct investment, deveolopment and corporate responsibility
OECD reviews of foreign direct investment. United States
Stakeholder network interaction in building a factory in Russia : Case: Sormat Rus
Foreign direct investments of Italian SMEs in Central and Eastern Europe: : case studies of textile firms experience
Stakeholder network interaction in building a factory in Russia : case Sormat Rus
OECD reviews of foreign direct investment : Finland
Investment policy review : Lesotho
Cost of capital for crossborder investment : the fallacy of Estonia as a tax haven
Marketing a country : promotion as a tool for attracting foreign investment
Foreign direct investment in Myanmar and Cambodia
Foreign direct and portfolio investments in transition countries
Foreign direct investment, clean development mechanism, and environmental management : a case of Sub-Saharan Africa
Determinants of the United States foreign direct investment to leading European countries
Foreign direct investment and environment in Central and Eastern Europe : a survey
When giants gonverge : the role of U.S.-Japan direct investment
Foreign direct investment behavior : an analysis of the determinants and motivations of Finnish direct manufacturing investment in Asian countries
Foreign direct investment, expropriation, and unionization
OECD reviews of foreign direct investment. Argentina
Impact of the 2006 M&A rules on structuring options of cross-border private mergers and acquisitions in the People's Republic of China
Abstract (1 s.).
Investment policies in Latin America and multilateral rules on investment
The choice of entry mode in the decision-making process of foreign direct investment : case: Sormat Group ́s investment to Russia
OECD reviews of foreign direct investment : Norway
Executive summary (s. 7-10).
OECD reviews of foreign direct investment. Lithuania
Foreign direct investment and recovery in Southeast Asia
Investor-state arbitration under fire : implications of Finland's bilateral investment treaties
Comparative study of national strategies and policies with regard to foreign direct investment in the ESCWA region
Foreign direct investment under exchange rate uncertainty
Institutional environment and Finnish foreign direct investments in Mexico
Motives and location factors of Chinese foreign direct investments in Finland and Sweden
Entry-mode choice between a wholly owned subsidiary or an equity joint venture by Japanese manufacturing entrants in North America
OECD reviews of foreign direct investment : Chile
Investing from a country risk perspective : case Indonesia
OECD reviews of foreign direct investment. Finland
Studies in international investment
Regional integration, FDI and competitiveness in Southern Africa
Determinants of establishment mode choice in Central Eastern Europe
Explaining and forecasting : regional flows of foreign direct investment
Direct investment in economies in transition
New horizons for foreign direct investment
Foreign direct investments : an empirical analysis of decision making in seven Finnish firms
OECD reviews of foreign direct investment. Hungary
Foreign direct investments in the Slovak Republic
International investment law : a changing landscape
Summary (s. 9-12).
Foreign direct investment in Latin America
Investment policy review : Ghana
OECD Investment policy reviews : Russian Federation : progress and reform challenges
OECD reviews of foreign direct investment : Italy
Incentives and foreign direct investment
Investment policy review : Nepal
