http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6553 Gregorian chant
Gregorian chant
Gregorian chants : christmas favourites
Masters of chant : X : the final chapter
Masters of chant chapter IV. 4
The Christmas story : told in chant, motets, dialogues & traditional folk carols
MASTER OF CHANT CHAPTER II
Gregorian and Old Roman eighth-mode tracts : a case study in the transmission of Western chant
Masters Of Chant Chapter III
Masters of chant. Chapter 2
Stiftsbibliothek Sankt Gallen : Codices 484 & 381. 1, Kommentar = Commentary
Masters of chant : chapter VI
Masters of chant : moments of peace in Ireland
Gregorian chants : love songs
Christmas chants : live in Berlin
Masters of chant. Chapter III
Gregorian chants : an illustrated history of religious chanting
Christmas chants & visions
Sing unto the Lord
The emergence of gregorian chant : a comparative study of Ambrosian, Roman, and Gregorian Chant. Vol. 1, A study of modes and melodies : Part Two, Transcriptions
A Celtic romance : the legend of Liadain and Curithir
Gregorian chant : a history of the controversy concerning its rhythm
Faith & Harmony : Gregorian choir chants pop classics
Masters of Chant
Masters of chant : Chapter V. 5, Chapter V.
Video anthology. Volume 1
Music of the middle ages I
The Norton recordings : to accompany The Norton scores and The enjoyment of music. 1, Gregorian chant to Beethoven
Gregorian Chants : Songs of Simon & Garfunkel
Angels : voices from eternity
Christmas chants live in Berlin
Gregorian chants for acoustic guitar
Masters of chant. Chapter 4
An introduction to Gregorian chant : Richard L. Crocker
Ave Maria : monastic chants in the Middle Ages
Live! : masters of chant : final chapter tour
Stiftsbibliothek Sankt Gallen : Codices 484 & 381. 2, Codex Sangallensis 484
Cantors : A collection of Gregorian chants
Gregorian chant and the Carolingians
Masters of chant : chapter V
Ages of evolution in art & music: The medieval era
Weihnachten durch die Jahrhunderte = Christmas throughout the centuries
Decadent enchantments : the revival of Gregorian chant at Solesmes
The gregorian missal : for Sundays
The emergence of gregorian chant : a comparative study of Ambrosian, Roman, and Gregorian Chant. Vol. 1, A study of modes and melodies : Part One, Discourse
Två hystorie för den heliga Birgitta = Two historie for St. Birgitta of Sweden
Masters of chant
Masters of chant. Chapter 5
Christmas chants
The restoration of Gregorian chant : Solesmes and the Vatican edition
The dark side
Masters of chant : chapter IV
The origin of fire : Music and visions of Hildegard von Bingen
Masters of chant : chapter VII
Masters of Chant. Chapter 4
Sarum chant
Chant : the origins, form, practice, and healing power of Gregorian chant
Masters of chant. Chapter 3
MASTERS OF CHANT
Plain song
La grande aventure du motet polyphonique = The Polyphonic motet from Ars Antiqua to the Renaissance
Symphonia : a critical edition of the Symphonia armonie celestium revelationum [Symphony of the harmony of celestial revelations]
MASTERS OF CHANT : CHAPTER II
MASTERS OF CHANT. 3, MASTER OF CHAN CHAPTER III
Gregorian chant and medieval music : proceedings from the Nordic Festival and Conference of Gregorian Chant Trondheim, St. Olavs wake 1997
The masterpieces : decade I.
Gregorian chant : songs of the spirit
Masters of chant 8
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
Vernacular Gregorian chant and Lutheran hymn-singing in Reformation-era Finland
Masters of chant : chapter V.
The masterpieces : decade 1
Masters Of Chant Chapter V
Gregorian chant experience
Gregorian Chants : Songs of Celine Dion
Stiftsbibliothek Sankt Gallen : Codices 484 & 381. 3, Codex Sangallensis 381
Studies in Gregorian chant
Gregorian masters of chant
