http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6551 swine
swine Sus scrofa domesticus domestic pig
1, 2, 3 with Peppa
Genome analysis of quantitative trait loci in the pig
Olivia helps with Christmas
Pigs : a handbook to the breeds of the world
Genetic parameters for growth traits in pigs estimated using third degree polynomial functions
Stress og det sociale miljøs betydining for brunst- og parringsforløb hos svin = The influence of stress and the social environment on oestrus and mating swine
Pot-bellied pigs and other miniature pet pigs
Nutrient requirements of swine
The fetal pig
Peppa meets the queen
The three pigs
The welfare of pigs
The biology of the pig
Portly Pig loves nothing more than being mucky! He sets off around the farm in search of a big muddy puddle, but what will he do when it starts to rain? Little fingers will just love pushing the big sound button to hear Portly's noisy oinking on every page.
Olivia cooks up a surprise
Swine disease manual
Ileal and total tract digestibility of barley and oats in pigs and predictions of nutritive value
The pig scrolls by Gryllus the Pig
Swine reproduction
Effect of chronic treatment with a GnRH agonist (Goserelin) on LH secretion and early pregnancy in gilts
Olivia forms a band
George's racing car
Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome (PRRS)
Forages for growing pigs : partition of digestion and nutritive value
Effects of ad libitum feeding in lactation and the timing of its introduction on sow performance
Forages for growing pigs : ileal digestibility and net absorption of amino acids
Physical mapping of important trait loci in the pig
Factors affecting secretion and surface display of heterologous proteins in Lactococcus lactis
Chill
Group-housing of lactating sows : effects on sow health, reproduction and litter performance
Lady Lollipop
The influence of raw grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) seeds on growth performance and biochemical and haematological parameters in the blood of grower-finisher pigs
Technological quality and composition of the M. semimembranosus and M. longissimus dorsi from Large White and Landrace Pigs
Public knowledge, perception and factors associated with 2009 h1n1 swine influenza vaccination : a literature review
Two cases of reciprocal translocations in domestic pigs producing small litters
Olivia : saves the circus
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
Performance, carcass quality, and gastric alterations in fattening pigs fed additives containing formic acid either coated with sorbate or mixed with lactic acid
The aim of the present study was to examine the influence of raw seeds of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) in feed mixtures for grower-finisher pigs on growth performance, and biochemical and haematological parameters in their blood, as well as on the weight of the liver and the kidney. The experiment was performed on 96 grower-finisher pigs of (Polish Landrace × Polish Large White) × Pietrain, weighing from 25 to ca. 100 kg. The pigs were divided into four diet groups. The feed compound of the control group contained extracted soybean meal. In experimental groups soybean meal protein was replaced by raw grass pea seeds in quantities of 50% in grower and/or finisher diet, and 100% in both fattening period. The use of raw grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feeds in finisher diet did not result in lower growth performance in comparison to the control group. However, the fatteners fed grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feedstuffs in both fattening periods revealed the highest feed and energy intake per kg of live weight gain, compared to the group feed grass pea only in the second phase of the fattening period. A higher share of grass pea seeds in the mixture led to weaker growth performance and carcass characteristics. Hypertrophy of kidney and liver was noted in the animals which were fed with raw seeds of grass pea amounting to 100% of protein feeds. Also, hyperactivity of ALAT, ASAT and alkaline phosphatase was observed in the animals' serum. No negative influence of applying raw seeds of grass pea amounting up to 50% of protein feeds in grower and/or finisher periods on the parameters examined was noted.
I will not wear pink
Seasonal and management effects on feritility of the sow
The seriously extraordinary diary of Pig
Feeding affects reproducctive performance and reproductive endocrinology in the gilt and sow
The neonatal pig : development and survival
Genetic evaluation of pigs and missing data : effects of culling before testing and prospects for adjustment
Practical pig nutrition
Genetics of sow efficiency in the Finnish landrace and large white populations
Outdoor pig production
The effects of pig breed (Large White and Landrace) in combination with muscle type (M. semimembranosus and M. longissimus dorsi) on T45min, T24h, pH45min, pH24h, colour (CIEL*a*b* values), water-holding capacity (filter paper press method: ratio of the area of pressed meat film - M and the wet area on the filter paper - T; M/T value) and moisture, protein, total fat and total ash content were investigated. Interaction effect between breed and muscle was not found (p>0.05) for any parameter. The T45min, T24h, pH45min, and M/T value were influenced by the muscle, whereas T24h was also influenced by the breed. The pH45min was higher (p<0.01) and water-holding capacity was better (p<0.001) in M. semimembranosus muscle than in M. longissimus dorsi muscle. Based on the criteria for CIEL* and M/T values, pork meat was classified into seven technological quality classes. The percentages of pale and exudative, reddish-pink and exudative, and reddish-pink and non-exudative pork were 23.5, 26.5, and 27.7%, respectively. Composition was in the characteristic range for modern lean pigs.
The production and marketing of pigs
All pigs are beautiful
Effects of variety, soil type and nitrogen fertilizer supply on the nutritive value of barley for growing pigs
Olivia and the fairy princesses
Angry birds trilogy : Xbox 360
The anatomy of the porcine genome
The super amazing adventures of me, Pig
Olivia : ... and the missing toy
Wibbly Pig likes pictures
Unbelievable top-secret diary of Pig
The pig as a laboratory animal
Peppa and the big train
Alice's birthday pig
The health of pigs
The connection between on-farm assessed welfare (A-index) and production parameters of the sows
The sow : improving her efficiency
Beautiful pigs : portraits of fine breeds
Swine practice
Objective of the study was to compare the composition and nutritional value of a winter brown- (BRC) and three yellow-seeded (YRC) cold-pressed rapeseed cakes as the components of pigs' diets, and to assess their effects on colonic bacterial fermentation and the relative weight of organs. In experiment 1, the standardised ileal digestibility (SID) of protein and amino acids (AA) of cakes was determined in 12 male cannulated pigs. Each diet was fed to six pigs during three seven-day periods. Ileal digesta was collected during the last three days of the period. In experiment 2, five groups each containing six female pigs with initial body weights (BW) of 20 kg were fed on diets containing BRC, YRC, or soyabean oil meal (SBM) as the main protein source. The apparent total tract digestibility (ATTD) of nutrients and growth performance were measured untill 60 kg BW was reached, and short chain fatty acids (SCFA) concentrations in the colon, as well as the weight of the liver, kidney, heart, and thyroid, were recorded. The main differences between BRC and YRC were found in higher content of fat and protein, lower amounts of fibre and glucosinolates (Gls), and higher ATTD of fibre in YRC. Protein and AA SID, ATTD of nutrients, total SCFA colonic concentration, and growth performance did not significantly differ. The chemical composition of the three YRC was not uniform, the greatest differences were found among the amounts of Gls. The relative weights of the thyroid and heart were greater in pigs fed BRC than in YRC and SBM diets. Thyroid weight was positively correlated with dietary progoitrin, alkenyl Gls, and total Gls, whereas heart weight was positively correlated with progoitrin and alkenyl Gls. It was concluded that winter yellow-seeded rapeseed is a better raw material for cold-pressing than brown-seeded due to having lower Gls and fibre content.
A colour atlas of diseases and disorders of the pig
Florentine and pig : and the lost pirate treasure
Sedric and the great pig rescue
Phosphorus utilization responses of growing-finishing pigs to microbial and wheat phytase on barley based diets
An overview of the Finnish pork industry
A practical guide to the feeding of organic farm animals : pigs, poultry, cattle, sheep and goats
The nutrient requirements of farm livestock. 3, Pigs : summaries of estimated requirements
The nutrient requirements of pigs : Technical review by an agricultural research council working party
Studies on the aetiology and pathogenesis of white spots in the liver of pigs
Peppa's first pet
Peppa Pig hide-and-seek : a search and find book
Forage can potentially be food resource for pig feeding in the tropics. The palatability of silages by pigs may be better than that of fresh forage. Foliage silage contains more dry matter than green forage and has a pleasant smell. Thirty commercial pigs (47.0 ± 4.7 kg live weight LW), were used to assess the silage intake capacity of pigs when feeding the legumes Clitoria ternatea, Centrosema brasilianum, Cratylia argentea and the Brachiaria grass hybrid Mulato II. The silages were offered ad libitum as a supplement to a normal balanced diet based on maize and soy bean meal. A crossover design was applied comprising five treatments, Control and the four silage supplements respectively. Daily consumption of dry matter -expressed in g of DMkg-1 metabolic LW- were similar (p>0.05) for diets containing C. argentea, C. ternatea and the Control. Daily consumption of C. brasilianum and Brachiaria was significantly lower (p<0.001). In conclusion, C. argentea and C. ternatea silages have the potential to serve as feed supplement in pig diets.
Pig ailments : Recognition & treatment
Boar semen preservation 3 : proceedings of the Third Conference on Boar Semen Preservation held at Mariensee, Germany, August 1995
Peppa loves Christmas
Olivia and the school carnival
Composition and cross-sectional area of muscle fibre types in relation to daily gain and lean and fat content of carcass in Landrace and Yorkshire pigs
Nontraditional feed sources for use in swine production
PYG : the memoirs of a learned pig
Reproductive performance of purebred Swedish Landrace and Swedish Yorkshire gilts and sows : a retrospective study with special reference to age at first mating, season, parity and weaning-to-first-service interval
Recent developments in sequencing methods have enabled whole genome sequencing of several species and the available sequence information has allowed the development of high throughput genotyping chips. However, these genotyping methods require high quality DNA. The possibility to genotype samples based on DNA from non-invasive sources would permit retrospective genotyping of previously collected samples and also facilitate the analysis of large populations e.g. for genomic selection. In this study we have developed and evaluated different DNA preparation methods from porcine hair root follicles for high throughput genotyping with the PorcineSNP60 Genotyping BeadChip (Illumina). We describe a method for DNA extraction from porcine hair root samples, which produces results from high throughput genotyping with the same high degree of accuracy as previously reported for DNA extracted from sperm, blood or tissue samples. This method was used for the genotyping of 273 hair follicle samples. When the DNA concentration was > 30 ng/µl all samples had the same high call rate ( > 99%) as sperm samples confirming the robustness of this DNA extraction method for high throughput genotyping. Our data also establishes the suitability of the PorcineSNP60 BeadChip for genotyping the Finnish Landrace population.
Churchill's tale of tails
Sperm distribution in the porcine oviduct in relation to spontaneous ovulation and stress
Animal diseases that are known to spread primarily through human activities can be prevented and controlled through the application of biosecurity measures along the production and marketing chain, together with increased awareness and education. With this document, FAO, OIE and the World Bank aim to provide applied biosecurity recommendations to all pork production stakeholders in the numerous pig farming systems worldwide, particularly in developing and transition countries. Pig farmers are the main intended beneficiaries of the paper, but it is also of use to veterinary and technical service providers who are in a position to deliver and implement the proposed measures, to decision-makers in government and to project managers in agricultural development.--Publisher's description.
The virtuous pig : it's evolution
Sow reproductive performance in Thailand : effects of climate, breed, parity, lactation length, weight loss during lactation and weaning-to-service interval
Efficient livestock handling : the practical application of animal welfare and behavioral science
Apparent ileal amino acid digestibility and the nutritive value of the triticale cultivars Moreno and Ulrika for growing-finishing pigs
Effects of expanding on the nutritive value of wheat bran in pig diets
The illustrated guide to pigs : how to choose them - how to keep them
George Catches A Cold
Desert rose and her highfalutin hog
Improving health and welfare of pigs : a handbook for organic pig farmers
The story of Prince George
Nutritional value of yellow-seeded winter rapeseed cakes for growing pigs
Slow down, George!
Lysine supplementation of barley wet distillers' solids diets for growing-finishing pigs
Swine health : common diseases affecting baby pigs
Legume seeds and rapeseed press cake as substitutes for soybean meal in sow and piglet feed
The nutrient requirements of farm livestock. 3, Pigs : technical reviews and summaries
The foraging pig : resource utilisation, interaction, performance and behaviour of pigs in cropping systems
Effect of dietary crude protein and energy content on nitrogen utilisation, water intake and urinary output in growing pigs
There's a pig up my nose!
Pigs can't fly!
Good practices for biosecurity in the pig sector : issues and options in developing and transition countries
Experimental study of acute pancreatitis in a porcine model, especially tight junction structure and portal vein cytokines
The possibility of replacing soybean meal with mixtures of rapeseed press cake (RPC) and legume seeds in sow and piglet diets was evaluated in an experiment on 30 sows and their progeny. Group I (control) received standard feed mixture containing soybean meal as the main protein source, group II - RPC mixed with fodder pea, group III - field bean, group IV - blue lupine, group V - yellow lupine. Weaned piglets received mixtures containing RPC and legume mixtures. Considerable differences were found in amino acid composition of proteins. Differences in the apparent digestibility of essential nutrients were statistically insignificant. Sows fed with field bean and yellow lupine gave birth to heaviest piglets. After weaning piglets receiving field bean were characterized by the best weight gains. It is concluded that mixing rapeseed cake with legume seeds allows for the complete replacement of soybean meal in sow diets and for partial replacement in piglet diets.
Swine nutrition
Pharmacology of ketoprofen administered orally to pigs : an experimental and clinical study
Portly Pig
Kuka keksi aamun? : sikologiaa : piggylogy = Who invented the morning?
Embryology of the pig
Wo shu zhu = I was born in the year of the pig
If you give a pig a pancake
Feeding weaned piglets and growing-finishing pigs with diets based on mainly home-grown organic feedstuffs
Impaired spermatogenesis in Finnish boars and bulls
The use of pork from rustic pig breeds was tested to improve the quality of dry-cured fermented sausages. The quality of a salchichon/salami-type sausage manufactured with pork from Chato Murciano breed (CM) and Early White pig (EW) (Large White x Landrace breed) was compared. CM pork improved several quality characteristics of dry-cured fermented sausage. Significant (p . 0.05) differences between mean CM and EW values were found for total lipids, ash, collagen, water activity, total acidity, CIELab colour, proteolysis, fat acidity, fatty acid profile, total viable counts, lactic acid bacteria, Micrococacceae, moulds and yeasts, colour, odour, flavour, fattiness and acceptance. CM mainly intensified the reddening of sausage cuts and increased monounsaturated acids in fat. Acceptance was also better for CM, although odour and flavour were only slightly improved. The production of high-quality specialities of dry-cured meat products can contribute to the sustainable production of CM and similar rustic pig breeds, maintaining the genetic diversity of pig species.
Olaf the Viking and the pig who would be king
Efficiency of microbial phytases on phosphorus utilization in growing-finishing pigs
Improving the quality of dry-cured sausages using pork from rustic breeds
Freddy and the pig
The pig in a wig
ABC with Peppa
Wibbly Pig likes to have fun
Pirates don't take baths
Olivia the magnificent : a lift-the-flap story
Love from Luisa
Pictorial anatomy of the fetal pig
Tickly Christmas, Wibbly Pig!
Swine nutrition guide
Florentine and Pig have a very lovely picnic
Mastitis in sows : clinical, bacteriological and cytological examinations in assessing udder health during early lactation and at weaning
The voluntary intake in growing pigs of four ensiled forage species
Witch pigs
Reproductive performance and oestrous symptoms in primiparous sows
Altered secretion of LH does not explain seasonal effects on early pregnancy in gilts
Group-housing of lactating sows : studies on health, behaviour and nest temperature
Characteristics of seasonal infertility of the sow in Finland
Influence of inorganic Se + vitamin E and organic Se + vitamin E on reproductive performance of young boars
Composition, ileal amino acid digestibility and nutritive value of organically grown legume seeds and conventional rapeseed cakes for pigs
Individual behavioural characteristics in pigs and their consequences for pig husbandry
The complete tales
Six perfectly different pigs
Pigs : the homoeopathic approach to the treatment and prevention of diseases
Comparison of different DNA extraction methods from hair root follicles to genotype Finnish Landrace boars with the Illumina PorcineSNP60 BeadChip
The higgledy piggledy pigs
Effects of feed processing on the apparent ileal digestibility of amino acids in pig diets containing wheat bran or wheat middlings
The fire engine
Tables of composition and nutritional values of organically produced feed materials for pigs and poultry
Effect of supplemental vitamin E on the performance of growing-finishing pigs fed stored versus freshly harvested barley and on the storage stability and eating quality of frozen pork
Factors effecting reproduction in the pig : seasonal effects and restricted feeding of the pregnant gilt and sow
Apparent ileal digestibility of amino acids in wet wheat protein and soya bean meal for growing pigs
Activities of angiotensin-converting enzymes (ACE1, ACE2) and inhibition by bioactive lactotripeptides (IPP, VPP, LPP) in porcine ocular tissues
A medal for Poppy : the pluckiest pig in the world
Utilisation of reactive lysine from meat and bone meals of different ash content by growing-finishing pigs
Diseases of swine
Don't lose Pigley, Wibbly Pig!
Molecular and biological aspects of porcine rubulavirus (LPMV) lytic and persistent infections
Faba beans in diets for growing-finishing pigs
Miss Chicken and the hungry neighbour
