http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6562 state of war
state of war
Commission on Human Rights, Sub-Commission of Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities, forty-eighth session : provisional agenda. Item 15, Contemporary forms of slavery : preliminary report of the special rapporteur on the situation of systematic rape, sexual slavery and slavery-like practices during periods of armed conflict
Chechnya : life in a war-torn society
Wars, guns and votes : democracy in dangerous places
Declaration of minimum humanitarian standards of 2 December 1990 : including an introduction and the Oslo statement on norms and procedures in times of public emergency or internal violence of 17 June 1987.
The Fruits of work and struggle
Nurses' experiences in war and disaster : lessons learned and needs identified
Shame and the captives
Rape in armed conflict : International criminal prohibitions and their enforcement
Crimes against women
Emergency regimes : a comparison
War and archaeology in Britain : the excavation of ancient sites and preservation of historic buildings
People, states, and fear : the national security problem in international relations
The protection of cultural property in the event of armed conflict : commentary on the Convention for the protection of cultural property in the event of armed conflict and its protocol, signed on 14 May 1954 in the Hague, and on other instruments of international law concerning such protection
"This book investigates architecture as a form of diplomacy in the context of the Second World War at six major European international and national expositions that took place between 1937 and 1959"-- Back cover.
One red shoe
Before World War I, the British Admiralty conceived a plan to win rapid victory over Germany--economic warfare on an unprecedented scale. The secret strategy called for the state to exploit Britain's monopolies in banking, communications, and shipping to create an implosion of the world economic system. The plan was never fully implemented.
States in armed conflict 2004
Violence and law in the modern age
Educating children in conflict zones : research, policy, and practice for systemic change : a tribute to Jackie Kirk
The city besieged : siege and its manifestations in the ancient Near East
Informing Congress : the role of the executive in times of war
Hungarian economy and society during World War II
To Afghanistan and back : a graphic travelogue
The state, war, and the state of war
"Taiwan since martial law epitomizes the reinvigoration of cultural pluralism, which characterizes the dynamic processes of democratized Taiwan. With the lifting of martial law in 1987, people have awakened to their respective cultural identities and contributed to a sociopolitical renaissance strengthening the island's sense of national destiny and commitment to self-determination. Nineteen chapters highlight Taiwan's social and cultural diversity and the complexities of its politics and economy. The preface by Bo Tedards depicts the avenues of Taiwan's democratization with his 'trajectories' of political alternatives. The opening chapter by the editor David Blundell traces his personal experiences during the martial law transition and his reflections on an emerging Taiwan "sense of place." Pro-democracy activists organized to demand free elections, human rights, respect for local heritages, and environmental sustainability." --Provided by publisher.
Crime and control in Scandinavia during the Second World War
The next war
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
What's wrong with America? : how the rich and powerful have changed America and now want to change the world
The fall of Baghdad
The law of non-international armed conflict : protocol II to the Geneva conventions
A companion to World War II
Implementing humanitarian law applicable in armed conflicts : the case of Finland
War games : the story of aid and war in modern times
Poland : the lifting of marital law - an illusion of progress
Shadows of war : violence, power, and international profiteering in the twenty-first century
Iron council
Surrender, occupation, and private property in international law : an evaluation of US practice in Japan
International law opinions : Selected and annotated. Volume 3, War and neutrality
The laws of armed conflicts : a collection of conventions, resolutions and other documents
International humanitarian assistance : disaster relief actions in international law and organization
Revolution and counterrevolution in Poland, 1980-1989 : Solidarity, martial law, and the end of communism in Europe
Alexandra Stiglmayer interviewed survivors of the continuing war in Bosnia-Herzegovina in order to reveal, to a seemingly deaf world, the horrors of the ongoing war in the former Yugoslavia. The women - primarily of Muslim but also of Croatian and Serbian origin - have endured the atrocities of rape and the loss of loved ones. Their testimony, published in the 1993 German edition, is bare, direct, and its cumulative effect overwhelming. The first English edition contains Stiglmayer's updates to her own two essays, one detailing the historical context of the current conflict and the other presenting the core of the book, interviews with some twenty victims of rape as well as interviews with three Serbian perpetrators. Essays investi-gating mass rape and war from ethnopsychological, sociological, cultural, and medical perspectives are included.
Childhood under conflict : the attitudes and emotional life of Israeli and Palestinian children
Post-communist historians on Ion Antonescu and his authoritarian regime in Romania 1940-1944
Protection of cultural property in the event of armed conflict - a challenge in peace support operations
Emergency powers
Protection of cultural property in the event of armed conflict
Problems of the classification of wars
The United States, Western Europe and the Polish crisis : international relations in the second cold war
The welcome home garden club
Information as an instrument for protection against war damages to the cultural heritage : report from a seminar, June 1994
Planning Armageddon : British economic warfare and the First World War
Moving mountains : lessons in leadership and logistics from the Gulf War
The wages of destruction : the making and breaking of the Nazi economy
Women at war
Mass rape : the war against women in Bosnia-Herzegovina
A game for swallows : to die, to leave, to return
A slant of light : a novel
Gaza in crisis : reflections on Israel's war against the Palestinians
The balloonist
Disease, war, and the imperial state : the welfare of the British armed forces during the Seven Years' War
Hot spots and dodgy places : travels through North Korea, Sudan and distant lands
The death of little 'VedadH' in Sarajevo : a case study of semeiotical canons in the textual interpretation
International humanitarian law of armed conflict : some aspects of the principle of distinction and related problems
Washington rules : America's path to permanent war
A stunning story of love, betrayal, and family, set against the backdrop of a changing Taiwan over the course of the twentieth century. February 28, 1947: Trapped inside the family home amid an uprising that has rocked Taipei, Dr. Tsai delivers his youngest daughter, the unnamed narrator of Green Island, just after midnight as the city is plunged into martial law. In the following weeks, as the Chinese Nationalists act to crush the opposition, Dr. Tsai becomes one of the many thousands of people dragged away from their families and thrown into prison. His return, after more than a decade, is marked by alienation from his loved ones and paranoia among his communityconflicts that loom over the growing bond he forms with his youngest daughter. Years later, this troubled past follows her to the United States, where, as a mother and a wife, she too is forced to decide between what is right and what might save her familythe same choice she witnessed her father make many years before. As the novel sweeps across six decades and two continents, the life of the narrator shadows the course of Taiwans history from the end of Japanese colonial rule to the decades under martial law and, finally, to Taiwans transformation into a democracy. But, above all, Green Island is a lush and lyrical story of a family and a nation grappling with the nuances of complicity and survival, raising the question: how far would you be willing to go for the ones you love? From the Hardcover edition.
States in armed conflict 2006
The judiciary and politics in Pakistan : (a study)
The right to refuse military orders
Rust : Visitor in the field
How I live now
Kotirintaman naiset. kausi 2 / ceated by Roland Moore
More than sorrow : a mystery
The thought war : Japanese imperial propaganda
Parliamentary oversight of the exceptional situations in a presidential system : debating the reassertion of the constitutional powers of the US Congress
Emergency legislation in Finland
The care and management of lies
The status of coastal and marine habitats two years after the Gulf War oil spill
Taiwan since martial law : society, culture, politics, economy
Late-life functional capacity and health among Finnish war veterans : Veteran Project 1992 and 2004 surveys
A companion to World War II. Volume 2
Poland under martial law : a report on human rights by the Polish Helsinki Watch Committee
Rape in armed conflict : international criminal prohibitions and their enforcement
An act of love
The law of armed conflict : constraints on the contemporary use of military force
The culture of time and space 1880-1918
Architecture of great expositions 1937-1959 : messages of peace, images of war
It is uncalled-for a university teacher to instigate hatred between peoples
