http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6564 challenges
challenges
Sixteen-year-old Mackie Doyle knows that he replaced a human child when he was just an infant, and when a friend's sister disappears he goes against his family's and town's deliberate denial of the problem to confront the beings that dwell under the town, tampering with human lives. – WorldCat.
On the last island on Erthe, Chosen Ones are destined to enter Ariadnis on the day they turn eighteen. There, they must undertake a mysterious and deadly challenge. For Joomia and Aula, this means competing against each other, to end the war that has seethed between their cities for nine generations. As the day draws nearer, all thoughts are on the trial ahead. There's no space for friendship. No time for love. However much the girls might crave them.
The managerial challenges in sickness absence management :  Experiences from a retail organisation
Socio-economic Challenges in the Mining Industry : four Cases from the Barents Region
Improving the development of social enterprise in Vietnam
Septuagint vocabulary : pre-history, usage, reception
Prototyping tangible gribs for web contents : field study challenges in domestic context
Modern management : concepts and skills
Networking of some middle school principals in Shanghai, China
Cross-cultural challenges to expatriates in Finland
North pole : Camouflage
The courage to hope : a challenge for churches in Africa
Our societies are ageing. The Family is changing. Labour force behaviour is evolving. How is the organisation of family and collective solidarity adapting in this context of longer life spans, low fertility, and work that is simultaneously scarce and abundant? The welfare states are currently facing three main challenges: ensure satisfactory living conditions for the elderly without increasing the cost burden on the active population, reduce social inequality, and maintain equity between successive generations. In this book, researchers from different countries compare their experiences and offer contrasting views on the future of social protection. They consider the theoretical aspects of the intergenerational debate, relations between generations within the family, the living standards of elderly people, and the question of social time.
Intercultural communication from managerial perspective : challenges and ways to overcome them
Chinese nationwide system and competitive sport : challenges for the post-2008 olympics era
The first two years : problems of small firm growth and survival
Expecting the unexpected : experiences of leadership challenges in crisis management
Victorious and vulnerable : why democracy won in the 20th century and how it is still imperiled
The book Asian Public Theology is inspired by the vision that the response to the multifarious problems facing this continent needs a reflection in public along with many partners; it may not be responded to by conventional or dominant theologies pursued within narrow confines. This book takes up issues of public concern in Asia, examines them with the help of many disciplines and reflects on them in the light of the humanistic vision and values of Christian message. It is a theology that is open to all religious traditions and secular ideologies which are also challenged by the critical issues of this continent. At a time when more and more people are drawn into the null spaces of social insensitivity and seduced by the glitz and glamour of globalisation and its consumerism, public theology as a critical intervention, takes on a prophetic character. Asian Public Theology acknowledges the agency of the subalterns, affirms their ethical sense, inspires courage and evokes hope in them to build a different Asia. This book also discusses the human and ethical responsibility of all to take up the cause of the marginalised.
Waiting for reform under Putin and Medvedev
Work orientation and follow-up : Case company ABC Vaasa
A parent's guide to high-functioning autism spectrum disorder : how to meet the challenges and help your child thrive
The bucket list to mend a broken heart
Emotional and ethical challenges for field research in Africa : the story behind the findings
Outsourcing challenges in Russia
Challenges to the power of Zeus in early Greek poetry
Love in the time of contempt : consolations for parents of teenagers
Internationalization challenges of Ethiopian SMEs
The well-tempered city : what modern science, ancient civilizations, and human nature teach us about the future of urban life
The Internationalisation Process of Ostrobothnian SMEs through an Export Network
Higher education at a time of transformation : new dynamics for social responsibility
The sage handbook of tourism studies
Product portfolio management over horizontal and vertical portfolios
The ethical challenges of the soldier : the French experience
From boomers to Bloggers: a practical guide for leaders of multi-generational teams
The replacement
The outcasts
Female enterprise development : a case study of  graduate women in Nairobi
Global software engineering : challenges and solutions framework
Mission-shaped and rural : growing churches in the countryside
Managing international growth : challenges for the subcontractors in the Finnish metal and engineering industry
Challenge and change for the early years workforce : working with children from birth to 8
Effecting change in large organizations
Asian public theology : critical concerns in challenging times
Challenges of tour operators : case: Dar-es-Salaam, Tanzania
Good customer service is vital for small tourism businesses. Customer service should aim at providing customers satisfying experiences, as satisfied customers are likely to associate with the company in the future; they are the foundation of all business. Small tourism businesses have a benefit over the large ones, as it is easier for smaller companies to respond to the individual clients' and varying customer groups' wishes and demands than it is for larger companies.    Challenging customer service situations are met in all industries. There is some general guidance on how to deal with these situations; listening, asking defining questions and showing concern towards the customer. The use of body language and reading the silent messages that the customer is giving out are also important. Good customer service person will already have excellent social skills, but these skills can also be learned or gained through work or training. No customer should leave the business dissatisfied; even if the customer is acting threateningly or is wrong.    The assignment for the thesis was set by the Tourism Team group, which operates under the Rural Police Committee. Eight small tourism businesses in Oulu area took part in the study that was conducted by themed interviews. The study findings mostly agree with the theory; this was not surprising as challenging customer service situations are a fairly widely studied topic in customer service literature.    As a result of the study, 10 cases of challenging customer service situations in small tourism businesses were produced; they will be used at the Service with a heart -trainings, which are run by the Tourism Theme group.
Vital environmental challenges and environmental policy in Helsinki
International Graduates Journey to Finnish Job Market : The Challenges International Graduates Face In Finnish Job Market
Novice language teachers : insights and perspectives for the first year
The learning challenge : dealing with technology, innovation and change in learning and development
Social and emotional challenges encountered in the beginning of school
Expanding mariculture farther offshore : technical, environmental, spatial and governance challenges : FAO Technical Workshop, 22-25 March 2010 Orbetello, Italy
Challenges in entering Vietnamese market for companies in the sharing economy
Community development : local and global challenges
Learning in the global classroom ; a guide for students in the multicultural university
The current state and challenges of vocational education and training in Finland
Digitization of the communication and its implications for marketing
Fifty years of comparative education
Access and expansion post-massification : opportunities and barriers to further growth in higher education participation
Management challenges of hybrid organizations
The global textile and clothing industry : technological advances and future challenges
Penguins on ice
Challenges in intelligence analysis : lessons from 1300 BCE to the present
Trends shaping education
Logistics strategy,trends and challenges in the western regions of china
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Urban and Peri-Urban Horticulture in the Century of Cities : Lessons, Challenges, Opportunities : Dakar, Senegal, December 6-9, 2010
Dash and Lily's book of dares
Challenges of an LCA based decision making framework : the case of EU sustainability criteria for biofuels
Challenging customer service situations in small tourism businesses in Northern Finland
Benefits and challenges of enterprise resource planning for Pakistani SMEs
Meaning at work
Fruit products for profit
The future of the post-massified university at the crossroads : restructuring systems and functions
Ages, generations and the social contract : the demographic challenges facing the welfare state
Protection of assets : information security
Inclusive religious education : international perspectives
HIV prevention: a global theological conversation
Responding to challenges for European universities : implementing changes in institutional and disciplinary co-operation : report
Challenges affecting the tourism industry in Pakistan : case study: Faisalabad Serena Hotel
Project closure activities and challenges : a case study
This edited collection was produced to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the journal Comparative Education, one of the most established and prestigious journals in the field. Each chapter was written by a leading scholar of comparative and international education. The collection marks a creative and critical engagement with some of the most important topics in contemporary comparative education, including 'big data', pedagogy, adult education, scholarly mobility, and gender. The theme of 'silences' connects the papers: while comparative education covers the breadth and depth of educational concerns, it has its own obsessions, but which themes do not receive the attention they deserve? This book will be of interest to anyone interested in the theory, method and practice of comparative education today or in its development over the past 50 years. It will be informative to all scholars and graduate students concerned with education in its global contexts. In addition, to those readers who situate themselves within the field of comparative and international education, it offers a unique perspective on this important area of inquiry and the activities, preoccupations, absences and communities within it. This book was originally published as a special issue of Comparative Education.
Re-establishing traditional Czech family businesses : a multiple case study on the present challenges
The unofficial guide to adoptive parenting : the small stuff, the big stuff and the stuff in between
The future of Finnish higher education challenged by global competitive horizons
What are the biggest cultural factor-related challenges for Finnish SMEs while doing business with the Chinese?  : case: real voice from three businessmen
The role of art and craft in Namibian primary schools
Agriculture and rural areas approaching the twenty-first century : challenges for agricultural economics
Logistics strategy : trends and challenges in the western region of china
Proceedings of the XXVIII International Horticultural Congress on Science and Horticulture for People : colloquia and overview : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Business and sustainability
Saving energy to protect the nature, but monitoring to reduce the bill : experiences from Adjutantti
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to find out what challenges Finns face in adaptation to working life in Turkey. The objective of the thesis was to understand Turkish and Finnish cultures and by comparing them to find out possible challenges that a Finnish employee might face in Turkish working environment.  The theoretical section of this thesis includes a comparison of various cultural features according to Hofstede's dimensions and a comparison of Finland's and Turkey's working cultures according to Lewis' model. The information for the theoretical part was mostly based on literature of expatrium process and on cultural studies of Finland and Turkey. By utilizing these theories, the empirical part deals with practical examples that are based on the experiences of ten Finns who have moved to Turkey. In the theoretical part differences in hierarchical, collectivistic and in concept of time issues were found, which can be seen in the Finns' experienced challenges of adaptation. In Turkish and Finnish working life the approach is similar, but Finland's and Turkey's working cultures appreciate partly different features in subordinates.  The empirical part focuses on Finnish interviewees' experiences in Turkish working life. The purpose was to find out the challenges Finns have faced by comparing cultures and working life of these two countries. The empirical part is handled closely with the theoretical parts of this thesis so that they can easily be compared. Information for the empirical section was gathered through ten interviews of Finns who have several years of experience in working and living in Turkey. The interviewees confirmed that Turkish language, bureaucracy and a different concept of time were the most challenging aspects for a Finn in Turkish working environment. The interviewees told that their own attitude and understanding of the cultural differences helped them in the adaptation process. The conclusion part deals with the main themes of this research and presents some recommendations on studying the culture, familiarizing with local ideology, and learning the basics of the language.
Studies of Unmanned Aircraft Systems from the Perspective of Operational Use
Development and functioning of fiscal frameworks in the Central and Eastern European countries
Religious education in a world of religious diversity
"The landscape of workplace learning is transforming. Organizations today understand that formal training is not always the best solution in the fast changing world of innovation and new technology. The rise of social and informal learning, gamification of training, dealing with big data and creating value within the supply chain are just some challenges L&D professionals face in their work today.The Learning Challenge helps practitioners make sense of the latest developments in this area and their impact on the learning function in their organization. With the help of case studies and interviews from a range of high profile practitioners, the author defines the role of the new learning leader and illuminates the practical implications for creating and implementing a learning strategy for the 21st century"--
Challenges and trends in comparative higher education: an editorial
Finnish cleantech SMEs in China : challenges and solutions
Teachers responding to religious diversity in Europe : researching biography and pedagogy
2012 State of the future
Leadership challenges in multicultural project groups : experiences of Finnish project managers
Public management in the postmodern era : challenges and prospects
Education Reform in Societies in Transition : International Perspectives
Framed against the background of educational change, this book proposes to examine the relationship between curriculum change, teacher professional development, policy reform and the processes of educational change. The main aims of the book are to: . Focus on educational changes and reconstruction in transitional societies that have undergone political, economic and social change in the past two decades . Provide a forum for the dissemination of research on education reconstruction and reform in transitional societies . Disseminate ideas that enhance both the practical and theoretical aspects of educational changes in these societies . Further knowledge and understanding of emerging trends and issues in education in these societies . Reflect the realities of educational scenarios in each transitional society. The book presents an in-depth exploration of educational reconstruction in 15 transitional societies. In each chapter, the authors have provided an overview of educational processes in the country, a distillation of education change or reform, and/or reconstruction in each transitional society. Collectively, the chapters in the book have attempted to contribute to a better understanding of the educational system in respective countries by identifying the challenges and obstacles, the policy implications, the teacher professional development needs and curriculum reform efforts.
The challenges of Iranian small and medium-sized enterprises through process of internationalization
Teachers' perspectives on the changes and challenges in teaching English in Finland
Key challenges of new and small virtual team
Retail supply chain : challenges and prospects
Upstaged : making theatre in the media age
Challenges of adaptation to to working life in Turkey : the Finnish perspective
Community disaster recovery and resiliency : exploring global opportunities and challenges
Agriculture in Middle East : challenges & possibilities
Societal challenges and geoinformatics
The need for digestibility in the pharmaceutical field
Transportation development & challenges in Nepal : a case study of air transportation security
Benefits and challenges of virtual teams
Drivers, challenges and support needs of a start-up company
Adapting E-invoicing: Benefits, Challenges and Future Strategies to Overcome Challenges : A comparative case study of Finnish Companies
Customer communication in distributed agile software development
Russian SME technology transfer to Finland : entrepreneurial challenges and motivation
Men at work
Challenges, values and vision : (the university of the XXI century)
New thinking on leadership : a global perspective
Globalization : debunking the myths
The adaptation process and challenges of education export
Traffic control airport : the transparent game
Communication for development : meeting today's agriculture and rural development challenges : final repor, Rome, Italy 14-16 September 2011.
Soul Sisters : devotions for and from African American, Latina and Asian women
The Afghanistan challenge : hard realities and strategic choices
Implementation of e-banking in Vietnam : motivations and challenges - case Company A
Challenges for virtual teams in voluntary organizations
Challenges and successes in multicultural corporate communication
