http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6563 rich people
rich people
The new few or A very British oligarchy
In 2012, Brazilian tycoon Eike Batista was the eighth richest man in the world, his $30bn fortune built on Brazil's incredible natural resources. By the middle of 2013 he had lost it all, engulfed in scandal. Brazillionaires is a fast-paced account of Batista's rise and fall, and of the rise and rise of the hyper-rich, not just in Brazil but the world over: a story of helicopter flights, high-speed car crashes and beach-front penthouses. But it is also an investigation into a country apparently poised to become a superpower, yet beset by endemic inequality and corruption. Stefan Zweig said in 1941 that Brazil was the country of the future; Brazilians joke that it always will be. Today, despite recent turmoil, that future seems closer than ever. It is the world's seventh-largest economy, companies like Heinz, Budweiser and Burger King are now controlled by Brazilian investors and Rio de Janeiro is hosting the 2016 Olympics. The brazillionaires have ridden the crest of Brazil's wave of progress; through them Brazillionaires tells the story of their country's past, present and future.
The professionals
Richistan : a journey through the 21st century wealth boom and the lives of the new rich
Harry Bosch is California's newest private investigator. He doesn't advertise, he doesn't have an office, and he's picky about who he works for, but it doesn't matter. His chops from 30 years with the LAPD speak for themselves. Soon one of Southern California's biggest moguls comes calling. The reclusive billionaire has less than six months to live and a lifetime of regrets. He hires Bosch to find out whether he has an heir. Using all of his cold case skills, Bosch pieces together a 65-year-old mystery and finds out that the case is not as simple - or cold - as he thought.
Capital : a portrait of twenty-first century Delhi
Bright young things
Death on the Nile
According to yes
The A-list family
Fear index
Master Money the millionaire
Perfect strangers
The hunger of the wolf : a novel
Priceless
Stop acting rich : ...and start living like a real millionaire
The dog
One way or another
Lazarus. Volume two, Lift
Heat wave
Brazillionaires : the godfathers of modern Brazil
The millionaire next door : the surprising secrets of America's wealthy
Hubert Horatio Bartle Bobton-Trent
When John Mason discovers that his fiancee's father has embezzled thousands of pounds from their mutual business, he's furious. When his betrothed, Miss Mary Chartley, flees, taking the money and all the evidence with her, he's outraged. He plans to bring the woman he once loved to account -- and he'll shed no tears when he does. But when he finds Mary, she's not living a life of luxury. Instead, she's serving as a companion in exchange for a pittance. The more he attempts to untangle the truth, the more he remembers why he first loved Mary...and how much he wishes he could do so again.
Plutocrats : the rise of the new global super-rich and the fall of everyone else
Divorce confidential : the explosive confessions of how the rich divorce
The divide : American injustice in the age of the wealth gap
Netherwood
Loving Jack
The Jane Austen marriage manual
Take a chance on me
Six suspects
One Fifth Avenue
Birds of a Feather
Beale Street dynasty : sex, song, and the struggle for the soul of Memphis
Do opposites attract?
The book lover's tale
What happened at midnight
The square
Let them eat cake : marketing luxury to the masses-as well as the classes
The great Gatsby
The rich : from slaves to super-yachts : a 2000-year history
The husband list
Private down under
Confessions of a teen nanny : a novel
She's a starving artist and he's a billionaire playboy. Siobhan came to New York with a purpose: she wants to become a successful artist. To pay her bills in the meantime, she's the hostess at The Stone Room, a bar for the beautiful and the billionaires. She was fine with being on her own until tech billionaire Derick takes her breath away.
An agent of deceit
Eros and Thanatos
Someone is willing to kill a woman for helping couples have children - and Ellie must protect her. Perfect Child is a company specialised in medically assisted procreation - for extremely wealthy customers. An activity that isn't to everyone's taste, a fact that the CEO, Ava Troy, knows full well - she's received the treats to prove it. Enter Ellie Braxton, assigned as Ava's bodyguard. Unfortunately, Ellie isn't doing too well. Her teammate and mentor, Walt, is still in a coma, and she's having many doubts about her life choices. But can she really afford such a luxury?
Falling for Rachel
To touch the stars
Married by morning
The abominable snowman : a short story from dragons at crumbling castle
The proposal
The privileges : a novel
The sari shop
The Paris secret
A death in summer
Nanny returns
Marrying Winterborne
The great Gatsby - Kultahattu = The great Gatsby
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Smash cut
My way : Berlusconi in his own words
Sins of the father
Buffett : the making of an American capitalist
The common lawyer
Crazy rich Asians
Why we want you to be rich : two men, one message
China rich girlfriend : a novel
Renato Jones : The one%. Season one
The big spenders
Way back home
Ravenscliffe
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
The line of beauty
Empty mansions : the mysterious life of Huguette Clark and the spending of a great American fortune
Lazarus. Volume one : Family
Fever city : a thriller
Marketing to the affluent
Rich dad, poor dad : what the rich teach their kids about money that the poor and middle class do not!
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
The eighth day
Play dirty
Jeffrey Lockhart's father, Ross, is a billionaire in his sixties, with a younger wife, Artis Martineau, whose health is failing. Ross is the primary investor in a remote and secret compound where death is exquisitely controlled and bodies are preserved until a future time when biomedical advances and new technologies can return them to a life of transcendent promise. Jeff joins Ross and Artis at the compound to say "an uncertain farewell" to her as she surrenders her body. "We are born without choosing to be. Should we have to die in the same manner? Isn't it a human glory to refuse to accept a certain fate?" These are the questions that haunt the novel and its memorable characters, and it is Ross Lockhart, most particularly, who feels a deep need to enter another dimension and awake to a new world. For his son, this is indefensible. Jeff, the book's narrator, is committed to living, to experiencing "the mingled astonishments of our time, here, on earth." Don DeLillo's seductive, spectacularly observed and brilliant new novel weighs the darkness of the world-terrorism, floods, fires, famine, plague-against the beauty and humanity of everyday life; love, awe, "the intimate touch of earth and sun."
Stealing people
Vengeance
Lazarus. Volume three, Conclave
The secret history
The boy in the suitcase
Counting heads
Trump revealed : an American journey of ambition, ego, money, and power
The fullness of time
Mahtavat Ambersonit
Cents and sensibility
Crazy in love
The starboard sea : [a novel]
The melody lingers on : a novel
Fractured
Dandy Gilver and the unpleasantness in the ballroom
Perfect child
Filthy rich
Gossip girl. Volume 3 : for your eyes only
Gossip girl. Volume 1 : For your eyes only
The wrong side of goodbye : a novel
Cars of the super rich : the opulent, the original and the outrageous
Gossip girl. Volume 2 : for your eyes only
The Jackal's share
The Wangs vs the world
Millionaire mayhem
Richie Rich gems : featuring classic & new Richie Rich comics & stories :  special collection
You deserve nothing
Priceless : a novel
The one% own more than half the world's wealth. They've crashed economies, bought governments, and have amassed more power than any other group in history. And they still don't have enough. With this kind of power, how can anyone make them pay? Who will make them pay? Enter Renato Jones, a mysterious vigilante, out to even the score.
Return to sender
The law of the dollar
