http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6576 warehousing
warehousing
Color atlas of postharvest quality of fruits and vegetables
Design of layout rearrangement of enterprise logistics based on the combination of slp and sha
Hygiene for management : a text for food safety courses
Conservation and preservation in small libraries : the Parker Library conservation project, Corpus Christi Gollege, Cambridge
The supply, the care and the sale of wine : a book of reference for wine-merchants
Food and beverage cost control
Hybrid approach for the design of the supply network : a systematic review
Internal logistics as a part of supply chain : case : Nokia-China, Dongguang Branch
Studies on prevention of storage aging in raw blue-fox skins
Food and beverage purchasing : workbook
Shelf life and quality changes of strawberry cultivars
Dry land log handling and sorting : planning, construction and operation of log yards
Logistics outsourcing: solution for small and medium enterprises in Vietnam
Bookworms : the insect pests of books
Meat and fish management
Food facts
In addition to renewable energy systems,  the Handbook also covers processes for  the effi cient and clean conversion of  traditional fuels such as coal, oil and gas,  energy storage systems, mitigation technologies  for the reduction of environmental  pollutants, and the development  of intelligent energy systems. Environmental,  social and economic impacts of  energy systems are also addressed in  depth.
Inventory level analysis at Company X
Introduction to Materials Management
Bringing strategic thinking to a Chinese tobacco logistics  center
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to find out the most considerable port location for a possible storage operation for a case company. The idea was to compare three differ-ent ports recommended in Europe which were Antwerp, Rotterdam and Hamburg, and also to consider different factors that will affect the decision when choosing the location. In this case the most important factors are the container traffic from Rauma, and overall the sales perspective about the warehousing.     The theory part consists of supply chain and logistic activities, where the focus is on warehousing. It handles overall warehousing from the logistics point of view, even though the profitability of storage is not calculated. Another focus area in theory was related to the criteria for choosing the location of storage place. There were factors about the weekly traffic from Port of Rauma, and details about the proposed ports. Also about the weight limitations for trucks in Europe and train connections from the proposed ports onwards in Europe.     The methodology part was to describe the data collection and the qualitative research. This study was made by using the qualitative research, and two different semi-structured interviews were made. The first interview was with the Sales Director of the case company. There the focus was to get opinions about the possible warehouse and specially the sales point of view of it. The customers' locations had a significant meaning as well in the discussion. Then the other interview was held to the Port Director of the Port of Rauma, which handled factors about the future prospects of the container traffic from Rauma onwards, and a discussion about these specific ports.     In the end, there is the analysis of the interviews and a comparison of the ports together and a certain factors listed why the chosen proposed port was Port of Antwerp. It was the most considerable port for the possible storage operation. The result was mostly based on the weekly traffic that departure from Rauma, and also Antwerp is close to the customers as well. In the Benelux countries the case company has more clientele than in Hamburg, and to Antwerp the connections are better than to Rotterdam.
Rose hips and sea buckthorn berries contain high amounts of beneficial bioactive compounds. In this study the content and stability of natural vitamins and antioxidants were investigated in two fruit beverages made from rose hip powder, sea buckthorn berry purée and white grape juice concentrate, and wheat germ oil in one of the beverages. Beverages were formulated, pasteurised and filled aseptically in Tetra Brik packages and stored up to 35 days at 4 °C or 22 °C. Samples were analysed for the content of ascorbic acid, carotenoids, major phenolics, tocochromanols, total phenols and total antioxidant capacity as ferric reducing ability. The largest changes occurred during the first 5 days of storage, thereafter mainly ascorbic acid decreased. In the wheat germ oil supplemented beverage, α-tocopherol was more rapidly degraded. Negative correlations between the decrease of some carotenoids and tocochromanols, and the increase of some phenolics, suggest relationships of redox reactions specific to the amount of oil supplemented. From the present study we can conclude that additions of oil to beverages should be carefully selected to avoid oxidations of bioactive compounds. Furthermore, packaging of the beverages should be carried out at higher temperatures and thereafter it should be stored at low temperatures (4 °C), which decreased oxidation of all bioactive compounds except ascorbic acid..
Use of amaranth, quinoa and kañiwa in extruded corn snacks
Conservation of cultural heritage, Guidelines for design of showcases for exhibition and preservation of objects. part 1, general requirements
Logistical practicalities for a non-governmental organization : Case study: Empowerment of African Women Organization ry (EOAW)
Inventory management explained : a focus on forecasting, lot sizing, safety stock and ordering systems
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry
Water storage of timber : experience in Britain
Developing inventory management through partnership
Controlled atmosphere storage of fruits and vegetables
Stored nutrient reserves are closely correlated with survival and growth of transplanted seedlings. Previous studies have proven that combining pre-hardening fertilization (PF) with fall fertilization (FF) built seedling nutrient reserves more effectively; however, their effect on transplanting performance is poorly documented. We investigated the independent and interacting effects of 2 levels of PF and 4 levels of FF on seedling growth, nutrient acquisition and accumulation during different growth phases 1 year after transplanting of Quercus variabilis Blume in a nursery. High PF benefited nutrient reserves and subsequent transplanted seedling growth and tissue nutrient storage at the end of the rapid growth and hardening phases. Fall fertilization with 36 mg N increased stem dry mass and tissue nutrient content at the end of the hardening phase. At the conclusion of establishment, PF and FF showed a significant interaction for N and K uptake from soil. At the end of the rapid growth and hardening phases, high PF consistently increased nutrient uptake. Enhanced N and K uptake occurred following application of 36 mg N of FF at the end of the hardening phase. Distinct roles for PF and FF on 3 phases of transplanted seedlings demonstrated the necessity to evaluate fertilization in terms of nutrient reserves and subsequent transplanting performance in consecutive phases. Combining 100 mg N seedling-1 during pre-hardening with 36 mg N seedling-1 during fall yielded ideal transplanting performance for Quercus variabilis seedlings..
Contemporary logistics
Consignment stock in group trade : sales and delivery processes of Bayer Schering Pharma Oy
Storage of cereal grains and their products
Successful pubs and inns
Variation of colour and selected physical and mechanical properties related to artificial drying of sawn silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) timber from plantations
Seed production characters and germination performance of reed canary grass in Finland
Notes on a cellar-book
The self-sufficient life and how to live it : the complete back-to-basics guide
Automatic identification in warehouse
Dictionary of Purchasing and Supply Management : terminology for Buying, Selling and Trading
The effect of storage ageing and spring sprouting of seed tubers on the yield of three potato varieties in the Finnish Lapland : Research Note
The handbook of logistics & distribution management
Food and beverage cost controls
Thermal energy storage : better economy, environment, technology : proceedings
Drying and storage of agricultural crops
Documentation and analysis of material flows and warehousing in Tervakoski Oy
Infrastructure as code : managing servers in the cloud
Harvest and postharvest technologies for fresh fruits and vegetables = Technologias de cosecha y postcosecha de frutas y hortalizas : proceedings of the international conference, 20-24 February 1995, Guanjato, Mexico
Food and beverage cost controls : teacher's manual
Computational studies of chemical looping combustion materials and CO2 activating surfaces
Improving material handling and inventory management in district heating system manufacturing business
Water content and metabolism of wheat during short storage and germination
The switch
Packing, shipping and folding instructions to Chinese suppliers : Reima limited company
Evaluation of aquifer storage CSHPSS systems
Storage guide for color photographic materials
Purchasing and supply management capabilities in finnish medium-sized enterprises
"In order to run successful logistics operations managers need to have a vast breadth of knowledge of the tools and techniques needed to maintain efficiency in the supply chain.The Logistics Toolkit provides logistics managers in the areas of transport, warehousing and inventory with a comprehensive set of tools to tackle many of the day-to-day issues in order to drive efficiency and business success. In a busy, rapidly moving environment it offers quick, reliable advice and combines crucial logistics tools with key business techniques including SWOT analysis, Gantt Charts and Cause and Effect Analysis. Each tool is explained and put into context and examples are given of how it can be used within logistics"--
Comparing manual and automated warehousing functions in paper manufacturing
"Virtualization, cloud, containers, server automation, and software-defined networking are meant to simplify IT operations. But many organizations adopting these technologies have found that it only leads to a faster-growing sprawl of unmanageable systems. This is where infrastructure as code can help. With this practical guide, author Kief Morris of ThoughtWorks shows you how to effectively use principles, practices, and patterns pioneered through the DevOps movement to manage cloud age infrastructure. Ideal for system administrators, infrastructure engineers, team leads, and architects, this book demonstrates various tools, techniques, and patterns you can use to implement infrastructure as code. In three parts, youll learn about the platforms and tooling involved in creating and configuring infrastructure elements, patterns for using these tools, and practices for making infrastructure as code work in your environment."--Amazon.com description, viewed on 12 July 2016.
A Manual on the air seasoning of Indian timbers
Responses of heat stress to prevent chilling injury of tomatoes
Horse dung contains considerable amounts of nitrogen which is partly lost during the storage period. Leaching of nitrogen from the dung can be prevented with constructions but also gaseous N-emissions occur. However, the emission rates are not reported in the literature. We measured in laboratory conditions nitrous oxide (N2O), nitric oxide (NO) and nitrous acid (HONO) emissions from fresh, one month old and one year old horse dung samples. NO and HONO emissions increased with the storage time of the dung. The mean emission rates of HONO and NO were from 36 to 280 ng N kg dw-1h-1 and from 15 to 3500 ng N kg dw-1h-1, respectively. N2O emissions were more variable showing also highest emissions (20.3 µg N kg dw-1 h-1) from the oldest samples. Thus, the longer storage of horse dung increases gaseous N losses which should be taken into account when planning the environmental friendly way to handle horse dung..
Implementation of inventory control in a warehouse of a case company
Finned tube solid heat storages
Thermal behaviour of a heat storage floor heated by an air flow
Production of magnesium carbonates from serpentinites for CO2 mineral sequestration : optimisation towards industrial application
How to choose and enjoy wine
Influence of modified atmosphere packaging on the shelf like or red currants
German wines
Food preparation and cooking : student guide, core units
The purpose of this thesis was to clarify situation in the warehouses of Tervakoski Oy and record their related material flows. Tervakoski mill is old and built in stages, which has impacts on warehousing and material flows. It was expected that room for improvement exists and based on that ”One Touch” –project was started. This thesis forms phase one in ”One Touch” –project. The theory part of this thesis focuses on warehousing and material flows from different points of views. Issues to be considered when organizing warehouses and material flows are discussed in the theory part of this thesis. The empirical part of this thesis presents material created for Tervakoski Oy. The findings indicate that some excess inventories exist as was expected before the starting this project. It was also discovered that there are certain materials in the ware-houses that are not in mill systems as well as old materials, which reserve space from other materials and should be disposed from the warehouses.  The results of the empirical part of this thesis indicate that more efforts should be put to improving communication and processes in the future. Further research is needed to determine optimal inventory levels in the second phase of “One Touch” –project.  The empirical part of this thesis is confidential.
Foodservice : a managerial approach
Food and beverage purchasing
Grossman's guide to wines, spirits, and beers
Colour response in drying of nordic hardwoods
Forage conservation and feeding
Inventory routing : a strategic management accounting perspective
Proposal for storage location : case Forchem Oy
The box assignment problem in log yards
Growth and nutrient dynamics of transplanted Quercus variabilis seedlings as influenced by prehardening and fall fertilization
CO2 biofixation by microalgae : modeling, estimation and control
Postharvest quality response of broccoli florets to combined application of 1-methylcyclopropene and modified atmosphere packaging
Automatic identification and data collection systems in a warehouse
Food service operations : planning and control
Maintenance-free batteries : based aqueous electrolyte. Lead-acid, nickel/cadmium, nickel/metal hydride. A handbook of battery technology
Supervising food safety : a text for level 3 food safety courses and a reference for supervisors
Food and beverage cost planning and control procedures
Using SANs and NAS
Economic evaluation of a warehouse investment in central europe : case study at Nokian Heavy Tyres Ltd.
A prediction model prototype for estimating optimal storage duration and sorting
Export Fruits from Spain to Finland. Case: Karamelo Citrus S.L.L.
Introduction to professional food service
Inventory control abstracts : 1953-1965
The theory of catering
Food and beverage purchasing : teacher's manual
Process steam systems : a practical guide for operators, maintainers, and designers
Wine buyer's guide
Identifying problems in the warehouse process : case China
Wine lore : a critical analysis of wine dogma
Towards simplified deinking systems : a study of the effects of ageing, pre-wetting and alternative pulping strategy on ink behaviour in pulping
Postharvest physiology and pathology of vegetables
Asia Pacific Symposium on Postharvest Research, Education and Extension : Bangkok, Thailand, August 2-4, 2010
Development  of bar code usage in incoming marerial warehouse
Effects of haulm killing and gibberellic acid on seed potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) and techniques for micro- and minituber production in northern latitudes
The influence of storage temperature on composition and processability of potato cultivars
Food and beverage controls : student manual
Underground thermal energy storage
SAP warehouse management : functionality and technical configuration
Encyclopedia of hotel, tourism and hospitality management in the 21st century. Vol. 6, Foodservice operations
RFID technology's potential in warehouse management : perspective of VIktor Ek's Moving Division
Port : how to buy, serve, store and drink it
Use of nanostructures as oxygen carriers in chemical looping combustion
Food and beverage cost controls : workbook
Cabbage for human consumption
Preassembled palletized displays are receiving serious considerations
Handbook of Clean Energy Systems
CO2 Capture and storage in energy production
Storage and supply of materials : inbound logistics for commerce, industry and public undertakings
This thesis is done for R-Group Finland Oy, a medium sized Finnish enterprise interested to rationalize its logistics network by using a public warehouse. This study is based on the applied thesis model. The purpose is to evaluate three potential public warehouses and make a recommendation for R-Group Finland of the most suitable public warehouse. The research method is to analyse the location, warehousing costs and product transportation costs by given information and theoretical background. The first part of this thesis illustrates the advantages of the public warehousing concept and importance of logistics network planning. The second part lists the requirements of R-Group Finland Oy as part of the  research process. Two scenarios to evaluate the costs of the three public warehouses are presented. The third part evaluates the public warehouses by location, incoming and outgoing costs, warehousing  costs, transportation costs and total costs of the two scenarios. The research process shows that the public warehousing has many advantages and the overall costs in logistics network planning have to  be catered carefully. The main conclusions were that the logistics network planning is very time-consuming and that the costs are higher than expected. R-Group Finland Oy evaluates the necessity of public warehousing for its operations based on the study.
Luxury retail management : how the world ́s top brands provide quality product and service support
Broccoli is rich in health-promoting compounds such as ascorbic acid and glucosinolates. However, amount of such compounds inevitably decrease along with the storage. This study was conducted to investigate the effects of 1-methylcyclopropene (1-MCP) and Modified Atmosphere Packaging (MAP) treatments alone or in combination on postharvest life and quality of broccoli heads during cold storage. MAP and 1-MCP+MAP significantly reduced weight loss, delayed surface color changes and chlorophyll breakdown, maintained visual quality, ascorbic acid, total phenol, soluble solid contents and titratable acidity compared with control as well as 1-MCP treatment. In 1-MCP plus MAP treated florets, approximate 47% and more chlorophyll and 24% more total phenol contents were found compared to control florets. 1-MCP plus MAP application better performed in maintaining the quality of broccoli florets during 28-day-storage. Overall results revealed that combined treatment can be recommended for commercial broccoli storage at 0 °C.
Potatoes postharvest
Design of layout rearrangament of enterprise logistics based on the combination of slp and sha
Lean Warehousing
Information dissemination in supply chain: factors and models influencing warehousing efficiency : case company study
Analysis of 5 MW hydrogen power system with thermal energy storage
Emissions of nitrous acid (HONO), nitric oxide (NO), and nitrous oxide (N2O) from horse dung
Warehouse design : case: spare part dealership
Public warehousing of R-Group Finland Oy
Methane and hydrogen production from crop biomass through anaerobic digestion
Effect of storage time and temperature on stability of bioactive compounds in aseptically packed beverages prepared from rose hips and sea buckthorn berries
Warehouse distribution and operations handbook
Characterisation of antibiotic-resistant psychrotrophic bacteria in raw milk
Developing the plywood supply chain management
Safety analysis for disposal of high level reprocessing waste or spent fuel in crystalline rock
The logistics and supply chain toolkit : over 90 tools for transport, warehousing and inventory management
Tiivistelmä: Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry.
Consignment stock : case Kyrel Ems Oyj
Distribution chain improvement
Storage of potatoes : post-harvest behaviour, store design, storage practice, handling
Abtract.
The need for WMS in the company's ERP system
Postharvest handling and storage of cut flowers, florist greens, and potted plants
Polttopuuhakkeen käsittelystä aiheutuva ilman homepölypitoisuus sekä siihen vaikuttavat tekijät = The mould dust concentration caused by the handling of fuel chips and its modifying factors
Food processing technology : principles and practice
Energy storage systems for integration of renewables
Postharvest : an introduction to the physiology and handling of fruit and vegetables
Energy storage systems in developing countries
Cyclodextrins in fast-dissolving drug formulations for intraoral administration
Potential for carbon capture and storage (CCS) in the Nordic region
Lagring av gulrot = Storage of carrots
Heat stress and chilling sensitivity of different ripening classes of tomatoes
The complete guide to a clutter-free home : organized storage solutions & projects
A manual of internal logistics for companies : logistics systems using industrial trucks
Effects of haulm killing and gibberellic acid on seed potato (<em>Solanum tuberosum L.</em>) and techniques for micro- and minituber production in northern latitudes
Perioperative bleeding and use of blood products in coronary artery bypass grafting
Effect of harvest time on storage loss and sprouting in onion
Influence of storage conditions on vitamin C content of white cabbage
Stocking and introduction of fish
Characterisation of bulk solids
Inventory Process Management & Optimization in Small Businesses : Based on Warehouse Management Systems & Inventory Management Approaches
Materials Management and Development : Case: Famifarm Oy
Supplier provided automatic warehouse replenishment solutions in pharmaceutical diagnostics industry
The survey of warehouse scenario in Singapore
Use of proton-induced X-ray emission (PIXE) analysis in the evaluation of large volume parenteral rubber stoppers
Computer systems in logistics and distribution : a guide to implementation and applications
Due to the consequences of global warming and significant greenhouse gas emissions, several ideas have been studied to reduce these emissions or to suggest solut ions for pollutant removal. The most promising ideas are reduced consumption, waste recovery and waste treatment by biological systems. In this latter category, studies have demonstrated that the use of microalgae is a very promising solution for the biofixation of carbon dioxide. In fact, these micro-organisms are able to offset high levels of CO2 thanks to photosynthesis. Microalgae are also used in various fields (food industry, fertilizers, biofuel, etc.).
EARP Agronomy Section meeting 1992, 12-15 July, 1992, Petäys Holiday and Training Centre, Tyrväntö, Finland : summaries of papers
Design and process optimization in warehousing logistics : comparison of theory and practice, demonstrated on a warehouse operation of a top global logistics company
Guide to supply chain management
Buffer study of can end production lines in Impress B.V., Deventer
Information and documentation : document storage requirements for archive and library materials = Information et documentation : prescriptions pour le stockage des documents d'archives et de bibliothèques
Pre- and postharvest development of carrot yield and quality
Evaluating the centralization alternatives of manufacturing company's distribution network
Proceedings of the IVth International Conference Postharvest Unlimited 2011 : Leavenworth, Washington, USA, May 22-26, 2011
Improving the stockroom operations of PUMA Store Helsinki
This comprehensive reference guide for SAP Warehouse Management (WM) first introduces you to the fundamental aspects of this important module. Then, get an in-depth understanding of the functionality of WM and learn best practices for how to configure it. This detailed functionality and technical configuration guide includes all key aspects of WM, including WM Master Data, Stock Replenishment, Picking and Putaway strategies, as well as Storage Unit Management. Readers quickly gain a complete understanding of WM and its interaction with other SAP Supply Chain modules, making this book a truly indispensable resource /Kustantajan esittely.
PJP Metsäexpertit Oy is a medium-sized forestry company operating in Pirkanmaa region. The company's main operations are harvesting and bio energy fuel logging, including forwarding. In addition to the main operations PJP carries out support functions such as drawing up of harvesting work schedules, repair and maintenance operations as well as coordination of their sub-contractors' work. On top of the current business operations, PJP is becoming a spare part dealer and contract maintenance service provider for Swedish forestry machine manufacturer Eco Log. Embarking on this new field of business requires planning and designing. The most important needs at this stage for PJP are to have the spare part storage layout and stock location scheme as well as basic warehouse operations designed. Hence, the goal of the design work is to recommend a storage layout solution which meets overall objectives and company requirements as well as create functional and efficient basic warehouse operations and stock location scheme according to the company's specific situation.   The layout model recommended in this thesis was achieved by defining the characteristics of the stored materials, choosing the suitable storage method and techniques and taking into consideration the limitations and opportunities of the space. The recommended layout is static small and medium-sized spare part storage with shelving and lockers as the main storage devices. This solution reaches the overall objectives of an economical storage which enables efficient use of space and material handling, provides flexibility required in the changing business environment as well as adheres to the case company specific requirements. Acquiring of the storage fitting, accessories and equipment according to the recommendations further increases the overall functionality and efficiency of the layout. The designing of the basic warehouse operations includes receiving, storage, picking, packing and shipping activities. The company's ERP system is an essential tool along with the stock location scheme to enable efficient operations. The stock location scheme is based on the recommended storage layout and each stock location is identified with a unique code. The objective of efficient yet economical warehousing is reached with the right systems and procedures in place and with suitable equipment. In addition to the procedures and systems presented in the thesis, it is recommended that in the future PJP considers the use of bar coding in its warehouse operations since it can offer many benefits in terms of information accuracy and overall operational efficiency.
How to manage a restaurant or institutional food service
Food service planning : layout and equipment
Storing beetle-killed logs under snow to reduce losses after mountain pine beetle attack
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : ELO - E-Business Logistics Technology Programme 2002-2005
Ferrocement stores for bagged grain and other purposes : a minor field study
Transport of photoassimilates
Food cost control
Food and beverage management : for the hospitality, tourism and event industries
Effect of thawing duration and temperature on field performance of frozen-stored Norway spruce container seedlings
Lead-acid batteries : science and technology : a handbook of lead-acid battery technology and its influence on the product
Distribution and inventory management in Finnish pharmaceutical manufacturing
Fruits of the world : a comprehensive guide to choosing and using
TAMK Logistics Innovation Laboratory : Project Logivo
Quality and shelf life of packaged fresh sliced mushrooms stored at two different temperatures
Offers a comprehensive examination of international potato production. This book discusses how potatoes are managed post harvest, the underlying science behind practices and the influences that can affect final quality. It also describes potato physiology, harvesting techniques and loading procedures as well as optimum storage conditions.
Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry
Research proposals for a grain storage project : two minor field studies performed at the Agricultural Engineering Institute, Harare
Introduction to foodservice
YBaCo4O7+δ and YMnO3+δ based oxygen-storage materials
