http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6589 medical nutrition therapy
medical nutrition therapy nutritional therapy (authorised)
Nutrition and wound healing / |c edited by Joseph Molnar
Nutrition and arthritis
Abstract.
High blood pressure : food, facts & recipes
Nutrition and diet therapy in gastrointestinal disease
How not to die : discover the foods scientifically proven to prevent and reverse disease
Beating cancer with nutrition : clinically proven and easy-to-follow strategies to dramatically improve your quality and quantity of life and increase chances for a complete remission
Complementary and integrative terapies for psychiatric disorders
Modern nutrition in health and disease : vol. 1-2
Human nutrition : edited by Catherine A. Geissler, Hilary J. Powers
Communication and education skills for dietetics professionals
Medical nutrition therapy : a case study approach
"The vast majority of premature deaths can be prevented through simple changes in diet and lifestyle. Greger examines the fifteen top causes of premature death in America -- heart disease, various cancers, diabetes, Parkinson's, high blood pressure, and more -- and explains how nutritional and lifestyle interventions can sometimes trump prescription pills and other pharmaceutical and surgical approaches, freeing us to live healthier lives. The simple truth is that most doctors are good at treating acute illnesses but bad at preventing chronic disease. By following Dr. Greger's advice, all of it backed up by strong scientific evidence, you will learn which foods to eat and which lifestyle changes to make to live longer."--
Williams' basic nutrition and diet therapy
Textbook of Obesity is designed to cover all of the essential elements concerning the etiology, prevention and treatment of obesity suitable for students in nutrition, dietetics and health science courses. Providing core knowledge for students is an essential and urgent requirement to ensure that those graduating will be properly equipped to deal with the high prevalence of overweight and obesity, currently affecting almost two-thirds of the population of the USA and with prevalence in much of the rest of the world rapidly catching up.
This is the complete guide to getting pregnant and improving fertility naturally -- even if you've been told your chances of conception are low. A nationally renowned women's health and fertility expert, Aimee Raupp has helped thousands of women optimize their fertility and get pregnant. Now, in this book, she provides her complete program for improving your chances of conceiving and overcoming infertility, including the most effective complementary and lifestyle approaches, the latest nutritional advice, and ways to prepare yourself emotionally and spiritually.
Integrating therapeutic and complementary nutrition
The Harcombe diet : 3-step plan
Depression and anxiety the drug-free way
Nutritional coaching strategy to modulate training efficiency
Manual of nutritional therapeutics
Effect of short-term guided aerobic exercise and diet intervention on overweight women
Nutrition : a health promotion approach
Local Mediterranean food plants and nutraceuticals
The 10 secrets of healthy ageing : how to live longer, look younger and feel great
National renal diet : professional guide
Thammachat chuai chiwit
Textbook of Obesity : Biological, Psychological and Cultural Influences
Chinese nutrition therapy : dietetics in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM)
Nutritional care of preterm infants : scientific basis and practical guidelines
Food allergies : a complete guide for eating when your life depends on it
Nutrition and diet therapy dictionary
Nutrition and diet therapy
Summary: Nutrition therapy in the developing health and social services system.
Discovering nutrition
Williams' basic nutrition & diet therapy
Nutrition & diet therapy : evidence-based applications
Nutrition & diet therapy
Introductory nutrition and nutrition therapy
Foods that fight disease : a simple guide to using and understanding phytonutrients to protect and enhance your health
Medical nutrition & disease : a case-based approach
The food-mood solution : all-natural ways to banish anxiety, depression, anger, stress, overeating, and alcohol and drugs problems - and feel good again
Behavioral therapy, very-low-calorie diet and gastroplasty in the treatment of severe and morbid obesity in adults
Nutrition in clinical practice : a comprehensive, evidence-based manual for the practitioner
ADA pocket guide to enteral nutrition
Nutrition and dietetics for health care
Essentials of nutrition and diet therapy
Diabetes : a practical approach
BSAVA manual of canine and feline rehabilitation, supportive and palliative care : case studies in patient management
Basics in clinical nutrition
Human nutrition and dietetics
The LCP solution : the remarkable nutritional treatment for ADHD, dyslexia, and dyspraxia
Nutrition essentials and diet therapy
Anticancer : a new way of life
Nutrition in clinical practice : a  comprehensive, evidence-based manual for the practitioner
Manual of dietetic practice
Foundations and clinical applications of nutrition : a nursing approach
Natural, alternative, and complementary health care practices
The complete guide to nutrition in primary care
Modern nutrition in health and disease
Nutrition and nutritional care of elderly people in Finnish nursing homes and hospitals
Marketing nutrition : soy, functional foods, biotechnology, and obesity
Yes, you can get pregnant : natural ways to improve your fertility now & into your 40s
Nutrition therapy and pathophysiology
Small-bowel mucosal transglutaminase-2-specific autoantibody deposits in coeliac disease : usefulness in diagnostics and follow-up
Genetic expression and nutrition
A description of implementation of WHO global strategies on Diet, Physical Activity and Health in Finland
Spa style Europe : therapies, cuisines, spas
Evaluation of the results of active diagnostics and treatment of coeliac disease in a high-prevalence area : a special focus on dietary compliance, quality of life and associated complications
"From the physician behind the wildly popular website NutritionFacts.org, How Not to Die reveals the groundbreaking scientific evidence behind the only diet that can prevent and reverse many of the causes of disease-related death.The vast majority of premature deaths can be prevented through simple changes in diet and lifestyle. In How Not to Die, Dr. Michael Greger, the internationally-renowned nutrition expert, physician, and founder of NutritionFacts.org, examines the fifteen top causes of premature death in America heart disease, various cancers, diabetes, Parkinson's, high blood pressure, and more and explains how nutritional and lifestyle interventions can sometimes trump prescription pills and other pharmaceutical and surgical approaches, freeing us to live healthier lives. The simple truth is that most doctors are good at treating acute illnesses but bad at preventing chronic disease. The fifteen leading causes of death claim the lives of 1.6 million Americans annually. This doesn't have to be the case. By following Dr. Greger's advice, all of it backed up by strong scientific evidence, you will learn which foods to eat and which lifestyle changes to make to live longer. History of prostate cancer in your family? Put down that glass of milk and add flaxseed to your diet whenever you can. Have high blood pressure? Hibiscus tea can work better than a leading hypertensive drug-and without  the side effects. Fighting off liver disease? Drinking coffee can reduce liver inflammation. Battling breast cancer? Consuming soy is associated with prolonged survival. Worried about heart disease (the number 1 killer in the United States)? Switch to a whole-food, plant-based diet, which has been repeatedly shown not just to prevent the disease but often stop it in its tracks. In addition to showing what to eat to help treat the top fifteen causes of death, How Not to Die includes Dr. Greger's Daily Dozen a checklist of the twelve foods we should consume every day.
Preventive nutrition : the comprehensive guide for health professionals
Manual of nutrition
Good medicine : safe, natural ways to solve over 75 common health problems
Impact of dietary fat on insulin sensitivity, glucose metabolism, serum lipids and coagulation factors
Contemporary nutrition
The burden of coeliac disease : the perspectives of patients, health care system and society
Oxford handbook of nutrition and dietetics
Dietitian's handbook of enteral and parenteral nutrition
Mayo Clinic diet manual : a handbook of dietary practices
Summary.
Diet and Medication Therapy in the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes. : Comparison between Finland and the United States of America (USA).
The importance of nutrition and diet theraphy in the management of diabetes
Advances in nutrition research : March 17-18, 1994
The exercise professional's guide to optimizing health : strategies for preventing and reducing chronic disease
A description of implementation of WHO global strategies on diet, physical activity and health in Finland
American Dietetic Association guide to diabetes medical nutrition therapy and education
Superfoods to boost your mood : foods that fight depression
Betty Crocker living with cancer cookbook
Nutrition : essentials and diet therapy
