http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6583 power of decision
power of decision
Power talk : institutionalising political authority in the Finnish economic crisis
Morality, decision and social organization : toward a logic of ethics
Thinking Differently About Leadership : a critical history of leadership studies
Cost accounting vs. Cost management : Product costing for managerial decision making : Joint Stock Company "Apatite" (Russia)
Law of the European Union
Threat to the peace : the interpretation by the Security Council of Article 39 of the UN Charter
Administrative discretion and problems of accountability : proceedings, 25th Colloquy on European Law, Oxford (United Kingdom), 27-29 September 1995.
A reference guide to the United States supreme court
Game theory and public policy
The EU principle of subsidiarity and its critique
Greed, chaos and governance : using public choice to improve public law
The Court of Justice of the European Communities
Unified theory of voting : directional and proximity spatial models
Subsidiarity : the challenge of change : proceedings of the Jacques Delors colloquium
IFRS and US GAAP : a Finnish perspective
From government to governance
Kyoto protocol flexibility mechanisms and the changing role of sovereign states
Voting power in the EC decision making and the consequences of two different enlargements
An essential guide to understanding the dynamics of a startup's board of directors. Let's face it, as founders and entrepreneurs, you have a lot on your plate-getting to your minimum viable product, developing customer interaction, hiring team members, and managing the accounts/books. Sooner or later, you have a board of directors, three to five (or even seven) Type A personalities who seek your attention and at times will tell you what to do.
Barack Obama : what he believes in from his own works
Europe and its members : a constitutional approach
Summary (s. 5-15).
The economics of organisation and bureaucracy. Vol. 3
Strangers at the bedside : a history of how law and bioethics transformed medical decision making
American power and dissent in the UN General Assembly : The growth of US minority voting against resolutions in 1995-2006
The Committee of the Regions and the implementation and monitoring of the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality in the light of the Constitution for Europe
Insight into company : delegation? centralization?
Devolution of forest-related rights : comparative analyses of six developing countries
From empowerment to motivation : case: Hotel Vallonia Garden
Adjusting to Europe : the impact of the European Union on national institutions and policies
The capital budgeting decision : economic analysis of investment projects
The shorter MBA : a practical approach to business skills
Sub-state governance through territorial autonomy : a comparative study in constitutional law of powers, procedures and institutions
The European Parliament
National interests, EU enlargement and coalition formation : four essays on national influence in the EU
The institutes we live by : The Research Institute for Social Sciences
Public management reform from the point of view of parliamentary steering and auditing
Job control as a predictor of mental and cardiovascular health : a prospective multicohort study
Judicial discretion in European perspective
Independence vs. accountability? : Non-majoritarian institutions and democratic government in Europe
The inter-institutional distribution of power in EU codecision
Corporate governance
The Commanders
A game theoretic analysis of the nordic coalition's role in the decision making of the EC Council of Ministers
Gendering the master narrative : women and power in the middle ages
Professional decision making in social work
On law, politics, and judicialization
The changing role of parliaments in the European Union
The economics of organisation and bureaucracy. Vol. 1
Essays on financial contracting
The development of the division of power between EU Commission, EU Council and European Parliament
Class and the corporation
The impact of supreme court decisions : empirical studies
Flexible integration as an efficient decision-making rule
The changing balance of political power in Finland
The foundations of European Community law : an introduction to the constitutional and administrative law of the European Community
The uses of discretion
Indian parlamentary democracy in transition
The legislative process in the European Community
Superclass : the global power elite and the world they are making
The decline and fall of the American republic
Decision making in social work
State and nation : current legal and political problems before the 1996 Intergovernmental Conference
The economics of organisation and bureaucracy. Vol. 2
Interpreting precedents : a comparative study
The rules of management : a definitive code for managerial success
Codified and judge made law : The role of courts and legislators in civil and common law systems
Gender, power and change in health institutions of the European Union
Europe and its citizens : identity, values and politics
Political theory and public choice
Federalism and subsidiarity
Seven bad ideas : how mainstream economists have damaged America and the world
Fateful choices : ten decisions that changed the world, 1940-1941
European Union : the basics
"The author of the widely praised Age of Greed now gives us a bold indictment of some of our most accepted economic theories-why they're wrong, the harm they've done, and the theories that would vastly improve on them. Jeff Madrick-former New York Times business columnist and now Harper's economics columnist-mounts a comprehensive case against prevailing mainstream economic thinking, illustrating how it has damaged markets, infrastructure, and individual livelihoods, causing hundreds of billions of dollars of wasted investment; financial crisis after financial crisis; poor public education and public transportation; gross inequality of income and wealth, and stagnating wages; uncontrolled military spending; and a failed healthcare system that delivers far less than it costs. Using the Great Recession as his foremost case study, Madrick shows how the decisions America should have made before, during, and after the financial crisis were suppressed by popular theory, and how the consequences are still being felt here and around the globe. And he examines the too-often-marginalized good ideas of modern economics, and convincingly argues just how beneficial they might be if only they can gain greater traction among policy makers"--
The Baltic States : the national self-determination of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania
Technology and small enterprises : technology, autonomy and industrial organisation
References to the European Court
They number six thousand on a planet of six billion. They run our governments, our largest corporations, the powerhouses of international finance, the media, world religions, and, from the shadows, the world's most dangerous criminal and terrorist organizations. They are the global superclass, and they are shaping the history of our time. Today's superclass has achieved unprecedented levels of wealth and power. They have globalized more rapidly than any other group. But do they have more in common with one another than with their own countrymen, as nationalist critics have argued? Has their influence fed the growing economic and social inequity that divides the world? Who sets the rules for a group that operates beyond national laws? Drawn from exclusive interviews and extensive original reporting, this book draws back the curtain on a privileged society that most of us know little about, even though it profoundly affects our lives.--From publisher description.
Judicial law-making in Post-Soviet Russia
Europe's digital revolution : broadcasting regulation, the EU and the nation state
Becoming an effective leader
The Fourth Company Accounts Directive of 1978 and the Accounting systems of the Federal Republic of Germany, France, Italy, the United Kingdom, the United States and Japan
Startup boards : getting the most out of your board of directors
Architect as intermediary : towards open source practice
Financial contracts and contingent control rights
Democracy in the European union : integration through deliberation?
Changing decision-making power of municipal leaders : comparative experiences from Finnish, Spanish and Slovak municipalities
