http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6580 foodstuffs
foodstuffs
Food wastage footprint : impacts on natural resources : summary report
Food analysis laboratory manual
This study examined the changes in antagonistic activity of selected lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in response to technological factors used in food production. The antimicrobial activity of 12 selected LAB strains was assessed against the bacterial and fungal strains using the agar well diffusion method. Sodium chloride (NaCl) 6.5-8.0%, glucose 20-30% and pH 4.0, pH 8.0 and higher were the most crucial factors in reducing the spectra of the microorganisms antagonized. Heating at 80 °C or 100 °C had a greater negative impact than 63 °C on the antifungal activity of LAB. Freezing at -72 °C eliminated the antifungal activity, or it changed from fungicidal to fungistatic. Although each LAB demonstrated the ability to retain antimicrobial activity induced by various technological factors, Lactococcus lactis 768/5 was superior in retaining high antimicrobial activity against tested indicator strains.
Prospects for Soviet agricultural production and trade : with special reference to meat and grain
International standardisation of fruit and vegetables. Onions
Molecular typing of Campylobacter coli strains isolated from diifferent sources
Phosphates in food
Food marketing to children and youth : threat or opportunity?
The 2007-2008 food price swing : impact and policies in Eastern and Southern Africa
In this study the viability of a potentially probiotic Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in the intestinal tract of 22 healthy test subjects was qualitatively assessed in a randomised double blinded cross-over study design lasting 2 x 4 weeks (interventions I and II) with a 4-week washout period. The subjects were given in their diet either spontaneously fermented vegetables (SF) or vegetables fermented by starter bacteria which contained  Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 (P). The numbers of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in fecal samples were at the level of 10⁵ cfu g⁻¹ in both groups. The presence of Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 was confirmed by biochemical and molecular methods. We were able to show that Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485, isolated from spontaneously fermented cucumbers, was viable in the intestine of ten test subjects after taking P-diet when the numbers of LAB were sufficiently high in the product.
Food microbiology protocols
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitory peptides in Finnish cereals : a database survey
Campylobacter is a leading cause of enteric infections in many countries. The principal reservoir of pathogenic Campylobacter spp. is the alimentary tract of wild and domesticated mammals and birds. FAO and WHO have undertaken a risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens. An interpretative summary of that work is described in this volume. This assessment compared the risk for a variety of scenarios and mitigation measures for control of the organism in a range of broiler chicken products. This volume contains information that is useful to both risk assessors and risk managers, governments and food regulatory agencies, industry and other people or institutions with an interest in Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens, the public health impact and the use of risk assessment in the evaluation and selection of potential control strategies--Publisher's description.
Oxidation of emulsified oat proteins
The complete guite to nutrients : an A-Z of superfoods, herbs, vitamins, minerals and supplements
Food processing technology : principles and practice
Grass-fed nation : getting back the food we deserve
Climate change adaptation and food supply chain management : an overview
Customer willingness to pay for sustainability in the food sector : an examination of three WTP types
Conversion to organic wine production : exploring the economic performance impacts
The food resources of Africa
In vitro synthesis and structural analysis of selected acceptor products of Weissella confusa VTT E-90392 dextransucrase
Food microscopy
Applicability of fructophilic lactic acid bacteria in food industry
Vertical price transmission in the Finnish import fruit markets
A complete course in canning : and related processes. 1, Basic information on canning
Encouraging the use of protein-rich foods
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Preparation and characterization of potato starch films plasticized with polyols
The Science of Food and Cooking
The utilization of poultry breast muscle of different quality classes
Effects of gluten and transglutaminase on microstructure, sensory characteristics and instrumental texture of oat bread
Finnish household consumption in monetary and physical terms : trends and clarifications
The good gut diet cookbook with prebiotics and probiotics
Shelf life evaluation of foods
Quality control in the food industry. Vol. 4
Glossary of food safety terms : (English-Finnish-Russian, with Chinese index) = Elintarviketurvallisuusalan sanasto : (englanti-suomi-venäjä sekä kiinankielinen hakemisto) = Slovar' terminov po bezopasnosti piŝevoj produkcii : (anglo-finsko-russkij, s kitajsko-anglijskim ukazatelem terminov)
The crisis of food brands : sustaining safe, innovative and competitive food supply
TO IMPROVE QUALITY MANAGEMENT PROCESS : Case: Aiya Restaurant Chain
Rotavirus in drinking water : molecular methods for measurement of infectivity
Microwave and resistance heating : proceedings of a symposium held on 27th November 1986, held at the Campden Food Preservation Research Association
Water activity in foods : fundamentals and applications
Why has Africa become a net food importer : explaining Africa agricultural and food trade deficits
Elintarvikkeet : aistinvarainen analyysi : sanasto : standardi = Livsmedel : sensorisk analys : terminologi = Food analysis : sensory analysis : vocabulary
Relationships in food chains : an empirical examination of trust, commitment and communication
Food and new biotechnology : novelty, safety and control aspects of foods made by new biotechnology
Ripened cheeses : the effects of fat modifications on sensory characteristics and fatty acid composition
Alkaline phosphatase activity inFinnish hard cheeses and milk products
Empirical “first-filter” test for the existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain
Bacteria colonizing paper machines
Ravintotase : balance sheet for food commodities
Changes in antagonistic activity of lactic acid bacteria induced by their response to technological factors
Pressure to change and resistance against it: consumer perceptions and acceptance of nutritionally modified foods
Food packaging technology
Principles of food packaging : an international guide
Entry and growth strategies of Finnish food companies in the Ukrainian food market
The importance of pre-harvest food safety for modern food production systems
Food, economics and entitlements
Biotechnology : a comprehensive treatise in 8 volumes. 5, Food and feed production with microorganisms
Grocery revolution : the new focus on the consumer
The technology of dairy products
"This Case for Action urges that improving policy coherence between employment and agricultural initiatives and investigating more in the promotion of decent rural employment contribute highly to the interlinked challenges of fighting rural poverty and feeding a growing world population in a sustainable way. Even more importantly, decent work is a fully fledged human right, enshrined in international human rights law, to which each person is entitled as a means of personal development and socio-economic inclusion. While the ILO leads the Global Employment and Decent Work Agenda, FAO has a crucial comparative advantage in promoting decent work in rural areas, specifically with respect to employment in agriculture, including livestock, forestry, fisheries and management of natural resources, as well as agroprocessing and retailing. Given its mandate to raise levels of nutrition, improve agricultural productivity, better the lives of rural populations and contribute to the growth of the world economy, FAO has a significant responsibility within this context. This Case for Action further clarifies the reasoning behind this statement and suggests entry points for increased synergies and inter-disciplinary collaboration."--Introduction.
Food supply chain management : issues for the hospitality and retail sectors
The strategic role of external sustainability assessment in the food value chain
Summaries of the thesis research : the first annual seminar, Dec. 15, 1995, Hanasaari, Espoo, Finnish-Swedish Cultural Centre
The use of mineral salt in natural fermentation of white cabbage into sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice, in order to evaluate whether the amount of NaCl could be lowered, was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. In the fermentations mineral salt was used in various amounts (0.8-1.5%) and in combination with garlic and algae. The final NaCl concentrations in these fermentation trials were 0.5-0.9%. Fermentations were also carried out with cabbage sliced to different degrees. The sauerkraut juice fermented by using 0.8% mineral salt (0.5% NaCl) was found to have the best sensory quality. The yield of sauerkraut juice increased as the coarseness of the cabbage mix decreased.
Preparation, properties and applications of wheat gluten edible films
The effect of clinoptilolite on 137Cs binding in broiler chickens
Fishery products
Immunochemical analysis of prolamins in gluten-free foods
Soil, food and health in a changing world
Encapsulation and controlled release of food ingredients : developed from a symposium ... at the 206th National meeting of the American chemical society, Chicago, Illinois, August 22-27, 1993.
Phytosterols as functional food components and nutraceuticals
Operational guidelines for social marketing projects in public health and nutrition
Molecular typing and source attribution of Finnish Campylobacter jejuni isolates
"This book highlights the issue of adaptation to climate change in food supply chains, the management and policy implications and the importance of supply chain resilience. As the success of the entire food supply chain depends on the prosperity of farms and local communities, the direct climate change risks faced by the agricultural sector are also risks to businesses and food supply chains. Hence, the importance of resilience at farm level, community level and business level when looking at food supply chain policy and management. Attention is given to each phase of the supply chain: input production, agriculture, food processing, retailing, consumption and post-consumption. The book integrates various approaches related to sustainability, resilience and climate adaptation drawing from environmental management, environmental policy, agro-ecology, sociology and behavioral sciences. European case studies demonstrate the vulnerabilities of contemporary food supply chains, the opportunities and competitive advantages related to climate change, and the trans-disciplinary challenges related to successful climate adaptation. The authors argue for a redefinition of the way food supply chains are operated, located and coordinated and propose a novel approach enhancing climate-resilient food supply chain policy and management"--
Natural toxicants in food
Talking about food : an investigation to consumers' word-of-mouth discussions in relation to food products
Essentials of the microbiology of foods : a textbook for advanced studies
Quality control for the food industry. Vol. 1
The literature review dealt with the principles and methods for the evaluation of the quality of raw meat and meat product in different aspects. The factors influencing the quality of meat products were also involved. A new type of muscular dystrophy in broiler Musculus pectoralis, wooden breast, has been found in broilers. The dystrophy results in fibrinogenesis and thus local hardening in the muscle, but poses no health risk in human consumption. The aim of the study was to explore the maximal percentage of wooden breast that can be used in the meat products without causing a perceived quality defect. In the preliminary tests, wooden breast was incorporated with normal meat in different percentages to make sausage and chicken nuggets. Different methods of comminuting were also applied in the processing of wooden breast. The quality of the products was evaluated through the measuring in different aspects. Comparison was made between normal products and products containing wooden breast, so that a maximal addition percentage of wooden breast was obtained. The results of the preliminary test were later verified in the pilot plant. The addition of wooden breast increased the shear force and binding strength of the sausage and finely chopped chicken nuggets but resulted little change on the shear force and binding strength of the ground chicken nuggets. The pH, redness, and yellowness of all types of products declined with the wooden breast treatment. Lightness of the products was increased by wooden breast. Through the verification in the pilot plant, sausage and two types of chicken nuggets allow the addition of wooden breast to replace at least 15% and 30% of the lean meat in the recipe, respectively. Due to the low incidence of the dystrophy, that high additions will not be necessary in the practice.
Buyer power and competition policy in food supply chains has emerged as an important economic issue and a highly sensitive item on the policy agenda around the world. In Finland, the increasing concentration of the distribution sector and processing industry has raised concern over the existence and gradual growth of buyer power in these sectors. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the possible existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain. More specifically, we follow an approach used by Lloyd et al. (2009) to measure oligopsony power among the Finnish food industry and retailers against farmers. The results suggest that the spread between producer and retailer prices in Finland is not consistent with perfectly competitive behaviour, and might thus be caused, at least as a candidate amongst other factors, by the existence of oligopsony power in the Finnish food supply chain.
Public participation in technology assessment in France
Nourishing broth : an old-fashioned remedy for the modern world
Voting for environmental policy under income and preference heterogeneity
Evaluation of a separative rearing method of the mealworm beetle for protein production
Food safety and food quality
Chilled : how refrigeration changed the world, and might do so again
Color of foods
A method for indirect measurements of thermal properties of foods
The challenge of LC/MS/MS multi-mycotoxin analysis : Heracles battling the Hydra?
Food facts
MTT Raportti = MTT Report = MTT Rapport
Introduction to food toxicology
Foodborne human isolates of Salmonella and Shiga toxin -producing Escherichia coli of domestic origin in Finland
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Changes in bacterial population and antimicrobial resistance during cold storage in conventional and organic raw milk
Mendel in the kitchen : a scientist's view of genetically modified foods
Consumers' attitudes towards food prices
Sugars and organic acids in berries and fruits consumed in Finland during 1988-1989
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Functional foods : concept to product
Modification of commercial poly-lactide for extrusion coated food packaging applications
Between 2007 and 2008, the world experienced a dramatic swing in commodity prices. Eastern and Southern African countries experienced considerable difficulties due to the price food swing. The food price boom resulted in increased poverty and significant food security problems as households struggled to meet the high cost of food. The decline in exports due to weak demand, decreased foreign investment and migrant remittances, as well as high unemployment all added to the burden of already vulnerable African Countries. Policy reactions to the food price surge have been prompt in many developing countries. The key objective of this title is to discuss feasible approaches for the economic management of food price booms and slumps. As a first step to policy assessment, the paper also reviews the nature of the food price swing, analyzes its impact on both household and wider economy levels and examines the policies that have been, or are currently being implemented in Eastern and Southern Africa.--Publisher's description.
Food & people
Functionalisation of spruce O-acetyl-galactoglucomannans for barrier and composite applications
The wheat trap : bread and underdevelopment in Nigeria
Characterisation of antibiotic-resistant psychrotrophic bacteria in raw milk
Fluid milk consumption and demand response to advertising for non-alcoholic beverages
Lower gastrointestinal microbiota in health and irritable bowel syndrome : characterisation and effect of probiotic intervention
Marketing Strategy for the International Food Shop Keidas    : Marketing Strategy: Keidas Food Shop or Intercultural Corporation Limited Liability Company
Sustainable protein production and consumption : pigs or peas?
Kitchen of the world
Statistical methods for food science : introductory procedures for the food practitioner
Microbiota of an unpasteurised cellar-stored goat cheese from northern Sweden
Future challenges in professional kitchens II : reports of seminar presentations
Altered genes, twisted truth : how the venture to genetically engineer our food has subverted science, corrupted government, and systematically deceived the public
The effect of leakage on the quality of gas-packed foodstuffs and the leak detection
Combined compendium of food additive specifications : all specifications monographs from the 1st to the 65th meeting (1956-2005). Vol. 1-3, Food additives
This paper examines the vertical price transmission of banana and orange prices in Finland using import and consumer price series from years 1998-2009. Considering the stationary behaviour of the price series, the dynamic relationship between import and consumer price is investigated by Autoregressive Distributed Lag (ADL) models and Error Correction Models (ECM). The results show that the vertical price transmission is symmetric both with banana and orange. However, the analysis concentrates on the speed of adjustment towards the equilibrium of prices. Due to linearity of the model it does not take into account the magnitude of the price change.
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens : interpretative summary
Variety seeking behavior in a food buying context
The composition of foods
Juice processing : quality, safety and value-added opportunities
Viability of Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in human gastrointestinal tract and its molecular and biochemical identification after fermented vegetable consumption
The biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria with emphasis on applications in food safety and human health
Abstract: Applicability of oxygen absorbers and gas emitters in food packages.
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland - 2008 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
A study of the concentration, prices and mark-ups in the distribution of food products. 1, General approach and methodology for the analysis of price structures
A complete course in canning : and related processes : 3. Processing procedures for canned food products
Letter of the commissioner of agricultureto the Hon. Jno. W. Johnston, chairman of the committee on agriculture, U. S. senate on sorghum sugar
Contents of dietary fiber and inositol phosphates in some foods consumed in Finland
Handbook of food process design. Vol. 1-2
Encyclopedia of agricultural science : vol. 1-4
Study of trends in world supply and demand of major agricultural commodities : report by the Secretary-General
Cook Korean! : a comic book with recipes
Isolation and identification of rainbow trout spoiling microbiota
Evaluation of certain veterinary drug residues in food : seventy-fifth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Contribution of livestock to food production in developing countries
Plastic film technology. Vol. 1, High barrier plastic films for packaging
Retail price levels and concentration of wholesalers, retailers, and hypermarkets
Ab Me Group Oy Ltd catering management managerial issues
Moulds, toxins and food
Quantity food purchasing
Market research in the Finnish food industry
Food additives and the consumer : manuscript finished in April 1979.
Principles of food chemistry
Impacts of ozone pollution on food security in the UK : a case study for two contrasting years, 2006 and 2008
Internationalisation of a service company : case: The Turquoise Holiday Company
Demand for functional foods that offer therapeutic and disease-prevention properties is globally increasing. Barley presents an opportunity in this regard due to its high antioxidants and dietary fiber contents. Barley wholegrain and milling fractions were investigated in terms of phenolic acids composition, scavenging capacity against DPPH and ABTS radicals and inhibition of human LDL oxidation in vitro. Ferulic and p-coumaric were the primary phenolic acids in wholegrain and pearled fractions accounting for 43-97% and 2-55% of total phenolic acids, respectively. This wide range demonstrates significant differences among barley wholegrain or pearled products. Antioxidant capacities also varied significantly among barleys with the hulless cultivars tested exhibiting the greatest. The outer layers fraction showed higher scavenging capacity against ABTS and DPPH radicals and inhibitory effects toward LDL oxidation compared with the endosperm fractions. The results suggest that the outer layer and hull fractions would potentially provide promising sources of natural antioxidants.
Contaminant aerobic sporeforming bacteria in the manufacturing processes of food packaging board and food
What can the Finnish food chain be proud of? Views on value added factors in the Finnish food chain.
HPLC analysis of plant sterol oxidation products
Vietnamese Functional Food Market Research : case study: Raisio Benecol & the Vietnamese Cardiovascular Health Market
Development of microbial analysis : faster detection and business opportunities
Development of enhanced analytical methodology in pesticide chemistry
Cultured food for life : how to make and serve delicious probiotic foods for better health and wellness : [kefir, kombucha, cultured vegetables, sprouted flour, sourdough]
Improving Finnish Agricultural exports to South Korea
This qualitative study reports on lactic acid bacteria (LAB), yeasts and moulds isolated from three artisanal Swedish cellar-stored goat cheeses aged for 1, 3 and 5 months. Starter culture LAB dominated in the younger cheeses, and Leuconostoc pseudomesenteroides, common in raw goats' milk, had persisted from the unpasteurised milk into all the cheeses. Non-starter LAB dominated in the 5 month cheese, in particular, Lactobacillus sakei, a meat-associated LAB not previously isolated from cheese. Debaryomyces hansenii, and Penicillium and Mucor species were dominant among the yeasts and moulds, respectively. The cheese rind was not formed primarily from Penicillium species as in traditional cheeses such as Camembert - rather, mycelium from Mucor mucedo contributed to rind formation. Mould species known to produce sterigmatocystin, aflatoxins or ochratoxin A in cheese were not isolated in this study; growth of mycotoxigenic Aspergilli may have been inhibited by the cool conditions in the earth-cellar (4-6 °C).
The food safety handbook : (Level 2)
Foodstuffs and medicines as legal categories in the EU and China. Functional foods as a borderline case
An operations management perspective on waste management
in a food processing factory
Combined compendium of food additive specifications : all specifications monographs from the 1st to the 65th meeting (1956-2005). Vol. 4, Analytical methods, test procedures and laboratory solutions used by and referenced in the food additive specifications
Our troubles with food: fears, fads and fallacies
Food Scanner : barcode reader
Foodstuffs and medicines as legal categories in the EU and China : functional foods as a borderline case
Climate change adaptation and food supply chain management
Take off the heater : utility effect and food environment effect in food consumption decisions
Pure food and pure food legislation : [papers of the 1960 centenary conference]
Risk assessment of microbial problems and preventive actions in food industry : 2nd Open Seminar arranged by Safoodnet, Food Safety and Hygiene Networking within new member states and associated candidate countries, FP6-022808-2006, Istanbul, Turkey, October 22-23, 2007
Shelf life testing of chilled foods : a list of references
Critical issues on food marketing systems in developing countries : report of the OECD/FAO joint seminar, Paris, 18-22 October 1976.
Codex Alimentarius Commission : Procedural manual
Proceedings of the 3rd Nordic aroma symposium : june 6...8, 1972 Hämeenlinna, Finland
The Baltic environment, food and health: from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Phenolic acids and antioxidant properties of barley wholegrain and pearling fractions
Nordic food aid
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
Journal of food distribution research
Overview on different sterilization techniques for baby food
Market orientation : transforming food and agribusiness around the customer
Identifying the driving forces behind price fluctuations and potential food crisis
Ozone pollution : a hidden threat to food security :report prepared by the ICO Vegetation
Rural transport of food products in Latin America and the Caribbean
Decent rural employment for food security : a case for action
Oxidation of α-lactalbumin peptides with and without procyanidins
Leak-proof heat sealing of press-formed paperboard trays
FAO diversification booklet
Campylobacteriosis, the most common bacterial food-borne disease worldwide, is mainly caused by Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli. Most studies have focused on the genetic diversity of C. jejuni, but little is known about C. coli. The aim of this work was to characterize C. coli from different sources, by evaluating the distribution and/or diversity of certain genetic markers. A total of 145 C. coli isolates from different sources (2 goose,18 poultry, 35 human and 90 swine) were screened for fucP, ggt, cytC, sialyltransferases genes and CRISPRs. Additionally, the diversity of the LOS loci and of the CRISPRs, were assessed. A frequency of 90.34% was observed for fucP and CRISPRs among C. coli. Conversely, the frequency of GGT phenotype, and cytC, and cst-I genotype was 1.38%, while cst-V genotype was 0.69%. Only one isolate was positive for all markers except fucP; no source association was observed. LOS and CRISPRs exhibited a wide diversity. In conclusion, ggt, fucP, and cytC seem to be lineage related in C. coli, and not host associated. CRISPRs were too discriminatory to be of use in epidemiological investigations. Results suggest a high diversity of the LOS, and there may exist more classes than those previously described.
Manuals of food quality control. 9, Introduction to food sampling
Superfood soups : a how to book
Sugars and organic acids in berries and fruits consumed in Finland during 1987-1989
The professional food buyer : standards, principles, and procedures
Consumption in rural Bangladesh : households, lifestyles, and identities
Strategy statement on action to avert the protein crisis in the developing countries : report of the Panel of Experts on the Protein Problem Confronting Developing Countries, United Nations Headquarters, 3-7 May 1971.
Approaches to folyl polyglutamate analysis
Twenty years of selenium fertilization, September 8-9, 2005, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Quality control in fruit and vegetable processing
Detection and identification of harmful microbes : 1st Workshop arranged by Safoodnet, Food Safety and Hygiene Networking within new member states and associated candidate countries, FP6-022808-2006, Brno, Czech Republic, December 10-12, 2007
Contamination routes and control of Listeria monocytogenes in food production
Microbial contaminants & contamination routes in food industry : 1st open seminar arranged by Safoodnet - Food Safety and Hygiene Networking within new member states and associated candidate countries; FP6-022808-2006 : Espoo, Finland, January 22-23, 2007
Food safety legislation and control in the Russian federation : practical experiences
Trends of consumer behavior now and in the future in the grocery business
Encyclopedia of food microbiology
Migration of substances from paper and board food packaging materials
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : seventy-fourth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Functional properties of food components
Proceedings of the ERIAFF conference : 'sustainable food systems : multi-actor co-operation to foster new competitiveness of Europe'
The global food crisis, its causes and consequences
Väriaineet, synteettiset, vesiliukoiset : Nestekromatografinen määrittäminen elintarvikkeista = Colours, synthetic, water-soluble = Liquid chromatographic determination in foods
Viscoelastic properties of foods
Ecolabels and the greening of the food market
The Baltic environment, food and health : from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
A Diderot pictorial encyclopedia of trades and industry. Volume two
Sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermented spontaneously using mineral salt, garlic and algae
Measurements in the rheology of foodstuffs
The marketing strategies of the French wine exporters
Quality control in the food industry. Vol. 1
FAO/WHO guide for developing and improving national food recall systems
Food process design
Salt content labelling of foods in supermarkets in Finland
Competitive strategy : Sorrin Puutarha
The food safety information handbook
