http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6598 tunnel construction
tunnel construction
100 greatest manmade wonders
Road tunnel lightning : common nordic guidelines
Encyclopedia of bridges and tunnels
The official Channel Tunnel : factfile
Places of power : the aesthetics of technology
I wonder why tunnels are round : and other questions about building
Technology innovation in underground construction
Road lighting : fundamentals, technology and application
Introduction to tunnel construction
Rock excavation handbook for civil engineering
Yielding cable bolt for mechanized cable bolting
The city in ancient Israel
Ventilation of road tunnels
Proceedings of the international geotechnical conference : Development of urban areas and geotechnical engineering, June 16-19, 2008, Saint Petersburg : [Vol. 1-2]
Hard rock tunnel grouting practice in Finland, Sweden, and Norway : literature study
Eurotunnel : the illustrated journey
Kantakaupungin kallioresurssikartta = Stamstadens bergresurskarta = Inner city rock resource map
Standard handbook for civil engineers
Under the ground
The seventy architectural wonders of our world : amazing structures and how they were built
Rock : sound of countless opportunities
Atlas of improbable places : a journey to the world's most unusual corners
Art of earthmoving : equipment and methods
Geological engineering
Study of rock damage caused by tunnel boring at Äspö hard rock laboratory
Ancient technology : Finnish Institute at Athens : symposium held 30.3.-4.4.1987, Helsinki 1990.
The builders : marvels of engineering
Access all areas : a user's guide to the art of urban exploration
A short course in soil-structure engineering of deep foundations, excavations and tunnels
Great modern structures : 100 years of engineering genius
Handbook of underground drilling
"Interpreting a geological setting for the purposes of engineering design and construction requires knowledge of geological engineering and engineering geology, leading to integrated engineering solutions which take into account both ground conditions and environment. This textbook, extensively illustrated, covers the subject area of geological engineering in four sections: 1. Fundamentals: soil mechanics, rock mechanics and hydrogeology; 2. Methods: site investigations, rock mass characterization and engineering geology mapping; 3. Applications: foundations, slope stability, tunnelling, dams, reservoirs and earth works, and 4. Geohazards: landslides, earthquake hazards and prevention and mitigation of geological hazards. The book can serve as a basic reference work for practising engineering geologists, geological and geotechnical engineers, geologists, civil and mining engineers and those professionals involved in design and construction of foundations, tunneling, earth works and excavations for infrastructures, buildings, mining operations, etc. As a textbook it develops an extensive teaching programme of geological engineering and is designed for undergraduate and postgraduate students and academics. Covering basic concepts up to the newest methodologies and procedures used in geological engineering. The book is illustrated with many educational working examples and graphical materials".
