http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6597 bibliometrics
bibliometrics
Citation analysis in research evaluation
This book gives an overview of altmetrics, its tools and how to implement them successfully to boost and measure research outputs. New methods of scholarly communication and dissemination of information are having a huge impact on how academics and researchers build profiles and share research. This groundbreaking and highly practical guide looks at the role that library and information professionals can play in facilitating these new ways of working and demonstrating impact and influence. Altmetrics focuses on research artefact level metrics that are not exclusive to traditional journal papers but also extend to book chapters, posters and data sets, among other items. This book explains the theory behind altmetrics, including how it came about, why it can help academics and where it sits amongst current measurements of impact. Editor Andy Tattersall draws on the expertise of leading altmetric innovators and practitioners, with chapters from Euan Adie, the founder of Altmetric.com; William Gunn, the Head of Academic Outreach at Mendeley and Ben Showers, author of the bestselling Facet title Library Analytics and Metrics. Readership: Altmetrics will empower library and information professionals working in higher education, researchers, academics and higher education leaders and strategists to develop the skills and knowledge needed to introduce and support altmetrics within their own institutions.--Publisher website.
Introductory concepts in information science
Annual review of information science and technology
Following the footnotes : a bibliometric analysis of citation patterns in literary studies
The Publish or Perish book. Part 3, Doing bibliometric research with Google Scholar
Bibliometric mapping as a science policy and research management tool
Applied informetrics for information retrieval research
Meaningful metrics : a 21st century librarian's guide to bibliometrics, altmetrics, and research impact
Representations of science and technology : proceedings of the International Conference on Science and Technology Indicators, Bielefeld, Federal Republic of Germany, 10-12 June 1990
Literature and bibliometrics
Bibliometrics : new dimensions and latest trend
Scholarly publishing patterns in Finland : a comparison of disciplinary groups
Prometheus assessed? : research measurement, peer review, and citation analysis
The web of knowledge : a Festschrift in honor of Eugene Garfield
Measuring academic research : how to undertake a bibliometric study
Scientific writing for impact factor journals
The Publish or Perish book. Part 1, A guide to the software
Publish or Perish. This old adage illustrates the importance of scientific communication; essential to research, it also represents a strategic sector for each countrys competitiveness. An often-neglected topic, scientific communication is of vital importance, with new information technologies accelerating and profoundly changing how knowledge is disseminated. The necessity of optimally disseminating experts findings has also become crucial to researchers, institutes and universities alike, which has prompted the recent advent of Impact Factors for the evaluation and financing of research, the goal being for scientific knowledge to be equally distributed to a very broad audience, especially to the media, entrepreneurs and socio-political players. This handbook presents the golden rules for publishing scientific articles. In order to do away with major recurring errors, the author explains how to easily structure an article and offers support for the typical mistakes made by native French speakers publishing in English, tips on how to make the style more academic of more general to fit your intended readership and, in the books closing section, suggests new publishing techniques of the Internet age such as the micro-article, which allows researchers to focus their findings into a single innovative point. The major principles presented can be applied to a broad range of documents such as theses, industry reports, publicity texts, letters of intent, CVs/resumes, blogs and press releases, as all of these documents involve presenting information on advances, discoveries, innovations, or changes to our previous knowledge.
Statistical methods in dental research, with special reference to time-to-event methods
Bibliometrics and citation analysis : from the Science citation index to cybermetrics
Multidimensional journal evaluation : analyzing scientific periodicals beyond the impact factor
Introduction to webometrics : quantitative web research for the social sciences
The publish or perish book : your guide to effective and responsible citation analysis
Measuring information : an information services perspective
Science mapping and research evaluation : a novel methodology for creating normalized citation indicators and estimating their stability
On the measurement of research performance : the use of bibliometric indicators
Internationalization and homogenization : a bibliometric study of international management research
Co-production of scientific knowledge : research collaboration between countries, universities and individuals
Summary in Dutch.
Information science in transition
Informetrics through advanced data management : complex object restructuring, data aggregation and transitive computation
The combined application of bibliographic coupling and the complete link cluster method in bibliometric science mapping
International evaluation of research and doctoral training at the University of Helsinki 2005-2010
This book examines the problems, pitfalls and opportunities of different models of assessing research quality, drawing on studies from around the world. Aimed at academics, education officials and public servants, key features include an overview of the argument of whether research should be assessed and how should research quality be determined. The book offers a survey of research assessment models in the US, UK, Japan and New Zealand and includes an examination of citation analysis, and comparison between the different models.
The Publish or Perish book. Part 2, Citation analysis for academics and administrators
The evaluation of research by scientometric indicators
Bibliometrics has moved well beyond the mere tracking of bibliographic citations. The web enables new ways to measure scholarly productivity and impact, making available tools and data that can reveal patterns of intellectual activity and impact that were previously invisible: mentions, acknowledgments, endorsements, downloads, recommendations, blog posts, tweets. This book describes recent theoretical and practical advances in metrics-based research, examining a variety of alternative metrics -- or "altmetrics" -- while also considering the ethical and cultural consequences of relying on metrics to assess the quality of scholarship. Once the domain of information scientists and mathematicians, bibliometrics is now a fast-growing, multidisciplinary field that ranges from webometrics to scientometrics to influmetrics. The contributors to Beyond Bibliometrics discuss the changing environment of scholarly publishing, the effects of open access and Web 2.0 on genres of discourse, novel analytic methods, and the emergence of next-generation metrics in a performance-conscious age. Contributors : Mayur Amin, Judit Bar-Ilan, Johann Bauer, Lutz Bornmann, Benjamin F. Bowman, Kevin W. Boyack, Blaise Cronin, Ronald Day, Nicola De Bellis, Jonathan Furner, Yves Gingras, Stefanie Haustein, Edwin Henneken, Peter A. Hook, Judith Kamalski, Richard Klavans, Kayvan Kousha, Michael Kurtz, Mark Largent, Julia Lane, Vincent Larivire, Loet Leydesdorff, Werner Marx, Katherine W. McCain, Margit Palzenberger, Andrew Plume, Jason Priem, Rebecca Rosen, Hermann Schier, Hadas Shema, Cassidy R. Sugimoto, Mike Thelwall, Daril Vilhena, Jevin West, Paul Wouters.
Bibliometrics : a bibliography and index. Volume 1, 1874-1959
Scholarly communication and bibliometrics
The identity and frontline of archaeology : mixed notes from a BSAAN seminar
The past, present and future of the impact factor and other tools of scientometrics : (their use in comparing the scientific quality of researchers, journals, institutions, and countries)
Altmetrics : a practical guide for librarians, researchers and academics
Incentives and performance : governance of research organizations
A bibliometric study of Finnish science
Dictionary of bibliometrics
New directions for academic liaison librarians
Beyond bibliometrics : harnessing multidimensional indicators of scholarly impact
Development of research networks : the case of social capital
Striving for excellence : Aalto University research assessment excercise 2009 and bibliometric analysis 2003-2007 : project report
Scientometrics have become an essential element in the practice and evaluation of science and research, including both the evaluation of individuals and national assessment exercises. This book brings together the theories that guide informetrics and scholarly communication research. It is a timely and much needed compilation by leading scholars in the field, and covers all aspects that guide our understanding of authorship, citing, and impact.
Reviews the principles, methods and indicators of scientometric evaluation of information processes in science and assessment of the publication activity of individuals, teams, institutes and countries. The book provides scientists, science officers, librarians and students with basic and advanced knowledge on evaluative scientometrics. Key features include: written by a highly knowledgeable and well-respected scientist in the field; provides practical and realistic quantitative methods for evaluating scientific publication activities of individuals, teams, countries and journals; and gives standardized descriptions and classification of the main categories of evaluative scientometrics. Readership include: Researchers, practitioners and students, both at undergraduate and postgraduate level in scientometrics, library and information sciences or science policy, as well as scientists who are interested in information processes in science and science policy.
Measurement in information science
Research merits : Learn to evaluate your own scientific activity using basic bibliometerics tools
Comparing research at Nordic universities using bibliometric indicators : a publication from the NORIA-net "Bibliometric indicators for the Nordic universities"
The international visibility of Danish and Scandinavian research 1988-1996 : a general overview of science & technology and the social sciences by online publication analysis
Altmetrics for information professionals : past, present and future
Systematic search and evaluation of published scientific research : implications for schizophrenia research
The challenge of scientometrics : the development, measurement, and self-organization of scientific communications
Theories of informetrics and scholarly communication : a Festschrift in honor of Blaise Cronin
The cognitive paradigm : cognitive science, a newly explored approach to the study of cognition applied in an analysis of science and scientific knowledge
Cartography of science : scientometric mapping with multidimensional scaling methods
The future of the academic journal
Finnish science in international comparison : a bibliometric analysis
Conceptual and theoretical underpinnings in the research of corporate political activity: A bibliometric analysis
Statistical methods in psychiatric research, with special reference on factor analysis
Research Assessment Exercise report 2014 : international evaluation of research at the University of Oulu
Comparing research at Nordic universities using bibliometric indicators : second report, covering the years 2000-2012
This book outlines how to undertake a bibliometric study, a topic of vital importance in academic research today. Scientometrics studies scientific productivity and can be applied to all disciplines. Many analyses have been applied in relation to bibliometric studies, but few have shown how to actually carry out the analysis. This book provides a guide on how to develop a bibliometric study, from the first step in which the topic to study has to be set, to the analysis and interpretation. Key features include: a practical and easy to read guide on how to carry out a bibliometric study; gives a wide and up-to-date view about the most common scientometric indexes; and analyses are illustrated with multiple and practical examples about their application. Readership include: Lecturers and graduate students from many disciplines who are interested in carrying out a bibliometric study in their specific area. The book can also be used as a tool for the study of Scientometrics in general. Moreover, it is of interest to researchers who need information about the bibliometric indicators of their area of study and also require a brief guide on how to apply the main analyses of this science.
Power laws in the information production process : Lotkaian informetrics
Scholarly communication in library and information services : the impacts of open access journals and e-journals on a changing scenario
Bibliometrics : an annotated bibliography, 1970-1990
