http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p660 customs duties
customs duties
Customs valuation
Import process from Asia : Case: Afrodite Oy
Compilation of early warning indicators for foreign trade employing a cut-off survey
Antitrust law : an economic perspective
Suomen ulkomaankauppa. Osa 2 = Utrikeshandel för Finland. Del 2 = Foreign trade of Finland. Volume 2
International economics : theories, themes and debates
Her Majesty's customs and excise
Export savvy : from basics to strategy
Law and its limitations in the GATT multilateral trade system
Foreign trade documents : a qualitative study of export document chains and problem
Temporary admission of goods to Russia : ATA Carnet vs. temporary import
Economic analysis for international trade negotiations : the WTO and agricultural trade
Tullipiirit 1.9.1992 = Tulldistrikten 1.9.1992 = Customs districts 1.9.1992
Classification of chemicals in the customs tariff of the European Communities. Vol. 7, (List in six languages)
Private finance for roads
Suomen ulkomaankauppa. Osa 1 = Foreign trade of Finland. Volume = Utrikeshandel för Finland. Del 1
Trading blocs : alternative approaches to analyzing preferential trade agreements
Abstract.
Looking beyond tariffs : the role of non-tariff barriers in world trade
Importation of educational, scientific and cultural materials : a guide to the operation of the "Florence Agreement" and its protocol : adopted respectively by the General Conference of Unesco at Florence in 1950 and at Nairobi in 1976.
Implementing the Uruguay Round
Intian paperiteollisuus hakee hallitukselta tullien alennusta = Indian paper industry seeks government approval for import duty reductions
Simplification of customs procedures : reducing transaction costs for efficiency, integrity, and trade facilitation
Developing obsolete material sales : exports to consignment agreement partners from China
Statistics on offences and coercive measures
Transfer pricing and customs valuation : two worlds to tax as one
European Union law for international business : an introduction
Export process of meat products from Finland to Russia
Svenska tullhus = Swedish customs houses
Developing inbound logistics at PerkinElmer Turku site
A comparative note on the Sound toll registers, Stockholm customs accounts, and Dundee shipping lists, 1589, 1613-1622
Abstract:.
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
'Winter-tyres-for-a-flower-bed' : shuttle trade on the Finnish-Russian border
Customs unions and national budgets
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 6, Technical barriers in the EC : an illustrstion by six industries
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 4, The "Cost of Non-Europe" : border-related controls and administrative formalities : an illustration in the road haulage sector
Improvement of import clearance process : case: Microsoft Mobile Oy
The role of federal courts in U.S. customs & international trade law
Tariffs, taxes and electronic commerce : revenue implications for developing countries
EC customs law
The political economy of the world trading system : the WTO and beyond
The theory of customs unions : a general equilibrium analysis
Finnish customs investigation report
International trade policies : the Uruguay round and beoynd. Vol. 1, Principal issues
Theory of customs unions
Customs procedures in Finland : a user's guide
Taxation in Finland 2009
Regulations governing the movement of horses and dogs within the European Union
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
The wealth of states : a comparative sociology of international economic and political change
Export process to the United States of America
Customs and excise cases
Export guidelines to the Russian Federation: risks and technical obstacles : case study: Nokian Tyres Plc.
Tariffs and the East Asian financial crisis
The customs policy of the European Union
Taxation in Finland
The GATT Uruguay round : a negotiating history (1986-1992). Volume 1, Commentary
Training course on customs valuation
The aim of this thesis was to improve and ease the customs clearance process for corporate X's channel specialists. The main objective was to increase the number of direct clearances without increasing the number of amendments and complaints. All corporate X's shipments are declared by a forwarding agency. In this case direct clearances means that the customs declaration has been handled by a forwarding agent who has no need to ask customs clearance instructions from the corporate X's channel specialists. The practical part of this thesis includes complementary sheets for the forwarding guide which was made by Minna Raussi on her thesis in 2014. One of those sheets consists information a forwarding agency can use when clearing one of corporate X's vendor's shipments through customs. Another sheet includes material descriptions and codes which were collected from several commercial invoices to ease the definition of CN-codes in the shipments. In addition, a reporting tool was updated to meet the requirements for a weekly follow-up better. The theoretical part includes import activities and aspects that must be considered when declaring goods from the third countries. The stages of this thesis were preparation, monitoring and analyzing. The complementary sheets were made as preparation in August and the monitoring period lasted for four months from the beginning of September till the end of December. Analyzing was made during and after the monitoring period. The results and improvements were evaluated together with the channel specialists. There were undeniable facts that improvements made in August increased the number of direct clearances on the monitoring period.
Internal market : current status 1 July 1994. Vol. 2, The elimination of frontier controls
Customs clearance and supply chain design : focus on supply chain lead-time and cost : case environment China
Understanding the world economy: global issues shaping the future
Analysis and development of the freight forwarding business
The customs union issue
Customs procedures in Finland
Generalized system of preferences : scheme of Finland
The customs law of the European economic community
Completing the internal market : current status in 1 January 1992. Vol 2, The elimination of frontier controls
Advantages and disadvantages of international  contract manufacturing : The opportunities for Finnish companies in Russia
The economics of preferential trade agreements
The purpose of this thesis was to increase the efficiency of Nokia's logistic specialists. The main objectives were to increase the number of direct clearances and to decrease the amount of amendments and complaints. Direct clearances means that the whole customs declaration has been handled without the consignee's participation. In Nokia's case this means that a forwarding agency handles the whole customs clearance. The practical part of this thesis includes a forwarding guide and the theoretical part describes import activities in general and more detailed information that is introduced in the guide. The information for this thesis has been gathered by observing and interviewing relevant employees at Nokia and DHL. The stages of this thesis were preparation, monitoring and analyzing the gathered information. Preparation included the making of the guide. The monitoring period lasted for five months and after that the development had to be analyzed. The guide is a separate Excel worksheet but the thesis includes some pictures and other information taken from the guide. The theoretical part creates a frame for the guide and opens up the terms used in the guide. The last part of the thesis concentrates on results and conclusions, including some future plans. The results for this thesis were notable. All the goals were reached and all the parties were satisfied with the results.
Improvement of customer service through logistics activities : case: OOO Kemppi
Protectionism and the European community : import relief measures taken by the European economic community and the member states and the legal remedies available to private parties
World Trade : Toward Fair and Free Trade in the Twenty-first Century
45-day regulation for temporarily stored goods
Executive summary (s. 11-17).
Simplification of customs procedures : toward closer cooperation and trade expansion
Effects of the Finnish-Russian timber tariff : views of Finnish companies
Community customs law : a guide to the customs rules on trade between the (enlarged) EU and third countries, with value added tax upon importation and exportation
The market for non-traditional agricultural exports
Some trade liberalisation options for Sri Lanka : looking beyond SAARC
Maritime transport solutions between Russia and the EU
How to manage with customs and documents in Russian trade and transport
Integrated tariff of the European Communities (TARIC)
The impact of further tariff reduction on the EU sugar sector in the forthcoming multilateral round
The GATT Uruguay round : a negotiating history (1986-1992). Volume 2, Commentary
European customs inventory of chemicals : a guide to the tariff classification of chemicals in the combined nomenclature
The multilateral trading system : analysis and options for change
Excise duty tables : situation at 01-01-1992
The customs law of Asia
Implementing electronic export system
Provisions implementing the community customs code : position on 1.11.1994
Importing home decorating accessories from China to Finland
Economic integration in Central America : empirical investigations
Understanding the freight business : a quick-reference manual for all those engaged in the operational aspects of forwarding cargo from producer to consumer
International trade policies : the Uruguay round and beoynd. Vol. 2, Background papers
Binding tariff information on CD-ROM : trade version
International trade institutions
Improving trade procedures between the EU and Russia
Importing home decorating accessories from India to Finland
Which consumers benefit from congestion tolls?
Annexes to the provisions implementing the Community Customs Code : position on 1.11.1994
Tariffs in world seafood trade
The Customs Union of the European Economic Community
Customs valuation : commentary on the GATT customs valuation code
European Union Harmonized Excise Taxation : Occasional Importation Process
General equilibrium of international discrimination : the case of customs unions
The manifestations of preferential trade : rules of origin and customs tariffs
ICC guide to incoterms 2000 : understanding and practical use
Internal market : current status in 1 January 1993. Vol. 2, The elimination of frontier controls : control of goods, control of individuals, value-added tax, excise duties
Forwarding guide for Nokia Finland
World tariff profiles
Import process from Asia : case Afrodite Oy
Cost Savings on Container Import Process
