http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6602 protective equipment
protective equipment
Development of active noise control and voice communication systems for personal hearing protectors
Tulityöturvallisuus. Osa 2: Standardit : Safety in hot works. Part 2: Standards
Industrial safety and environment
Clothes for the job : catalogue of the collection in the Science Museum, [London]
Summary: Managing static electricity through the STAHA technology programme.
Puhtausalan työturvallisuus : tavoitteena nolla tapaturmaa = Work safety in the cleaning industry : our goal: zero accidents
Evaluation of surgical gloves for perforations following oral and maxillofacial surgery
Latex gloves : protection or health risk to health care workers
7th European Seminar on Personal Protective Equipment, Saariselkä Finland, 19-21.1.2005 : seminar report
Henkilönsuojainten varmentaminen CE-merkillä = Certification of personal protective equipment with the CE marking
Textiles for protection
10th European Seminar on Personal Protective Equipment : 26 - 28 January 2010, Saariselkä Tunturi Hotel, Lapland, Finland : seminar report
Non occupational noise : sources, exposure and effects on hearing
Eye injuries in ball - and raquet sports : frame protection to prevent them
Summary.
Cervical loading analysis of fighter pilots : studies on cumulative loading, contributing factors and interventions
Hazardous materials in the histopathology laboratory : regulations, risks, handling and disposal
Koneiden turvallisuus. Osa 3, Suojukset, turvalaitteet, hätäpysäytys, odottamattoman käynnistymisen esto = Safety of machinery. Part 3, Guards, protective devices, emergency stop, prevention of unexpected start-up
Hearing conservation among classical musicians : needs, means, and attitudes
Personal protective equipment (PPE) : useful facts in relation to directive 89/686/EEC
Imperial Russian field uniforms and equipment 1907-1917
Safety equipment and working behavior
Sports vision
Protective clothing and equipment for use in violent situations and in training. Part 2, Guidance on risk assessment and on the selection, use, cleaning and maintenance of protective clothing and equipment
Chemical protection '92 : proceedings of Symposium on Chemical Protection '92 19-20.05.1992 Hotel Rosendahl, Tampere
Concepts of scrubbing, gowning and gloving
Protective clothing and equipment for use in violent situations and in training. Part 1, General requirements
The situation in the PPE sector in light of the revision of the PPE Directive : 11th European Seminar on Personal Protective Equipment, 24-26 January 2012, Santa's Hotel Tunturi, Saariselkä, Finland
The effect of filter solidity and face velocity on the penetration and pressure drop of fibrous aerosol filters operated in the inertial interception regime
Encyclopedia of environmental control technology. Volume 9, Geotechnical applications, leak detection, treatment options
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 3, Suojukset, turvalaitteet, hätäpysäytys, odottamattoman käynnistymisen esto = Guards, protective devices, emergency stop, prevention of unexpected start-up
Hearing conservation among among classical musicians : needs, means and attitudes
Tulityöturvallisuus = Safety in hot works. Osa 2, Standardit = Standards
Plan-B - smoke mask for self-rescue from fires
NBC defence '97 : proceedings of Symposium on NBC Defence '97, 10-12 June 1997, Hotel Rantasipi Sveitsi, Hyvinkää, Finland
Tulityöturvallisuus = Safety in hot works. Osa 2 = Part 2, Standardit = Standards
8th European Seminar on Personal Protective Equipment, 27-29 March 2007 in Saariselkä, Lapland, Finland : seminar report
Correct choice of latex gloves
Proceedings
Work and the eye
Requirements for working clothes and personal protective equipment in forestry
9th European Seminar on Personal Protective Equipment : 29-31 January 2008 in Spa Hotel Levitunturi, Levi, Kittilä, Finland : seminar report
Nordisk marknadskontroll av personlig skyddsutrustning = Nordic market control of personal protective equipment
The evolution of working clothes and personal protective equipment as the last line of defence - an introduction to the seminar
FPA-testing system for working clothes and safety equipment in Germany - future requirements
NBC Defence '94 : proceedings of Symposium on NBC Defence '94, 25.-26.05.1994, Hotel Keurusselkä, Keuruu, School of NBC Defence, Keuruu, Finland
Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 12, Hitsauksen työturvallisuus = Health and safety in welding
This thesis investigates possibilities to design an improved product for self-rescue from fires to help to reduce the number of deaths caused by fire. The work was commissioned by a product design company "Meso" based in Glasgow, United Kingdom. The primary idea was to design a survival kit for offices. The first thing to study was what kind of product would meet the needs of the market. The project started by researching the available products on the market, fires and human behaviour in emergencies. The Internet, different articles and interviews were used as an information source. The definition of product design was created based on the research to pinpoint the limitations of the design process. The background investigation revealed a market gap for a small easy to use product of good quality. It also showed that the product does not require other accessories except carbon monoxide filter and goggles with a safety colour head strap. The product was designed into a foldable, compact and easy to use package. The design was carried out using sketch models and Computer Aided Design (CAD). The prototype was made using 3D printing technology. The future of the project would require more developing and testing of the prototype and further manufacturing and commercializing of the final product.
Protective gloves of polymeric materials : experimental permeation testing and clinical study of side effects
Encyclopedia of environmental control technology. Vol. 8, Work area hazards
Finnish Consumer Agency's guidelines for the promotion of safety for equestrian services
Useful facts in relation to the personal protective equipment (PPE) : directive 89/686/EEC
Suojavaatetus : sanasto = Protective clothing : vocabulary
Seminar on clothing and safety equipment in forestry : proceedings of a Seminar on Clothing and Safety Equipment in Forestry held in Kuopio, Finland June 27 - July 1, 1994.
Occupational pulmonology
Military aviation noise : noise-induced hearing impairment and noise protection
Healing jewellery, thought transmitter jewellery & personal space jewellery : imaginary jewellery futures concepts combining technology and bioarts
Vuoden teollinen muotoilija Jyrki Järvinen = Industrial designer of the year
Acute acoustic trauma in Finnis Defence Forces in 2003.
This package is aimed at ships' officers and similar shore-based personnel whose duties include the use of portable gas detectors. It explains that portable gas detectors are a vital part of safety procedures. They must be used, and used properly, when it's appropriate. It's to the individual's personal benefit and the benefit of the people they work with or control. Many people forget that some spaces on ships and in terminals - cargo or gas tanks, for instance - are, under normal circumstances, totally unable to support life for one reason or another. That, not unnaturally, makes them very dangerous environments. There are any number of ways in which a space can become hazardous. The package covers many of the most common and shows how portable gas detectors can help. Set on board various types of ship, including tankers and cargo ships and ashore in terminal, the package shows a wide range of equipment, including modern devices and older designs which are still widely used. The package covers the three main areas in which portable gas detectors are used: detecting flammable gases, toxic gases, and checking for oxygen - usually to ensure that the air is safe to breathe. Each of these is covered in a separate section. Typical situations are featured in each. The package explains why gas detectors are used in each of these three areas. It also highlights the need to make sure that each person watching and the people with whom they work are safe...
A breath of fresh air : portable gas detectors
Seminar on Clothing and Safety Equipment in Forestry, June 27 - July 1, 1994, Kuopio, Finland : abstracts
Maxillofacial and dental injuries in contact team sports
Infection prevention and control : theory and clinical practice for healthcare professionals
