http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6614 reptiles
reptiles
Reptile medicine and surgery
Illustrated encyclopaedia of the reptiles of India
Animals of Asia & Australia : a visual encyclopedia of amphibians, reptiles and mammals in the Asian and Australian continents, with over 350 illustrations and photographs
Recent herpetological literature
First encyclopedia of animals
Barron's exotic pets handbook  : a family guide to buying, caring for, and breeding unusual pets
A guide to the reptiles of Belize
Animal cytogenetics. Vol. 4, Chordata 3 : A. Reptilia
The fascinating world of snakes
Natural history of the Katharine Ordway Preserve-Swisher Memorial Sanctuary, Putnam County, Florida. Parts 1-2
Herpetology of Europe and Southwest Asia : a checklist and bibliography of the orders Amphisbaenia, Sauria and Serpentes
The proper care of reptiles
Corn snakes
Likely consequences of forest management on terrestrial, forest-dwelling vertebrates in Oregon
Zoogeography of the Swedish amphibians and reptiles with notes on their growth and ecology
Bearded dragon : your happy healthy pet
Thailand : The east
The mini-atlas of snakes of the world
A handbook of global freshwater invasive species
A complete guide to reptiles of Australia
Flying dinosaurs : how fearsome reptiles became birds
Everything you need to know about snakes and other scaly reptiles
The little brainwaves investigate... ; Animals
Snakes : a natural history
Snakes of the world
British journal of herpetology
Do you know... the most slimy, scaly, deadly reptiles and amphibians... in the world?
Reptiles and amphibians of Europe
Hidden wonders : the small 5005 of Southern Africa insects, spiders, frogs, reptiles
Self-assessment colour review of reptiles and amphibians
Life in cold blood
"An informative guide that covers all aspects of keeping corn snakes, including health, caging, feeding, and breeding, plus a glossary for expressions familiar to the hobbyist community"--.
CROCODILES AND ALLIGATORS
Incredible creatures
The illustrated encyclopedia of pterosaurs
All about lizards
Effects of calcium on the in vitro contractility of some non-mammalian vertebrate myocardia during hypoxia, acidosis and temperature variations
Exotic pet handbook : a guide to buying, caring for and breeding unusual pets
Influence of transport infrastructure on nature
Terrariums for your new pet
Diseases of amphibians and reptiles
A field guide to the amphibians and reptiles of Madagascar
Rainbow boas and neotropical tree boas
The summit herpetofauna of Auyantepui, Venezuela : report from the Robert G. Goelet American Museum-Terramar Expedition
Deadly factbook. Reptiles and amphibians
BSAVA manual of exotic pets : a foundation manual
Veterinary diagnostic imaging : birds, exotic pets, and wildlife / Charles S. Farrow
Lizards rare & common
Anaesthesia of exotic pets
Infectious diseases and pathology of reptiles : color atlas and text
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Reptilia. Vol.2, (Sauria)
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Reptilia. Vol. 1 , (testudines and crocodilians)
Alligators & crocodiles : a portrait of the animal world
50 really exotic pets : a fur-and-feather-free guide to the most lovable tarantulas, tortoises, snakes, frogs, lizards and other creatures
Herpetology : an introductory biology of amphibians and reptiles
Come on an amazing journey around the world, seeking out the weirdest and most wonderful animals! From the heights of the Himalayas to the deepest depths of the Pacific ocean, explore these 21 exciting places and meet the animals who live in them. Visit the jungle caves of Borneo, the Australian outback, the Arctic ice floes and many, many more!
The atlas investigation of amphibians and reptiles in Denmark
Pocket guide to the reptiles and amphibians of East Africa
Biology of the Reptilia. Vol. 3, Morphology C
New Holland reptile and amphibian guide
Encyclopedia of snakes
Field guide to amphibians and reptiles of the San Diego region
Guidelines for use of live amphibions and reptiles in field research
The reptiles of Maryland and the District of Columbia
Protein facts : fibrous proteins in cultural and natural history artifacts
Snakes of India
Guide to lizards : more than 300 essential-to-know species
Manual of exotic pet practice
Companion animals : their biology, care, health, and management
The illustrated guide to freshwater fish & river creatures : a visual encyclopedia of aquatic life featuring 450 species : includes 500 detailed illustrations, photographs and maps
Designer reptiles and amphibians
A descriptive list of the sea-snakes in the Indian Museum
The reptiles of China : turtles, crocodilians, snakes, lizards
Birds, mammals and reptiles of the Galapagos Islands : an identification guide
Discover snakes
Breeding and keeping geckos
Extreme danger in the wild
An annotated bibliography of the land and fresh-water reptiles of South America (1758-1975). Vol. 2, (1901-1975)
The reptiles of the Western Palearctic : annotated checklist and distributional atlas of the turtles, crocodiles, amphisbaenians and lizards of Europe, North Africa, Middle East and Central Asia
A beginner's guide to terrariums
Animals. Volume 3, Reptiles, amphibians, and fish
Crocodiles and Alligators
World's wildest animals
A guide to the identification of the amphibians and reptiles of the West Indies exclusive of Hispaniola
The questions & answers manual of reptiles and amphibians
Exotic pet handbook : a family guide to buying, caring for and breeding unusual pets
The concise illustrated book of reptiles
Mapping of Swedish reptiles and amphibians
The great orm of Loch Ness : a practical inquiry into the nature and habits of water-monsters
Reptiles & amphibians
Handbook of veterinary pain management
Living snakes of the world in colour
The age of reptiles
Reptiles of the world : the crocodilians, lizards, snakes, turtles and tortoises of the eastern and western hemispheres
The snake
The anatomy of Effigia okeeffeae (Archosauria, Suchia), theropod-like convergence, and the distribution of related taxa
Cave life
Snakes and reptiles
Encyclopedia of pets & pet care : the essential family reference guide to pet breeds and pet care
The reptiles of northern and central Europe
The Galápagos : a natural history
The ultimate encyclopedia of small pets and petcare : the essential family reference guide to caring for the most popular pet species and breeds, including small mammals, birds, herptiles, invertebrates, and fish
Coccidioidomycosis : Sixth International Symposium
The book of Indian reptiles
Poisoners and pretenders
The reptiles of Ohio
Herpetofauna of the Yutajé-Corocoro Massif, Venezuela : second report from the Robert G. Goelet American Museum-Terrramar Expedition to the northwestern Tepuis
"Barrron's Reptile and Amphibian Keeper's Guides pack a great deal of information into a small format that also features instructive charts and color photos. This title describes the brilliantly colored and harmless corn snake and its many subspecies that are native to North America and Europe. They tend to do well in captivity when their owners observe the basics of proper housing, feeding, and general care"--.
Focus on reptiles
Lizards and snakes
Lizards in captivity
Key to amphibians and reptiles
Manual of reptiles
Introduction to herpetology
Explore the deadly world of bugs, snakes, spiders, crocodiles and hundreds of other amazing reptiles and insects : the dramatic lives and conflicts of the world's strangest creatures shown in 1500 amazing close-up photographs
The encyclopedia of animals : a complete visual guide
The status of Swedish amphibians and reptiles
Southern Africa : South Africa, Namibia, Botswana, Zimbabwe, Swaziland, Lesotho, and Southern Mozambique
Good snakekeeping : [a comprehensive guide to all things serpentine]
Crocodiles & alligators of the world
Bearded dragons : everything about purchase, care and nutrition
Dictionary of herpetology : A brief and meaningful definition of words and terms used in herpetology
Systematics and biogeography of Iranian Plateau agamids (Reptilia: Agamidae)
Endocrine disrupting chemicals
Amphibians and reptiles
Pythons : everything about purchase, care, nutrition, and behavior
Lizards of the world
Biology of the Reptilia. Vol. 1, Morphology A
Mammals, reptiles & amphibians of Britain & Europe
Atlas of amphibians and reptiles in Europe
Reptile clinician's handbook : a compact clinical and surgical reference
The amazing animal adventure : An around-the-world spotting expedition
Reptiles and amphibians
Guide to living reptiles
Need to know? : Exotic pets : expert advice on buying and caring for unusual pets
My first Britannica. 11 : Burds, insects, reptiles and aquatic life
Estonian birds and animals
