http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6612 reviews (literary works)
reviews (literary works)
The Penguin guide to jazz on CD, LP & cassette
From the seeds of rediscovered texts come new fields of inquiry
Jerrold J. Katz: Language and other abstract objects
The fiction of reality
Words and things : a critical account of linguistic philosophy and a study in ideology
Booknotes
The film buff's bucket list : the 50 movies of the 2000s to see before you die
Study of present day folk poetry
Dancers and critics
Agee on film. 1, Reviews and comments by James Agee
Localizing modernity and reconstructing social theory
Value creation through online travel reviews on TripAdvisor : case of hotels in Helsinki
"Have you seen...?" : a personal introduction to 1000 films : [masterpieces, oddities and guilty pleasures (with just a few disasters)]
Two pioneers of Altaic studies in a biographical retrospective
New York review of books : e-lehti
Hagarism Revisited
The afterlife of Edgar Allan Poe
Online review management in hotel industry
Galactic ramble : a peregrination through British rock, pop, folk and jazz of the 1960s and 1970s
American drama criticism : interpretations 1890-1977
Delving into the past of Central and East Asia
Ray C. Jackendoff : The languages of the mind
New views on shamanism
Mystery train : images of America in rock 'n' roll music
Partial Differential Equations in Classical Mathematical Physics
The Uralic languages in a South  European context
In response to the significant increase of judgment and judgmentalism in contemporary film and television, A Critique of Judgment in Film and Television investigates the evolving connections between the aesthetics and ethics of judgment. The volume ultimately contemplates whether we should, and can, do without judgment, questions that are just the beginning of a much-needed re-examination. The individual contributions of the collection all work towards a very specific focus on judgment that is unprecedented in its transdisciplinary composition and contemporary relevance. By exploring examples of entertainment that aim to instigate judgment, A Critique of Judgment in Film and Television advances the as yet underdeveloped area of research into television and philosophy.
Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho : a casebook
101 essential rock records : the golden age of vinyl from The Beatles to The Sex Pistols
Shaw on music : a selection from the music criticism of Bernard Shaw
Dawn of the dumb
Dynamics of ethnicity in Tanzania
Crisscross around the world
Irruptive discourse and conflicted curiosity
The critical Muse : selected literary criticism
A study of Martin Heidegger's engagement with the philosophy of Plato. Examines how Heidegger's understanding--and misunderstanding--of Plato can help in assessing Heidegger's own philosophical program.
HUMOUR. Polite, pensive, mature, reserved ...Charlie Brooker is none of these things and less. Picking up where his hilarious Screen Burn left off, "Dawn of the Dumb" collects the best of Charlie Brooker's recent TV writing, together with uproarious spleen-venting diatribes on a range of non-televisual subjects - tackling everything from David Cameron to human hair. Rude, unhinged, outrageous, and above all funny, "Dawn of the Dumb" is essential reading for anyone with a brain and a spinal cord. And hands for turning the pages.
Trace and transformation : American criticism of photography in the modernist period
How to locate reviews of plays and films : a bibliography of criticism from the beginnings to the present
Science-fiction movies
Better living through criticism : how to think about art, pleasure, beauty and truth
Northern European prehistory, from below
The best rock and roll records of all time : a fan's guide to the stuff you love
Defining Islam : a reader
Appraisal in online reviews of South Park : a study of engagement resources used in online reviews
Gramophone film music good CD guide
Trevor Pateman: Language in mind and language in society
No abstract
A hybrid perspective between worlds
A Review of Wight, Jonathan B.: 2002. Saving Adam Smith: A Tale of Wealth, Transformation, and Virtue.
Film musings : a selected anthology from Fanfare magazine
Once upon a time in the north
The evolution of religion
Expletives deleted : selected writings
The artist as critic : critical writings of Oscar Wilde
Judge this
The worst rock and roll records of all time : a fan's guide to the stuff you love to hate
Plato and Heidegger : a question of dialogue
Mythology as a key to historical ways of thinking
Northern European prehistory, from above
Finno-Ugric studies in Germany today : a documentary volume
Music at the limits
The changing faces of Amdo Qinghai
The Clash
Riddles of Finnish gender history
Book review : Migration and tourism - formation of new social classes
Manchuria: An ethnic history. Ethnic studies of Northeast Asia. Juha Janhunen
Excavating an extinct Finnic language
Roger Lass: On explaining language change
Power and politics in Finnish linguistics
Book Review: Sustainable Innovation : A New Age of Innovation and Finland's Innovation Policy by Hautamäki A.
Genuine and confused information about Central Siberian languages
Non-linguistic philosophy
The Forbidden stitch : an Asian American women's anthology
A critique of judgment in film and television
A chrestomathy of the Nganasan language
A new anthology of Finno-Ugrian oral poetry
Reel history : the world according to the movies
The Old Testament between theology and history : a critical survey
Book notices
Reviews. 5
Masten, Ann S., Liebkind, Karmela and Hernandez, Donald  J. (eds.) (2012) Realizing the potential of immigrant youth, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 445 pp
Towards a more comprehensive picture of the outcomes of language contact
Book Review: Reframing Organizations: Artistry, Choice, and Leadership
Classic rock : All Music Guide reaquired listening : features 1000 albums
How to build a girl
Nemzetközi marketing : book review of Rekettye G., Fojtik J. (2003) Nemzetközi marketing (International marketing), Dialóg Campus Kiadó, Budapest-Pécs, May 2004
The new Rolling Stone record guide
Myths and facts in Uralic linguistic
An old Selkup wordlist made into a modern Selkup dictionary
The critics
In(ter)discipline : new languages for criticism
Asian affairs in recent handbooks
Windows into other worlds
Short notes
The concertgoer's companion. Volume 1, Bach to Haydn
Ballet old and new
The feminist spectator in action : feminist criticism for the stage and screen
Placing movies : the practice of film criticism
