http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6620 Sylviidae
Sylviidae
Vad vet vi om den? = What do we know about it?
Insects of Iran : the list of Coleoptera in the insect collection of Plant Pests & Diseases Research Institute. 24, Coleoptera: Cucujoidea: Fam. (120): Coccinellidae
Nuutajärvi : 200 vuotta suomalaista lasia = 200 years of Finnish glass
Don't cook Cinderella
Ecology of Coccinellidae
What the ladybird heard next
THE ZOO IN THE GARDEN
Profiles : pioneering women architects from Finland
Why fairy tales stick : the evolution and relevance of a genre
Unika glas fra Finland : Danmark = Unique glass from Finland : Denmark, 1984 / Kunstflidforeningen i Finland = by the Finnish Society of Crafts and Design
The bad-tempered ladybird
Veistoksia luonnossa = Skulpturer i natur = Sculpture in the garden : Gallen-Kallelan Museo, Tarvaspää, Espoo, 7.6. - 17.9.1978
Sylvia warblers
Changing focus in Finnish war literature
Summary: The efficiency of Coccinella hieroglyphica as a means of biologically controlling  Galerucella "nymphaeae" which attacks the cloudberry and cultivated strawberry in northern Finland, was studied by cage experiments in a greenhouse...
On the occurrence of the genus Hyperaspis (Col. Coccinellidae) in Fenno-Scandian countries
Bug detective : amazing facts, myths and quirks of nature
Modern women playwrights in Finland
Modern glass design : artists and designers
On the feeding biology of Coccinella hieroglyphica L.: (Col., Coccinellidae)
Blood parasites found in three passerine species during spring migration
Look out, ladybird
The gallow's bird
My world : glass artist and designer Kerttu Nurminen is not afraid of challenges
Kerttu Nurminen : retro in vitro - 30 years' mastery of colour, light and shade
The funny socks
The illustration and the text in one hand : multi-talented Sámi authors
Nuutajärvi : a glassworks with opportunities
Glass by Kerttu Nurminen on show in Venice
No beginning no end : the Sami speak up
Why don't worms have legs? : helping to explain nature
Warblers of Europe, Asia and North America
Máttaráhkká's granddaughters : the history of Sámi women writers
Hansel and Gretel
In front of a mirror
Kurkistus päiväkirjojen maailmaan : Kerttu Varjon päiväkirjat 1947-1962 = A look into the world of diaries : the diaries of Kerttu Varjo 1947-1962
Mad about minibeasts!
Patterns of evolution : species and speciation in Phylloscopus and Seicercus
In the woods
Acquatico II : 17.11.2006-21.01.2007 : Arabian museon galleria Helsinki
Quantitative genetics and genome structure in a wild population : the use of a great reed warbler pedigree
Handbook of the birds of Europe, the Middle East and North Africa : the birds of the Western Palearctic. Vol. 9, Buntings and new world warblers
The stranger
Sylvia warblers : identification, taxonomy and phylogeny of the genus Sylvia
The modern spirit : glass from Finland
Nuutajärvi : 200 vuotta suomalaista lasia = Nuutajärvi : 200 years of Finnish glass / [toimittaja = editor: Tuula Poutasuo ; työryhmä= project team: Päivi Jantunen, Kaisa Koivisto, Osmo Pasanen ; kirjoittaja = contributors: Jyrki Maunula, Birgitta Lindqvist-Mathiesen, Liisa Räsänen, Oppi Untracht, Tuula Poutasuo, Kaisa Koivisto, Carla Enbo
All situations were occasions for stories
Summary: Coccinella hieroglyphica, a species known to be aphidophagous, fed commonly on eggs and larvae of the chrysomelid beetle Galerucella in northern Finland during a mass occurrence of the latter...
Experiments on biological control of leaf beetles (Col., Chrysomelidae) on the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.)
Ecology and management of tef epilachna (Chnootriba similis Thunberg, Coleoptera, Coccinellidae) in Ethiopia
Beetle is shy
Hansel and Gretel : a darkly brilliant fairytale
Habitat use by Moltoni's warbler Sylvia cantillans moltonii in Italy
Popular imagination or Indo-European roots
Ladybug girl : and the bug squad
Literary necrology 2001.
Costs, benefits and strategies for females in a polygynous mating system : a study on the great reed warbler
Finnish birds. 3, Blyth's reed warbler - viitakerttunen
Favourite mixed up fairy tales
The 3rd Kochi International Triennal Exhibition of Prints
Suomen lasi elää = Finnish glass lives
