http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6628 air conditioning
air conditioning
Shop manual for automotive heating and air conditioning
Industrial safety and environment
Ashrae handbook : heating, ventilating, and air-conditioning : applications
Climatologie et conservation dans les musées. Climatology and conservation in museums
Hazardous Area Ventilation in Gas and Diesel Power Plant
Modeling an electrostatic air cleaning system in the paper industry
Overall plan of an air conditioning system based on chilled water
Water, sanitary and waste services for buildings
Modern diesel technology : heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration
The purpose of this graduation thesis was to study the operational principles of a ship air conditioning system, as well as the rules and related requirements. In addition, the system design related dimensioning calculations and principles were considered. This graduation thesis was commissioned by Foreship Ltd and will become a standard design guideline for the HVAC department. Furthermore, it will also be applied to other air conditioning related projects as well as being educational material for new employees. The air conditioning design of a new building cruise ship is divided into several phases. At the very beginning of the project, the air conditioning supplier prepares the DI & I drawings for the classification approvals. The second step is the basic design phase when the single line diagrams are prepared by the air conditioning supplier. The third and final design a phase is detail design when all earlier phase information is collected into the very detailed installation drawings and prefabrication drawings This graduation thesis focuses on the DI & I and basic design. The air conditioning system of a cruise ship operates in very challenging climates due to the high temperature and high humidity in the outdoor areas.The graduation thesis presents the air treatment process starting from air intakes through the air handling unit into the served space. The graduation thesis is also a starting point for a standardization project of Foreship Ltd HVAC department. The future target is to produce similar guidelines for the accommodation piping related systems as well.
Direct digital control of building systems : theory and practice
Cold air ventilated and sealed storage of wood-chips from willow : laboratory experiments
Maintaining thermal conditions in exhibition of Russian Museum and Archive of Mikkeli
A future view of air-conditioning
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 2
Survey and mitigation of occupational radon exposure in underground workplaces
Principles of heating ventilating and air conditioning : a textbook with design data based on the 2013 ASHRAE handbook fundamentals
Content formulations to obtain initial flow rates for ventilation duct system flow analyses
Type of ventilation system in office buildings and sick building syndrome
Ventilation for acceptable indoor air quality
Automatic controls : CIBSE commissioning code C
WellBeing Indoors : Clima 2007, 10-14 June, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings CD-ROM
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 1
Energy saving of central air-conditioning and control system : Case study: Nanchang Hongkelong Supermarket
Heat pump systems : a technology review
Roomvent 2007, 13-15 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : Scanvac conference : proceedings, abstract book
Home Automation : Smart home technology and template house design
Automotive air-conditioning and climate control systems
Energy conseravation and climate control in museums : submitted to the Getty Conservation Institute ... / by Getty Conservation Institute. Scientific Program ; Ayres Ezer Lau Consulting Engineers
Learning from experiences with industrial ventilation
Sustainable solar housing Volume 2 : exemplary buildings and technologies
1001 ideas for bathrooms : the ultimate sourcebook : fixtures, accessories and decorative treatments
Heat and mass transfer analogy studies of binary liquid mixture in comparison with ethanol-n-heptane evaporating to air
Environmental science in building
Extract and cleaning of contaminated air in commercial kitchens : Ultraviolet technology
Green remodeling : your start toward an eco-friendly home
Preliminary thermodynamic design of a stirling cooler for mobile air conditioning systems : technical report
The Rehva European HVAC Journal
Design methodology of industrial air technology
Performance of displacement ventilation at Pori Works Ltd
The impact of air tightness of the building envelope on the efficiency of ventilation systems with heat recovery
Energy-wise landscape design : a new approach for your home and garden
Ventilation of buildings
Optimal control of greenhouse cultivation
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011.
New refrigerants for air conditioning and refrigeration systems
Ashrae pocket guide to air conditioning, heating, ventilation and refrigeration
Calculation of sensible heat and moisture loss from housed cattle using a heat balance model
Building services handbook
Refrigerating systems : CIBSE commissioning code R
Modeling indoor air pollution
ASHRAE handbook. 2004, Heating, ventilating, and air-conditioning systems and equipment
Ventilation and air-conditioning of electrical equipment rooms : handbook of Industrial Air Technology Applications
ASHRAE handbook : fundamentals
Renovation of Ventilation and Air-conditioning System in Old Russian Museums
Air flows in building components
Design of a Solar Thermal Powered Cooling System
Heating, ventilating, and air conditioning : analysis and design
Energy Efficiency -  Assessment and  Analysis of  Energy Consumption at  TAMK Kuntokatu 3 Campus
Indoor air quality and HVAC systems
Geothermal HVAC : green heating and cooling
Industrial  ventilation : a manual of recommended practice
Building ventilation : theory and measurement
A design guideline for a cruise ship air conditioning system
Building services engineering
Energy efficiency in focus : REHVA workshops at Clima 2007 : Helsinki, Finland 10-14 June 2007
Influences on air quality and odor from mechanically ventilated swine finishing buildings in Illinois
Industrial ventilation : engineering principles
Seminar presentations, January 1996, Helsinki
Indoor air : an integrated approach
Development of emulation methods
Encyclopedia of hotel, tourism and hospitality management in the 21st century. Vol. 6, Foodservice operations
Making the building breathe
ASHRAE handbook : 1996 heating, ventilating, and air conditioning systems and equipment
Air-conditioning America : engineers and the controlled environment, 1900-1960
Ventilation rate in office buildings and sick building syndrome
Environmental control principles : a textbook supplement to the ASHRAE handbook 1985 fundamentals volume
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 5
Roomvent 2007 : Scanvac Conference 13-15 June 2007, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 1.
Air Conditioning : A practical introduction
Automotive technology : principles, diagnosis, and service
Roomvent 2007 : Scanvac Conference 13-15 June 2007, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 2.
Refrigeration and air-conditioning
Industrial Ventilation Programme Invent : projects, companies, research institutes 1996
Post-Installable Automatic Adjustment Device for Air Conditioner
Progress in modern ventilation : proceedings of the Ventilation 2000, 6th International Symposium on Ventilation for Contaminant Control, 4-7 June 2000, Helsinki, Finland. Volume 2
Industrial ventilation : technical solutions
Preliminary thermodynamic design of a stirling cooler for mobile air conditioning systems : Technical report
Thermal environmental conditions for human occupancy
Nordtest method. NT VVS
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 3
Influence of kinetic energy sources and internal obstructions on room air conditioning strategy, efficiency of ventilation and room velocity conditions
Air conditioning for video casette recorders
Computerized environmental control in greenhouses : a step by step approach
Ashrae handbook : applications
Air conditioning : a practical introduction
The complete photo guide to home repair
Relative humidity and temperature pattern book : a guide to understanding and using data on the museum environment
Ship air conditioning : basis of design and calculation
Ventilation and airflow in buildings : methods for diagnosis and evaluation
Effect of outdoor air quality on indoor air
ASHRAE pocket guide for air conditioning, heating, ventilation, refrigeration
Design of a solar thermal powered cooling system
Mitigating the adverse impact of particulates on indoor air
Low energy cooling for sustainable buildings
Integration of building cooling with existing district heating systems
Abstract: Simulation of HVAC flow noise.
Raumlufttechnische Anlagen für Küchen = Ventilation equipment for kitchens
Air-conditioning systems design manual
Ventilation and air-conditioning of electrical equipment rooms : handbook of industrial air technology (DGB) applications : draft manuscript
Industrial ventilation : a manual of recommended parctice for design
Dental and otologic problems in cleft lip and palate patients from Northern Finland:cleft associated problems
Refrigerating machinery and air conditioning plant
Environmental Science in Building covers the science, technology and services that relate to the comfort of humans and the environmental performance of buildings. This popular text is designed to be useful, at all levels, to students and practitioners of architecture, construction studies, building services, surveying, and environmental science. This edition has been thoroughly updated and the contents reorganised to ensure optimum presentation and understanding of topics. The contents include: climate and the built, environment, human environmental comfort, insulation and energy use in buildings, air control in buildings, artificial and natural lighting, noise control and sound insulation, electricity generation and supply, water supplies and waste water treatment, carbon and energy management in construction, resource conservation and sustainability in construction, sick buildings and green buildings. Key features are: Clear and accessible text layout for ease of use, Clear explanations of principles and technologies, Up-to-date practice and world-wide trends incorporated, Minimum prior knowledge of science and mathematics assumed, Worked examples displayed and explained step-by-step, Large resource sections of supporting information and references.
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and troubleshooting of hydronic HVAC systems
Indoor air quality engineering
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 5.
Faber and Kell's heating and air-conditioning of buildings
Ventilation systems : design and performance
"A textbook with design data based on the 2013 ASHRAE handbook of fundamentals"--
Industrial ventilation : design guidebook. Promotion material 1
Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning (HVAC)control systems are omnipresent in modern buildings. This book is an introduction to all those involved in the specification, design, manufacture, installation, operation or maintainance of these systems. The book explains: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams. Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications.The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols .DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning After completing this course, you will understand: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams.Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications. The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols. DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning.
The object of this thesis was to examine the design principles of ship air conditioning systems in accommodation spaces regarding the standardized dimensioning, and to create a design tool that suits for this purpose with Microsoft Excel 2010. In order to give the reader a general overview of the subject, the beginning of this thesis concentrates on introducing general air conditioning systems onboard and various components related to them. After this, the basis of calculation for ship air conditioning regarding heat loads and air quantities is presented. The dimensioning of air conditioning systems is based on the international standard ISO 7547:2002, which is generally used in ship building projects. The created design tool functions according to the standard`s specifications and formulas. As the outcome of this thesis, a complete design tool is introduced. It enables a faster and more consistent way of performing heat load and air quantity calculations, and reporting to clients. The thesis was made as an assignment of Foreship Ltd.
Advances in building energy research
Heating, piping, air conditioning engineering
Mechanical ventilation installations : guidelines
A guide to sustainable architecture including its features such as sustainable energy, sustainable building materials, building placement and more
Air distribution systems : CIBSE commissioning code A
VDI 2078 : Berechnung der Kuhllast klimatisierter Räume (VDI-Kuhllsatregeln) = Cooling load calculations of air-conditioned rooms (VDI cooling load regulations)
Mechanical supply and exhaust ventilation in high rise residential buildings in Russia
Museums, environment, energy : a publication of the Museums & Galleries Commission with the support of the Energy Efficiency Office
Energy efficient, smart and healthy buildings : REHVA Workshops at CLIMA 2013 Prague, Czech Republic, 17-19 June 2013
Design of energy efficient ventilation and air-conditioning systems / N. Brelih (ed.), Olli Seppänen, Thore Berthilsson, Mari-Liis Maripuu, Herve Lamy, Alex Vanden Borre
Construction methods, materials, and techniques
Industrial Ventilation Programme Invent : projects, companies, research institutes 1993
Handbook of ventilation for contaminant control
Building and HVAC system performance in practice: REHVA Workshops at CLIMA 2016 Aalborg, Denmark, 22-25 May 2016
A guide to automotive air conditioning systems
Managing indoor air quality
Progress in automotive climate control technologies
Home sanitation : a manual for housekeepers
Harvesting Condensed Water in Dry Areas
Principles of heating, ventilating, and air conditioning : a textbook based on the 1993 Ashrae handbook-fundamentals
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Design and Environmental Control of Tropical and Subtropical Greenhouses : Taichung, Taiwan April 15-18, 2001
Rehva workshops at clima 2005 : Lausanne, Switzerland 10-12 October 2005
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and trouble-shooting of hydronic HVAC systems
Introduction to building
Variable air volume systems for environmental quality
100 years of keeping cool
Roomvent 2007 : Scanvac Conference 13-15 June 2007, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 3.
Study of a vapor-compression air-conditioning system for jetliners
Fundamentals of HVAC control systems
Eco-interiors : a guide to environmentally conscious interior design
Towards healthier buildings - indoor air research in Finland
Air conditioning engineering
Sustainable Thermal Storage Systems : Planning Design and Operations
