http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6638 expulsion (punishments)
expulsion (punishments) expatriation (punishments)
Population losses in Estonia's Saaremaa county as a result of the first Soviet occupation
Exile and religious identity, 1500-1800
Ethnic cleansing in the USSR, 1937-1949
The making of embrace and exclusion : Isaiah 53 in the light of homecoming after exile
The house of the dead : Siberian exile under the tsars
The Island
The expulsion of the Jews from Spain
Orderly and humane : the expulsion of the Germans after the Second World War
Memories and reflections of the dispossessed : a collection of memoirs for the 60th anniversary of the Czechoslovak-Hungarian population exchange
Oath breaker
Stefa, a playwright, is called in for questioning by the Party committee after an unknown girl, Linda B., is found dead with a signed copy of his latest book in her possession. Stefa remembers dedicating the copy to Linda's friend, who has since become his mistress. He soon learns that Linda's family, considered suspect, were banished from Albania and that the girl committed suicide. Gradually Linda's story unfolds: how she loved Stefa, and pretended to have cancer so she would be allowed back into the country to be near him, before succumbing to despair. Told through Stefa's eyes, Kadare keeps us guessing, making us share Stefa's concern without knowing what really happened after Linda's death.
The forceful relocation of citizens within a country : a case study of Lagos State, Nigeria
Finland and Siberia
From Georgia to the polar circle : the exalted exile
Wool
Death of kings
The boat to redemption
Exile to Siberia, 1590-1822 : corporeal commodification and administrative systematization in Russia
Gendernaâ teoriâ i istoričeskoe znanie : Gender theory and historical knowledge : materialy vtoroj naučno-praktičeskoj konferencii
Banished : common law and the rhetoric of social exclusion in early New England
Deportation nation : outsiders in American history
Exile, colonial space, and deterritorialized people in Eastern Indonesian history
The deportation regime : sovereignty, space, and the freedom of movement
Devil's Island : colony of the damned
The practical psychic self-defense handbook : a survival guide : combat psychic attacks, evil spirits & possession
Red notice : how I became Putin's no. 1. enemy
Midnight in the century
The traitor queen
A girl in exile : requiem for Linda B.
The island
In 1933, Victor Serge was arrested by Stalin's police, interrogated, and held in solitary confinement for more than eighty days. Released, he spent two years in exile in remote Orenburg. These experiences were the inspiration for Midnight in the Century, Serge's searching novel about revolutionaries living in the shadow of Stalin's betrayal of the revolution. Among the exiles - true believers in a cause that no longer exists - gathered in the town of Chenor, or Black Waters, are the granite-faced old Bolshevik Ryzhik, stoic yet gentle Varvara, and Rodion, a young, self-educated worker who is trying to make sense of the world and history. They struggle in the unlikely company of Russian Orthodox Old Believers who are also suffering for their faith. Against unbelievable odds, the young Rodion will escape captivity and find a new life in the wild. Surviving the dark winter night of the soul, he rediscovers the only real, and most radical, form of resistance: hope
The Death of Jüri Kukk: A Case Study in Erratic Repression
The dark room at Longwood : a voyage to St. Helena
The origin of ostracism. : asynthesis
Outcast
The black book of modern myths
The fatal shore
Finland's Holocaust : silences of history
Between shades of gray
In this pioneering volume, a group of "third generation" scholars subject the contested ligature between Finland and the Holocaust to critique. Finland's Holocaust: Silences of History traces the implications of antisemitism in Finland in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, through Finland's alliance with the Third Reich during much of World War II, to the complex negotiation with its wartime past. Taking up a range of issues - from cultural history, folklore, the arts, and sports, to the interpretation of military and national history - this collection examines how modern Finnish memory and the writing of history have both engaged and evaded the figure of the Holocaust. As the first English-language introduction to the changing position of Finland in contemporary international Holocaust historiography, Finland's Holocaust is essential reading for any student of antisemitism and the Holocaust, providing a critical perspective on the role of political and cultural historiography in modern Finland.
Ovid in exile : power and poetic redress in the Tristia and Epistulae ex Ponto
Pedro de Valencia and the Catholic apologists of the expulsion of the Moriscos : visions of Christianity and kingship
Strangers and misfits : banishment, social control, and authority in early modern Germany
An officer and a spy
A prison without walls? : Eastern Siberian exile in the last years of tsarism
American exorcism : expelling demons in the land of plenty
Writing exile : the discourse of displacement in Greco-Roman antiquity and beyond
Summary: Mass repressions in Estonia after world war II: sources and current state of research.
Did the east belong to the SS? : the realism of the SS demographic reorganization policy in the light of the germanization operation of SS- and Polizeiführer Odilo Globocnik
Yahwism after the exile : perspectives on Israelite religion in the Persian era : papers read at the first meeting of the European Association for Biblical studies, Utrecht, 6-9 August, 2000
States against migrants : deportation in Germany and the United States
Good people
Beyond memory : the Crimean Tatars' deportation and return
Purge : a novel
Soviet deportations in Estonia : impact and legacy : articles and life histories
Siberia : Mass deportations from Lithuania to the USSR
With dance shoes in Siberian snows
Death sworn
The Invention of exile
