http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6636 trading companies
trading companies
The worlds of the East India Company
Moving away from the subcontinental Indian mainland to the varied social ecologies of Sylhet, Cachar, Manipur, Jaintia, and Khasi Hills, this study offers a much-needed reframing of regional histories of South Asia. It explores the unsettled half-century from the 1790s to the 1830s when the British East India Company, in its attempt to control commercial trade routes connecting India, Burma, and China, strove to establish a colonial administration over the north-eastern frontiers. A region where the river courses shifted and cultivated fields turned into lakes in the monsoons, and seasonal changes required highly flexible and varied livelihood strategies, the East India Company stepped into the shoes of the existing Mughal administration with great difficulty. The book explores both the enabling and constraining conditions of climate and ecology to understand the role of daily administration in shaping subject formation. Challenging the conventional understanding of the founding of the colonial state in India, it reconnects histories of space and polities to provide rare insights into the lesser-known formative years of the East India Company rule.
Danish sources for the history of Ghana 1657-1754. Vol. 2, 1735 -1754
Dutch enterprise in the world bullion trade 1550-1800
Sailing for the East : history & catalogue of manuscript charts on vellum of the Dutch East India Company (VOC), 1602 - 1799
The great East India adventure : the story of the Swedish East India Company
Swedish aspirations and the Russian market during the 17th century
Opium and empire : the lives and careers of William Jardine and James Matheson
Oriental export market porcelain and its influence on European wares
English and Irish settlement on the river Amazon, 1550-1646
The Hansa : history and culture
Boundless worlds : an anthropological approach to movement
Forces of the Hanseatic League 13th-15th centuries
The Companion to the Hanseatic League discusses the importance of the Hanseatic League for the social and economic history of pre-modern northern Europe. Established already as early as the twelfth century, the towns that formed the Hanseatic League created an important network of commerce throughout the Baltic and North Sea area. From Russia in the east, to England and France in the west, the cities of the Hanseatic League created a vast northern maritime trade network. The aim of this volume is to present a 'state' of the field English-language volume by some of the most respected Hanse scholars. Contributors are Mike Burkhardt, Ulf Christian Ewert, Rolf Hammel-Kiesow, Donald J. Harreld, Carsten Jahnke, Michael North, Jörgen Sarnowsky and Stephan Selzer.
Merchants and revolution : commercial change, political conflict, and London's overseas traders, 1550-1653
The Geldermalsen : history and porcelain
Merchants of Canton and Macao : politics and strategies in eighteenth-century Chinese trade
Founding an empire on India's north-eastern frontiers, 1790-1840 : climate, commerce, polity
The spoils of conquest
Part 10 of the Utrecht Studies of the History of Cartography (EXPLOKART). The Vereenigde Oostindische Compagnie (Dutch East India Company) was for a period of 200 years responsible for the navigation material for the journey between the Netherlands and the Far East and the inter-Asian trade. In this book with the help of recovered archive materials a never published before overview is given of chart material that was used on a VOC-ship. All navigation charts of the VOC in the 17th and 18th century, drawn on vellum (of which many were traced in foreign collections), are described and analysed in an illustrated cartobibliography. In a supplement extracts of the |groot-journalen| of the |Kamer Amsterdam| are published. These give an unique view of the total expenses of the VOC on navigation. The extensive introduction gives more information on the history of the VOC, the chart makers, the routes, the navigation and the instruments.
Fortunes a faire : the French in Asian trade, 1719-48
The tobacco adventure to Russia : enterprise, politics, and diplomacy in the quest for a Northern market for English colonial tobacco, 1676-1722
The East Indiaman
The company and the shogun : the Dutch encounter with Tokugawa Japan
The English New England voyages 1602-1608
Enterprise & empire : merchant and gentry investment in the expansion of England, 1575-1630
The Company-State offers a political and intellectual history of the English East India Company in the century before its acquisition of territorial power. It argues the Company was no mere merchant, but a form of early modern, colonial state and sovereign that laid the foundations for the British Empire in India.
Between monopoly and free trade : the English East India Company, 1600-1757
The French East India Company and the trade of the Indian Ocean : a collection of essays
An annotated bibliography that traces the history of the East India Company by examining the printed materials issued during its first 185 years, from the award of Elizabeth I's Charter to the passing of William Pitt's India Act. It describes a range of printed items, from Parliamentary Acts to satirical poems
The Dutch trading companies as knowledge networks
Friends and rivals in the East : studies in Anglo-Dutch relations in the Levant from the seventeenth to the early nineteenth century
Those not Russian Russians : Finlanders & Russian-American Company's multiethnic Evangelical Lutheran Community in the North Pacific Region 1800-1871 with a postscript covering 1872-1930
The East India Company and army reform, 1783-1798
Power and profit : the merchant in medieval Europe
A companion to the Hanseatic League
Riches from Atlantic commerce : Dutch transatlantic trade and shipping, 1585-1817
Summary.
Ultima Thule : Arctic explorations
Exile in colonial Asia : kings, convicts, commemoration
B. I. : The British India Steam Navigation Company Limited
Moscow, Livonia and the hanseatic league 1487-1550
Nepal and the East India company
The East Indiamen
Bibliography of the East India Company : books, pamphlets and other materials printed between 1600 and 1785
Globalization and the colonial origins of the great divergence : intercontinental trade and living standards in the Dutch East India Company's commercial empire, c. 16oo-18oo
The strangler vine
The edge of the world : how the North Sea made us who we are
The Dutch East India Company : expansion and decline
Holmberg's etnographica sketches
Precious metals and commerce : the Dutch East India Company in the Indian Ocean trade
The company-state : corporate sovereignty and the early modern foundation of the British Empire in India
Companies and trade
The English East India Company : the study of an early Joint-Stock Company 1600-1640
Green imperialism : colonial expansion, tropical islands Edens and the origins of environmentalism, 1600-1860
From the grand duchy of Finland to Sitka, Russian America, territory of Alaska to Baku & Astrakhan on the Caspian Sea : the journeys of 3 women & 5 men 1859-1895
The English gentleman merchant at work : Madras and the City of London 1660-1740
Africans and Europeans in West Africa : Elminans and Dutchmen on the Gold Coast during the eighteenth century
Armenian merchants of the seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries : English East India Company sources
The embassy of Sir T. Roe to India
The English East India Company : the study of an early joint-stock company 1600-1640
Exile, colonial space, and deterritorialized people in Eastern Indonesian history
American bullion in the European world trade 1600-1800
Painting on porcelain : Composition and technique
Danish sources for the history of Ghana 1657-1754. Vol. 1, 1657-1735
