http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6639 exile
exile
One small suitcase
Independent practices : representation, location and history in contemporary visual art / ed. by Bryan Biggs, Angela Dimitrakaki and Juginder Lamba
In this groundbreaking biography, based on more than 10,000 hitherto unavailable letters and diary entries, Niall Ferguson returns to his roots as a financial historian to tell the story of the extraordinary Siegmund Warburg. A refugee from Hitler's Germany, Warburg rose to become the dominant figure in the post-war City of London and one of the architects of European financial integration. Seared by events in the 1930s, when the long-established Warburg bank was first almost destroyed by the Depression and then 'Aryanized' by the Nazis, Warburg was determined that his own bank would learn from the past and contribute to the economic recovery of Britain, the unity of Western Europe and the birth of globalization. Siegmund Warburg was a complex and ambivalent man, as much a psychologist, politician and actor-manager as a banker. In "High Financier", Niall Ferguson reveals Warburg's idiosyncracies but above all he recaptures the meticulous business methods and strict ethical code that set Warburg apart from the mere speculators and traders who inhabit today's financial world.
Hitler's exiles : personal stories of the flight from Nazi Germany to America
Exile and asylum
Tropical Versailles : empire, monarchy, and the Portuguese royal court in Rio de Janeiro, 1808-1821
Joseph Brodsky : a literary life
A place called freedom ; The Modigliani scandal
Double exile : migrations of Jewish-Hungarian professionals through Germany to the United States, 1919-1945
Re-mapping exile : realities and metaphors in Irish literature and history
Enduring exile : the metaphorization of exile in the Hebrew Bible
The red queen
Out of Iraq
Fables. Vol. 1 : legends in exile
Mohammed's journey : a refugee diary
George Grosz : the years in America 1933-1959
The funeral party
A game with sharpened knives
Exile in the Middle Ages : selected proceedings from the International Medieval Congress, University of Leeds, 8-11 July 2002
The Impossible Exile : Stefan Zweig at the end of the world
Watership Down
Ten steps to happiness : (in a safe and healthy world)
The man who would be Kipling : the colonial fiction and the frontiers of exile
Jesus, the tribulation, and the end of the exile : restoration eschatology and the origin of the atonement
Exiles in the city : Hannah Arendt and Edward W. Said in counterpoint
The saffron kitchen
The Count of Monte Cristo
TRUE WAR  & COMBAT STORIES. In the summer of 1962, one year after the rise of the Berlin Wall, a group of daring young West Germans risked prison, Stasi torture and even death to liberate friends, lovers, and strangers in East Berlin by digging tunnels under the Wall. Then, as the world's press heard about the secret projects, two television networks raced to be the first to document them from the inside, funding two separate tunnels for exclusive rights to film the escapes. In response, President John F. Kennedy and his administration, wary of anything that might raise tensions and force a military confrontation with the Soviets, maneuvered to quash both documentaries.
Estonian culture in exile : 10 years of Estonian cultural activities in Sweden, aims of Estonian cultural policy in exile, outlines of Estonian cultural policy
On grief and reason : essays
Roots and routes : life stories of exiled Hungarian women in Sweden
Exile and the narrative imagination
In the light of what we know
Documents the tragic story of intellectual, humanitarian and best-selling author Stefan Zweig to trace his rapid downfall after the rise of the Nazi party and the years of exile in various world regions that culminated in his 1942 suicide.
The philosophy steamer : Lenin and the exile of the intelligentsia
All for nothing
Mahmoud Darwish, exile's poet : critical essays
Weimar on the Pacific : German exile culture in Los Angeles and the crisis of modernism
Persepolis. 2 : [the story of a return] / [translation by Anjali Singh]
The eye of the falcon
Arendt and Adorno : political and philosophical investigations
The romanitic exiles
The morning gift
Monarchy and exile : the politics of legitimacy from Marie de Médicis to Wilhelm II
The Future of nostalgia
The house of journalists
Avignon of the popes : city of exiles
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
Great escapes : Alcatraz, the Berlin Wall, Colditz, Devil's Island and 20 other stories of daring, audacity and ingenuity
Princess of Thieves
The Dutch Revolt and Catholic exile in Reformation Europe
"This is [a] story of life, death and survival on the refugee trail. Throughout 2015 Patrick Kingsley ... travelled to 17 countries, meeting refugees making journeys across deserts, seas and mountains to reach the holy grail of Europe. [This book] reveals who these voyagers are, why they keep coming, and how they do it."--Back cover.
Grey Wolf : the escape of Adolf Hitler
Forced migration and global politics
The philosophy of war and exile : from the humanity of war to the inhumanity of peace
Princess of thieves
One September morning in 2008, an investment banker approaching forty, his career in collapse and his marriage unraveling, receives a surprise visitor at his West London townhouse. In the disheveled figure of a South Asian male carrying a backpack, the banker recognizes a long-lost friend, a mathematics prodigy who disappeared years earlier under mysterious circumstances. The friend has resurfaced to make a confession of unsettling power. In The Light of What We Know takes us on a journey of exhilarating scope - from Kabul to London, New York, Islamabad, Oxford, and Princeton - and explores the great questions of love, belonging, science, and war. It is an age-old story: the friendship of two men and the betrayal of one by the other. The visitor, a man desperate to climb clear of his wrong beginnings, seeks atonement; and the narrator sets out to tell his friend's story but finds himself at the limits of what he can know about the world - and, ultimately, himself. Set against the breaking of nations and beneath the clouds of economic crisis, this surprisingly tender novel chronicles the lives of people carrying unshakable legacies of class and culture as they struggle to tame their futures. In an extraordinary feat of imagination, Zia Haider Rahman has telescoped the great upheavals of our young century into a novel of rare intimacy and power.
Dara's clever trap : a story from Cambodia
The oathbreaker's shadow
Next flag : the African sniper reader / [edited by Fernando Alvim, Heike Munder, Ulf Wuggenig]
Roman senators and equestrians were always vulnerable to prosecution for their official conduct, especially since politically motivated accusations were common. When charged with a crime in Republican Rome, such men had a choice concerning their fate. They could either remain in Rome and face possible conviction and punishment, or go into voluntary exile and avoid legal sentence. For the majority of the Republican period, exile was not a formal legal penalty contained in statutes, although it was the practical outcome of most capital convictions. Despite its importance in the political arena, Roman exile has been a neglected topic in modern scholarship. This 2006 study examines all facets of exile in the Roman Republic: its historical development, technical legal issues, the possibility of restoration, as well as the effects of exile on the lives and families of banished men.
Exile, emigration, and Irish writing
The Barefoot Princess
The lost prince
King in exile : James II : warrior, king and saint, 1689-1701
The new odyssey : the story of Europe's refugee crisis
Untold story
From exile to redemption : Chassidic teachings of the Lubavitcher Rebbe, Rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson and the preceding Rebbeim of Chabad on the future redemption and the coming of Mashiach. Vol. 1
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
Catching fire : containing forced migration in a volatile world
Displaced literature : images of time and space in Latvian novels depicting the first years of the Latvian postwar exile
Literary exiles from Nazi Germany : exemplarity and the search for meaning
Dragonfly in amber
The geography of fear : a latitudinal gradient in anti-predator escape distances of birds across Europe
The house of special purpose
"No five fingers are alike" : what exiled Kurdish women in therapy told me
Kurdish exodus : from internal displacement to diaspora
Tibet's last stand? : the Tibetan uprising of 2008 and China's response
Ghost heart
A time of exile : a novel of the Westlands
Shifting the center : emotional exile and the aesthetic of displacement in Chuang Hua's Crossings
Banned and persecuted : dictatorship of art under Hitler
The girl with seven names : a North Korean defector's story
"The present study seeks to probe the formative impact of exile on changing Catholic identities, both in the northern and in the southern Netherlands. More specifically, it will argue that many displaced Catholics became receptive to militant strands of Catholicism during their years in foreign safe havens. Local media, clerical leadership and forms of sociability facilitated and shaped this process of religious radicalisation among Catholic expatriates. When the changing course of the war allowed the exiles to return home, these spiritually reborn men and women promulgated their radical beliefs in areas recovered by the Habsburg monarchy"--
The tunnels : the untold story of the escapes under the Berlin Wall
Angel of death : The woman in black : the sequel
Estonian national council 1947-1957 : structure and organisation, historical background, activities
Fables. [1], Legends in exile
Nazis on the run : how Hitler's henchmen fled justice
A history of exile in the Roman republic
Religious diaspora in early modern Europe : strategies of exile
From exile to redemption : Chassidic teachings of the Lubavitcher Rebbe, Rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson and the preceding Rebbeim of Chabad on the future redemption and the coming of Mashiach. Vol. 2
Assyrian, Babylonian, Egyptian and Persian chronology compared with the chronology of the Bible. Vol. 1, Persian chronology and the length of the Babylonian exile of the Jews
Kuningas New Yorkissa
Interpreting the principle of non-refoulement in the context of repatriation
The inside story of an outsider
The master of Bruges
Dear Leader
The secret countess
Subjectivity from exile : place and sign in the works of María Zambrano
Letters on England
Steinacher not only reveals how Nazi war criminals escaped from justice at the end of the Second World War, fleeing through the Tyrolean Alps to Italian seaports, but he also highlights the key roles played by the Red Cross, the Vatican, and the Secret Services of the major powers.
High financier : the lives and times of Siegmund Warburg
Iranian refugees and exiles since Khomeini
Homo Viator : itineraries of exile, displacement and writing in Renaissance Europe
Using detailed studies of fifteen exiled royal figures, the role of Exile in European Society and in the evolution of national cultures is examined. From the Jacobite court to the exiled Kings' of Hanover, the book provides an alternative history of monarchical power from the 16th to 20th century.
Hollywood Haven : homes and haunts of the Eurpean ́Emigŕes and exiles in Los Angeles
Exile and suffering : a selection of papers read at the 50th Anniversary Meeting of the Old Testament Society of South Africa OTWSA/OTSSA, Pretoria August 2007
The last days of Stefan Zweig
Environmental Effects of Gas Conversion : Engines of Power Plants
