http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6633 leather
leather
John Waterer's guide to leather conservation and restoration : a shortened version
Oils and lubricants used on leather
Leather. Tests for colour fastness. Colour fastness to migration into plasticized poly(vinyl chloride)
The leather book
Genetic parameters for Finnish blue fox population : litter size, age at first insemination and pelt size
Housekeeping in context: developing a critical eye : Septemper 13-15, 1994 Asheville, North Carolina
Crafts : contemporary design and technique
The art of making leather cases. Vol. 2
Tanning : man's first manufacturing process?
Soft suede, supple leather : craft and design
Made in suede : the art of tailoring in soft leather
The fibre structure of leather
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins, leather and footwear 1961-1982
Sewing with leather & suede : Tips, techniques, inspiration
Leather. Tests for colour fastness. Colour fastness to mild washing
Leather - preparation of chemical test samples
Ancient skins, parchments and leathers
Newsletter
Leather. Tests for colour fastness. Colour fastness to water
Wild : fashion untamed
Fundamentals of Leather Manufacturing
Leathercrafting
Leathercraft by hand
Deterioration and conservation of vegetable tanned leather
Tan your hide! : home tanning leathers & furs
Making leather clothes
The conservation of leather artefacts : case studies from the leather conservation centre
The leatherworking handbook : a practical illustrated sourcebook of techniques and projects
Leather : from the raw material to the finished product
Leather : its composition and changes with time
Leather. Measurement of area
The book of buckskinning V
Investigations on uniaxial straining of fur in skin state. Part 2, Effects of straining on physical characteristics in leather state
Leather. Tests for colour fastness. Colour fastness to machine washing
Basic leathercrafting : all the skills and tools you need to get started
The book of buckskinning
Complete leatherwork : easy techniques and over 20 projects
Tanners : the tannery from Baja in the Hungarian Open Air Museum
Leather under the microscope
Studies on prevention of storage aging in raw blue-fox skins
Encyclopedia of rawhide and leather braiding
Hanten and happi : traditional Japanese work coats: bold designs and colourful images
Leather work
Conservation of leather in transport collections : papers given at a UKIC conference restoration 91, London in October 1991
ICOM CC Lisbon 2011 : Preprints 16th triennial conference Lisbon, 19-23 September 2011.
Leather. Tests for colour fastness. Colour fastness to cycles of to-and-fro rubbing
The book of buckskinning III
Leatherwork
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins, leather and footwear 1979-1997 : commodities and trade division
Sewing with leather & suede : a home sewer's guide : tips, techniques, inspiration
Leather conservation : a current survey
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins, leather and footwear 1966-1985
Fur testing methods : results for mink
Leather. Tests for colour fastness. Colour fastness to water spotting
Leather artefacts and leather working in Turku, SW Finland : tracing the medieval technology and fashion
Industrial dyes : chemistry, properties, applications
Symposium on ethnographic and water-logged leather : 9, 10, 11 June 1986 Amsterdam - Netherlands
Damage to old bookbindings in the Skokloster Library : a new method of inhibiting injurious enzymes in leather
Leather conservation news
The art of making leather cases. Vol. 1
The black leather jacket
The book of buckskinning II
Brain tanning the Sioux way : step-by-step
Symposium on ethnographic and water-logged leather : ICOM International committee for conservation, 9, 10, 11 June 1986, Amsterdam
Experimental work in treating dried archaeological leather
The mountain man's sketch book : Vol. 1
Gorgeous leather crafts : 30 projects to stamp, stencil , weave & tool
The complete book of tanning skins and furs
Exporting Reindeer Skin from Finland to Beijing, China
Leather braiding
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins, leather and leather footwear 1982-2000 = Recueil de statistiques mondiales sur les cuirs et les peaux bruts et préparés et les chaussures de cuir 1982-2000 = Compendio estadístico mundial de cueros y pieles sin curtir, cueros y calzado de cuero 1982-2000
American flight jackets, airmen & aircraft : a history of U.S. flyers' jackets from World War I to Desert Storm
Greener approach to leather techniques
A guide to the conservation and restoration of objects made wholly or in part of leather
Leather : preparation and tanning by traditional methods
Arctic clothing of North America : Alaska, Canada, Greenland
Chrome tanning in the nineteenth century
Islamic bookbindings in the Victoria and Albert Museum
Conservation of leathercraft and related objects Interim Symposium at the Victoria & Albert Museum London 24 & 25 June 1992
Leather crafting in an afternoon
Skin processing technology in Eurasian reindeer culture : a comparative study in material science of Sàmi and Evenk methods, perspectives on deterioration and preservation of museum artefacts
The conservation of gilt leather = Le conservation du cuir doré : postprints
STEP leather project : evaluation of the correlation between natural and artificial ageing of vegetable tanned leather and determination of parameters for standardization of an artificial ageing method
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins, leather and leather footwear 1984-2002 = Recueil de statistiques mondiales sur les cuirs et les peaux bruts et préparés et les chaussures de cuir 1984-2002 = Compendio estadístico mundial de cueros y pieles sin curtir, cueros y calzado de cuero 1984-2002
Conservation of a medieval belt and shoe and leather impregnation test
Gorgeous leather crafts
Leather & bead jewellery to make
ICOM Committee for Conservation : 16th triennial conference Lisbon, 19-23 September 2011 : abstracts
Why leather?: the material and cultural dimensions of leather
The art of making leather cases : volume one
A new look at leather : an approach for the art teacher
The runaway princess
Conservation of waterlogged wood and wet leather
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins, leather and leather footwear 1986-2004 = Recueil de statistiques mondiales sur les cuirs et les peaux bruts et préparés et les chaussures de cuir 1964-2004 = Compendio estadístico mundial de cueros y pieles sin curtir, cueros y calzado de cuero 1986-2004
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins leather and leather footwear 1972-1990 : commodities and trade division
Leather and the warrior : an account of the importance of leather to the fighting man from the time of the ancient Greeks to the World War II
Studies in ancient technology : volume V
Damage to old bookbindings in Skokloster library : a new method of inhibiting injurious enzymes in leather
Native American leather & bead crafting
In the saddle : an exploration of the saddle through history : a meeting of the Archaeological Leather Group at Saddlers' Hall, London 23 October 2002
Leather - determination of pH
The ultimate guide to skinning and tanning : a complete guide to working with pelts, fur, and leather
The art of hand sewing leather
Leather under the Microscope
Leatherwork : 25 practical ideas for hand-crafted leather projects that are easy to make at home
The care of leather and skin products : a curatorial guide
Leather manufacture through the ages : proceedings of the 27th East Midlands Industrial Archaeology Conference, October 1983
Collection Neoriginals : leather accessory design for Karhu Originals
A catalogue of leather in life, art and industry : John W. Waterer 1892-1977 : a centenary exhibition
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 3, Structure and function of receptors. Control of reproduction. Physiology. Ethology
Parchment : the physical and chemical characteristics of parchment and the materials used in its conservation
The mountain man's sketch book : vol. 2
Leathercraft : inspirational projects for you and your home
Handmade shoes for men
Conservation of leathercraft and related objects : interim symposium at the Victoria & Albert Museum, London, 24 & 25 June 1992
Price compendium for raw hides and skins and derived products = Recueil de prix sur les cuir et peaux bruts et produits dérivés = Compendio de los precios de los cueros y pieles sin curtir y productos derivados
The Brendan voyage
Amarna's Leatherwork. Part 1, Preliminary analysis and catalogue
A Diderot pictorial encyclopedia of trades and industry. Volume two
Investigations on uniaxial straining of fur in skin state. Part 1, Effects of straining on skin length, contraction and fur characteristics
Leatherwork : a step-by-step guide
Sheaths, Scabbards and Grip Coverings : a study of the use of leather for portable personal objects in the 14th - 16th century Turku
Protein facts : fibrous proteins in cultural and natural history artifacts
Higher value addition through hides and skins
