http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6649 opinion leaders
opinion leaders
Stranger in a strange land : encounters in the disunited states
Presidential leadership of public opinion
Brief biographical sketches of African and American Negroes outstanding because of their contributions to history, to science and industry, to fine arts, to education and religion, and to the performing arts.
Hitler & America
The end : the defiance and destruction of Hitler's Germany, 1944-1945
Some empirical research results on Finnish soldiers' behavior, group cohesion and informal norms : three military sociological articles
Exchange behavior in selling and sales management
Mandela : a biography
Osama Bin Laden : the patron saint of terrorism
Secret warriors : key scientists, code breakers and propagandists of the Great War
One American in ten tells the other nine how to vote, where to eat, and what to buy. They are The Influentials Who are they? The most influential Americans -- the ones who tell their neighbors what to buy, which politicians to support, and where to vacation -- are not necessarily the people you'd expect. They're not America's most affluent 10 percent or best-educated 10 percent. They're not the "early adopters," always the first to try everything from Franco-Polynesian fusion cooking to digital cameras. They are, however, the 10 percent of Americans most engaged in their local communities...and they wield a huge amount of influence within those communities. They're the campaigners for open-space initiatives. They're church vestrymen and friends of the local public library. They're the Influentials...and whether or not they are familiar to you, they're very well known to the researchers at RoperASW. For decades, these researchers have been on a quest for marketing's holy grail: that elusive but supremely powerful channel known as "word of mouth." What they've learned is that even more important than the "word" -- "what" is said -- is the "mouth" -- "who" says it. They've identified, studied, and analyzed influence in America since the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey (now Exxon) hired Elmo Roper himself to develop a model for identifying opinion leaders, and in "The Influentials, " they are finally ready to share their results. A few samples: - Influentials have been the "early majority" -- leading indicators of what Americans will be buying -- for more than five decades, from choosing energy-efficient cars in the 1970s to owning computers in the 1980s to adopting 401(k)s and IRAs in the 1990s to using the Internet and cell phones today. - Influentials have led the way in social development as well, from the revival of self-reliance (in managing their own health care, investments, and consumption) to mass skepticism about the marketing claims of everythingfrom breakfast food to politicians. Although America's Influentials have always been powerful, they've never been more important than now. Today, a fragmented market has made it possible for Influentials to opt out of mass-message advertising, which means that a different route must be taken to capture their hearts and minds. "The Influentials" is a map for that route, a map that explains who these people are, how they exercise influence, and how they can be targeted. "The Influentials" features a series of rules and guidelines for marketing to Influentials; case studies of products that have prospered because of Influential marketing (and products that have failed because they lacked it); a history of the phenomenon...and why Influentials are more influential today than ever; and profiles of twelve real-life Influentials. Both an intellectual adventure and a hands-on marketing manual, "The Influentials" is an extraordinary gold mine of information and analysis that no business can afford to ignore.
Aung San Suu Kyi : a portrait in words and pictures
Winners : and how they succeed
"From the preeminent Hitler biographer, a fascinating and original exploration of how the Third Reich was willing and able to fight to the bitter end of World War II. Countless books have been written about why Nazi Germany lost World War II, yet remarkably little attention has been paid to the equally vital question of how and why it was able to hold out as long as it did. The Third Reich did not surrender until Germany had been left in ruins and almost completely occupied. Even in the near-apocalyptic final months, when the war was plainly lost, the Nazis refused to sue for peace. Historically, this is extremely rare. Drawing on original testimony from ordinary Germans and arch-Nazis alike, award-winning historian Ian Kershaw explores this fascinating question in a gripping and focused narrative that begins with the failed bomb plot in July 1944 and ends with the German capitulation in May 1945. Hitler, desperate to avoid a repeat of the "disgraceful" German surrender in 1918, was of course critical to the Third Reich's fanatical determination, but his power was sustained only because those below him were unable, or unwilling, to challenge it. Even as the military situation grew increasingly hopeless, Wehrmacht generals fought on, their orders largely obeyed, and the regime continued its ruthless persecution of Jews, prisoners, and foreign workers. Beneath the hail of allied bombing, German society maintained some semblance of normalcy in the very last months of the war. The Berlin Philharmonic even performed on April 12, 1945, less than three weeks before Hitler's suicide. As Kershaw shows, the structure of Hitler's "charismatic rule" created a powerful negative bond between him and the Nazi leadership- they had no future without him, and so their fates were inextricably tied. Terror also helped the Third Reich maintain its grip on power as the regime began to wage war not only on its ideologically defined enemies but also on the German people themselves. Yet even as each month brought fresh horrors for civilians, popular support for the regime remained linked to a patriotic support of Germany and a terrible fear of the enemy closing in. Based on prodigious new research, Kershaw's The End is a harrowing yet enthralling portrait of the Third Reich in its last desperate gasps. "--
Mandela : an illustrated autobiography
Popular support for an undemocratic regime : the changing views of Russians
The lady and the peacock : the life of Aung San Suu Kyi
Perfect hostage : a life of Aung San Suu Kyi, Burma's prisoner of conscience
Fashions in science : opinion leaders and collective behavior in the social sciences
Studies in public opinion : attitudes, nonattitudes, measurement error, and change
Propaganda and mass persuasion : a historical encyclopedia, 1500 to the present
Influencer marketing : who really influences your customers?
Psychological issues in the political transformation of Central and Eastern Europe
Leaders who transform society : what drives them and why we are attracted
The influentials
The lady and the peacock : the life of Aung San Suu Kyi of Burma
On the presidency : teacher, soldier, shaman, pol
Martin Luther King : the inconvenient hero
Electing and ejecting party leaders in Britain
The lady
Executive managers predict business development in Russia until 2000 : the results of the survey on over 100 Russian corporations
Women actors around the Baltic Sea : an inventory of women actors, network, organizations, researchers and institutions in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania
Long walk to freedom : the autobiography of Nelson Mandela
Mandela : the authorised biography
Higher than hope : the authorized biography of Nelson Mandela
A Russian advocate of peace : Vasilii Malinovskii (1765-1814)
Ready for the presidency : an assessment of the capabilities and means of influence of Finnish civil servants
Great Negroes, past and present
Diffusion of innovations
