http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p664 airports
airports
Constructing Aviapolis : an exploratory study into the emergence of airport cities
The middle terminal extension of Helsinki-Vantaa airport
Avaruusristikon kautta yläilmoihin : Helsinki-Vantaan lentoasema = Into the air from under the space grid : Helsinki-Vantaa airport
Airport design and operation
The end of airports
Market potential of Lappeenranta Airport in the North-West Region of Russia
Towards the new millenium by air
The object of this work is to study Chinese consumers' purchasing behavior at Helsinki-Vantaa airport Tax-free shop to improve one company's performance. The case study was carried out at Finavia Non-Schengen Tax-free shop cosmetic section.    The theoretical framework concentrated on Chinese consumers' purchasing behavior, it starts with the marketing mix and is followed by discussing external and internal factors which influence the purchasing process of Chinese consumer aligned with Chinese culture. The post purchasing behavior under unique airport environment has also been analyzed.     The empirical research was implemented by using both qualitative and quantitative method. Questionnaires were distributed to 74 Chinese consumers during December, 2011 and all of them were returned, another 26 interviews with similar questions were conducted at the same period. There are 13 close/open-ended core questions designed for collecting information in order to understand their purchasing behavior. The findings of this study indicate that Chinese consumers' behavior is heavily influenced by the Chinese culture, and by understanding that, the management could create a win-win situation. Few constructional suggestions were given accordingly to further improve the performances of the management.The object of this work is to study Chinese consumers' purchasing behavior at Helsinki-Vantaa airport Tax-free shop to improve one company's performance. The case study was carried out at Finavia Non-Schengen Tax-free shop cosmetic section.    The theoretical framework concentrated on Chinese consumers' purchasing behavior, it starts with the marketing mix and is followed by discussing external and internal factors which influence the purchasing process of Chinese consumer aligned with Chinese culture. The post purchasing behavior under unique airport environment has also been analyzed.     The empirical research was implemented by using both qualitative and quantitative method. Questionnaires were distributed to 74 Chinese consumers during December, 2011 and all of them were returned, another 26 interviews with similar questions were conducted at the same period. There are 13 close/open-ended core questions designed for collecting information in order to understand their purchasing behavior. The findings of this study indicate that Chinese consumers' behavior is heavily influenced by the Chinese culture, and by understanding that, the management could create a win-win situation. Few constructional suggestions were given accordingly to further improve the performances of the management.
Finnair check-in services and customer satisfaction
Aircraft parking areas : Helsinki-Vantaa Aerodrome
A day at the airport
Observations of atmospheric electricity, 1989
Recently airports have started implementing new technologies at the terminals for the convenience of passengers. The new solutions strive to improve operational efficiency and reduce queues at the airports. The new technology like self-service and web check-in are being installed at airports to increase check-in capacity and reduce costs. Airline companies also recognise the value and importance of such services, but as these services are within experimental stage of customer use, the quality of the service and customer satisfaction are still needed to be investigated. In this research project, the author was also given a similar type of task to get customer feedback on recently introduced self-service check-in services by Finnair. The aim of the research was to get customer feedback on the quality of the self-service check-in and baggage drop services and to determine the level of customer satisfaction. Quantitative research was used as a tool for carrying out these studies. The data were collected by using structured and semistructured questionnaires and by making observations of the customers using check-in services. The data processing was performed with Tixel software. Data was analysed with the help of SERVQUAL and Likert scales.
Here & there : designing passenger experiences in air travel
Practical airport operations, safety, and emergency management : protocols for today and the future
Moving towards machine-aided customer service : case: Finavia - Helsinki-Vantaa airport self-check-in machines
Aerodrome obstacle chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Helsinki-Malmi Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 18-36
"This is a premier text by leading technical professionals, known worldwide for their expertise in the planning, design, and management of airports"--Provided by publisher.
The return
Observations of atmospheric electricity 1986
Airport and aviation security : U.S. policy and strategy in the age of global terrorism
Journeys, landscapes : Finavia at the dawn of a new age
Aviation and tourism : implications for leisure travel
The case for Lappeenranta
Munich Airport : landscape visual design architecture
ATS routes to the initial approach fixes for RWYs 15 and 22 : Helsinki-Vantaa
Taking to the air
Precision approach terrain profile chart. Helsinki aerodrome : RWY 22
Airport security : computer assisted passanger prescreening system, registered traveler, secure flight, airfield traffic pattern, surface weather observation, military airbase, ground support equipment
Kartta : lentoasema-alue sekä Helsingin keskusta = Map : airport area and Helsinki City Centre
Aircraft parking/docking chart-ICAO : Helsinki-Vantaa Aerodrome
Aerodrome obstruction chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Joensuu Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 10-28
Space Negotiation : objects as mediators of the personal space and design as a tool to promote the negatiation process
J.S.K Architekten : Gebaute Transparenz = J.S.K Architekten : built transparency
Arviointi Helsingin lentoasema-rakennuksesta = Architectural evaluation Helsinki Airport passenger terminal building
Stansted, Norman Foster and the architecture of flight
Aerodrome obstruction chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Helsinki-Vantaa Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 04-22
Tietotekniikan hyödyntäminen lentoaseman arkkitehtisuunnittelussa = The use of computer technology in the architectural designing of the airport
Observations of atmospheric electricity 1985
Service blueprinting in irregularity service improvement, case Swissport Finland Ltd
Aerodrome obstacle chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Tampere-Pirkkala Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 06-24
When the space station Heimdall is invaded, Hannah and Nik must work together to defeat the enemy. --
Safety at an International Airport – Case Study: Helsinki Airport
Textiles in transit : an investigation of contract textiles in airport terminals
Kemin historiaa etsimässä = In search of history of Kemi
Eero Saarinen : TWA terminal building, Kennedy airport, N.Y. 1956-62, Dulles international airport (Washington, D.C.), Chantilly, Va. 1958-62
Managing airports : an international perspective
Working in Aviation
Preliminary feasibility study of scheduled passenger services at Tartu Ülenurme Airport, Estonia
Tokyo cancelled
Aerodrome obstruction chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Rovaniemi Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 12-30
Aerodrome obstruction chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Tampere-Pirkkala Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 06-24
Aerodrome obstruction chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Rovaniemi Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 03-21
The Second Airport Regions Conference, Vantaa, Finland, 28-29 November 1996.
Great airports of the world
Aviapolis : the flight city
Reflections of global cities and on the connections between them
General aviation security : aircraft, hangars, fixed-base operations, flight schools, and airports
Airport systems : planning, design, and management
If air travel was once the bold future, it has now settled into a mundane, on-going present. We no longer expect romantic experiences or sublime views —we just hope to get from here to there with minimal hassle. In The End of Airports, Christopher Schaberg suggests that even as the epoch of flight approaches a threshold of banality, there are still mysteries to be unraveled around our aircraft and airfields. Drawing from both his own experiences working at an airport and his perspective as a cultural critic, Schaberg explores the secret lives of jet bridges, seating areas, concourses, and tarmac vehicles, showing how the ordinary objects of flight call for wonder and inquiry. The End of Airports is not an obituary, but an ode to terminals in the digital age.--
Architects build on a feel for steel
Aerodrome obstacle chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Helsinki-Vantaa Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 15-33
Usborne flip flap airport
Aerodrome obstruction chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Kuopio Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 06-24
Aerodrome obstruction chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Helsinki-Vantaa Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 15-33
Big shed
Helsinki-Vantaan lentoasema : keskiterminaalin 1. vaihe = Helsinki-Vantaa airport phase 1 of the central terminal
Aerodrome obstruction chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Joensuu Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 17-35
The modern terminal : new approaches to airport architecture
A flight of fancy
Central Station
Aeronautical engineers' data book
Kartta : lentoasema sekä lentoasema-alue = Map : airport and airport area
"A sequel and companion to the groundbreaking The Textual Life of Airports, The End of Airports combines critical theory, cultural studies, and media studies to encourage readers to think differently about contemporary air travel"--
Places of Worship : [Interfaith Prayer Rooms at Airports = Interreligiöse Gebetsräume auf Flughäfen]
Aerodrome obstruction chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Helsinki Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 04-22
Journeys and landscapes : Finavia's annual report [2009]
Pictograms & signage system : for Suvarnabhumi International Airport, Thailand
Aerodrome obstruction chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Kuopio Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 15-33
Guidelines for evaluating and documenting historic aviation properties
Aerodrome obstruction chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Helsinki Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 15-33
Precision Approach Terrain Chart - ICAO. Helsinki-Vantaa Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 22
1925-2005 Turku Airport : Turku - Suomen siviili-ilmailun kehto = Turku - the cradle of Finnish Civil Aviation
Observations of atmospheric electricity, 1990
Aviation Systems : Management of the Integrated Aviation Value Chain
Building for air travel : architecture and design for commercial aviation
The globalising place-network of air traffic : the functional shape and the symbolic landscape of international airports
AirportCity Oulu, Finland : services and facilities at and near Oulu Airport
Consumer-oriented business design : the case of airport management
Aerodrome obstruction chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Ivalo Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 04-22
Observations of atmospheric electricity, 1987
Laboratory for a new architecture : The Airport Terminal, Eero Saarinen, and the historiography of modern architecture : lektio
Airports : a century of architecture
Finland's Air Transport Strategy 2015-2030
Chinese customers' purchasing behavior in Helsinki-Vantaa airport tax-free shop cosmetic section
Public-private partnerships : delivering for the European transport network
ATS routes to the initial approach fixes for RWYs 04 and 33 : Helsinki-Vantaa
Process analysis and improvement in the context of international airport information management system implementation : the case study of Northern capital gateway company
Aerodrome obstacle chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Helsinki-Vantaa Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 04-22
Mind wings
Observations of atmospheric electricity, 1988
800 views of airports
Safety management system in air navigation services and airport operations
Aerodrome chart - ICAO. Tampere-Pirkkala Aerodrome
Aircraft parking/docking chart - ICAO : Helsinki-Vantaa Aerodrome
The best in leisure and public architecture
