http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6641 esophageal cancer
esophageal cancer
Effect of overall treatment time on local control in radical radiotherapy for squamous cell carcinoma of esophagus
Mechanisms of azole resistance and carcinogenic acetaldehyde production in chronic mucosal candidosis
Prognostic significance of cyclooxygenase-2 in breast and esophageal carcinoma
Barrett's esophagus and associated adenocarcinoma : studies on pathogenesis, clinical staging and cost-utility of cancer treatment
Matrix metalloproteinases -21 and -26 in keratinocytes and in keratinocyte-derived cancers
Candida yeasts and carcinogenic acetaldehyde in upper digestive tract carcinogenesis
Adenocarcinoma of the esophagus and esophagogastric junction : studies on epidemiology, pathogenesis and treatment
Carcinoma of the oesophagus and gastric cardia : a retrospective study based on statistical and clinical material from Finland
Toll-like receptors in Alimentary tract -special reference to Barrett's esophagus
Prognostic significance of elevated cyclooxygenase 2 expression in patients with adenocarcinoma of the esophagus
Toll-like receptor 9 in alimentary tract cancers
Gene amplification and overexpression in gastric adenocarcinoma and Barrett adenocarcinoma
Incidence of esophageal adenocarcinoma is rising rapidly in Western countries. The main risk factor for esophageal adenocarcinoma is Barrett's esophagus. Barrett's esophagus results from long-term gastroesophageal reflux disease. The gastrointestinal tract is colonized by bacteria, fungi and viruses forming the alimentary tract microbiome. Microbiome transformation is involved in pathogenesis of alimentary tract cancer and also in the development of Barrett's metaplasia. Toll-like receptors (TLR) are molecules of the innate immune system and they are involved in bacterial and viral recognition and regulation of immune functions in the host and cancer cells.This thesis examined the effect of alimentary tract microbiome and cancer- on the function of TLRs in normal gastrointestinal epithelial cells. An additional focus of the thesis was also to assess the carcinogenetic effect of TLRs 1–9 in Barrett's esophagus metaplasia – dysplasia – carcinoma sequence. Study material consisted of: a patient cohort, organ donors, conventional and germ-free mice. TLRs are expressed also in a "microbe-free" gut. There were significant differences in all TLRs between small- and large intestine of conventional mice and in humans. In germ-free mice that difference was not observed. Normal tissue sampled adjacent to the tumors of cancer patients can be used as controls in immunohistochemical TLR studies in gastrointestinal cancer Clinical data indicate that TLRs linearly increase toward dysplasia in Barrett's esophagus. High cytoplasmic and nuclear TLR4 expression and TLR1 and 8 nuclear immunoreactivity in esophageal adenocarcinoma are associated with metastatic disease and poor prognosis.Based on our results, bacteria seem to downregulate TLR expression of the intestine. TLRs 1–9 apparently have a role in malignant progression of Barrett's dysplasia. TLR1, TLR4 and TLR8 may represent a novel therapeutic target in esophageal adenocarcinoma.
Interaction of alcohol and smoking in the pathogenesis of upper digestive tract cancers : possible chemoprevention with cysteine
Biomarkers in esophageal cancer
Mortality
DNA copy number profiling in esophageal Barrett adenocarcinoma : comparison with gastric adenocarcinoma and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma
Toll-like receptors in Alimentary tract -special reference to Barrett’s esophagus
