http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6646 telegraph
telegraph
Telecommunications since 1796 : Telecom Finland Ltd
Historical foundations of globalization
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 1, Telegraphic code index
The history of the Caribbean telegraphs before the first world war
Shooting stars : ten historical miniatures
Summaries.
The Asiatic species of Desmodium and its allied genera (Leguminosae)
Spirit of the Web : the age of information from telegraph to Internet
New media, 1740-1915
The Far Eastern telegraphs : the history of telegraphic communications between the Far East, Europe and America before the First World War
The European cable companies in South America before the First World War
The history of the Near Eastern telegraphs before the First World War
Owners' and captains' code
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 5, Four corner system index
The cable : the wire that changed the world
The telegraph : a history of Morse's invention and its predcessors in the United States
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 2, Romanization index
The Victorian Internet : the remarkable story of the telegraph and the nineteenth century's online pioneers
The singing wire
Nippon telegraph and telephone privatization study : experience of Japan and lessons for developing countries
The art & skill of radio-telegraphy : a manual for learning, using, mastering and enjoying the international Morse code as a means of communication
Post for all : the story of the Finnish postal service 1638-1998
Jackrabbit McCabe & the electric telegraph
Telecommunications
Communication and empire : media, markets, and globalization, 1860-1930
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 3, Radical index
Under the wire : how the telegraph changed diplomacy
Five hundred wireless questions answered
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 4, Total stroke count index
Lightning man : the accursed life of Samuel F. B. Morse
Communication in modern social ordering : history and philosophy
News over the wires : the telegraph and the flow of public information in America, 1844-1897
History and philosophy of science. 16, Cooke and Wheatstone and the invention of the electric telegraph
Lightning wires : the telegraph and China's technological modernization, 1860-1890
Charles Batchelor; Edison's chief partner
Understanding telecommunications. 1
From machine shop to industrial laboratory : telegraphy and the changing context of American invention, 1830-1920
From steam to glass : the curious story of Brazilian telecommunications
A thread across the ocean : the heroic story of the transatlantic cable
Historicizing online politics : telegraphy, the Internet, and political participation in China
Networking : communicating with bodies and machines in the nineteenth century
Marconi : the man who networked the world
Brazil : general railroads : Brazil : telegraphic lines
The early history of data networks
