http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6645 escapism
escapism
Edith's diary
Alienation and the carnivalization of society
Escaping the self : alcoholism, spirituality, masochism, and other flights from the burden of selfhood
Disabled art : escapism as artistic tactic
The art of gothic : music : fashion : alt culture
Home and escapism within a migrant and non-migrant identities in Anita Desai's novels Bye bye blackbird and Fasting, feasting
Don't even think about it : why our brains are wired to ignore climate change
Meatspace
In prehistoric times, our ancestors began building shelters and planting crops in order to escape from nature's harsh realities. Today, we flee urban dangers for the safer, reconfigured world of suburban lawns and parks. According to Yi-Fu Tuan, people have always sought to escape in one way or another, sometimes foolishly, often creatively and ingeniously. Glass-tower cities, suburbs, shopping malls, Disneyland - all are among the most recent movements in our efforts to escape the constraints and uncertainties of life - ultimately, those imposed by nature.
"Most of us recognize that climate change is real, and yet we do nothing to stop it. What is this psychological mechanism that allows us to know something is true but act as if it is not? George Marshall's search for the answers brings him face-to-face with Nobel Prize-winning psychologists and the activists of the Texas Tea Party; the world's leading climate scientists and the people who denounce them; liberal environmentalists and conservative evangelicals. What he discovers is that our values, assumptions, and prejudices can take on lives of their own, gaining authority as they are shared, dividing people in their wake. With engaging stories and drawing on years of his own research, Marshall argues that the answers do not lie in the things that make us different and drive us apart, but rather in what we all share: how our human brains are wired--our evolutionary origins, our perceptions of threats, our cognitive blind spots, our love of storytelling, our fear of death, and our deepest instincts to defend our family and tribe. Once we understand what excites, threatens, and motivates us, we can rethink and reimagine climate change, for it is not an impossible problem. In the end, Don't even think about it is both about climate change and about the qualities that make us human and how we can grow as we deal with the greatest challenge we have ever faced."--
In a post-apocalyptic world where everyone wears Non-Contact suits to survive and where you can never touch another person directly, Cal and Jenna have formed a football team. Not virtual - real football, with real contact. But Jenna's horrible twin Jacob is suspicious and it looks like they're headed for disaster...Can the team reach out to Jacob and convince him that making contact is also what makes us feel alive / WorldCat.
Empire of illusion : the end of literacy and the triumph of spectacle
Man in the dark
The Cambridge companion to D.H. Lawrence
Myth of martyrdom : what really drives suicide bombers, rampage shooters, and other self-destructive killers
Wolf in white van
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
The corruption of reality : a unified theory of religion, hypnosis, and psychopathology
The return
Confessions of a crap artist : Jack Isidore (of Seville, Calif.) :a chronicle of verified scientific fact, 1945-1959
Dystopia : fantasy art, fiction and the movies / Dave Golder ; foreword by Pat Mills
Great women travel writers : from 1750 to the present
Man in the Dark
Popular stories and promised lands : fan cultures and symbolic pilgrimages
Tourists with typewriters : critical reflections on contemporary travel writing
