http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6656 berries
berries
A passion for fruits
The protection of small fruits and berries, 1980-April 1989 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
The green home organic crops in pots : how to grow your own vegatagles, fruits and herbs
Salt sugar smoke : how to preserve fruit, vegetables, meat and fish
Wild Berries Naturally
Commercial hydroponics
Proceedings of the International strawberry symposium, Cesena (Italy) May 22-27, 1988 : Vol. 1-2
Phenolic contents in relation to antioxidant activities of berry and fruit wines and juices, and their raw materials
The coverage of bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.) was modelled as a function of site and stand characteristics using the permanent sample plots of the National Forest Inventory (NFI) (Model 1). The sample sites consisted of mineral soil forests as well as fells and peatland sites. Annual variation in the bilberry yield (Model 2) was analysed based on measurements over 2001-2014 in the permanent sample plots (so-called MASI plots) in various areas of Finland. We derived annual bilberry yield indices from the year effects of Model 2 and investigated whether these indices could be used to estimate annual variation in bilberry crops in Finland. The highest bilberry coverage was found in mesic heath forests and fell forests. On peatlands the coverage was, on average, lower than on mineral soil sites; the peatland sites with most bilberry coverage were meso-oligotrophic and oligotrophic spruce mires and oligotrophic pine mires. Our bilberry yield indices showed similar variation to those derived from the mean annual berry yields reported and calculated earlier using the MASI plots; the correlation between the indices was 0.795. This approach to calculating annual berry yield indices is a promising way for estimating total annual bilberry yields over a given period of time. Models 1 and 2 can be used in conjunction with the Miina et al.'s (2009) bilberry yield model when bilberry coverage, average annual yield and annual variation in the yield are to be predicted in forest planning..
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
5th International symposium on small fruit virus diseases, 12-18 June 1988, Hellexpo, Thessaloniki, Greece
Antioxidants in fruits, berries and vegetables
Location and accessibility of major non-wood forest products in Arkhangelsk, Russia
Berry production in Finland : wild berries, cultivated berries, organic berry research
Non-wood forest products, their harvested volumes and household consumption in Arkhangelsk region, Russia
Abstract.
Rose hips and sea buckthorn berries contain high amounts of beneficial bioactive compounds. In this study the content and stability of natural vitamins and antioxidants were investigated in two fruit beverages made from rose hip powder, sea buckthorn berry purée and white grape juice concentrate, and wheat germ oil in one of the beverages. Beverages were formulated, pasteurised and filled aseptically in Tetra Brik packages and stored up to 35 days at 4 °C or 22 °C. Samples were analysed for the content of ascorbic acid, carotenoids, major phenolics, tocochromanols, total phenols and total antioxidant capacity as ferric reducing ability. The largest changes occurred during the first 5 days of storage, thereafter mainly ascorbic acid decreased. In the wheat germ oil supplemented beverage, α-tocopherol was more rapidly degraded. Negative correlations between the decrease of some carotenoids and tocochromanols, and the increase of some phenolics, suggest relationships of redox reactions specific to the amount of oil supplemented. From the present study we can conclude that additions of oil to beverages should be carefully selected to avoid oxidations of bioactive compounds. Furthermore, packaging of the beverages should be carried out at higher temperatures and thereafter it should be stored at low temperatures (4 °C), which decreased oxidation of all bioactive compounds except ascorbic acid..
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Human Health Effects of Fruits and Vegetables, FAVHEALTH 2007 : Houston, Texas, USA
The bounty of the earth cookbook
Diseases of small fruits : blackberry, blueberry, cranberry, grape, raspberry, strawberry
Anthocyanins in the northern and southern crowberry, Empetrum nigrum coll
Timber production is an economically important provisioning ecosystem service in forests, but is often in conflict with the provision of other ecosystem services. In multifunctional forestry, the production of timber and non-timber ecosystem services should coexist in the same landscape. To this end, we explored the capacity of a boreal landscape to simultaneously produce collectable goods − bilberry (Vaccimium myrtillus L.), cowberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.) and cep (Boletus edulis Bull.) − alongside timber revenues. We also identified optimal forest management plans to achieve this. Furthermore, we analyzed trade-offs between collectable good yields and timber production, as well as between their economic values. We ran forest growth simulations under seven alternative management regimes at a landscape level across 50-year planning horizons. Then, we used multi-objective optimization to explore trade-offs and identify optimal forest management plans. The results showed that the strongest trade-off was between bilberry and timber production, resulting in a large loss in timber revenues for a gain in bilberry production. However, the conflicts between other collectables and timber production were relatively small: it was possible to increase the provision of collectable goods 4-15% with small reductions (3−5%) from timber revenues. With careful forest planning, there is the potential to simultaneously produce high levels of collectable goods and timber revenues in the landscape..
Proceedings of the International Conference on Quality in Chains MQUIC 2006 : The integrated view on fruits and vegetables quality : Bangkok, Thailand, August 7-10, 2006
Fruit, berry and nut inventory
Lipophilic components of sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides) seeds and berries and physiological effects of sea buckthorn oils
Studies on some characteristics of Hippophae rhamnoides
Description of three new arctic bramble cultivars and proposal for cultivar identification
Hunt, gather, cook : finding the forgotten feast
Wild food
Proceedings of the Xth International Rubus and Ribes Symposium : Zlatibor, Serbia, June 22-26, 2011
Fruit, nut, and vegetable harvesting mechanization : proceedings of the International Symposium on Fruit, Nut, and Vegetable harvesting Mechanization, October 5-12, 1983 The volcani Center Bet Dagan, Israel
Inventory of understorey vegetation resources in Poland
A produce reference guide to fruits and vegetables from around the world : nature's harvest
Gordon Ramsay : a chef for all seasons
Food for free
Taylor's guide to fruits and berries
Crops 2
The fruit garden displayed
Proceedings of the Ist International Symposium on Mechanical Harvesting and Handling Systems of Fruits and Nuts : Florida, USA, April 1-4, 2012
Fruit growing for amateurs
Antiadhesive molecules in milk and berries against respiratory pathogens
Managing boreal forests for the simultaneous production of collectable goods and timber revenues
Forgotten ways for modern days : kitchen cures and household lore for a natural home and garden
Culture, suicide, and the human condition
A feast of weeds : a literary guide to foraging and cooking wild edible plants
Pests and diseases
Compendium of blueberry and cranberry diseases
Third International Strawberry Symposium : Veldhoven, the Netherlands, 29 April - 4 May 1996. Vol 1
Freezing of fruits and vegetables : an agribusiness alternative for rural and semi-rural areas
Up-to-date fruit growing
Effects of picking methods on the berry production of bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus), lingonberry (V. vitis-idaea) and crowberry (Empetrum nigrum ssp. hermaphroditum) in Northern Finland
Strawberry production guide for the northeast, midwest, and eastern Canada
New kitchen garden : organic gardening and cooking with herbs, vegetables and fruit
Modelling bilberry and cowberry yields in Finland : different approaches to develop models for forest planning calculations
Rasberries and kindred fruits : how to obtain resh supplies daily from june to november with chapters on the Loganberry hybrid berries and giant blackberries
Wild berries in the Estonian food industry : products, importance, potential
Healthy forest berries : lingonberry, bilberry, cloudberry, crowberry
Booknotes
Productive small fruit culture : a discussion of the growing, harvesting, and marketing of strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, currants, gooseberries and grapes
Sugar composition of the juice of crowberry, Empetrum hermaphroditum
Berry phenolics : isolation, analysis, identification, and antioxidant properties
Stephanie Alexander's kitchen garden companion
Wild berries & fruits field guide : Indiana, Kentucky and Ohio /by Teresa Marrone
Impacts of forest management on the yield of berries and mushrooms
Antioxidant activities of berry anthocyanins
Seabuckthorn (Hippophae L.) : a multipurpose wonder plant. Vol. 3, Advances in research and development
Mineral element composition of Finnish vegetables, fruit, and berries
Protocols for micropropagation of woody trees and fruits
Proceedings of the International Conference on Quality Management of Fresh Cut Produce : QMFCP2007 : Bangkok, Thailand, August 6-8, 2007
Report on the preparation of fruit for market : (Part 2: gooseberries, currants, cherries, raspberries, loganberries,tomatoes, cucumbers and grapes)
Non-wood forest products in Northwest Russia
Marjat : pohjolan kultaa = Berries: gold of the north
The Arctic Bramble, Rubus arcticus L., was found in Gottby in the municipality of Jomala, the Åland Islands, SW Finland, in June 2009. It was both flowering and fruiting, although rather sparingly. This boreal species has not been observed in the Åland Islands since 1950. The total distribution of the species is outlined. An account is given of the previous six observations of R. arcticus in Åland. The dispersal of the seeds (endocarps with seeds) of R. arcticus is treated..
Proceedings of the Xth International Symposium on Vaccinium and Other Superfruits, Maastricht, The Netherlands, June 17-22, 2012
Effects of ellagitannin rich berries on blood lipid profiles, gut microbiota and metabolism of phenolic compounds in metabolic syndrome
Blueberry science
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Volume 2 : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Principles and design of a prognosis system for an annual forecast of non-wood forest products
A new record of Arctic Bramble, Rubus arcticus, in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Opportunities for Saarioinen to launch Finnish organic cloudberry jam in the German market
Oxidation of α-lactalbumin peptides with and without procyanidins
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Foliar Nutrition of Perennial Fruit Plants : Meran, Italy, 11-15 September, 2001
15th International symposium on virus diseases of temperate fruit crops ; 6th International symposium on small fruit diseases
The new Oxford book of food plants
Cyclopedia of hardy fruits
Proceedings of the IInd Balkan Symposium on Fruit Growing : Pitesti, Romania September 5-7, 2011
Inhibition of protein and lipid oxidation in liposomes by berry phenolics
The cranberry cookbook
Jams & chutneys : preserving the harvest
Ranges of the nutritional status of fruit trees and small fruits as evaluated by leaf analyses and yield records
Berry polyphenol absorption and the effect of northern berries on metabolism, ectopic fat accumulation, and associated diseases
Berries in the world : introduction to the international markets of berries
Seabuckthorn (Hippophae L.) : a multipurpose wonder plant. Vol. 4, Emerging trends in research and technologies
Modelling the coverage and annual variation in bilberry yield in Finland
Composition of hawthorn (Crataegus spp.) fruits and leaves and emblic leafflower (Phyllanthus emblica) fruits
Art of preserving
Proceedings of the XXVIII International Horticultural Congress on Science and Horticulture for People. Proceedings of the International Symposium on Emerging Health Topics in Fruits and Vegetables : Lisbon, Portugal, August 22-27, 2010
The fruit expert
Determination of phylloquinone and menaquinones in foods by HPLC
Temperate zone pomology : physiology and culture
Cuticular and suberin polymers of edible plants : analysis by gas chromatographic-mass spectrometric and solid state spectroscopic methods
Plant science : growth, development and utilization of cultivated plants
Bush fruits
Vaccinium ssp. and less known small fruit : challenges and risks : the International Scientific Conference, Jelgava, Latvia October 6-9, 2009, book of abstract and programme
7th International Symposium on Small Fruit Virus Diseases : 27 June - 2 July 1994
Antimicrobial properties of phenolic compounds from berries
Effect of storage time and temperature on stability of bioactive compounds in aseptically packed beverages prepared from rose hips and sea buckthorn berries
Berries : the complete guide to cooking with power-packed berries
Genetic variation and fruit quality in sea buckthorn and black chokeberry
Proceedings of the XIth International Symposium on Small Fruit Virus Diseases : Antalya,Turkey, May 22-26, 2006
Producing Sea Buckthorn of High Quality : proceedings of the 3rd European Workshop on Sea Buckthorn : Naantali, Finland, October 14-16, 2014
Features of evolution of the garden strawberry, Fragaria x ananassa Duch. from wild Fragaria-species : I. Comparisons of fruit number, yield and fruit size
Fireweed, roseroot, Bergenia and chokeberry : joint research for supporting the herb production
Superfoods from the garden : grow it, cook it and achieve the best health ever
Copigmentation reactions and color stability of berry anthocyanins
Berries - a cookbook
The natural cuisine of Georges Blanc
Processing fruits : science and technology. Volume 2, Major processed products
DEVELOPMENT PLAN FOR A SMALL-SIZED FARM : Profitable Development Ideas on Products, Services, Marketing Methods and Customer Service for Kettulan Tila 2012-2014
Mad about raspberries & strawberries
This manual provides information on freezing technology to preserve fruits and vegetables in small-scale operations. Practical examples demonstrating the application of the technology are given to provide a better understanding of the processes. Compared to other conventional methods used in the storage of fruits and vegetables, freezing is the most satisfactory method in terms of quality, process and overall cost. Currently, the frozen food market is one the largest sectors in the food industry. Industrialized countries dominate the trade in frozen food commodities, but developing countries can also develop their own frozen food industries. Introduction of adequate freezing technology is essential to meet the growing consumer demand for frozen foods in developing countries.
Vields of wild berries and edible mushrooms in North Karelia, Finland
Vegetables, herbs & fruit : an illustrated encyclopedia
Sexual dimorphism and reproduction in the dioecious perennial herb Rubus chamaemorus
Growing your own fruit and vegetarian for dummies
[Proceedings of the fourth] international symposium on replant problems : Budabest, Hungary 12-16 August, 1996
Food choices and healthy eating : focusing on vegetables, fruits and berries : International conference September 2nd-3rd 2005 Kauhajoki, Finland : additional part
Nutritional status in commercial currant fields
Peatland berries - a valuable nourishing resource
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Berries : From Genomics to Sustainable Production, Quality and Health : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Juice Technology Workshop : August 12-13, 1996
Seabuckthorn : a multipurpose wonder plant. Vol. 2, Biochemistry and pharmacology
2nd International Workshop on Pollination : Leuven, Belgium 21-22 March 1995
Success with Soft fruits
"An award-winning journalist and blogger's guide to foraging, fishing, hunting--and making the most of the fruits of a day spent gathering food in the field. If there is a frontier beyond organic, local, and seasonal, beyond farmers' markets and sustainably raised meat, it surely includes hunting, fishing, and foraging your own food. A lifelong angler and forager who became a hunter late in life, Hank Shaw has chronicled his passion for hunting and gathering in his widely read blog, Hunter Angler Gardener Cook, which has developed an avid following among outdoor people and foodies alike. Hank is dedicated to finding a place on the table for the myriad overlooked and underutilized wild foods that are there for the taking--if you know how to get them. In Hunt, Gather, Cook, he shares his experiences both in the field and the kitchen, as well as his extensive knowledge of North America's edible flora and fauna. With the fresh, clever prose that brings so many readers to his blog, Hank provides a user-friendly, food-oriented introduction to tracking down everything from sassafras to striped bass to snowshoe hares. He then provides innovative ways to prepare wild foods that go far beyond typical campfire cuisine: homemade root beer, cured wild boar loin, boneless tempura shad, Sardinian hare stew--even pasta made with handmade acorn flour. For anyone ready to take a more active role in determining what they feed themselves and their families, Hunt, Gather, Cook offers an entertaining and delicious introduction to harvesting the bounty of wild foods to be found in every part of the country"--
Effect of berry phenolics on gastrointestinal microbes
Studies of the effects of industrial processing on fruit
Incompatibility classes and fruit set in natural populations of arctic bramble (Rubus arcticus L.) in Finland
Availability of seed oils from Finnish berries : with special reference to compositional, geographical and nutritional aspects
Empirical prediction models for the coverage and yields of cowberry in Finland
Astringent food compounds and their interactions with taste properties
Catechins and procyanidins in berries of Vaccinium species and their antioxidant activity
Third International Strawberry Symposium : Veldhoven, the Netherlands, 29 April - 4 May 1996. Vol. 2
Proceedings of the Ninth International Symposium on Small Fruit Virus Diseases : Canterbury and HRI - East Malling, England, 9 -15 July, 2000
Recent work on religion and gender in religious studies in Finland
The strawberry : history, breeding and physiology
Proceedings of the IIIrd International Symposium on Human Health Effects of Fruits and Vegetables, FAVHEALTH 2009 : Avignon, France, October 18-21, 2009
Luonnontuotealan valtakunnallinen tutkimusseminaari : 5.10.2010 Joensuu, Itä-Suomen yliopisto = Proceedings of the national research seminar on nature products, Joensuu, October 5, 2010
Proceedings of the IVth International Conference Postharvest Unlimited 2011 : Leavenworth, Washington, USA, May 22-26, 2011
6th International symposium on pollination, Tilberg, The Netherlands, 27-23 August 1990
Diseases of small fruits : Blackberry, blueberry, cranberry, grape, raspberry, strawberry
Wild berries naturally
The golden berry of the bogs
Fruits of the world : a comprehensive guide to choosing and using
The wild blueberry book
Pants from pips : pots of plants for the whole family to enjoy
Proceedings of the Workshop on Berry Production in Changing Climate Conditions and Cultivation Systems : in the context of COST-Action 863: 'Euroberry Research: from Genomics to Sustainable Production, Quality and Health' : Geisenheim, Germany, October 29-31, 2008
The small fruits of New York : report of the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station for the Year Ending June 30, 1925
