http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6652 academic writing
academic writing
A field guide for science writers : the official guide of the National Association of Science Writers
A writing guide for petrological (and other geological) manuscripts
Professional academic writing : in the humanities and social sciences
Scholarly editing : a guide to research
Academic skills : reading, writing, and study skills. Level 3, Student's book
How to write & illustrate a scientific paper
CBE style manual : a guide for authors, editors, and publishers in the biological sciences
Summary in Finnish.
Research projects for college students : what to write across the curriculum
Academic writing for international students of business
Academic writing : a handbook for international students
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
The narrative construction of the anxious object : papers from the 4S/EASST Conference, Göteborg, 12-15 August 1992
Disciplinary identities : individuality and community in academic writing
Proposal-writing for a research project, thesis and dissertation : a step-by-step guide to research proposal-writing for a research project, thesis and dissertation
Academic writing and publishing : a practical handbook
Inspirational writing for academic publication
Crafting scholarship in the behavioral and social sciences : writing, reviewing, and editing
Academic skills : reading, writing, and study skills. Level 1, Student's book
How to produce better worksheets
How to write term papers and reports
A short guide to writing about biology
Fieldwork in educational settings : methods, pitfalls, and perspectives
Getting it right : the essential elements of the dissertation
Academic skills : reading, writing, and study skills. Level 2, Teacher's guide
Training of students ́scientific reasoning skills
English composition
Naučnaâ reč' na anglijskom âzyke : rukovodstvo po naučnomu izloženiû : slovar' oborotov i sočetaemosti obŝenaučnoj leksiki : novyj slovar'-spravočnik aktivnogo tipa = English for scientific purposes : guide to academic writing : combinatory dictionary of science usage : a new active reference
The college writer's reference
Other people's words : what plagiarism is and how to avoid it
Practical sedimentology
The Penguin writer's manual
The emergence of a tradition : technical writing in the English Renaissance, 1475-1640
Text type distinctions and variation in English of software engineering
Towards research-orientation in professional practice 2012 : a guide to thesis work at Diaconia University of Applied Sciences
Variation and change in spoken and written discourse : perspectives from corpus linguistics
The Research project : how to write it
A guide to scientific writing : manual for students and research workers
How to use your reading in your essays
How to write and present technical information
Writing for professional development
Finnish summary.
The MLA style sheet
Instructions for authors
Academic skills : reading, writing, and study skills. Level 2, Student's book
Academic writing and publishing : a practical guide
Mendeley : Crowd-sourced reference and citation management in the information era
Writing research papers : a Norton guide
Effective writing : improving scientific, technical and business communication
A guide to scientific writing
Professional report writing
Effective literature searching for students
Are you struggling to meet your coursework deadlines? Finding it hard to get to grips with your essay topics? Does your writing sometimes lack structure and style? Would you like to improve your grades? This text covers everything a student needs to know about writing essays and papers in the humanities and social sciences. Starting from the common difficulties students face, it gives practical examples of all the stages necessary to produce a good piece of academic work: * interpreting assignment topics * drawing on your own experience and background * reading analytically and taking efficient notes * developing your argument through introductions, middles and conclusions * evaluating and using online resources * understanding the conventions of academic culture * honing your ideas into clear, vigorous English. This book will provide you with all the tools and insights you need to write confident, convincing essays and coursework papers.
Dissertation writing in practice : turning ideas into text
The technical writer's handbook : writing with style and clarity
How to write task reports, progression and graduation reports
Philosophical devices : proofs, probabilities, possibilities, and sets
Philosophical writing : an introduction
Worlds of written discourse : [a genre-based view]
Scientific and technical literature : an introduction to forms of communication
The St. Martin's bibliography of business and technical communication
Developing quality technical information : a handbook for writers and editors
Preparing research articles
The craft of scientific writing
Academic skills : reading, writing, and study skills. Level 3, Teacher's guide
Getting It Right: The Essential Elements of the Dissertation was written for graduate students writing their dissertations. Clearly written and organized into five thematic chapters- introduction and rationale; review of literature; methods; results/findings; and interpretation and recommendations-this key writing source includes comprehensive examples taken directly from high-quality, scholarly dissertations. With motivational pep talks for graduate students and appropriate tips for mentors, Getting It Right is a thorough, but reader-friendly guide for both dissertation writers and their faculty advisors.
Thesis and dissertation writing in a second language : a handbook for supervisors
The talkative community : rhetorical, textual and pragmatic features in Royal Society texts, 1711-1870
Academic voices : across languages and disciplines
A guide to writing and publishing in the social and behavioral sciences
How to write about biology
Schaum's quick guide to writing great research papers
Essentials of publishing qualitative research
Writing essays about literature : a guide and style sheet
Cultural differences in the use of metadiscourse in English scientific writing: a statistical approach
Rhetoric and stylistics today : an international anthology
Getting it published : a guide for scholars and anyone else serious about serious books
A manual of style : containing typographical and other rules for authors, printers, and publishers recommended by the University of Chicago Press, together with specimens of type
An easyguide to APA style
Editing and publication : a training manual
Science fiction? : the discourse of persuasion in academic writing
The informed writer : using sources in the disciplines
Writing like an engineer : a rhetorical education
A student's writing guide : how to plan and write successful essays
Thorne's better medical writing
Engaging ideas : the professor's guide to integrating writing, critical thinking, and active learning in the classroom
Guidelines for writing and preparing a manuscript for international publication
Perspectives in summarization : from factual condensation to interpretative enunciation
The use of verbs in English medical research reports
Promotion and politeness : conflicting scholarly rhetoric in three disciplines
Scientific thinking and scientific writing
Writing and publishing in medicine
Writing with a purpose : and from source to statement
Good style : writing for science and technology
Academic writing in a second language: essays on research and pedagogy
The good research guide : for small-scale social research projects
The professional writer : a guide for advanced technical writing
Guide to publishing a scientific paper
Genre theory in the past few years has contributed immensely to our understanding of the way discourse is used in academic, professional and institutional contexts. However, its development has been constrained by the nature and design of its applications, which have invariably focused on language teaching and learning, or communication training and consultation. This has led to the use of simplified and idealised genres. In contrast to this, the real world of discourse is complex, dynamic and unpredictable. This tension between the real world of written discourse and its representation in app.
Perspectives inter-culturelles et inter-linguistiques sur le discours académique. volume 1 = Cross-cultural and cross-linguistic perspectives on academic discourse
Appraising research : evaluation in academic writing
"Cite them right" : the essential guide to referencing and plagiarism
Style manual for biological journals
The Good Research Guide by bestselling author Martyn Denscombe has established itself as the introductory book on the basics of social research. It provides practical and straightforward guidance for those who need to conduct small-scale research projects as part of their undergraduate, postgraduate or professional studies. This brand new fifth edition has been thoroughly updated and revised throughout and includes new material on: the use of social media in research, including guidelines on the use of social networking sites; more on internet research and how to run online surveys; how to conduct systematic literature reviews; getting good response rates to a survey; writing research reports; and research ethics. Retaining the clear, friendly and practical approach that has made the book a must for student researchers, the new edition includes many helpful learning features such as "at a glance" summaries in "Key Points" boxes, helpful "Checklists" to guide good practice and handy "Link-ups" between key topics across the book. Every chapter provides up-to-date further reading lists to help you develop your knowledge and research skills. This is an invaluable resource for anyone conducting social research across all business, health, education and other social science disciplines.
How to... write an essay : winning techniques and skills for students
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
Corpus analysis of verbs in research articles of bio-organic chemistry with special reference to the passive
"This book is an exploration of how writers take an evaluative stance in academic writing from the point of view of Appraisal theory. It focuses on introductions to research articles in English across a range of disciplines"--Provided by publisher.
Developing and applying study skills : writing assignments, dissertations and management reports
Academic skills : reading, writing, and study skills. Level 1, Teacher's guide
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Investigating the impact of errors made by non-native speakers of English in academic writing : an SFL analysis in the Finnish context
The writing of economics
Disciplinary Identities uses findings from corpus research to present fascinating insights into the relationship between author identity and disciplinarity in academic writing. Ken Hyland draws on a number of sources to explore how authors convey aspects of their identities within the constraints placed upon them by their disciplines' rhetorical conventions. He promotes corpus methods as important tools in identity research, demonstrating the effectiveness of keyword and collocation analysis in highlighting both the norms of a particular genre and an author's idiosyncratic choices.
Effective documentation : what we have learned from research
Interviewing practices for technical writers
Guide for thesis and academic writing
Science as writing
Writing themes about literature
Instructions for authors : instructions for authors of manuscripts intended for publication in the series Acta Universitatis Ouluensis
Ethnographically speaking : autoethnography, literature, and aesthetics
Writing mathematical papers in English : a practical guide
AMA manual of style : a guide for authors and editors
Tips for writing an acceptable dissetation : theories and concepts
APA style simplified : writing in psychology, education, nursing, and sociology
Writing research papers : a practical guide
