http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6662 Talibans
Talibans
In October 2001, NATO forces invaded Afghanistan. Their initial aim, to topple the Taliban regime and replace it with a more democratic government aligned to Western interests, was swiftly achieved. However, stabilizing the country in the ensuing years has proven much more difficult. Despite billions of dollars in aid and military expenditure, Afghanistan remains a nation riddled with warlords, the world's major heroin producer, and the site of a seemingly endless conflict between Islamist militants and NATO forces. In this timely and important book, Tim Bird and Alex Marshall offer a panoramic view of international involvement in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2010. Tackling the subject matter as a whole, Bird and Marshall weave together analysis of military strategy, regional context, aid policy, the Afghan government, and the many disagreements between and within the Western powers involved in the intervention. Given the complicating factors of the heroin trade, unwelcoming terrain, and precarious relations with Pakistan, the authors acknowledge the ways in which Afghanistan has presented unique challenges for its foreign invaders. Ultimately, however, they argue that the international community has failed in its self-imposed effort to solve Afghanistan's problems and that there are broader lessons to be learned from their struggle, particularly in terms of counterinsurgency and the ever-complicated work of 'nation-building'. The overarching feature of the intervention, they argue, has been an absence of strategic clarity and coherence. Furthermore, in the continued absence of a clear and coherent strategy for Afghanistan, the threat to Western interests from the region will not be reduced, and may grow.
The dressmaker of Khair Khana : five sisters, one remarkable family, and the woman who risked everything to keep them safe
Malala Yousafzai : education campaigner
Queen & country. [Vol 2] : Operation: Morningstar
Afghanistan : how the west lost its way
Task force Helmand : a soldier's story of life, death and combat on the Afghan front line
The dogs are eating them now : our war in Afghanistan
Decoding the new Taliban : insights from the Afghan field
I am Malala : the girl who stood up for education and was shot by the Taliban
The Afganistan wars
Raising my voice : the extraordinary story of the Afghan woman who dares to speak out
The Taliban remain one of the most elusive forces in modern history. A ragtag collection of clerics and madrasa students, this obscure movement emerged out of the rubble of the Cold War to shock the world with their draconian Islamic order. The Taliban refused to surrender their vision even when confronted by the United States after September 11, 2001. Reinventing themselves as part of a broad insurgency that destabilized Afghanistan, they pledged to drive out the Americans, NATO, and their allies and restore their "Islamic Emirate.""The Taliban and the Crisis of Afghanistan" explores the paradox at the centre of this challenging phenomenon: how has a seemingly anachronistic band of religious zealots managed to retain a tenacious foothold in the struggle for Afghanistan's future? Grounding their analysis in a deep understanding of the country's past, leading scholars of Afghan history, politics, society, and culture show how the Taliban was less an attempt to revive a medieval theocracy than a dynamic, complex, and adaptive force rooted in the history of Afghanistan and shaped by modern international politics. Shunning journalistic accounts of its conspiratorial origins, the essays investigate broader questions relating to the character of the Taliban, its evolution over time, and its capacity to affect the future of the region.Offering an invaluable guide to "what went wrong" with the American reconstruction project in Afghanistan, this book accounts for the persistence of a powerful and enigmatic movement while simultaneously mapping Afghanistan's enduring political crisis.
Talibanistan : negotiating the borders between terror, politics and religion
Irregular war : Isis and the new threat from the margins
The Taliban cricket club
Seeds of terror : how drugs, thugs, and crime are reshaping the Afghan war
Set in war-torn Kabul, a harrowing yet tender novel--think "Bend It Like Beckham" in a burka--about one woman's courage and guile in the face of terror and tyranny.
The most dangerous place : Pakistan's lawless frontier
Red platoon : a true story of American valor
Taliban : the power of militant Islam in Afghanistan and beyond
A different kind of daughter : the girl who hid from the Taliban in plain sight
"In 2009, Clinton Romesha of Red Platoon and the rest of Black Knight Troop were preparing to shut down Command Outpost (COP) Keating, the most remote and inaccessible in a string of bases built by the United States military in Nuristan and Kunar in the hope of preventing Taliban insurgents from moving freely back and forth between Afghanistan and Pakistan. Three years after its construction, the army was finally ready to concede what the men on the ground had known immediately: it was simply too isolated and too dangerous to defend. On October 3, 2009, after years of constant smaller attacks, the Taliban finally decided to throw everything they had at Keating. The ensuing fourteen-hour battle -- and eventual victory -- cost eight Americans their lives. Red Platoon is a firsthand account of the Battle for COP Keating, told by Romesha, who spearheaded both the defense of the outpost and the counterattack that drove the Taliban back beyond the wire and received the Medal of Honor for his actions." --Publisher description.
Rashid examines the region and the corridors of power in Washington and Europe to see how the promised nation building in these countries has progressed. His conclusions are devastating: an unstable and nuclear-armed Pakistan, a renewed al Qaeda profiting from a booming opium trade, and a Taliban resurgence and reconquest. While Iraq continues to attract most of American media and military might, Rashid argues that Pakistan and Afghanistan are where the conflict will finally be played out and that these failing states pose a graver threat to global security than the Middle East.--From publisher description.
Jihad : the rise of militant Islam in Central Asia
Malala : how one girl stood up for education and changed the world
Blind chickens and social animals : creating spaces for Afghan women's narratives under the Taliban
Bin Laden : behind the mask of the terrorist
The Soviet-Afghan War : how a superpower fought and lost
No worse enemy : the inside story of the chaotic struggle for Afghanistan
Taliban : militant Islam, oil and fundamentalism in Central Asia
He named me Malala
The 9/11 wars
The Swallows of Kabul
My life with the Taliban
I am Malala : The Girl who stood up for education and was shot by the Taliban
Afghanistan : a new history
Inside Al-Qaeda and the Taliban : beyond 9/11
Insiders. Volume 3 : The Afgan trap
Butcher and bolt
The dynamics of Sunni-Shia relationships : doctrine, transnationalism, intellectuals and the media
The kite runner : the graphic novel
The Taliban phenomenon : Afghanistan 1994-1997
Whiskey tango foxtrot
The Taliban : war, religion and the new order in Afghanistan
Taliban : the true story of the world's most feared fighting force
Rashid examines the region and the corridors of power in Washington and Europe to see how the promised nation building in these countries has progressed. His conclusions are devastating: an unstable and nuclear-armed Pakistan, a renewed al Qaeda profiting from a booming opium trade, and a Taliban resurgence and reconquest. While Iraq continues to attract most of American media and military might, Rashid argues that Pakistan and Afghanistan are where the conflict will finally be played out and that these failing states pose a graver threat to global security than the Middle East. - From publisher description.
Zoya's story : an Afghan woman's struggle for freedom
Holy war, Inc. : inside the secret world of Osama bin Laden
An intimate war : an oral history of the Helmand Conflict, 1978-2012
No good men among the living : America, the Taliban, and the war through Afghan eyes
Afghanistan from the cold war through the war on terror
Malala : the girl who stood up for education and changed the world
Malala a brave girl from Pakistan ; Iqbal a brave boy from Pakistan
A bitter harvest : US foreign policy and Afghanistan
Ground truth : 3 Para : return to Afghanistan
Descent into chaos : the United States and the failure of nation building in Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Central Asia
The blind man's garden
My forbidden face : growing up under the Taliban: a young woman's story
President Obama may have delivered on his campaign promise to kill Osama bin Laden, but as an Al-Qaeda strategist bin Laden has been dead for years. This book introduces and examines the new generation of Al-Qaeda leaders who have been behind the most recent attacks.*BR**BR*Investigative journalist Syed Saleem Shahzad dedicated his life to revealing the strategies and inner workings of Al-Qaeda and the Taliban. He had access to top-level commanders in both movements, as well as within the ISI, Pakistans intelligence service. Shahzads work was praised by US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for bringing to light the troubles extremism poses to Pakistan's stability. Inside Al-Qaeda and the Taliban explains the wider aims of both organisations and provides an essential analysis of major terrorist incidents, including the 2008 Mumbai attacks.*BR**BR*In May 2011, Shahzad was abducted and killed in Pakistan, days after writing an article suggesting that insiders in the Pakistani navy had colluded with Al-Qaeda in an attack on a naval air station. This book is a testament to his fearless reporting and analytical rigour. It will provide readers worldwide with an invaluable introduction to a new phase of the ongoing struggle against terrorism which threatens lives in so many countries. --Provided by publisher.
Pakistan on the brink : the future of Pakistan, Afghanistan and the west
Ghosts of Afghanistan : the haunted battleground
Apache
The war on freedom : how and why America was attacked, September 11th, 2001
Bush at war
War comes to Garmser : thirty years of conflict on the Afghan frontier
Islam in Europe
Talibanistan : negotiating the borders between terror, politics, and religion
Reaping the whirlwind : the Taliban movement in Afghanistan
The new threat : from Islamic militancy
Descent into chaos: how the war against Islamic extremism is being lost in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Central Asia
The Taliban : ascent to power
Taliban : the story of the Afghan warlords : including a new foreword following the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001
The Taliban and the crisis of Afghanistan
The dream in Islam : from Qur'anic tradition to Jihadist inspiration
The shadow patrol
Modern Islamist movements : history, religion, and politics
In the sea there are crocodiles : the story of Enaiatollah Akbari
Afghan Buzkashi : power games and gamesmen
The duel : Pakistan on the flight path of American power
Fundamentalism reborn? : Afghanistan and the Taliban
