http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6677 Mariology
Mariology
True devotion to Mary
Emotion and devotion : the meaning of Mary in medieval religious cultures
St. Gregory Palamas as a hagiorite
The many faces of Mary
This fascinating reference work on the Virgin Mary provides readers with the opportunity to gain a wealth of knowledge about the history, and contemporary practice of the cult of the Virgin Mary.To understand the cult of the Virgin Mary is to understand the Christian religion. The Virgin Mary is a ubiquitous but enigmatic presence in Christian history and culture. The tradition about Mary forms a vast and multi-layered aspect of Western history, culture and spirituality. It is not just in the Catholic tradition that Mary has become a particular focus of study and interest. Mary has also become a crucial interest for Christians outside this tradition (Protestant, Anglican) as a path to ecumenical understanding.This book is intended as a reference book for the student or scholar seeking knowledge of the history and contemporary practice of the cult of the Virgin Mary. It provides new essays which give overviews of particular areas of study - both historical and thematic - together with texts from primary sources and important scholarly articles, some of which appear in English for the first time.The volume is designed to be suitable for use as a course book at undergraduate and Masters levels. The result is astonishing and will open up whole new avenues for theological and spiritual enquiry. "Mary: The Complete Resource" is essential for anyone who has a strong theological or devotional interest in Mary. But it will open the eyes of those who do not.
The Order of Christ Sophia (OCS) is a small New Religion which, in the short span of eight years, has evoked intense controversy. Beyond surveying the history, doctrines and practices of this unusual group, Lewis brings data from his study of the OCS to bear on many items of conventional wisdom in the New Religions field.
The Virgin Mary in the perceptions of women : mother, protector and queen since the Middle Ages
Mary for today
Mary for all christians
Friars, scribes, and corpses: a marian confraternal reading of "The mirror of human salvation" (Speculum humanae salvationis)
Mother of God : a history of the Virgin Mary
The Virgin Mary, monotheism, and sacrifice
More glorious than the seraphim : early homilies and feasts in honor of Mary
They bore the wounds of Christ : the mystery of the sacred stigmata
Divine heiress : the Virgin Mary and the creation of Christian Constantinople
This unique study of the cult of the Virgin Mary offers a way of thinking about the interrelations of Catholicism and ideas of ideal femininity over the longue duree. An ambitious history of the changing symbolism of the Mother of God, Alone of All Her Sex holds up to the light different emphases occurring at different times, and highlights that the apparent archetype of a magna mater is constantly in play with social and historical conditions and values. Marina Warner's interesting perspective was forged in the aftermath of significant postwar developments in history, anthropology, and feminism and the book inspired fierce debates when it was first published in 1976. Alone of All Her Sex is also an emotive, personal statement, arising from Warner's own upbringing as a Catholic. It picks up on classic accounts such as Mary MacCarthy's Memoirs of a Catholic Girlhood and Antonia White's Frost in May, as well as the author's own experiences at a Catholic boarding school. Highly controversial in conservative quarters, the book's arguments were welcomed and recognised by many readers who shared Warner's experiences. In this new edition, Marina Warner has written a new preface which reviews the book in the light of the current debate about secularism, faith, nations, and social identities. She takes issue with her original mistaken conclusion that the modern age would see the cult of Mary fade away and revises it in the light of recent popes' enthusiasm for the Mother of God, a fresh wave of visions and revelations, a new generation of female saints, and the reorientation of theological approaches to the woman question.
The burning bush : on the Orthodox veneration of the Mother of God
Words and matter : the virgin Mary in late medieval and early modern parish life
Alone of all her sex : the myth and cult of the Virgin Mary
The Blessed Virgin Mary
The apse, the image and the icon : an historical perspective of the apse as a space for images
Which Mary? : the Marys of early Christian tradition
This volume provides a concise, nontechnical historical introduction to the church's thinking about Mary, the mother of Jesus. The first part of the book sketches the development of Marian thought from the second century to the twentieth century. The second part contains an annotated bibliography of the most important and accessible English-language works on Mary.Tim Perry, an evangelical Anglican priest, and Daniel Kendall, a Roman Catholic Jesuit priest, have joined across the Reformation divide to provide an irenic, balanced volume for students and general readers interested in this most remarkable woman and the ways in which she has shaped Christian thought.
Apparitions in late medieval and Renaissance Spain
Against those who are unwilling to confess that the Holy Virgin is Theotokos
Reforming Mary : changing images of the Virgin Mary in Lutheran sermons of the sixteenth century
Mary and human liberation : the story and the text
The Cambridge companion to Hans Urs von Balthasar
The black madonna in Latin America and Europe : tradition and transformation
Mary, mother of God, mother of the poor
In the school of love
Mary : a history of doctrine and devotion
This engaging book examines the invigorating presence of Mary in the mystery of the redemption that is as the heart of the life of the church. The author contemplates her presence in the course of Scripture, human and ecclesial history, the church fathers, the mystics, and others. He not only wants to transmit his love of the Virgin Mary, but the actualization of these words at the foot of the cross: "This is your mother."
Gateway to heaven : Marian doctrine and devotion, image and typology in the patristic and medieval periods. Vol. 1, Doctrine and devotion
The repose of our most holy and glorious lady the Theotocos and ever-virgin Mary and her translation to heaven
Presbeia Theotokou : the intercessory role of Mary across times and places in Byzantium (4th-9th century)
Knock : the Virgin's apparition in nineteenth-century Ireland
The life of the Virgin
Negotiating Marian apparitions : the politics of religion in transcarpathian Ukraine
The Cult of the Mother of God in Byzantium : Texts and Images
Mary and the Fathers of the Church : the Blessed Virgin Mary in patristic thought
The church and Mary
The thousand faces of the Virgin Mary
Ora pro nobis : the Virgin as intercessor in medieval art and devotion
Origins of the cult of the Virgin Mary
The cult of the Virgin Mary : psychological origins
In search of Mary : the woman and the symbol
With respect : a doctor's response to a healing Pope
Marpingen : apparitions of the Virgin Mary in Bismarckian Germany
The essential Mary handbook : a summary of beliefs, practices, and prayers : with a glossary of key terms and cross-referenced to the Catechism of the Catholic Church
Mary : the complete resource
Born of a woman : a bishop rethinks the birth of Jesus
Mary in the New Testament : a collaborative assessment by Protestant and Roman Catholic scholars
The blessed Virgin Mary : essays by Anglican writers
Shows how the figure of Mary has shaped and been shaped by changing social and historical circumstances and why for all their beauty and power, the legends of Mary have condemned real women to perpetual inferiority.
The magnificat : a study of Luke1:46-55
Alone of all her sex : the myth and the cult of the Virgin Mary
Miracles of the Virgin in Middle English
Proclus of Constantinople and the cult of the Virgin in late antiquity : homilies 1-5, texts and translations
The image of the Virgin Mary in the Akathistos hymn
Encountering Mary : visions of Mary from La Salette to Medjugorje
The world's first love
Children of Jesus and Mary : the Order of Christ Sophia
Mary and the Christian gospel
Encountering Mary : from La Salette to Medjugorje
Our Lady in the liturgy
"Fully illustrated in colour and black and white, Images of the Mother of God complements the successful exhibition and catalogue of the 'Mother of God' exhibition at the Benaki Museum in Athens. It brings together the work of leading international authorities and younger scholars to provide a wide-ranging survey of how the Theotokos was perceived in the Byzantine world. It embraces the disciplines of art historians, archaeologists, traditional and feminist historians, as well as theologians, philologists and social anthropologists. Images of the Mother of God will appeal not just to those interested in Byzantine art and culture, but also to scholars of Western Europe in the Middle Ages who are looking for comparative materials in their own work."--Book jacket.
Gateway of life : Orthodox thinking on the Mother of God
Mary in scripture, liturgy, and the catholic tradition
The virgin goddess : studies in the pagan and Christian roots of Mariology
The Internet and the Madonna : religious visionary experience on the Web
Images of the Mother of God : perceptions of the Theotokos in Byzantium
Mariological thought of Mar Jacob of Serugh (451-521)
Mary, God's yes to man : Pope John Paul II Encyclical letter, Mother of the redeemer
The cult of the Virgin is central to the thinking of the Middle Ages. Her standing as intercessor and mediator stems from her role as Dei Genetrix - Mother of God. Since the subject cannot be understood from textual evidence alone the book is fully illustrated.
Madonna : Onni Olkkosen eurooppalainen kokoelma = The European Collection of Onni Olkkonen
Mother of the gods : from Cybele to the Virgin Mary
Mary through the centuries : her place in the history of culture
