http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6679 ergonomics
ergonomics
Ergonomics and usability improvement of underground loader cabin
Ergonomics of human-system interaction : usability methods supporting human-centered design = Ergonomie de l'interaction homme-system̀e: met́hodes d'utilisabilite ́pour la conception centreé sur l'opeŕateur humain
Ergonomics in a restaurant : case study A: How is the ergonomic situation in Amarillo, Jyväskylä seen by its employees?
Wellbeing and innovations through ergonomics : NES2011 conference papers
User experience as a challenge for cognitive psychology and ergonomics
Handbook Of Occupational Safety and Health
A guide to the ergonomics of manufacturing
Safety manager's guide to office ergonomics
Purpose of this master's thesis was to discover and identify key points how underground loader operator environments could be improved. New definition for pleasurable cabin was created during the discovery phase of this study. This new definition introduces main features that are affecting to cabin pleasurability and it was used as a basis when key areas for further research were selected. While selecting the key areas for further research recent and ongoing projects were observed to avoid overlapping. Chosen key areas were ergonomics, ISE (Interior Space Envelope) and visibility from physical features and cognitive features as a whole. Also issues related to operator environment safety and quality together with issues affecting to operator health were studied. Because of the wide scope the underground loader LH517 was chosen to be used as example in this study. Key improvement areas found from this type of machine can be applied to other loader types as well. In this master's thesis ergonomics was noticed in its whole meaning. This means that the whole work system which consists of the human, work task, work tools, operating environment and work process were analyzed. In the work was noticed that it is possible to improve the total productivity by developing the ergonomics and usability of the operator compartment which then improves competitiveness in the market. A new definition about key areas affecting to operator productivity was created in this master's thesis. Literature related to ergonomics, usability and safety were widely studied to create a holistic view to these matters. Also an ergonomics and usability study for LH517 cabin was performed by an external partner as a part of this master's thesis. As for the end of this thesis there are some thoughts about how safety and total productivity could be improved even more in the future. With the help of techniques presented in this master's thesis it is also
Sfs-käsikirja. 93-8, Koneiden turvallisuus : Safety of machinery. Osa 8: Ohjaimet, merkinantolaitteet, merkinantosignaalit, turvamerkinnät ; Manual controls, displays, signals, safety signs
9th Joint International Ergonomics Symposium "Working postures in agriculture and forestry" CIGR/IAAMRH/IUFRO : June 9-12, 1987, Kuopio, Finland : abstracts
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Osa 16 = Part 16, Suorakäyttödialogi = Direct manipulation dialogues
Ergonomic software tools in product and workplace design : a review of recent developments in human modeling and other design aids
This edited book concerns the real practice of human factors and ergonomics (HF/E), conveying the perspectives and experiences of practitioners and other stakeholders in a variety of industrial sectors, organisational settings and working contexts. The book blends literature on the nature of practice with diverse and eclectic reflections from experience in a range of contexts, from healthcare to agriculture. It explores what helps and what hinders the achievement of the core goals of HF/E: improved system performance and human wellbeing. The book should be of interest to current HF/E practitioners, future HF/E practitioners, allied practitioners, HF/E advocates and ambassadors, researchers, policy makers and regulators, and clients of HF/E services and products.
Achieving innovation and breakthrough usability in medical devices : real-world processes and case studies of modern medical user experience. An AAMI webinar October 21, 2009.
Introduction to human factors and ergonomcs for engineers
A new technique for job analysis
Older adultdata : the handbook of measurements and capabilities of the older adult, data for design and safety
Effects of stress and visual display unit work on tension-type headache and tension neck syndrome
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Osa 14 = Part 14, Valikkodialogi = Menu dialogues
The approach to the book is analogous to a toolkit. The user will open the book and locate the tool that best fits the ergonomic assessment task he/she is performing. The chapters of the book progress from the concept of ergonomics, through the various assessment techniques, and into the more complex techniques. In addition to discussing the techniques, this book presents them in a form that the readers can readily adapt to their particular situation. Each chapter, where applicable, presents the technique discussed in that chapter and demonstrates how it is used. The supporting material at the end of each chapter contains exercises, case studies and review questions. The case study section of the book presents how to use techniques to analyze a range of workplace scenarios. Topics include: The Basics of Ergonomics; Anthropometry; Office Ergonomics; Administrative Controls; Biomechanics; Hand Tools; Vibration; Workstation Design; Manual Material Handling; Job Requirements and Physical Demands Survey; Ergonomic Survey Tools; Work-related Musculoskeletal Disorders; How to Conduct an Ergonomics Assessment; and Case Studies
Guide-lines on ergonomic study in forestry : prepared for research workers in developing countries
Human factors engineering : design of medical devices: a review of ANSI/AAMI HE75:2009. An AAMI webinar September 21, 2010.
Ergonomics in developing regions : needs and applications
All there is to know about sitting : sitting behaviour, seats and wheelchairs
Occupational ergonomics : theory and applications
Evaluation of the load on the spine based on a dynamic biomechanical model, electromyographic activity of back muscles, and changes in stature
Advances in ergonomics modeling and usability evaluation
Limitations of body and soul
Handbook of medical device design
Sustainable well-being at work through ergonomics via the web-based learning program of Ergonetti
Inspirational Training Guide for Farmers
Enhancing occupational safety and health
Ergonomics in Asia : development, opportunities, and challenges ; selected papers of the 2nd East Asian Ergonomics Federation Symposium (EAEFS 2011), Hsinchu, Taiwan, 4-8 October 2011
Interaction of workers and machinery : physical and psychological stress
Guidelines for using anthropometric data in product design
Fundamentals of occupational safety and health
Anthropometric methods : designing to fit the human body
IXth Joint International Ergonomics Symposium "Working postures in agriculture and forestry", CIGR, IAAMRH, IUFRO : June 9-12, 1987, Kuopio, Finland : abstracts
La main du guitariste : anatomie, technique et performance = The guitarist's hand : anatomy, technique and performance
Thinking model and tools for understanding user experience related to information appliance product concepts
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Erconomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals. Osa 7 = Part 7 : Näytön vaatimukset heijastusten suhteen
Contemporary Ergonomics 2007
Complete guide to laboratory safety
Designing for humans
Occupational ergonomics : work related musculoskeletal disorders of the upper limb and back
Work systems and the methods, measurement, and management of work
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Osa 15 = Part 15, Komentodialogi = Command dialogues
Physical work load as a risk factor for symptoms in the neck and upper limbs : exposure assessment and ergonomic intervention
Participatory methods and empowerment for health and safety work : case studies in Norrbotten, Sweden
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Erconomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals. Osa 16 = Part 16 : Suorakäyttödialogi
Occupational ergonomics : a practical approach
Computer access for people with disabilities : a human factors approach
Adultdata : the handbook of adult anthropometric and strength measurements : data for design safety
Advances in occupational ergonomics and safety : proceedings of the XIVth annual international occupational ergonomics and safety conference 1999
Human factors
Ergonomics for beginners : a quick reference guide
Ergonomic Comparison of a Sit-Stand Workstation With a Traditional Workstation in Visual Display Unit Work
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Erconomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals. Osa 17 = Part 17 : Lomakepohjainen dialogi
Fitting the task to the man : a textbook of occupational ergonomics
The occupational ergonomics handbook. Interventions, controls, and applications in occupational ergonomics
On macroergonomics and learning strategies in improving working conditions
Dynamics in ergonomics, psychology and decisions : introduction to ergodynamics
Introduction to ergonomics
Humanscale 7/8/9 : a portfolio of information. 7, Standing at work : 7. standing and sitting at work, 8. space planning for the individual and the public, 9. access for maintenance, stairs, light and color
Ergonomics in the automotive design process
On the identification and prevention of ergonomic risk factors : with special regard to reported occupational injuries of the musculo-skeletal system
New directions in cello playing : how to make cello playing easier and play without pain
Ergonomic guidelines for forest machines
possible to ensure better user experience and have better motivated and more loyal operators. Definitions for pleasurable cabin and operator productivity that were created in this master's thesis are purposed to be further developed since the basic frames are now in place. The key improvement areas that were discovered and identified in this study will be developed in upcoming R&D projects.
Ergonomics tool kit : practical applications
Ergonomics of human-system interaction. Part 210, Human-centred design for interactive systems (ISO 9241-210:2010)
Science and racket sports. III, The procedings of the eighth International Table Tennis Federation Sports Science Congress and the Third World Congress of Science and Racket Sports
Work design in practice
Motion and time study
Ergonomics : foundational principles, applications, and technologies
Contemporary ergonomics 2000
International data on anthropometry
Introduction to ergonomics in forestry in developing countries
Piano notes : the hidden world of the pianist
Lighting for occupational optometry
Computer vision interaction for people with severe movement restrictions
Evaluation of ergonomics and efficacy of instruments in dentistry
Office ergonomics : ease and efficiency at work
Promotion of well-being in modern society : proceedings of NES 2006 : 38th Annual Congress of Nordic Ergonomics Society 24 - 27 September 2006, Hämeenlinna, Finland
User interface design for electronic appliances
Holistic work system design and management : a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers' work outside the cab
International encyclopedia of ergonomics and human factors. Volume 1
Comparison of symbolic and graphic classifications in WWW-Nimbus
Sitting posture : proceedings of the Symposium on Sitting Posture
Trends in ergonomics/human factors. 2, [Mid-Central Ergonomics/Human Factors Conference was held in Cincinnati, USA]
Ergonomics for therapists
A management model for physical risks in the care work
Work-related musculoskeletal problems and injuries among physiotherapists working in university and central hospitals in Finland
The workplace. Vol. 2, Major industries and occupations
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 4 = Part 4, Ergonomiset periaatteet, mitoituksen suunnittelu, henkinen työkuormitus = Ergonomic principles, antropometric dimensioning, mental workload
Holistic work system design and management:— a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers’ work outside the cab
Moving in on occupational injury
Safety, health and productivity of cold work : a management model, implementation and effects
Beyond the desktop : designing and using interaction devices
Occupational ergonomics : principles and applications
Body mapping for flutists : what every flute teacher needs to know about the body
Guide to applying human factors methods : human error and accident management in safety-critical systems
Repetitive strain injury : a computer user's guide
Healthy string playing : physical wellness tips from the pages of String Magazine
The effect of violin and viola playing on bony facial structures and on frequency of temporomandibular disorders
Ergonomics of human-system interaction = Ergonomie de l'interaction homme-systéme. 210, Human-centred design for interactive systems = Conception centrée sur l'opérateur humain pour les systèmes interactifs
Human factors for the design, operation, and maintenance of mining equipment
Hygiene for the worker
Ergonomics : the physiotherapist in the workplace
"Since the publication of the first edition in 1996, significant new advances have been made in the field of ergonomics. These advances include the impact of aging and obesity in the workplace, the role of ergonomics in promoting healthy workplaces and healthy lifestyles, the role of ergonomic science in the design of consumer products, and much more. Therefore, we saw a critical need to update the first edition, which has had more than a dozen printings and can be found in libraries all over the world. We hope you agree that the second edition fills a critical gap between existing ergonomic books by providing a comprehensive approach that encompasses the principles of ergonomics from theory to practice. It also blends medical and engineering applications to solve musculoskeletal, safety, and health problems in a variety of traditional and emerging industries ranging from the office to the operating room to operations engineering. The scope and contents of this comprehensive book are such that it is suitable for graduate (and senior level undergraduate) students as well as a reference text for occupational safety and health professionals. This book is designed to address both the fundamentals of ergonomics (Part I) as well as practical applications (Part II) of those fundamentals in solving ergonomic problems to provide an insight into methods used to assess ergonomic risks and their control. Part III addresses the issue of connecting physical risk factors to the development of adverse health outcomes, thus providing a framework for the development of medical surveillance programs designed to monitor/control ergonomic-related challenges in the workplace"--
Industrial ergonomics : case studies
Abstract: Ergonomic guidance in manual lifting and handling of loads for employees in retail.
Neck and shoulder pain related to computer use : Terveysnetti
Guide to the handling of patients : introducing a safer handling policy
User-centered development of video telephony for servicing mainly older users : review and evaluation of an approach applied for 10 years
Technology for special needs
Manual handling : ergonomic approach
International encyclopedia of ergonomics and human factors. Volume 3
Workplace analysis and ergonomic assessment at a paper machine
Ergonomical problems in agriculture, especially for part-time and ageing farmers
Ergonomics : how to design for ease and efficiency
International Seminar on Ergonomics Applied to Forestry : proceedings 17-22 October 1983, Vienna and Ossiach/Austria = Internationales Seminar über die Anwendung der Ergonomie auf die Forstarbeit : Verhandlungsbericht 17.-22. Oktober 1983, Wien und Ossiach/Österreich
Cognitive ergonomics : understanding, learning and designing human-computer interaction
Agricultural engineering : proceedings of the 11th International congress on agricultural engineering, Dublin, 4-8 September 1989. Vol. 4, Power, processing and systems
Participatory methods and empowerment for health and safety work:case studies in Norrbotten, Sweden
The ergonomics of music making : your body and your instrument playing in harmony. Part 1.
Human factors in engineering and design
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Osa 12 = Part 12, Tiedon esittäminen = Presentation of  information
Contemporary ergonomics and human factors 2012
Prevention of work-related musculoskeletal problems among dentists in Pori dental care center
Health, sustainability, and the built environment
Hard facts about soft machines : the ergonomics of seating
Safety management : a guide for facility managers
Työjärjestelmien ergonomiset suunnitteluperiaatteet : standardi = Ergonomic principles in the design of work systems
Workspace, equipment and tool design
Bodyspace : anthropometry, ergonomics, and the design of work
Computer-aided ergonomics : a researcher's guide
Ergonomic guidance in manual lifting and handling of loads for employees in retail
Handbook of human factors and ergonomics
Occupational disease : the skeleton in puppeteer's closet
The disposition of the musician : a handbook for musicians and coming musicians of all instruments about the motor aspects of professional disposition in performing and teaching, with all exercises to stay or to become disposed
Ergonomics of developing countries
The illustrated guide to safe patient handling and movement
Work exposure and complaints in a sample of French and Norwegian forest machine operators : a comparative field study within the ErgoWood programme
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset. Osa 6, Työympästön suunnitteluohjeita = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Part 6, Guidance on the work environment : [English version]
Enhancing the usability of telecare devices
A systemic-structural theory of activity : applications to human performance and work design
Human factors and ergonomics in practice : improving system performance and human well-being in the real world
SIMTER  - A joint simulation tool for production development
Human factors in design, safety, and management
Wellbeing and innovations through ergonomics : NES2011, Oulu, Finland 18-21 September 2011 : book of abstracts
Sound Mind in Sound Hands : Efsli 2009 conference proceedings, Tallinn, Estonia, September 19th - 20th 2009
Mapping the user experience : development of a validated instrument from the plans and scripts of the computer community of practice
Kansei innovation : practical design applications for product and service development
The ergonomics of workspaces and machines : a design manual
Applied ergonomics
Humanscale 4/5/6 Manual : a portfolio of information. 6, Hands and feet : 4. human strength and safety, 5. controls and displays, 6. designing for people
Work organization and ergonomics
La main du pianiste : methode d'education posturale progressive = The pianist's hand : progressive postural education method
Neuroergonomics : a cognitive neuroscience approach to human factors and ergonomics
Abstract: Workplace analysis and ergonomic assessment at a paper machine.
Ergonomics and safety in hand tool design
Wellbeing and innovations through ergonomics : proceedings of NES2011 September 18—21, 2011 Oulu, Finland
