http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6675 safety devices
safety devices
IT essentials : PC hardware and software companion guide
Sabik news : Oy Sabik ab's customer bulletin
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 1 = Part 1, Suunnittelun perusteet, turvaetäisyydet = Basic consept, safety distances
Flood control doors improve survivability
CCTV for security professionals
Current, essential IT networking skills made easy! Thoroughly revised to cover the latest technologies, this practical resource provides you with a solid foundation in networking fundamentals. Networking: A Beginner's Guide, Sixth Edition discusses wired and wireless network design, configuration, hardware, protocols, security, backup, recovery, and virtualization. You'll also get step-by-step instructions for installing, configuring, and managing Windows Server 2012, Exchange Server 2013, Oracle Linux, and Apache. This is the perfect book for anyone starting a networking career or in need of an easy-to-follow refresher. Understand network cabling, topologies, hardware, and the OSI seven-layer model; Connect LANs and WANs; Configure network protocols, such as TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, SMTP, DHCP, HTTP, WINS, and more; Explore directory services, such as Microsoft's Active Directory, X.400, and LDAP; Enable and support remote network access; Secure your network and handle backup and disaster recovery; Select, install, and manage reliable network servers, including Windows Server 2012, Exchange Server 2013, Oracle Linux, and Apache; Manage network workstation computers; Design a robust network from the ground up; Work with virtualization technologies, such as Hyper-V, VMWare, and Oracle VM VirtualBox. - Publisher.
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 4 = Part 4, Ergonomiset periaatteet, mitoituksen suunnittelu, henkinen työkuormitus = Ergonomic principles, antropometric dimensioning, mental workload
PC upgrade and repair bible
This book explains and then helps readers live with the psycho-techno phenomenon that is bring your own technology (BYOT). Readers will learn how to understand these new end-users and their demands, as well as the strategic and tactical ramifications of these demands. Next, it covers the broad range of technical considerations such as selection, connectivity, training, support, and security. The text includes best practices and case studies of well-known companies, including IBM, Ford, and CarFax
Mobile malware attacks and defense
Laptops and mobile devices made easy
Architectural improvements for mobile ubiquitous surveillance systems
Security awareness : applying practical security in your world
Students' level of interest and opinions on a possibility of acquiring a school provided personal laptop : Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management
A collaborative process of product lifecycle management for railway signalling infrastructure
Go! all in one : computer concepts & applications
Handbook of automotive engineering
Koneiden turvallisuus. Osa 3, Suojukset, turvalaitteet, hätäpysäytys, odottamattoman käynnistymisen esto = Safety of machinery. Part 3, Guards, protective devices, emergency stop, prevention of unexpected start-up
The guarding of cultural property
Security management : a critical thinking approach
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 2, Suojaustekniikka, turvaetäisyydet = Safeguarding, safety distances
The complete guide to physical security
Security in distributed, grid, mobile, and pervasive computing
Go! All in one : computer concepts and applications
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 6 = Part 6, Ohjausjärjestelmät = Control systems
STUDENTS’ LEVEL OF INTEREST AND OPINIONS ON A POSSIBILITY OF ACQUIRING A SCHOOL PROVIDED PERSONAL LAPTOP. : Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management
Handbook of loss prevention and crime prevention
Saimaan järvialueen loistot = List of lights : The Saimaa Lake District
"The Complete Guide to Physical Security gives readers a comprehensive understanding of modern-day physical security best practices. Employing both theory-based and real-world approaches, it examines general business principles as they relate to security. The book goes beyond the concepts of the three G's (guns, gates and guards) and instead explains the importance of physical security to accomplish the overall mission of the organization. The book enables security managers to develop a program that utilizes all security personnel's talents, emphasizing that the security team must work synergistically with all facets of the organization for the ultimate in protection and success"--
Newnes electronic security systems pocket book
Information security theory and practices : smart cards, mobile and ubiquitous computing systems : First IFIP TC6 / WG 8.8 / WG 11.2 International Workshop WISTP 2007, Heraklion, Crete, Greece, May 9-11, 2007 ; proceedings
Analytical guide of the changes suggested by Directive 2006/42/EC on the safety of machies
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 5 = Part 5, Kulkutiet = Means of access
The death of the internet
Integrated Security Systems Design, 2nd Edition, is recognized as the industry-leading book on the subject of security systems design. It explains how to design a fully integrated security system that ties together numerous subsystems into one complete, highly coordinated, and highly functional system.
Practical electrical equipment and installations in hazardous areas
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 1 = Part 1, Suunnittelun perusteet, turvaetäisyydet, räjähdyssuojaus, hygienia = Basic consept, safety distances, explosion protection, hygiene
GPRS mobile station and itse security aspects
Koneturvallisuus : henkilön havaitsevien turvalaitteiden käyttö = Safety of machinery : application of protective equipment to detect the presence of persons
"From the Physical Security stand point; we are the gate keepers. We are the protectors of the organization from all threats; regardless if they are malicious, internal or environmental. We need to be ever vigilant and confident that the work we are doing will be regarded as a necessary operational function for the overall security and the protection of the asset; to include - employees, information and property. Protection of these three things is the cornerstone of our profession"--
Automobile electrical and electronic systems
Context-aware mobile and ubiquitous computing for enhanced usability : adaptive technologies and applications
Passenger safety and convenience systems
Smart phone and next-generation mobile computing
An introduction to rigging in the entertainment industry
Koneiden turvallisuus = Maskinsäkerhet = Safety of machinery
Software test attacks to break mobile and embedded devices
Mobile application security
Technologies of inSecurity : the surveillance of everyday life
Abstract.
Video conferencing over IP : configure, secure, and troubleshoot
Security design consulting : the business of security system design
Mobile data loss: threats and countermeasures
Industrial security
Electronic security systems : Better ways to ..
Mobile spectrometry for source finding and prompt reporting
9th European Seminar on Personal Protective Equipment : 29-31 January 2008 in Spa Hotel Levitunturi, Levi, Kittilä, Finland : seminar report
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 3, Suojukset, turvalaitteet, hätäpysäytys, odottamattoman käynnistymisen esto = Guards, protective devices, emergency stop, prevention of unexpected start-up
Sfs-käsikirja. 93-8, Koneiden turvallisuus : Safety of machinery. Osa 8: Ohjaimet, merkinantolaitteet, merkinantosignaalit, turvamerkinnät ; Manual controls, displays, signals, safety signs
Android apps security
Understanding computers : today and tomorrow
Safety equipment for human detection
A holistic look at the vast landscape of Internetsecurity-past, present, and futureA major attack on the Internet could wreak havoc onsociety-bringing down telephony, banking, business,government, media, and the energy grid. This book addresses thegrowing threats to the Internet from different sources, offeringin-depth guidance on how to combat them on both desktop and mobileplatforms.Edited by a specialist in holistic security with contributionsfrom experts in industry and academia, The Death of theInternet presents a unique, cross-disciplinary approach toInternet security. It goes beyond computer science to explore itssocial and psychological components, discussing politicallymotivated attacks, human error, and criminal tendencies. Geared tonon-technical readers and experts alike, the book clearly explainsthe general concepts of Internet security for managers anddecision-makers and provides engineers and industry professionalswith detailed instructions on how to develop effective designs withsecurity in mind. The Death of the Internet:. Covers topics of Internet security, online fraud, phishing, andmalware. Explores the growing need for dedicated smartphone Internetsecurity. Describes how security threats can result in loss of trust andadvertising revenues. Outlines proven countermeasures and explains how to implementthem using real-world examples. Reviews state-of-the-art research and future trends in Internetsecurity.
Koneiden turvallisuus. Osa 1, Suunnittelun perusteet = Safety of machinery. Part 1, General principles for design
On-board credentials : an open credential platform for mobile devices
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 4, Koskettamatta tunnistavat turvalaitteet = Electro-sensitive protective equipment
Private security
Code of safety for fishermen and fishing vessels 2005.. Part B, Safety and health requirements for the construction and equipment of fishing vessels
Mobile computing : technology, applications, and service creation
RoPax ferry safety strengthened
Networking : a beginner's guide
Uses of innovation : wristcare in the practices of engineers and elderly
Masquerader detection in mobile context based on behaviour and environment monitoring
Embedded Java security : security for mobile devices
Bring your own devices (BYOD) survival guide
Integrated security systems design : a complete reference for building enterprise-wide digital security systems
