http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6685 industrial management
industrial management
Theory of Constraints in field service : factors limiting productivity in home care operations
Business enterprise, process, and technology management : models and applications
Russian energy sector / prospects and implications for  Russian growth, economic policy and energy supply
Production system engineering
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
Computational intelligence in time series forecasting : theory and engineering applications
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Productivity & quality management frontiers, VIII : refereed papers presented at the 8th International Conference on Productivity & Quality Research, June 14-16, 1999, Vaasa, Finland
Business statistics : a first course
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
Maintworld
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Improving demand forecasting practices in the industrial context
The sustainable enterprise fieldbook : when it all comes together
Without concent or contract : the rise and fall of American slavery. Markets and production : Technical papers. Vol. 1
Impacts of ozone pollution on food security in the UK : a case study for two contrasting years, 2006 and 2008
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Macroeconomic fluctuations and firm dynamics : technology, production and capital formation
Manufacturing : design, production, automation, and integration
Environmental goods and services sector
Computing time and energy requirements to assess tractor operational efficiency : application to a plowing operation
Paying farmers for environmental services
Business in action
Product market review 2009 : microeconomic consequences of the crisis and implications for the recovery
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
TEPS : a technical ecnomical production planning system by Jørn Christoffersen, Peter Falster, Erkki Suonsivu, Björn Svärdson ; [julk.] The Scandinavian council for applied research
"This book presents a first of its kind approach that describes critical components for sustainable Lean management. The handbook shows how managers at all levels of the organization can integrate Lean into their daily management activities. It also defines the Lean philosophy, beliefs and behaviors required to develop a thriving Lean company culture. Packed with detailed examples and step-by-step instructions, it's the ideal handy reference guide to help mangers and leaders make the transition from the classroom to the field. It will feature brief summaries and examples of the most important tools in Lean management systems development"--
Technical change in Finnish grass silage production
"This book presents relevant theoretical frameworks and most recent research findings in this area, providing significant theories for research students and scholars to carry out their continuous research as well as practitioners who aim to improve upon their understanding of distributed production planning"--
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
Essentials of operations management
DENSY - Distributed Energy Systems 2003-2007 : final report
"Intelligent and resource-efficient production technologies" (EffTech) programme : programme report 2008-2010
Change of China's development models at the crossroads
Instructor's solutions manual : Production & operations management
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : case studies from Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India
Systems thinking in the public sector : the failure of the reform regime... and a manifesto for a better way
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
Theory of constraints in field service : factors limiting productivity in home care operations
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
Stories from my sensei : two decades of lessons learned implementing Toyota-style systems
An indispensable handbook of tools and advice for environmentally responsible organizations.
Ideal for Advanced Undergraduate and Postgraduate students, this book builds on concepts from Strategic Management, Operations Management, Marketing and HRM to give students a comprehensive understanding of Operations Strategy.
Manufacturing systems engineering : a unified approach to manufacturing technology, production management, and industrial economics
Topics non-parametric production and efficiency analysis
How to run a theatre : a witty, practical and fun guide to arts management
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
Economic outlook
Organic supply chains for small farmer income generation in developing countries : case studies in India, Thailand, Brazil, Hungary and Africa
Realizing the productivity potential of speed
The Toyota way : 14 management principles from the world's greatest manufacturer
Impacts of reducing red meat consumption on agricultural production in Finland
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
Changing subcontracting : a study on the evolution of supply chains and subcontractors
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Manufacturing engineering and management
Automation made easy : everything you wanted to know about automation and need to ask
Manufacturing technology. Vol. 2
Variation in temperature challenges crop production and animal farming. Elevated temperatures are often harmful, though may also open opportunities at high latitudes. Impacts depend on the vulnerability of the object, production system and their resilience to climatic variability. The station-wise temperature observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for a time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to measure the likelihood for: 1) elevated temperatures of a) ≥1 °C above normal for three weeks, b) ≥2 °C above normal for two weeks and c) ≥3 °C above normal for one week, and 2) heatwaves with daily maximum temperature >25 °C for: a) 5 days (short) or b) 14 days (long episode). We also estimated the likelihood of warm winds in the early growing season which may enhance pest migration. We found large spatial and temporal variations in the likelihoods of elevated temperatures with many impacts on crop production, animal farming and welfare. In fact, only 1 °C temperature elevation may already be harmful, though in some cases also beneficial depending on region and vulnerability or adaptation of the object and production system. Though we show only some examples of the potential impacts of temperature variation on high latitude agro-ecosystems, these data are valuable as such for much wider applications in agriculture and beyond that.
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
Environmental policy integration in practice : shaping institutions for learning
"This book generates a comprehensive overview of the recent advances in concepts, technologies, and applications that enable advanced business process management in various enterprises"--Provided by publisher.
Uncertainty, diversity and the common good : changing norms and new leadership paradigms
The lean management systems handbook
Handbook of economic organization : integrating economic and organization theory
Production management : methods and studies
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
Business/IT fusion : how to move beyond alignment and transform IT in your organization
Rural financial services and effects of microfinance on agricultural productivity and on poverty
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Describes the management principles of Lean production that are employed by Toyota.
Impact of agricultural market liberalization on food security in developing countries : a comparative study of Kenya and Zambia
A social history of science and technology in contemporary Japan. Vol. 1, The occupation period, 1945-1952
The lean Six Sigma pocket toolbook : a quick reference guide to nearly 100 tools for improving process quality, speed, and complexity
Orchestration of external resources
Non-distorting farm support to enhance global food production
Feeding levels during the growing phase affect the production of primiparous Finnish Landrace ewes
Green industrial restructuring : international case studies and theoretical interpretations
Replacement decisions on Finnish dairy farms : toward better economic performance with novel technology and sustainable herds
Spare Parts Business Processes Product Commodity Management Process Book
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
The development of large-scale agricultural mechanization required to sustain food production, combined with limited conventional fuel resources, spurs on to better assess the time and energy investments required for commodities production. The proposed analysis is based on the description of field working dynamics collected on an experimental tractor during a plowing operation. The energy needs can there be characterized as having a dual alternating profile, depending on the tractor working phase within the field. As a result, two field oriented performance indicators consisting in time efficiency [h.ha-1] and area specific consumption [l.ha-1] are defined out of the profile characteristics. A model converting the draft of an implement into an engine running point is then developed to compute these indicators. The model is fitted on data collected over conventional bench tests, and is validated by an application to a plowing operation. Lastly, a sensitivity analysis on the operational parameters is conducted.
Analysis of the relation between rural poverty, malnutrition and hunger, and the interlinks with agricultural production growth and productivity growth with special reference to Mozambique and Bangladesh
Resource constraints in health care : case studies on technical, allocative and economic efficiency
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
Russia is a globally important oil and gas producer.Russian hydrocarbons are not only crucial to the domestic economy but also to European countries depending on energy imports.This paper reviews the current stand and future prospects of Russian oil and gas production and exports.Russia has clearly stated that it wants to diversify its oil trade by increasing its exports to other areas than Europe.At the same time, many countries have seen their gas import prices rising significantly.As energy prices and exports have also been the main driver behind the current economic boom in Russia, there is no doubt that Russian energy will stay high on both the economic and political agenda of the EU and its member countries at least in any foreseeable future.The question remains whether there is enough Russian oil and gas for all new pipelines planned, as well as whether the huge investment needs of the energy sector can possibly be fulfilled, given the current investment climate and increasing government influence in the major energy firms.  Keywords: energy, oil, natural gas, Russia, EU .
Economic-ecological interactions in sustainable use of forest resources
Technology Innovation and Industrial Management 2011 : TIIM International Conference 28-30 June, Oulu, Finland : book of abstracts
The allure of capitalism : an ethnography of management and the global economy in crisis
Business operations models : becoming a disruptive competitor
CONSEQUENCES OF POPULATION GROWTH ON AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION IN OBINGWA LOCAL GOVERNMENT AREA OF ABIA STATE NIGERIA.
Forward hedging under price and production risk of wheat
Selecting the right manufacturing improvement tools : what tool? when?
Decent rural employment for food security : a case for action
Improving health and welfare of pigs : a handbook for organic pig farmers
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Foreign investment, law and sustainable development : a handbook on agriculture and extractive industries
The business solution to poverty : designing products and services for three billion new customers
Conditions and prospects for increasing forest yield in northern Europe
Production and operations management : focusing on quality and competitiveness
Doing business in Thailand : the essential guide to commerce for foreigners
Engendering group support based foresight for capital intensive manufacturing industries : case paper and steel industry scenarios by 2018
Engineering economics for capital investment analysis
Manufacturing processes for engineering materials
Collaborative manufacturing : using real-time information to support the supply chain
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 1, Production horticulture
World food prospects : critical issues for the early twenty-first century
An introduction to economics : concepts for students of agriculture and the rural sector
Successful business process management : what you need to know to get results
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
"Operations Management is an ideal text for courses requiring an in-depth yet accessible guide to operations management. This edition has been fully updated to provide coverage of service and manufacturing industries that reflects the modern business environment. Cases cover a range of global brands, ensuring students can apply theory to the real world. New to this edition: - New chapters on CSR, Ethics and "Analyzing the Business" - Increased coverage of performance measurement - New coverage of six sigma and Taguchi - New section on lean management and improving operations - Increased coverage of MRP - Chapters on time and productivity, maintenance and new technology removed - The preface has been overhauled with a section dedicated to the differences between Operations Management and Essentials of Operations Management - All the chapters have been re-worked to make the content broader and the coverage deeper"-- Provided by publisher.
Manufacturing and service enterprise with risks : a stochastic management approach
The economics of transaction costs : theory, methods, and applications
Integrating Master Data Application in a Global Enterprise
Volume one of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places describes how the array of plentiful, high quality fresh fruit, vegetables, and ornamentals supplied to retail consumers is achieved. This feat demands the intensive manipulation of plant growth, reproduction and postharvest husbandry across the globe. International Production Horticulture operates in a free market arena, delivering produce rapidly, safely and reliably for increasingly demanding and discerning consumers. Internationally acknowledge experts describe the science, management and technology which underpins the continuous production and distribution of horticultural produce. The first chapter describes how basic scientific discoveries are continuously applied forming new industries, novel products and influences social practices and behaviour.There follows chapters describing the production of:- Field Vegetables, Temperate Fruit, Tropical Fruit, Citrus, Plantation Crops, Berry Crops, Viticulture, Protected Crops, Flower Crops, Developing New Crops, Post-harvest Handling, Supply Chain Management, and the Environmental Impact of Production. Crop Production Horticulture supports the economic welfare of countries across the World. Its particular impact in Africa is highlighted in the final chapter of this book. Intensive plant production offers enormous economic and social benefits for coming generations particularly as urbanization accelerates. Production Horticulture is an international business centred on partnerships between science, technology, commerce and management. The discipline is based in the physical, chemical, and the biological sciences and integrates natural resources in partnership with others such as economics and engineering.Environmentally careful and sustainable husbandries now form the cornerstones of Production Horticulture. Considerable intellectual and scientific rigour and a strong command of practical business realities are demanded of those who work in this discipline. The contents of this valuable book provide a basis for acquiring these talents.
Production and manufacturing system management : coordination approaches and multi-site planning
Capacitated lot sizing problems : new applications, formulations and algorithms
Studies on the diffusion of new science-based technologies
The Baltic environment, food and health : from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Feeding weaned piglets and growing-finishing pigs with diets based on mainly home-grown organic feedstuffs
Proceedings of the TIIM 2011 International Conference of Technology Innovation and Industrial Management
Engineering economic analysis international
Emissions mitigation in New Zealand dairy farming : a delphi study
The creative industries : culture and policy
Food and agriculture in Papua New Guinea
Data envelopment analysis : theory and techniques for economics and operations research
Business and sustainability
The process of internationalisation : a study of the Swedish manufacturing industry
Estiem Vision of Cycles seminar : February 3-4, 2006 Oulu, Finland : proceedings
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
Manufacturing, planning and control
US Baseline briefing book : projections for agricultural and biofuel markets
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
Crop yield response to water
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
Students' experiences of support during doctoral studies in industrial engineering and management
Analysis factors affecting supply of agricultural products : market liberalization, agricultural policies, bioenergy policies, population growth, input price development, trade policies and other relevant factors
Local economies? : production and exchange of inland regions in late antiquities
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
Inplementation of design to profit in a complex and dynamic business context
Organizing interactive product development
In search of excellence : lessons from America's best-run companies
Journal of industrial ecology
Value creation and structural change during the third industrial revolution : the Swedish economy from a vertical perspective
"This Case for Action urges that improving policy coherence between employment and agricultural initiatives and investigating more in the promotion of decent rural employment contribute highly to the interlinked challenges of fighting rural poverty and feeding a growing world population in a sustainable way. Even more importantly, decent work is a fully fledged human right, enshrined in international human rights law, to which each person is entitled as a means of personal development and socio-economic inclusion. While the ILO leads the Global Employment and Decent Work Agenda, FAO has a crucial comparative advantage in promoting decent work in rural areas, specifically with respect to employment in agriculture, including livestock, forestry, fisheries and management of natural resources, as well as agroprocessing and retailing. Given its mandate to raise levels of nutrition, improve agricultural productivity, better the lives of rural populations and contribute to the growth of the world economy, FAO has a significant responsibility within this context. This Case for Action further clarifies the reasoning behind this statement and suggests entry points for increased synergies and inter-disciplinary collaboration."--Introduction.
Operations strategy
Timber production possibilities and capital yields from the Norwegian forest area
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Annual and seasonal changes in mineral contents (Ca, Mg, P, K and Na) of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
From business system to supply chain and production in Japan : lean production and its roots in Japanese business culture
Policy harmonized approach for the EU agricultural sector modelling
Global industrial relations
Asia and Europe in the new global system : intercultural cooperation and competition scenarios
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2015
Developing international strategies : going and being international for medium-sized companies
Readings in the economics of industrial organization
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
State of Finland's Forest 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Rural poverty report 2001 : the challenge of ending rural poverty
"Chapter 1 Introduction to Lean Management "Our Organization is a Mirror of Our Management Beliefs. To achieve Lean Management, we must first understand what it means to be Lean by absorbing the Lean philosophy, concepts & tools, and then living these Lean beliefs daily. As Kaikaku (Transformation of Mind) emerges, so will the Lean Manager." Richard Charron In a Nutshell In a Lean Organization, Management has two functions; Maintenance/Control of existing processes, and Improvement of existing processes. Regardless of where you stand on the road to being Lean organization, many companies today operate within some form of risk management or cost containment philosophy that addresses the Maintenance /Control function of management. In this environment managers are faced with control of Asset Management; Resource Management; Risk Management, while concurrently being charged with improving organizational performance; Performance Management. Performance Management, the primary focus of a Lean Organization occurs through continuous improvement programs that focus on Education, Socio-technical (belief systems) development, and effective change management. This chapter presents the basics that encompass Lean Management and Leadership in these two critical areas; Maintenance/Control & Improvement. Company examples are used in this chapter to present and discuss the strengths and weaknesses of lean management thinking. The interactions between Asset, Risk, & Resource Management are constantly being weighted against Performance Management or Process Improvement. For example, a look at this organizational struggle between maintenance versus improvement can be evidenced from the in-depth studies in the food and farming industry in the UK"--
The agricultural situation in the European Union : 2002 report
Chilean journal of agricultural research
Finance and strategy
Russia: out of the post-soviet macroeconomic deadlock through a labyrinth of reforms
Manufacturing planning and control systems
Materials Management and Development : Case: Famifarm Oy
MaintWorld
Fundamentals of manufacturing for engineers
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
Industrial robotics : how to implement the right system for your plant
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
Poultry international : production, prosessing and marketing worldwide
Production and operations management : concepts, models and behavior
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Operations management for MBAs
Configurability requirements for product structure
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Managing engineering and technology : an introduction to management for engineers
Students’ experiences of support during doctoral studies in industrial engineering and management
The Whitehall effect : how Whitehall became the enemy of great public services and what we can do about it
Prosuming energy : user innovation and new energy communities in renewable micro-generation
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Natural prevention of internal and external parasites in sheep, Case Tauroa
Farms of northern Finland
The Baltic environment, food and health: from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Guide to supply chain management
"This paper reviews case studies on smallholder seed enterprises in Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India, as well as relevant world literature in order to identify key issues that facilitate or constrain the development of the seed factor. The final section provides some guidelines on policy design and implementation to promote the development of sustainable seed enterprises at different stages in the evolution of national seed factors. It provides examples of good practices and hence seeks to assist governments in identifying ways in which they can support the development of smallholder seed enterprises that will provide the most appropriate varieties to smallholder farmers in their efforts to boost food production."--Provided by publisher
Production economics : the basic theory of production optimisation
"Operations management designs, controls, and oversees the production of a company's goods/services and makes sure this process is both efficient and effective for the consumer. It should be a part of board room discussions and integral in a company's business model and strategic management. After much research and think tank consulting, authors Martin Christopher and Alan Braithwaite believe that business strategies hardly recognize operations management. They maintain that operations need to be seen as more strategic and have highlighted the core fundamentals that business leaders need to be guided by in Business Operations Models. Illustrated by emotive visualization and international case studies, this book offers new thinking in logistics, supply chain management, and operations management"--
Let's fix it! : overcoming the crisis in manufacturing
The economics of industrial organization
Research methods for operations management
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Biofuels engineering process technology
Production and Operations Management
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: I Elevated temperatures
Precision manufacturing
Policy harmonized (PH) approach allows for the quantitative assessment of the impact of various elements of EU CAP direct support schemes, where the production effects of direct payments are accounted through reaction prices formed by producer price and policy price add-ons. Using the AGMEMOD model the impacts of two possible EU agricultural policy scenarios upon beef production have been analysed - full decoupling with a switch from historical to regional Single Payment scheme or alternatively with re-distribution of country direct payment envelopes via introduction of EU-wide flat area payment. The PH approach, by systematizing and harmonizing the management and use of policy data, ensures that projected differential policy impacts arising from changes in common EU policies reflect the likely actual differential impact as opposed to differences in how “common” policies are implemented within analytical models. In the second section of the paper the AGMEMOD model's structure is explained. The policy harmonized evaluation method is presented in the third section. Results from an application of the PH approach are presented and discussed in the paper's penultimate section, while section 5 concludes.
World hunger : 12 myths
Why has Africa become a net food importer : explaining Africa agricultural and food trade deficits
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
This paper summarises the simulated effects on Finnish agricultural production and trade of a 20% decrease in Finnish demand for red meat (beef, pork, lamb). According to our results, reduced red meat consumption would be offset by increased consumption of poultry meat, eggs, dairy products and fish, as well as small increases in consumption of fruits and vegetables, peas, nuts, cereal products and sweets. By including the derived demand changes in an agricultural sector model, we show that livestock production in Finland, incentivised by national production-linked payments for milk and bovine animals, would decrease by much less than 20% due to the complex nature of agricultural production and trade. Overall, assuming unchanged consumer preferences and agricultural policy, a 20% reduction in red meat consumption is not likely to lead to a substantial decrease in livestock production or changed land use, or greenhouse gas emissions, from Finnish agriculture.
Organizational behaviour and management
Indian and Chinese enterprises : global trade, technology and investment regimes
The lean games book ; participative games for learning lean : an instruction book for facilitators
