http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6687 food security
food security
Food security in the Russian Federation
The role of food banks in food security in Uganda : the case of the hunger project food bank, Mbale Epicentre
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : case studies from Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India
Technical background documents : World Food Summit, 13-17 November 1996, Rome, Italy. Vol. 1, 1-5
In search of biohappiness : biodiversity and food, health and livelihood security
Fruit products for profit
World water and food to 2025 : dealing with scarcity
Ecofriendly pest management for food security
Enhancing food security and nutrition policy assistance : lessons from experience
Characterization of Campylobacter jejuni strains from different hosts and modelling the survival of C. jejuni in chicken meat and in water
Bioenergy and food security : the BEFS analytical framework
Seeds in emergencies : a technical handbook
Food and development
Second Global Plan of Action for Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture : adopted by the FAO Council, Rome, Italy, 29 November 2011.
The food crisis in Africa : a comparative structural analysis
Global food security
Climate Resilient Agriculture for Ensuring Food Security comprehensively deals with important aspects of climate resilient agriculture for food security using adaptation and mitigation measures. Climatic changes and increasing climatic variability are likely to aggravate the problem of future food security by exerting pressure on agriculture. For the past few decades, the gaseous composition of the earth's atmosphere has been undergoing significant changes, largely through increased emissions from the energy, industry and agriculture sectors; widespread deforestation as well as fast changes in land use and land management practices. Agriculture and food systems must improve and ensure food security, and to do so they need to adapt to climate change and natural resource pressures, and contribute to mitigating climate change. Climate-resilient agriculture contributes to sustainably increasing agricultural productivity and incomes, adapting and building resilience to climate change and reducing and/or eliminating greenhouse gas emissions where possible. The information on climate resilient agriculture for ensuring food security is widely scattered. There is currently no other book that comprehensively and exclusively deals with the above aspects of agriculture and focuses on ensuring food security. This volume is divided into fourteen chapters, which include the Introduction, Causes of Climate Change, Agriculture as a Source of Greenhouse Gases, Impacts of Climate Change on Agriculture, Regional Impacts on Climate Change, Impacts on Crop Protection, Impacts on Insect and Mite Pests, Impacts on Plant Pathogens, Impacts on Nematode Pests, Impacts on Weeds, Impacts on Integrated Pest Management, Climate Change Adaptation, Climate Change Mitigation, and A Road Map Ahead. The book is extensively illustrated with excellent photographs, which enhance the quality of publication. It is clearly written, using easy-to-understand language. It also provides adoptable recommendations involving eco-friendly adaptation and mitigation measures. This book will be of immense value to the scientific community involved in teaching, research and extension activities. The material can also be used for teaching post-graduate courses. It will also serve as a very useful reference source for policy makers.
Meals to come : a history of the future of food
Land tenure systems and their impacts on food security and sustainable development in Africa
Cities and agriculture : developing resilient urban food systems
Good practices for biosecurity in the pig sector : issues and options in developing and transition countries
Food security and public distribution system today : failures and successes
Food (in)security in rural Rwanda : women's understanding, experiences and coping strategies
Millions across the world face the daily challenge to find enough food to survive. Hunger is on the rise globally, with more than 1.2 billion people suffering from food insecurity. Rising prices are further restricting food access. In this deeply informative study, Majda Bne Saad identifies the causes for global hunger embedded in the current global political and economic system and highlights the key challenges facing food deficit countries. She shows how Western countries share the blame for global hunger through their support for subsidies to agricultural production and biofuels, which have created new challenges to food security worldwide. Bne Saad argues that, as world population rises from 7 billion to 9.2 billion by 2050, there needs to be a 'second green revolution' to grow more food. She looks at the factors constraining low-income nations from achieving food security and considers policies which could generate income and enhance individuals' entitlement to food. --Publisher's description.
Integrated food security phase classification : technical manual version 2.0 : evidence and standards for better food security decisions
Why has Africa become a net food importer : explaining Africa agricultural and food trade deficits
Resilient livelihoods : disaster reduction for food and nutrition security
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Underutilized Plant Species "Crops for the Future - Beyond Food Security" : Kuala Lumbur, Malaysia June 27-July 1, 2011
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Underutilized Plants for Food Security, Nuitrition, Income and Sustainability Development : Arusha, Tanzania, March 3-6, 2008.. Vol. 1
Urbanisation and long-lasting civil wars and conflict mean that the demographic pattern in Sudan is changing drastically. Nevertheless, 60%-80 % of Sudanese engage in subsistence agriculture. Agriculture remains a crucial sector in the economy as a major source of rawmaterials, food and foreign exchange. It employs the majority of the labour force, and serves as a potential vehicle for diversifyingthe economy. However, no rigorous studies have explained productivity in this sector inrelation to food security. The situation has worsened because agriculture in particular has been neglected since the advent of oil production in the early 2000s. Moreover, Sudan's agricultural growth has been unbalanced, with the majority of irrigated agriculture concentrated in the Centre and a huge disparity in development indicators between the best- and worst-performing regions. Thus, studies show that the vast majority of Sudanese are reported to be food insecure, especially internally displaced persons and in conflict regions such as Darfur, Kordofan and other regions.
"The relationship between food and development has always been controversial. Over the last 30 years, development in the north and south has failed to deliver people a decent diet. While some people have too little food and die as a consequence; some people have too much food and die from associated diseases. Furthermore, some methods of food production create social dislocation and deadly environments where biodiversity is eroded and pollution is rampant. While guaranteeing enough food for the world's inhabitants continues to be a serious challenge, new issues about food have emerged.Food and Development is a lively and lucidly written text which provides a clear and accessible introduction to these complex and diverse food related problems. It explores the continued prevalence of mass under nutrition in the developing world; acute food crises in some places associated with conflict; the emergence of over nutrition in the developing world and the vulnerability of the contemporary global food production system. The text identifies the major problems and analyses factors at the international, national and local scales to understand their continued prevalence. The book concludes by evaluating the potential of some oppositional forces to challenge the hegemony of the contemporary food system.This timely and original text will be invaluable to undergraduates interested in the challenges surrounding food and development. The text is richly filled with case studies from the global north and south to illustrate the nature and extent of these urgent issues and their interrelated nature. Each chapter contains a range of features to assist undergraduate learning, including: learning objective, key concepts, summaries, discussion questions, further reading and websites, and follow up activities"--
The sociology of food and agriculture
Integrating food security information in national statistical systems : experiences, achievements, challenges
Governance of tenure making it happen voluntary guidelines on the responsible governance of tenure of land, fisheries and forests in the context of national food security
Socio-economic impacts of bioenergy production
Rethinking public policy in agriculture : lessons from distant and recent history
Report of the FAO Expert Workshop on Assessment and Monitoring of Aquaculture Sector Performance : Gaeta, Italy, 5-7 November 2012.
Inuvialuit food security : country foods, challenges and the role of human security
High global food prices : crisis or opportunity for smallholder farmers in Ethiopia, Malawi and Tanzania
Plant genetic resources and food security : stakeholder perspectives on the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture
Value chain dynamics and the small-scale fisheries and aquaculture trade
Facing the challenges of climate change and food security : the role of research, extension and communication for development
Famine demography : perspectives from the past and present
The locavore's dilemma : in praise of the 10,000-mile diet
FAO Policy on Gender Equality : attaining food security goals in agriculture and rural development
Coping with a changing climate : considerations for adaptation and mitigation in agriculture
China's challenges to human security : foreign relations and global implications
Pastoralists and markets : livestock commercialization and food security in north-eastern Kenya
Pro-poor legal and institutional frameworks for urban and peri-urban agriculture
Edible insects : future prospects for food and feed security
"This volume comprises original, empirically grounded chapters that collectively offer the most comprehensive study available to date on food security in the Middle East. The book starts with a theoretical framing of the phenomena of food security and food sovereignty and presents empirical case studies of Lebanon, Jordan, Palestine, Egypt, Yemen, the Persian Gulf states and Iran. Some of the major themes examined include the ascent and decline of various food regimes, urban agriculture, overseas agricultural land purchases, national food self-sufficiency strategies, distribution networks and food consumption patterns, and nutrition transitions and healthcare. Collectively, the chapters represent highly original contributions to the disciplines of political science, economics, agricultural studies, and healthcare policy"--
Food quality and safety in Europe : FP6 food quality & safety in Europe and food quality & safety and international cooperation
Current status of agriculture and future challenges in Sudan
Agriculture and food in crisis : conflict, resistance, and renewal
Voluntary guidelines to support the progressive realization of the right to adequate food in the context of national food security
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Governing land for women and men : a technical guide to support the achievement of responsible gender-equitable governance of land tenure
Food security, biological diversity, and intellectual property rights
The Oxford handbook of the economics of food consumption and policy
Experiences of climate change adaptation in Africa
Agroforestry ; an ecological tool
Towards a more development friendly Common Agricultural Policy (CAP)
The potential of urban agriculture for enhanced food security in Bangkok, Thailand
Contributed articles presented at the International Conference on Vegetables during November 2002, at Bangalore, India.
Looking a gift horse in the mouth : the case of Zambia's refusal to accept American food aid / by Cassandra Bergstrøm
The state of food and agriculture 2008 : biofuels : prospects, risks and opportunities
Introduction to the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture
Essays on gender issues, food security, and technology adoption in East Africa
Water scarcity and food security along the Nile : politics, population increase and climate change
Global food security and supply
Assessing the cultural potential of ecological sanitation in improving waste management and food security in The Taita Hills, Kenya
Food and nutrition security in Africa : FoodAfrica Midterm Seminar in Helsinki 16th June 2014 : book of abstracts
Food security and development : final report Feb 4, 2011 : commissioned development research of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, intervention code 89822609.
Non-traditional security issues in North Korea
Voluntary guidelines on the governance of tenure at a glance
The impact of climate change and bioenergy on nutrition
Rural development in Swat, Pakistan : understanding food and livelihood security in post-conflict contexts
Action plan of the global strategy to improve agricultural and rural statistics : for food security, sustainable agriculture and rural development
Conservation and sustainable use under the International Treaty
Methods to monitor the human right to adequate food. Vol. 1, Making the case for rights-focused and rights-based monitoring
Green biotechnology and food security : a joint master's programme by the University of Eastern Finland and the Kazakh National Agrarian University
Sammanfattning (Summary in Swedish).
Food safety regulatory compliance : catalyst for a lean and sustainable food supply chain
Climate vulnerability : understanding and addressing threats to essential resources. Vol. 2, Vulnerability of food resources to climate
Coping with water scarcity : an action framework for agriculture and food security
Global restructuring and land rights in Ghana : forest food chains, timber and rural livelihoods
Feeding the dragon : agriculture-China and the GMS
Food & society : principles and paradoxes
Impacts of ozone pollution on food security in the UK : a case study for two contrasting years, 2006 and 2008
"This paper reviews case studies on smallholder seed enterprises in Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India, as well as relevant world literature in order to identify key issues that facilitate or constrain the development of the seed factor. The final section provides some guidelines on policy design and implementation to promote the development of sustainable seed enterprises at different stages in the evolution of national seed factors. It provides examples of good practices and hence seeks to assist governments in identifying ways in which they can support the development of smallholder seed enterprises that will provide the most appropriate varieties to smallholder farmers in their efforts to boost food production."--Provided by publisher
Safeguarding food security in volatile global markets
Water for food, water for life : a comprehensive assessment of water management in agriculture
Socioeconomic and environmental impacts of biofuels : evidence from developing nations
International security studies : theory and practice
Impact of micro hydropower (MHP) based electrification on rural livelihoods : case study Nam Mong in Luang Prabang province, Lao PDR
Environment and society : human perspectives on environmental issues
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Commercial aquaculture and economic growth, poverty alleviation and food security : assessment framework
"With the global population projected to reach 9 billion by the year 2050, the need for nations to secure food supplies for their populations has never been more pressing. Finding better supply chain solutions is an essential part of achieving a secure and sustainable diet for a rapidly increasing population. We are now in a position, through methods including life cycle assessment (LCA), carbon footprinting and other tools, to accurately measure and assess our use - or misuse - of natural resources, including food. The impact of new technologies and management systems can therefore improve efficiencies and find new ways to reduce waste.Global Food Security and Supply provides robust, succinct information for people who want to understand how the global food system works. The book demonstrates the specific tools available for understanding how food supply works, addresses the challenges facing a secure and safe global food supply, and helps readers to appreciate how these challenges might be overcome.This book is a concise and accessible text that focuses on recent data and findings from a range of international collaborations and studies. The author provides both a snapshot of global food supply and security today, and a projection of where these issues may lead us in the future. This book will therefore be of particular interest to food policy leaders, commercial managers in the food industry, and researchers and students seeking a better understanding of a rapidly evolving topic"--
Report of the Inception Workshop of the FAO Extrabudgetary Programme on Fisheries and Aquaculture for Poverty Alleviation and Food Security : Rome, 27-30, October 2009.
Food security and food safety = La sécurité alimentaire
Food security in the Middle East
Summary (s. 3-14).
The concept of food and nutrition security has evolved and risen to the top of the international policy agenda over the last decade. Yet it is a complex and multi-faceted issue, requiring a broad and inter-disciplinary perspective for full understanding. This Handbook represents the most comprehensive compilation of our current knowledge of food and nutrition security from a global perspective. It is organized to reflect the wide scope of the contents, its four sections corresponding to the accepted current definitional frameworks prevailing in the work of multilateral agencies and mainstream scholarship. The first section addresses the struggles and progression of ideas and debates about the subject in recent years. The other sections focus on three key themes: how food has been, is and should be made available, including by improvements in agricultural productivity; the ways in which politico-economic and social arenas have shaped access to food; and the effects of food and nutrition systems in addressing human health, known as food utilisation. Overall, the volume synthesizes a vast field of information drawn from agriculture, soil science, climatology, economics, sociology, human and physical geography, the nutrition and health sciences, environmental science and development studies.
Climate change and food systems resilience in Sub-Saharan Africa
Voluntary guidelines on the responsible governance of tenure of land, fisheries and forests in the context of national food security
Biodiversity and poverty : ten frequently asked questions - ten policy implications
Food security in Africa : market and trade policy for staple foods in Eastern and southern Africa
From carbon source to sink : managing agriculture for climate change mitigation and food production in Ethiopia
Outgrowing the earth : the food security challenge in an age of falling water tables and rising temperatures
Methods to monitor the human right to adequate food. Vol. 2, An overview of approaches and tools
Impact of agricultural market liberalization on food security in developing countries : a comparative study of Kenya and Zambia
The global hunger crisis : tackling food insecurity in developing countries
Climate resilient agriculture for ensuring food security
Synthetic account of the second global plan of action for plant genetic resources for food and agriculture
Routledge handbook of food and nutrition security
Progress in plant nutrition : plenary lectures of the XIV International Plant Nutrition Colloquium : food security and sustainability of agro-ecosystems through basic and applied research
Food trade and foreign policy : India, the Soviet Union, and the United States
"In 2050, the population in all the Nile Basin countries is expected to be ten times higher than it was in 1950. This will put ever increasing pressure on water as a resource for development. The Nile Basin catchment area is shared by 11 countries covering about one-tenth of the African continent. Globally, around 70 per cent of fresh water consumption is used in agriculture. This puts the spotlight on future scenarios regarding food production: will there be enough water for food security in the Nile Basin countries? In this Current African Issues publication, water scarcity and food security are analysed from a range of perspectives. What are the future predictions regarding population increase and climate change, and how will these affect development in Nile Basin countries? What are the current water theories addressing the above issues, and what are the main challenges the Nile Basin countries will face in a context that is also strongly shaped by its history?" --Publisher's description.
Ozone pollution : a hidden threat to food security :report prepared by the ICO Vegetation
The state of food insecurity in the world 2014 : strengthening the enabling environment for food security and nutrition
Famines in India : a study in some aspects of the economic history of India with special reference to food problem, 1860-1990
Animal diseases that are known to spread primarily through human activities can be prevented and controlled through the application of biosecurity measures along the production and marketing chain, together with increased awareness and education. With this document, FAO, OIE and the World Bank aim to provide applied biosecurity recommendations to all pork production stakeholders in the numerous pig farming systems worldwide, particularly in developing and transition countries. Pig farmers are the main intended beneficiaries of the paper, but it is also of use to veterinary and technical service providers who are in a position to deliver and implement the proposed measures, to decision-makers in government and to project managers in agricultural development.--Publisher's description.
Respecting free, prior and informed consent : practical guidance for governments, companies, NGOs, indigenous peoples and local communities in relation to land acquisition
A land cover study for agroforestry interventions in Southwest Uganda
Two decades of discussion on charitable food aid in Finland : analysing the framing by and through the media
Traditional fermented food and beverages for improved livelihoods
The state of food insecurity in the world 2013 : the multiple dimensions of food security
Food security and global environmental change
Food security and vegetables : a global perspective
Home gardens in Msunduza : urban agriculture as a contribution to food security
The global food crisis, its causes and consequences
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Plant nutrition for food security : a guide for integrated nutrient management
Technical background documents : World Food Summit, 13-17 November 1996, Rome, Italy. Vol. 2, 6-11
Feeding frenzy : the new politics of food
Guidance note : integrating the right to adequate food into food and nutrition security programmes
World aquaculture 2010
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
EU development policy and poverty reduction : enhancing effectiveness
"In this report FAO establishes, based on contemporary and historical precedents, the need for developing countries to adopt policies that ensure strong complementarity between targeted public-sector interventions and private sector roles. The report provides a wide range of examples and highlights three important lessons. First, in all the now-developed countries, governments, at the early stages of economic development, supported agriculture through, inter alia, price stabilization and provision of inputs such as seeds and fertilizer. Second, the wide array and mix of policy options adopted by countries clearly underlines the importance of taking a pragmatic and flexible approach rather than getting locked into pro-state or pro-private-sector ideological viewpoints. Finally, agriculture thrives best when there is continuity in policy and public-sector support. In food insecure countries, state subventions are often justifiable to ensure price stability, food availability and affordability and, ultimately, political stability which are required for long-term investment and development."--Publisher's description
Fighting famine in North China : state, market, and environmental decline, 1690s-1990s
