http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p668 reporting
reporting
SOTE reporting: meeting the end-users : user base understanding and front-end optimisation's recommendations
Research, standard setting, and global financial reporting
Delivery preparations in statistic data warehouse environment
Corporate Responsibility Reporting Based on GRI Reporting Standard : Development of reporting of case companies Cargolux, Finnair and SAS
Abstract: How has the usefulness of financial reports fared through the financial crisis? This is the question that this research aims to answer. This research will discuss the characteristics of useful financial reports, how they have come under question during the financial crisis and what remedies can be implemented. The research presents a survey of 30 employees of corporate customers of banks in Finland and discusses their views of how the usefulness of financial reports has fared in the financial crisis.
A comparative study of CSR reports : the case of leading energy companies in the U.S. and Russia
Interpreting and reporting clinical trials : a guide to the CONSORT statement and the principles of randomised controlled trials
Order Book and Volume Tracking Tool
Using information from incident reporting system as part of developing patient safety.
What do investors want from corporate responsibility reporting? : case venture capital investors in the Nordic cleantech sector
Directly measured and self-reported physical activity in a sample of Finnish secondary school students
The ethical journalist : making responsible decisions in the digital age
The cash flow statement under scrutiny : six problem areas that make it less useful than it could be
Integrated reporting : a quantitative study on the value relevance of integrated reporting
Crystal Reports 2008 : the complete reference
Significance of Financial Reporting to Stakeholders in Nigeria-Investor's Perspective
Severe under-reporting of work injuries in many countries of the Baltic Sea Region : an exploratory semi-qunatitative study
Capital expenditure reporting process : closing and reporting, Tampere; UPM Kymmene Oy
Effective technical writing and publication techniques : a guide for technical writers, engineers and technical communicators
Expertise and decision making among clinicians in investigations of alleged child sexual abuse
Web-based work-time reporting
Corporate responsibility reporting based on GRI reporting standard : development of reporting of case companies Cargolux, Finnair and SAS
Wiley IFRS 2016 is your one-stop resource for understanding and implementing the current International Financial Reporting Standards as dictated by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Fully updated to cover the latest standards and IFRIC interpretations, this book provides clear and concise explanation alongside practical implementation guidance.
Buprenorphine : features of abuse and methods for improving unobserved dosing in opioid substitution treatment
Service intelligence : improving your bottom line with the power of IT service management
The elements of news writing
Working the story : a guide to reporting and news writing for journalists and public relations professionals
The manager's handbook to preparing and using financial reports
Effects of material weakness on stock exchange market : the inpack of Sarbanes Oxley Act in companies' share price
Wall Street research : past, present, and future
Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009 : professional reporting
Norway spruce fine root dynamics and carbon input into soil in relation to environmental factors
Towars a role-based reporting in a multi-system environment : developing Team Foundation Server reporting at Basware Corporation
The role of auditors in the Finnish limited liability companies as to solvency test in the context of asset distribution
Corporate Responsibility Reporting on the Consumer Perspective : Case: Coca-Cola Company
Development of test management reporting concept for Nokia
This thesis was commissioned by UPM-Kymmene Oyj. In first quarter of the year 2013 a Business Controlling Transition Project was conducted in Paper Business Group of UPM-Kymmene Oyj as a result which, it was decided to transfer the responsibility for capital expenditure reporting from Northern Europe region mill sites to the Financial Services. The objective of this thesis study was to develop the capital expenditure re-porting process and reporting tools to support the process for the Paper, Pulp, Energy and Functions Finland team, which will be responsible for the reporting after the transition is completed. The literature for this study relies on the accounting guidelines of UPM-Kymmene Oyj, and on theory about business reporting process re-engineering. Data collection for the study was carried out by studying the existing reporting processes of the company. For the purpose of collecting information, interviews and workshops were conducted with the professionals involved with the capital expenditure reporting and the transition project. These data collection methods were chosen in order to succeed in developing a truly functional reporting process which meets the requirements and objectives set by the commissioning company. This study presents a proposal for the new reporting process. The process has been designed to be harmonious between the reported mill sites, and to assign clear roles and responsibilities. At the same time, duplicate and dispensable tasks have been removed. As a result the end-to-end time of the process should be as short as possible. This is a favourable quality for the existing processes of the Paper, Pulp, Energy and Functions Finland team. The reporting tools developed in this study aim to automatize difficult tasks in the process and decrease the number of mistakes. Further research will be required for certain parts of the reporting process. At least the future responsibilities of project accounting, compilation of the Statistical Key Figures and the internal transfer issue should be re-examined in the next stage. At the request of UPM-Kymmene Oyj, information considered confidential has been removed from the published version of this study.
Guide for a russian representative office's cost reporting to Finland
Improving purchasing performance measurement : an action research in a Finnish multinational ́s Russian business unit
Measuring the effectiveness of public procurement
Project management accounting : budgeting, tracking, and reporting costs and profitability
Taster session. 12, Report writing skills : a resource pack for a 3-hour taster session
Security consulting
Applied Microsoft SQL server 2008 reporting services : a guide to the leading reporting platform
"An updated new edition of the comprehensive guide to reading and understanding financial reportsFinancial reports provide vital information to investors, lenders, and managers. Yet, the financial statements in a financial report seem to be written in a foreign language that only accountants can understand. This new Eighth Edition of How to Read a Financial Report breaks through that language barrier, clears away the fog, and offers a plain-English user's guide to financial reports. This updated edition features new information on the move toward separate financial and accounting reporting standards for private companies, the emergence of websites offering financial information, pending changes in the auditor's report language and what this means to investors, and requirements for XBRL tagging in reporting to the SEC, among other topics. Makes it easy to understand what financial reports really say Updated to include the latest information financial reporting standards and regulatory changes Written by an author team with a combined 50-plus years of experience in financial accounting With this new edition of How to Read a Financial Report, investors will find everything they need to fully understand the profit, cash flow, and financial condition of any business"--
Web-enabled reporting as a means for improving customer relationships, customer communication and the end-to-end process in IT-outsourcing with vendors
Project reporting
Statistical collaboratibe analytics platform as a business environment
Order book and volume tracking tool
International Financial Reporting Standards adoption in a continental European context: perspectives of preparers
Essays on accounting conservatism and goodwill write-offs
Streamlining travel expence report instructions: case: UPM-Kymmene Oyj
SAP query reporting tools
A guide to style and techniques for all written communication. From the dos and don'ts of English grammar, to jargon and cliches, to the important legal considerations, It advises on how to write clear, appropriate and engaging copy and tailor your approach to different mediums and audiences.
Software failure metric reporting solution to the needs of Java Team : web intelligence tool utilization
Corporate social responsibility : reporting practices in Finland
Schaum's quick guide to writing great research papers
Syrjinnän seuranta Suomessa = Uppfölning av diskriminering i Finland = Monitoring of discrimination in Finland
Predictive maintenance in MicroSCADA application
Cambridge marketing handbook : research
NGOs and organizational change : discourse, reporting and learning
The research process
Centers for learning : writing centers and libraries in collaboration
Corporate social responsibility reporting and financial market performance : do investors care about CSR disclosures
Newsworkers : a comparative European perspective
The organization of this title follows the logic of the marketing research process. The book begins by discussing the scope of marketing research, and provides an overview of problem definition and the marketing research process.
IT outsourcing is a mutually agreed upon form of co-operation and both the customer and the IT vendor need trustworthy up-to-date information concerning the IT vendor's performance. Reporting to the customer meets the challenges of communication and managing the customer relationship. Even though the current reporting system was developed according to mutually agreed-upon guidelines, it needs improvement and this study aims to meet those challenges. Mostly manually-prepared reporting requires a lot of labour and is predisposed to human errors. This thesis is an actionable plan to produce an interactive – partly or totally automatic - channel between the IT vendor and the customer. The study begins with a review of the present state of reporting. Chapter two covers the theoretical framework of outsourcing, communication and customer relationships and satisfaction. After the theoretical chapter, four different scenarios and suggestions are presented. These suggestions present different ways to improve reporting starting from the easiest manner to a very challenging fully automatic info channel. This study does not present the implementation of the recommended system. However, the thesis describes the phases of implementation. At the end of the study, recommendations concerning the chosen scenario are made. In conclusion, the study compares different suggestions with theories and combines those with each other. The approach of the study is constructive. Original data was gathered manually via interviews and using the previously collected reporting data from various IT vendors' databases.
Essays on earnings management in private firms
Service reporting and follow-up in EAI environment
The last decade has seen a transformation of journalism industries and the working lives of our journalists. Do the changes have the same impact everywhere? Do journalists today experience these changes as a pressure or as a possibility? Is something irrevocably lost from journalism with these changes? "Newsworkers" takes a broad range of European countries - North and South, East and West, big and small - comparing in each how journalism as work has been affected by the changes in journalism institutions. The book looks at three pertinent and topical questions: the role of technology in changing journalism work practice; the decline or not of professional values; and whether journalism is becoming more homogenous across national borders. Drawing on extensive and original research, the book provides a comprehensive picture of contemporary European journalism.
Monitoring and reporting of the Cisco Unified Communications environment
IFRS manual of accounting - 2008 : global guide to International Financial Reporting Standards
Application oriented security overview : developing reporting system for service provider
Developing a new method for cash flow calculation for management reporting
SQL reporting tools : a comparison of three major SQL reporting tools
Requirement specification of reporting based on ITIL
The effect of limiting statutory auditors' civil liability on financial reporting quality : empirical evidence on liability caps and earnings management in Europe
Improving purchasing performance measurement : an action research in a Finnish multinational's Russian business unit
Abstract: Corporate responsibility reporting based on GRI reporting standard : development of reporting of case companies Cargolux, Finnair and SAS. This thesis examined the corporate responsibility (CR) reporting. The thesis consists of theoretical part and a multiple case study, in which the CR reports of three European airlines are analysed. All of the case companies are reporting according to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) guidelines, which is the most commonly used reporting standard globally. The aim of the study was to find out how the CR reports of the case companies have developed during the past five years and how well the reports match the GRI reporting guidelines. Also some conclusions were drawn on how the reports could be improved further. This study was conducted by using qualitative research methods. The theoretical part was constructed by thorough research of literature on the topic. The main sources of information for the case study were the CR reports of the case companies from the past five years. Also an interview of one company representative was conducted to gain insight to matters that were left unanswered after the study of the literature and the reports. The findings of the study show that GRI guidelines set a good basis for the reporting, but still leave enough latitude for the companies to emphasise the matters they find the most relevant. It was noticed that environmental issues were given the most space in the reports, but during the recent years there has been a significant rise in the reporting of social matters.
Disclosures and judgment in financial reporting : essays on accounting quality under International Financial Reporting Standards
Wiley 2016 interpretation and application of International Financial Reporting Standards
Abstract: Currently UPM plywood production has a tailor made reporting platform that handles all production related data. This reporting platform is called PlyNET and it is based on Mi-crosoft SQL Reporting Services (SSRS) technology. PlyNET platform is fully developed by the UPM IT-department and in the long run that could cause problems concerning product support and future development. During 2011-2012 UPM has implemented a standard MES solution for plywood production based on GE Intelligent Platforms' Proficy product family. This system is called PlyMES. the Proficy platform includes standard out-of-the-box reports, but these reports were found to be insufficient and needed to be extended or replaced. To be able to extend PlyMES reports and merge these with existing PlyNET reports, Novotek Report Plus (NRP) reporting tool was chosen as a candidate. Like PlyNET, the NRP platform is also based on standard SQL Server Reporting Services (SRSS) technology. Using NRP, UPM specific reports based on data in the PlyMES system can be designed and existing PlyNET reports can be merged together with PlyMES reports into single reporting portal. The goal of this thesis is to explore the possibility to use Novotek Report Plus as a single reporting portal for PlyMES and PlyNET reports. Alongside of this project WIP inventory balance, plywood average thickness and produced plywood quantity reports will be de-signed and created.
Practical analytics : applied analytics concepts using market-leading software tools
Challenges in adopting International Financial Reporting Standards for banking sector in Vietnam
Views on future maritime occupational accident statistics
Adverse drug reactions in children : questionnaire survey about Finnish children under 12 years of age
DATA TRANSFER AND REPORTING : Documentation and execution
"Suitable for both beginners and advanced users, this book shows you how to write reports in simple languages such as Markdown. The reports range from homework, projects, exams, books, blogs, and web pages to any documents related to statistical graphics, computing, and data analysis. While familiarity with LaTeX and HTML is helpful, the book requires no prior experience with advanced programs or languages. For beginners, the text provides enough features to get started on basic applications. For power users, the last several chapters enable an understanding of the extensibility of the knitr package."--
Writing skills for public relations : style and technique for mainstream and social media
Integrating corporate social responsibility into business in Finnish consumer goods companies
Reporting on interest rate risk hedging by European banks : analysis of annual reports
Test case and test report management tooling : case MEHT
The Faber book of reportage
Security supervision and management : theory and practice of asset protection
International Financial Reporting Standards adoption in a continental European context : perspectives of preparers
The Suitability of Thinking Portfolio® Software in Project Reporting. Case: Cargotec
Workplace communication : process and product
Incident reporting in shipping : experiences and best practices for the Baltic Sea
The developing of project progress reporting : case company Teollisuuden Voima Oyj
Good practices in corporate reporting
Accidents : causes, investigation and prevention
8D structured problem solving : a guide to creating high quality 8D  reports
How to develop reporting in Nokia Device Quality : case Software Asset Performance team report
The international financial reporting standards from the perspective of the Finnish accounting thought : three essays
Asset management in customer relation with Stora Enso
Corporate Social Responsibility: Approaches and Criticism
The writer's eye : composition in the multimedia age
Essentials of marketing research
Critical aspects in Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) reporting for forest industries in global bioenergy markets : an expert survey within Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Framework
Improving reporting practices from a nurse's point of view
Financial reporting with SAP
The Routledge companion to auditing
Systematizing critical data : a database approach to simplify project follow-up
Integrated reporting in the European Union
Usefulness of banks' financial reports in a time of crisis : evidence from corporate customers of banks in Finland
Essays on internal control and external auditing in the context of financial reporting quality
Requirements analysis and a tool for best practices of reporting in the order-to-delivery chain ín a producing company
Usefulness of banks’ financial reports in a time of crisis: evidence from corporate customers of banks in Finland
Principles of auditing : an introduction to international standards on auditing
Handbook of psychodiagnostic testing : analysis of personality in the psychological report
African news flow in Africa - new patterns or old habits? : African foreign news coverage in two Namibian and two Tanzanian newspapers
How to read a financial report : wringing vital signs out of the numbers
Cases in financial reporting : an integrated approach with an emphasis on earnings and persistence
Aerobic fitness, energy balance and BMI are associated with training load assessed by activity energy expenditure
The comprehensive handbook of school safety
IFRS and XBRL : how to improve business reporting through technology and object tracking
PlyMes reporting
Financial accounting and reporting
Identifying risk with medication use : beyond error reporting
Adoption of the electronic financial reporting standard in Finnish companies
Accountable marketing: linking marketing actions to financial performance
Dynamic documents with R and knitr
National reporting systems for patient safety incidents : a review of the situation in Europe
Modernising the EU accounts : enhanced management information and greater transparency : your guide to the EU's new financial reporting
The value relevance of voluntary reported intangible assets : case: Finnish publicly listed companies
Benefitting from corporate social responsibility reports : examining the practices among European financial institurions
PlyMES Reporting
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 reporting services
Study of internal controls in ERP environment : impact on the quality of financial statements: auditors’ perspective
Library for excellent reporting
Integrated reporting : critical factors for implementing the international integrated reporting framework
The effect of SOX 404 material weaknesses and their remediation on accrual quality
Guidelines for pH measurement in conservation
Abstract: The theme of this thesis was to develop a financial reporting package for case company which is operating as a resource management company in the energy sector. The aim of development project was to produce financial information of the case company which serves and supports management decision-making. The management of the company will get information as result of the reporting package of budgeting, financial result and profitability as well as their comparison with the data. Also, awareness of cash management and financial situation add information value of the financial position of the company. The development project was done by qualitative research method. Data collection was done by using earlier researched material of the topic as well as theme interviews and questionnaires. The aim was to develop a reporting package which corresponds to the case company's requirements and needs. The focus of the study was in internal accounting.  The theory of the development project was based on both written and electronic literature, industry publications and an industry expert interview. The interview based on the interviewees' own expertise point of view. The theory part was focusing to the financial accounting reports relating to the contents and purpose of them. Internal accounting reports were focusing to the requirements of the company management. Also process of a development project was part of the theory. The data was collected from an accounting program, the theme interviews and discussions with the CEO of the case company. The CEO was part of the development project by defining the management needs and requirements for the financial reporting package. The interviews and discussions were focusing to the interviewee's user based and management work perspective. The research was analyzed and implemented to the reporting package.  The financial reporting package will be used as a management tool to support decision-making. The case company will use the reporting package by having customized information, increasing profitability and re-defining business strategies. The reporting package will be developed to form the current needs of the company in the future.
Integrated reporting : a new form of firm's interaction with stakeholders
International financial reporting and analysis
The Handbook of Psychodiagnostic Testing is an invaluable aid to students and professionals performing psychological assessments. It takes the reader from client referral to finished report, demonstrating how to synthesize details of personality and pathology into a document that is focused, coherent, and clinically meaningful. This new edition covers emerging areas in borderline and narcissistic pathologies, psychological testing of preschool children, and bilingual populations. It also discusses the most current clinical issues and evaluating populations on which standard psychological tests have not been standardized.
A way of seeing corporate sustainability reporting
Development of financial reporting package for management work
Failing intelligence : the true story of how we were fooled into going to war in Iraq
SAP business intelligence : implementing SAP business object enterprise XI architecture into a data warehouse production environment
Triple bottom line reporting in the pharmaceutical industry : an analysis of corporate social responsibility reports in pharmaceutical companies
Maximize your warehouse operations with SAP ERP
Basic marketing research : integration of social media : study guide with technology manual
A transition framework for TIP Trailer Services : How can TIP Trailer Services improve its operational reporting efficiency in terms of time for data analysis by transitioning to a new Business Intelligence software for 30% by the end of 2016?
Environmental reporting of clothing retailers : a longitudinal study on measurement practices and legitimacy
Logistic core operations with SAP : inventory management, warehousing, transportation
Impacts of changes in non-mandatory regulation on Finnish management reports
Financial accounting
Corporate social responsibility : from theory into financial statement : UPM Kymmene Oyj
Internal control, risk management and internal audit in Finnish public companies
Not just for the sake of a report : enhancing corporate social responsibility reporting by involving stakeholders
Poetry as method : reporting research through verse
The quality of published accounting information in Russia
"Preface We import a dataset into a statistical software package, run a procedure to get all results, then copy and paste selected pieces into a typesetting program, add a few descriptions and finish a report. This is a common practice of writing statistical reports. There are obvious dangers and disadvantages in this process: 1. it is error-prone due to too much manual work; 2. it requires lots of human efforts to do tedious jobs such as copying results across documents; 3. the workflow is barely recordable especially when it involves GUI (Graphical User Interface) operations, therefore it is difficult to reproduce; 4. a tiny change of the data source in the future will require the author(s) to go through the same procedure again, which can take nearly the same amount of time and effort; 5. the analysis and writing are separate, so close attention has to be paid to the synchronization of the two parts; In fact, a report can be generated dynamically from program code. Just like a software package has its source code, a dynamic document is the source code of a report. It is a combination of computer code and the corresponding narratives. When we compile the dynamic document, the program code in it is executed and replaced with the output; we get a final report by mixing the code output with the narratives. Because we only manage the source code, we are free of all the possible problems above. For example, we can change a single parameter in the source code, and get a different report on the fly."--
The market for learning : leading transparent higher education
"We are not green, but I know we are getting greener" : constructions of environmental management : a frame analysis on corporate environmental and sustainability reports
"Soft" points of international financial reporting standards
Documentation and management of technical calculations in Normet Oy
