http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6684 industrial economy
industrial economy
World Factory in Crisis : Global Economy Downturn as a Speedbump on the Path of Development in China’s Pearl River Delta, and the Twisty Road for Recovery
Towards bioeconomy : a three-phase Delphi study on forest biorefinery diffusion in Scandinavia and North America
The adjustment to market economy of industrial enterprises in the transition process in Russia
Indian and Chinese enterprises : global trade, technology and investment regimes
Key to the Finnish forest industry
New forms of work organisation and industrial relations in southern Europe
Business statistics : a first course
Splitting and measuring intra-industry trade
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2007.
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
China rules : globalization and political transformation / edited by Ilan Alon ... [et al]
Elements of economics. 1, Elements of economics of industry
"Industrial Organization: Markets and Strategies provides an up-to-date account of modern industrial organization that blends theory with real-world applications. Written in a clear and accessible style, it acquaints the reader with the most important models for understanding strategies chosen by firms with market power and shows how such firms adapt to different market environments. It covers a wide range of topics including recent developments on product bundling, branding strategies, restrictions in vertical supply relationships, intellectual property protection, and two-sided markets, to name just a few. Models are presented in detail and the main results are summarized as lessons. Formal theory is complemented throughout by real-world cases that show students how it applies to actual organizational settings. The book is accompanied by a website containing a number of additional resources for lecturers and students, including exercises, answers to review questions, case material and slides"--Provided by publisher.
Banks and industrial finance in Britain 1800-1939
Industrial management : tools and techniques
Knowledge and decisions in environmental contexts : a case study of the pulp and paper industry
The procurement value proposition : the rise of supply management
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Use of biomass fuels in the brick-making industries of Sudan : implications for deforestation and greenhouse gas emission
Foundations of operations management : strategy and analysis
Technology and structural change : productivity in the Finnish manufacturing industries, 1925-2000
Dutch disease in a Gabonese context : a case study
Environmental protection expenditure in industry
Innovation, evolution of industry and economic growth. Vol. 1
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
The management and measurement of infrastructure : performance, efficiency and innovation
Industrial ecosystem : using the material and energy flow model of an ecosystem in an industrial system
"Intelligent and resource-efficient production technologies" (EffTech) programme : programme report 2008-2010
Discourses of ecology and new biotechnology in the Finnish forest sector - combining old structures and net technologies
The weight of nations : material outflows from industrial economies
Finnish forest sector economic outlook 2015-2016 : executive summary
Japan's lost decade : origins, consequences and prospects for recovery
Sustainability in the process industry : integration and optimization
Scrutinizing a policy ambition to make business out of science : lessons from Taiwan
International experiences in Eco-industrial parks
Impact of the globalizing forest industry of ecosystem services : corporate responsibility and the sustainable management of coupled human-environment systems
Operations management : processes and value chains
This article focuses on the most recent internationalisation of Finnish forest companies. The profiles of the major companies are analysed. A 'world map' is drawn to illustrate the gradual formation of forest-industrial spaces in three scales: the articulation of Finnish (national) forest interest is related to the strategic openings of the Finnish forest companies within European (continental) and global (transcontinental) contexts. The suggested world map covers both the active exporting of the 'Finnish model' and the subsequent new location of Finland in the international networks. Both material and symbolic dimensions of the process are highlighted. The slow dynamics of the paper production is set against the current fluidity of societal demands that are fed by intensifying competition between the leading companies, profit maximation among the shareholders, and keen steering by globally aware environmentalists and consumers. Finally, the eco-social consequences of the contested globalisation process are addressed by examining the most controversial signs and signals. These include size ranking of the companies, profit hunting, image and identity politics, and product certifications. The theoretical framework is based on the political-ecology literature inspired by actor- and context-specific approaches. Hence, the aim is a simultaneous analysis of both material and symbolic changes in forest industrial practices.
Manufacturing systems engineering : a unified approach to manufacturing technology, production management, and industrial economics
An introduction to industrial economics
Benefits of agricultural and forestry machinery standardization in Finland
Advanced industrial economics
Managing human resources for environmental sustainability
Component commonality in engineering-to-order contexts : contextualfactors explaining cost management and management control implications
The Finland in Figures publication is a compact information package that presents Finland in various ways and also contains international comparison data. The publication is like a visiting card for those needing information about Finland and it can be handed out in both domestic and international contexts.
Samsung Electronics and the struggle for leadership of the electronics industry
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
Health policy and high-tech industrial development : learning from innovation in the health industry
Factory physics : foundations of manufacturing management
Energy anf Lifecycle-efficient Metal Processes : final report 5/2014
World factory in crisis : global economy downturn as a speedbump on the path of development in China's Pearl River Delta, and the twisty road for recovery
New efficiency theory : with applications of data envelopment analysis
Creating a procurement strategy for an importing company
Finland in figures 2012
Northwest Russian Forest Sector in a Nutshell
Economic reforms and growth of small scale industries
"The industrial economy is transforming from a production-based model into a more intelligent performance-based model. Yet despite the proven benefits that selling performance provides, too many managers and policy makers still focus on designing, manufacturing, and selling goods using costly economic models and production methods." "Replete with case studies, new examples, and decades of proven research, the second edition of The Performance Economy outlines the strategies needed to face tomorrow's challenges by using science and knowledge to improve product performance, create jobs, and increase wealth and welfare. Additional topics include a description of the skills needed to produce and sell performance, details of how performance is managed over time (long-term thinking), and clear explanations that illustrate how manual and skilled jobs are created all while reducing the consumption of non-renewable resources and contributing to a low carbon, low toxin society." "This book is essential reading for all interested in development economics, and industrial and business economics."--BOOK JACKET.
Future development possibilities of talent management under the influence of ‘Industry 4.0’
Process engineering economics
Non-distorting farm support to enhance global food production
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Handbook of industrial organization. Vol. 1 [Elektronisk resurs]
Innovation, evolution of industry and economic growth. Vol. 2
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2004.
HRM practices and firm performance : evidence from Finnish manufacturing
Innovation and technological change in Eastern Europe : pathways to industrial recovery
Researching operations management
Blueprints to a billion : 7 essentials to achieve exponential growth
Creating wealth from knowledge : meeting the innovation challenge
The theory of incentives : the principal-agent model
Decision making towards sustainability in process industry : drivers, barriers and business opportunities
20 keys to workplace improvement
Coal, commerce and communism : empirical studies on energy history in the Czech republic
Selecting the right manufacturing improvement tools : what tool? when?
Cluster policies in europe : firms, institutions and governance
Planning and replanning within the material requirements planning environment : a transform approach
Foreign investment, law and sustainable development : a handbook on agriculture and extractive industries
Finland : a role model for Europe
Conditions and prospects for increasing forest yield in northern Europe
Biotechnical methods for improvement of energy economy in mechanical pulping
Managing the China challenge : global perspectives
Empirical evidence on international outsourcing in production
Collective action and bilateral interaction in Ghanaian entrepreneurial networks
A theoretical framework for a high-tech based regional development strategy
Industries in Europe : competition, trends, and policy issues
Japan's network economy : a structure, persistence, and change
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Collaborative manufacturing : using real-time information to support the supply chain
World food prospects : critical issues for the early twenty-first century
Geneva timber and forest study papers
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Multinational firms and industry dynamics in host countries : the case of Belgium
The integration of e-business into mature and established companies : a business model approach
Implementing a lean management system
Innovation, evolution of industry and economic growth. Vol. 3
The economics of transaction costs : theory, methods, and applications
Industrial relations in the new Europe : enlargement, integration and reform
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
An industry in transition : environmental significance of strategic reaction and proaction mechanisms of the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Information and learning in markets : the impact of market microstructure
Industrial organization : markets and strategies
The performance economy
This original and instructive new book defines and explores the concept of knowledge as the talent, skills, know-how and understanding embodied in individuals. The distinguished contributors advance the current research frontier in three novel directions which focus on: the role of human capital and talent for creativity, entrepreneurship and regional development; the role of institutions for the behaviour of firms and entrepreneurs; and the influence of the global context on the location, export and innovation behaviour of firms in a knowledge economy. They also address critical questions that underpin the emerging knowledge economy: Why does human capital and talent tend to agglomerate in large urban regions? How does this agglomeration affect the location of different types of economic activities? How does this agglomeration affect regional growth? Presenting the state-of-the-art in the field of knowledge economics, this book will prove a stimulating and challenging read for scholars and researchers with an interest in economics, business and management, and regional and urban studies.
Supplier selection process in global sourcing : case: Lindstrom Oy, sourcing garments from Vietnam
Is China a risk or an opportunity for Europe? : an assessment of the automobile, steel, and shipbuilding sectors
The article provides an overall review of different aspects of financial-industrial groups (FIGs) in Russia.The review first explores the developments during the Russian economic reform that lead to the emergence of FIGs, highlights the legal basis and actual reasons for creating them, and gives an assessment of various elements of the state's policy to promote FIGs.The article further provides aggregate information on and a full register of FIGs created along the official path, and characterises some of the large de facto FIGs that were formed outside official policies and procedures.A judgement to focus the state's FIG policy is also given. Keywords: financial-industrial groups, FIGs, Russian banks, Russian industry, restructuring, oligarchs .
Engineering economic analysis international
Finland in figures 2016.
International journal of industrial organization
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
International operations management
Data envelopment analysis : theory and techniques for economics and operations research
Financial-industrial groups (FIGs) and their roles in the  Russian economy
Industrial districts : a new approach to industrial change
The creative industries : culture and policy
Northwest Russia : current economic trends and future prospects : proceedings of international seminars held in Joensuu (Finland) 14-15 December 2001 and 17-18 March 2004, sponsored by the Nordic Council of Ministers
Summary.
Estiem Vision of Cycles seminar : February 3-4, 2006 Oulu, Finland : proceedings
The organization of economic innovation in Europe
Power, energy, and the new Russian imperialism
Abstract: World Factory in Crisis : Global Economy Downturn as a Speedbump on the Path of Development in China's Pearl River Delta, and the Twisty Road for Recovery. As one of the world's largest and most dynamic economies, as well as an important member of international matters, China attracts enormous attention and the focus is on the opportunities and challenges associated with China's emergence. The Pearl River Delta Special Economic Zone of Guangdong province in the southeast China, is the pioneer of the Chinese Economic Reform initiated by Deng Xiaoping in 1978, and has been the most dynamic economic region since then. During the ongoing reform process, this region has become a manufacturing center of global importance, the province with the highest GDP, and one of the fastest growing economic regions in the world. Being the leader of China's economic reform and global manufacturing centre, the region is suffering from a sharp decline in export demand, large-scale of small and medium companies shutting-down and lay-offs of migrant workers. The traditional industry mode based on cheap labour and low value-added manufacturing is facing much limitation due to rising cost of land and labour. An industrial upgrading and restructuring is the solution. To cope with the problems caused by the crisis and to transform traditional industries into high value-added and high-tech industries, local governments have implemented a series of policies to support the region's industrial upgrading. Some relevant and valuable lessons can be learnt from Taiwan's industrial upgrading. With the once-in-a-decade political change in China in November 2012, how will the new national political body affect the Pearl River Delta's revolutionary road?
Barriers to change? : understanding the institutional hurdles in the Russian forest sector
Business analytics : methods, models, and decisions
Handbook of industrial organization. Vol. 2 [Elektronisk resurs]
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
European business
Industrial competitiveness in East-Central Europe
Pulp and paper in Eastern Europe
Globalisation and the Finnish forest sector: on the internationalisation of forest-industrial operations
Globalisation and regional economies : can OECD regions compete in global industries?
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Organizing interactive product development
Journal of industrial ecology
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2006.
Value creation and structural change during the third industrial revolution : the Swedish economy from a vertical perspective
Forest accounts
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
Principles of economics
Industrial transition : new global-local patterns of production, work, and innovation
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Global industrial relations
Asia and Europe in the new global system : intercultural cooperation and competition scenarios
Journal of industrial economics
Emergence of the Korean popular culture in the world
International cultural policies and power
A game theoretic simulation model for quality oriented timber supply to sawmills
Industrial development planning : cluster-based development approach policy seminar 14-19 March 2007, Tokyo, Japan
Engineering economics and economic design for process engineers
Fundamentals of manufacturing for engineers
The Finnish sugar sector and its multiplier effects
Production and operations management : concepts, models and behavior
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Value-added bioproducts or renewable energy derived from lignin? : comparative regional economic and environmental impact assessment : case Metsä Group's bioproduct mill in Äänekoski
MNC making sense of global customer relationships
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Managing engineering and technology : an introduction to management for engineers
An economic analysis of regulation by conditional permits
Atlas of the forest sector in Poland
Economic geographical analysis of the Finnish paper industry
The diffusion of modern technologies in Namibia
Favored flowers : culture and economy in a global system
International Monetary Fund : annual report 1998.
Let's fix it! : overcoming the crisis in manufacturing
Advanced robust and nonparametric methods in efficiency analysis : methodology and applications
Investment Climate of the Russian Federation and Its Petroleum Industry
International competitiveness and technological change
Economics of agglomeration : cities, industrial location, and regional growth
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
The regional economics of knowledge and talent
Handbook of industrial organization. Vol. 3
The future of finance : how private equity and venture capital will shape the global economy
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2001.
Russian industry : institutional development. Issue 1, Analytical Survey
Industrial market structure and economic performance
Surveys in economics. Vol. 2
