http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6682 work movements
work movements work motion
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business - Case: Tamtron Group
Fitting the task to the human : a textbook of occupational ergonomics
The article deals with the specificity of initial labour integration for Russian-speaking students who study at the universities of Helsinki, Jyväskylä, Tampere, Turku and Helsinki. The empirical databases from the Finnish Social Science Data Archive (Tampere, 2006) are used as a basis for analysis. The empirical data has been processed using the SPSS 11.0 program. The results, based on mathematical and statistical analysis, allow us to draw conclusions about the existence of several differentiated levels of success in terms of the integration for Russian-speaking immigrants in Finland. As a result, four types of integration have been classified as follows - “well-integrated”, “potentially well-integrated”, “moderately integrated”, and “poorly integrated”. Whereas the first two types of integration are characterized by how successfully the immigrants integrate into the labour market, their language skills and the types of labour they are engaged in, the other two types are characterized by other influencing factors (educational “load,” family ties, secondary labour activity, obstacles to labour activity).
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Abstract: Ergonomic guidance in manual lifting and handling of loads for employees in retail.
Leadership in organizations
The coming peace and social democracy
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Enhancing innovation capability and business opportunities : cases of SME-oriented applied research
Approaches to a business negotiation case study : teamwork, humour and teaching
Value co-creation through transparent buyer-supplier relationships : a case study in the supply network of industrial machinery manufacturer
Work systems and the methods, measurement, and management of work
Comisco information service
"Extra-ordinary" ergonomics : how to accommodate small and big persons, the disabled and elderly, expectant mothers and children
The measure of man and woman : human factors in design
Mastering knife skills : the essential guide to the most important tools in your kitchen
Human dimension & interior space : a source book of design reference standards
Address and provisional rules of the International Working Men's Association
Business Plan for Establishing A Sauna Club in Lu'an, China
The 100 greatest sales ideas of all time
International business : the new realities
Evaluation and control of physical load factors at work
Shortage of new firms jams labour market recovery
Abstract: Ergonomic teaching package for the workers of a service home for mentally challenged adults.
East-to-West migration and labour market integration in the Baltic Sea region - history, current trends and potential
Migration in Baltic Sea area : the case of Estonia as a sending country
The 50th law
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
Report presented by the Social-Democratic Federation to the International Socialist Workers' Congress, held at Zürich, August 6th to 12th, 1893.
Jewish labour news
This text provides a comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
The effectiveness of aid in improving regulations : empirical evidence and the drivers of change in Rwanda
Muscles, nerves and movement in human occupation
"From experience to innovation" : proceedings of the 13th Triennial Congress of the International Ergonomics Association, June 29 - July 4, 1997 Tampere, Finland. Volume 3, Complex systems, cognitive ergonomics, occupational safety, materials handling
Corporate social performance : creating shared value with non-governmental organisations
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
Domestic resource mobilization by social movement organizations in Latin America : a case study of the Abrinq Foundation for children rights of Brazil
A development plan for an international partner network : case Jyväskylä Regional Development Company JYKES Ltd
The other at the workplace : power and language in a multicultural workplace
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of the psychology of coaching and mentoring
Employee Motivation at IKEA Espoo
A business enabling network : a case study of a high-tech network : its concepts, elements and actors
Tyldesley & Grieve's muscles, nerves, and movement in human occupation
Speak Out, Step Up, Act NO. Not only do we need more female leaders at the top, but we need more women at all levels of business, government, and nonprofits to step up-there's no time to waste. The problem, says Helene Lerner, isn't so much that women lack confidence but that they misunderstand what confidence really is. True confidence isn't fearlessness; it's having the courage to jump in even when your knees are shaking. Any woman who waits until she feels 100 percent confident before offering a big idea or asking for a raise or promotion will never get anywhere. Drawing on her own and other.
Combi2011 : conference proceedings
Transferring and lifting children and adolescents : home instruction sheets
The Confidence Myth : why Women Undervalue Their Skills, and How to Get Over It
Finland and the international movement of people in changing Europe
Migration-development nexus in the Malawian health sector : European Union blue card -circular migration for development?
Report of Socialist Party Delegation and Proceedings of the International Socialist Congress at Copenhagen 1910
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
Labour migration and wages
Motivating employees : Case: Company XXXX Oy
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Interior design illustrated
Memorandum on the application of the British Socialist Party for separate affiliation to the International Bureau
Value creation in collaboration between software suppliers and customers : suppliers’ perspective
"From experience to innovation" : proceedings of the 13th Triennial Congress of the International Ergonomics Association, June 29 - July 4, 1997 Tampere, Finland. Volume 5, Human-computer interaction, stress and mental load, aging, occupational health
Private label products: improving collaboration within international supply chain : case: L-Fashion Group
Service systems implementation
English abstract.
The International, 1864-1924 : solidarity of labour
Connected community - a new approach to business strategy
The ergonomics of working postures : models, methods and cases : the proceedings of the first International Occupational Ergonomics Symposium, Zadar, Yugoslavia, 15-17 April 1985
Finnish communism visited
Migration flows between Finland and the Baltic Sea region
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
Benchmarking Websites and Sales Tools : Case ABB Motors
On the computerized description and simulation of the sawman's movements
This essay analyzes preliminary lessons from one of the most recent, and allegedly, better designed seasonal foreign worker admissions - New Zealand's Recognized Seasonal Employer Program RSE. Drawing on the existing literature and official program documentation, the essay highlights the policy's achievements and challenges. It suggests that the policy appears to have had more positive impacts on the development of the relatively developed countries, because of their better ability to steer worker recruitment and investment of newly acquired skills and monies. When designing seasonal worker admissions to Europe, European policymakers should be aware of the fact that if included in the program migrants from the most economically, socially and geographically distant countries of origin may find it more difficult to benefit from the program and therefore either forgo it or use it as a stepping stone to permanent migration..
iComponent - device-independent platform for analyzing eye movement data and developing eye-based applications
The communist solar system : the Communist International
Essays on migration
Theses presented to the Second World Congress of the Communist International (Petrograd - Moscow July 1920)
Developing and testing a prototype tool to track and measure Co-creation activity
Collaborate : the art of we
The establishment and growth of new firms is important for job creation, but companies are not all the same. A small number of firms create a significant portion of new jobs, while in a large portion of firms job creation remains limited or the number of jobs is actually decreasing. New firms include a relatively high number of 'gazelles', firms that increase the number of jobs at a rapid pace. At the same time, however, only a small portion of new firms survive the 'valley of death' of the first years following entry. It is difficult to identify rapidly growing businesses in advance, and high growth at the outset does not typically predict high growth in the future..
Retail therapy : making strategic relationships work
Women in the Labour and Socialist International : report submitted to the third women's international conference of the L.S.I. and the third congress of the L.S.I. by the secretariat of the L.S.I
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Socialist Labor Party and the Third International : socio-political science vs. revolutionary romanticism
Finnish trade unions and immigrant labor
Small Business Act in practice in the Baltic Sea states
What are the biggest cultural factor-related challenges for Finnish SMEs while doing business with the Chinese?  : case: real voice from three businessmen
Flashlights of the Amsterdam International Socialist Congress, 1904
Socialist International information
Adult positions, transitions and transfers : reproducible instruction cards for caregivers : therapist guide
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
Bodyspace : anthropometry, ergonomics and design
Cooperatives as a tool for poverty reduction and promoting business in Tanzania
The Third International to the workers of all countries : concerning the Polish question
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
Human factors design handbook : information and guidelines for the design of systems, facilities, equipment and products for human use
Army and people : the Soviet government and the corps of officers
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
The revival of the Communist International and its significance for the United States : staff study by the subcommittee to investigate the administration of the Internal security act and other internal security laws to the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, eighty-sixth congress, first session
Connected community : a new approach to business strategy
Direct legislation by the people : argument in favour of the motion of the Swiss Organisations to the International Socialist Workers congress 1893.
Ergonomics : the physiotherapist in the workplace
Preamble, rules and resolutions agreed to at the Vienna Conference establishing the International Working Union of Socialist Parties, together with the report of the I.L.P. delegation and recommendations of the N.A.C
Ergonomic workplace analysis
Effective e-communication : case Fortum Oil Refining Business unit
Last 50 years have been witness significant changes in production processes fuelled by rapid technological advances, easy access to information and an ongoing trend towards globalization. As the level of commercial exchanges between countries grew, competition between firms became more intense, concurring to increased and improved product offers and need for continuous innovation. Most firms faced the dilemma of either becoming global players or vanish. In their endeavours to survive or gain supremacy on the market, firms further developed not only their product offering, but also worked out new business models and strategies that helped them to use their resources at their best and strengthen market position. Consequently, last decades have been witness significant shifts from traditional strategic approaches, based on vertical integration, towards promotion of collaboration and innovation in inter-firm relationships, and also visible trends towards diversifying firms' business strategies. As prestigious scholars had noticed correlations between company's success rate and its business model, the study of strategies employed by modern businesses became more wide-spread than before. The present thesis tries to bring into light one strategic approach that is becoming more and more popular among firms: connected community, also know as open business ecosystem strategy. It involves collaboration between business partners and competitors, for the research and development of innovative products and services that suits best customer's needs. By fostering collaboration and sharing principles, the strategy changes somehow the paradigm that implies the fact that only fierce competition can increase a firm' market share, showing that cooperation and fair practices have potential to play a significant role in an enterprise success. Using methods specific to case study research, the thesis make the reader understand what is a connected community strategy, how the strategy is applied in real-life situations, what are its benefits, and what kind of challenges could be meet when applying it. Aiming to offer an easy to understand guide about connected community strategy, the thesis combines a wide range of theoretical sources acquired from the works of well-acknowledged scholars, with practical examples from ARM Corp, the case-study company. By being able to offer a comprehensive image about the strategy, the thesis can be used as a stating point for the study of connected community concept, or for the ones willing to adopt an connected community approach in their business environment.
1001 - a collection and a questionnaire for Minimarket AB Stockholm
Three approaches to the economics of inter-municipal migration
Beyond stakeholder dialogue: Corporate NGO-alliances : Developing dialogue with WWF finland
What have been the early outcomes of New Zealand's seasonal foreign worker admissions?
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Motion and time study
Handbook on standards and guidelines in ergonomics and human factors
Reasons for internal migration in Estonia 1989-2000
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Ross easy transfer system : take care of your back
Ergonomics for beginners : a quick reference guide
Evaluation of human work
Essays in public and labour economics : estimating causal effects using regional variation
Bodyspace : anthropometry, ergonomics and the design of work
Initial labour integration of Russian-speaking students in Finland
The key activities of partnership development in China : a study of Sino-Finnish partnerships
Multidisciplinary approach to develop energy efficiency in the Barents region
Ergonomic teaching pakage for the workers of a service home for mentally challenged adults
Unemployment is already higher than in the recession year 2009. At the same time, unemployment growth is due less to new unemployment spells and increasingly to weaker employment opportunities for the already unemployed. The number of new job vacancies has decreased in recent years, and the vacancy filling rate has slowed down. One reason behind the shortage of new jobs is the lack of new firms, which create the largest number of jobs. The frozen labour market will slow restructuring of the economy and weakens the outlook for growth..
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Finnish urban regions
Public education in a integrated Europe : studying to migrate and teaching to stay
Job creation in firms : does Finland lack gazelles?
Ergonomic guidance in manual lifting and handling of loads for employees in retail
Social security incentives, human capital investment and mobility of labor
Co-branding through successful partner selection : case Royal Philips Electronics
Educated people, migration and European integration
