http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6689 food supply
food supply
Potential population supporting capacities of lands in the developing world
The Routledge handbook of sustainable food and gastronomy
The end of food
Increasing the contribution of small-scale fisheries to poverty alleviation and food security
Combating micronutrient deficiencies : food-based approaches
Roots and tubers for the 21st century : trends, projections, and policy options
Wheat policy reform in Egypt : adjustment of local markets and options for future reforms
Man's right to freedom from hunger : a report of a Special Assembly held at the Headquarters of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, Rome, Italy, 14 March 1963
Ab Me Group Oy Ltd catering management managerial issues
Food security in the Russian Federation
World food resources
Towards a new agricultural revolution : research, technology transfer, and application for food security in Africa
Famine prevention? : household food security and the role of credit : a case study of the rural credit and savings scheme in Tigrary, Ethiopia
Addressing food insecurity in protracted crises
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Underutilized Plant Species "Crops for the Future - Beyond Food Security" : Kuala Lumbur, Malaysia June 27-July 1, 2011
Food into cities : selected papers
Strategy and vision for FAO's work in nutrition
The state of food insecurity in the world : 2001
Bioenergy and food security : the BEFS analytical framework
Eating earth : environmental ethics and dietary choice
Technical background documents : World Food Summit, 13-17 November 1996, Rome, Italy. Vol. 2, 6-11
World food security and sustainability : the impacts of biotechnology and industrial consolidation
The world food economy
The future is an ancient lake : traditional knowledge, biodiversity and genetic resources for food and agriculture in Lake Chad Basin ecosystems
Good practices in building innovative rural institutions to increase food security
Report of the Expert Consultation on International Fish Trade and Food Security : Casablanca, Morocco, 27-30 January 2003.
Summary (s. xi-xvi).
The Global Forum on Food Security and Nutrition : online discussions that make a difference
Policy assistance series
Trade reforms and food security : country case studies and synthesis
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Role of Small-scale Fisheries in Poverty Alleviation and Food Security, Rome, 5-8 July 2004.
Anthropology of food : the social dynamics of food security
National and regional self-sufficiency goals : implications for international agriculture
Food, population and employment in China
Global food security
Incorporating nutrition objectives into development policies and programmes
Agricultural extension, rural development and the food security challenge
Regional integration and food security in developing countries
Agricultural policies for the 1990s
Synthesis of the technical background documents
Voluntary guidelines to support the progressive realization of the right to adequate food in the context of national food security
Plant nutrition : food security and sustainability of agro-ecosystems through basic and applied research
The struggle for food security
Decent rural employment for food security : a case for action
Food, agriculture and rural development : current and emerging issues for economic analysis and policy research (CUREMIS II). Vol. 1, Latin America and the Caribbean
Production and consumption of foodgrains in India : implications of accelerated economic growth and poverty alleviation
Agricide : the hidden crisis that affects us all
Agriculture and international relations : analysis and policy : essays in memory of Theodor Heidhues
Micronutrient deficiency affects more than two billion people in the world today, contributing to the vicious cycle of malnutrition and underdevelopment. Micronutrient deficiencies have long-ranging effects on health, learning ability and productivity. Food-based approaches, which include food production, dietary diversification and food fortification, are sustainable strategies for improving the micronutrient status of populations. This book focuses on practical, sustainable actions for overcoming micronutrient deficiencies through increased access to, and consumption of, adequate quantities.
Food wars : the global battle for mouths, minds and markets
Food-climate interactions : proceedings of an international workshop held in Berlin (West), December 9-12, 1980
Sharing innovation : global perspectives on food, agriculture, and rural development : papers and proceedings of a colloquium organized by the Smithsonian Institution
Case studies in food policy for developing countries. Volume 2, Domestic policies for markets, production, and environment
ADB nutrition and development series
Food economics : industry and markets
Food and agriculture policy decisions : trends, emerging issues and policy alignments since the 2007/08 food security crisis
The role of food banks in food security in Uganda : the case of the hunger project food bank, Mbale Epicentre
The state of food insecurity in the world 2013 : the multiple dimensions of food security
Food security in Cambodia : a preliminary assessment
Famine and death in occupied Greece, 1941-1944
"This Case for Action urges that improving policy coherence between employment and agricultural initiatives and investigating more in the promotion of decent rural employment contribute highly to the interlinked challenges of fighting rural poverty and feeding a growing world population in a sustainable way. Even more importantly, decent work is a fully fledged human right, enshrined in international human rights law, to which each person is entitled as a means of personal development and socio-economic inclusion. While the ILO leads the Global Employment and Decent Work Agenda, FAO has a crucial comparative advantage in promoting decent work in rural areas, specifically with respect to employment in agriculture, including livestock, forestry, fisheries and management of natural resources, as well as agroprocessing and retailing. Given its mandate to raise levels of nutrition, improve agricultural productivity, better the lives of rural populations and contribute to the growth of the world economy, FAO has a significant responsibility within this context. This Case for Action further clarifies the reasoning behind this statement and suggests entry points for increased synergies and inter-disciplinary collaboration."--Introduction.
Food for naught : the politics of food in agricultural modernization for African smallholder food security
Case studies in food policy for developing countries. Volume 3, Institutions and international trade policies
Livestock & the environment : meeting the challenge
EC food security and food aid programme
"This volume comprises original, empirically grounded chapters that collectively offer the most comprehensive study available to date on food security in the Middle East. The book starts with a theoretical framing of the phenomena of food security and food sovereignty and presents empirical case studies of Lebanon, Jordan, Palestine, Egypt, Yemen, the Persian Gulf states and Iran. Some of the major themes examined include the ascent and decline of various food regimes, urban agriculture, overseas agricultural land purchases, national food self-sufficiency strategies, distribution networks and food consumption patterns, and nutrition transitions and healthcare. Collectively, the chapters represent highly original contributions to the disciplines of political science, economics, agricultural studies, and healthcare policy"--
Responsible fish trade and food security
Pursuing food security : strategies and obstacles in Africa, Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East
The state of food insecurity in the world 2003 : monitoring progress towards the World Food Summit and millennium development goals
Empirical “first-filter” test for the existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain
"With the global population projected to reach 9 billion by the year 2050, the need for nations to secure food supplies for their populations has never been more pressing. Finding better supply chain solutions is an essential part of achieving a secure and sustainable diet for a rapidly increasing population. We are now in a position, through methods including life cycle assessment (LCA), carbon footprinting and other tools, to accurately measure and assess our use - or misuse - of natural resources, including food. The impact of new technologies and management systems can therefore improve efficiencies and find new ways to reduce waste.Global Food Security and Supply provides robust, succinct information for people who want to understand how the global food system works. The book demonstrates the specific tools available for understanding how food supply works, addresses the challenges facing a secure and safe global food supply, and helps readers to appreciate how these challenges might be overcome.This book is a concise and accessible text that focuses on recent data and findings from a range of international collaborations and studies. The author provides both a snapshot of global food supply and security today, and a projection of where these issues may lead us in the future. This book will therefore be of particular interest to food policy leaders, commercial managers in the food industry, and researchers and students seeking a better understanding of a rapidly evolving topic"--
An operations management perspective on waste management
in a food processing factory
World food programme news
Food security in the Middle East
Technical background documents : World Food Summit, 13-17 November 1996, Rome, Italy. Vol. 1, 1-5
Future food : alternate protein for the year 2000
Protecting consumers through improved food quality and safety
The famine plot persuasion in eighteenth-century France
Democracy and famine
FAO food and nutrition technical report series
Drought and hunger in Africa : denying famine a future
Nourish the people : the state civilian granary system in China, 1650-1850
Caring for the socio-economically deprived and nutritionally vulnerable
Economics of agricultural development
Food security in the long term
World livestock 2011 : livestock in food security
Globalization of food systems in developing countries : impact on food security and nutrition
Summary of world food and agricultural statistics 2003.
Methods to monitor the human right to adequate food. Vol. 2, An overview of approaches and tools
The potential of urban agriculture for enhanced food security in Bangkok, Thailand
Improving household food security
High hopes for post-harvest : a new look at village-scale crop processing
Agriculture : toward 2000.
The maze of maize : improving input and output market access for poor smallholders in Southern African region, the experience of Zambia and Malawi
Special evaluation study of selected ADB interventions on nutrition and food fortification
Pro-poor legal and institutional frameworks for urban and peri-urban agriculture
Report of the World Food Summit : 13-17 November 1996. Part one
Methods to monitor the human right to adequate food. Vol. 1, Making the case for rights-focused and rights-based monitoring
Know to move, move to know : ecological knowledge and herd movement strategies among the Wodaabe of southeastern Niger
Food insecurity and coping strategies in semiarid areas : the case of Mvumi in central Tanzania
Integrated food security phase classification : technical manual version 2.0 : evidence and standards for better food security decisions
Food and economics
Food and the city in Europe since 1800
Addressing marketing and processing constraints that inhibit agrifood exports : a guide for policy analysts and planners
Microfinance in fisheries and aquaculture : guidelines and case studies
Famine in Ethiopia : policy implications of coping failure at national and household levels
The state of food insecurity in the world 2014 : strengthening the enabling environment for food security and nutrition
Preventing and managing infectious diseases
The 5th world food survey
Routledge handbook of food and nutrition security
Anti-Hunger Programme : a twin-track approach to hunger reduction : priorities for national and international action
Food security and development : final report Feb 4, 2011 : commissioned development research of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, intervention code 89822609.
Science for agriculture and rural development in low-income countries
Enhancing food security and nutrition policy assistance : lessons from experience
The global food crisis, its causes and consequences
Collaborative change : a communication framework for climate change adaptation and food security
Case studies in food policy for developing countries. Volume 1, Policies for health, nutrition, food consumption and poverty
Journal of foodservice
The concept of food and nutrition security has evolved and risen to the top of the international policy agenda over the last decade. Yet it is a complex and multi-faceted issue, requiring a broad and inter-disciplinary perspective for full understanding. This Handbook represents the most comprehensive compilation of our current knowledge of food and nutrition security from a global perspective. It is organized to reflect the wide scope of the contents, its four sections corresponding to the accepted current definitional frameworks prevailing in the work of multilateral agencies and mainstream scholarship. The first section addresses the struggles and progression of ideas and debates about the subject in recent years. The other sections focus on three key themes: how food has been, is and should be made available, including by improvements in agricultural productivity; the ways in which politico-economic and social arenas have shaped access to food; and the effects of food and nutrition systems in addressing human health, known as food utilisation. Overall, the volume synthesizes a vast field of information drawn from agriculture, soil science, climatology, economics, sociology, human and physical geography, the nutrition and health sciences, environmental science and development studies.
The human food chain
Forward appraisal of FAO programs, 1959-64 : report to the Economic and Social Council
Food security in Africa : concepts, measurement, policy and reality
Food security and trade : a GTAP study of how agricultural trade protection affects food security in developing countries
The Lost harvest
World food prospects : critical issues for the early twenty-first century
The Privy Council and the spirit of Elizabethan economic management, 1558-1603
The state of food insecurity in the world : 2002
The state of food insecurity in the world
Hungry Moscow : scarcity and urban society in the Russian Civil War, 1917-1921
Report of the Workshop on the Promotion of Sustainable Commercial Aquaculture in Zambia and Malawi : Lusaka, Zambia, 2-4 October 2002.
The transformation of the agrifood system in Central and Eastern Europe and the new independent states
World food security compact
Global aspects of food production
European nutrition and health report
Foodservice research international
The Oxford handbook of the economics of food consumption and policy
Global food security and supply
Medium-term prospects for agricultural commodities : projections to the year 2010.
Global action on climate change in agriculture : linkages to food security, markets and trade policies in developing countries
Starter Packs : a strategy to fight hunger in developing countries? : lessons from the Malawi experience 1998-2003
The politics of provisions : food riots, moral economy, and market transition in England, c. 1550-1850
Report of the FAO Expert Workshop on the Use of Wild Fish and/or Other Aquatic Species as Feed in Aquaculture and its Implications to Food Security and Poverty Alleviation : Kochi, India, 16-18 November 2007.
Economic growth, technological change, and patterns of food and agricultural trade in Asia
Roots and tubers in the global food system : a vision statement to the year 2020 : report ...by the Committee on Inter-Centre Root and Tuber Crops Research (CICRTCR)
Report of the World Food Summit: five years later, 10-14 June 2002.. P. 1.
European nutrition and health report 2009
Feeding China : the experience since 1949
Farming systems and poverty : improving farmers' livelihoods in a changing world
Bread and authority in Russia, 1914-1921
Essentials of food safety and sanitation
Buyer power and competition policy in food supply chains has emerged as an important economic issue and a highly sensitive item on the policy agenda around the world. In Finland, the increasing concentration of the distribution sector and processing industry has raised concern over the existence and gradual growth of buyer power in these sectors. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the possible existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain. More specifically, we follow an approach used by Lloyd et al. (2009) to measure oligopsony power among the Finnish food industry and retailers against farmers. The results suggest that the spread between producer and retailer prices in Finland is not consistent with perfectly competitive behaviour, and might thus be caused, at least as a candidate amongst other factors, by the existence of oligopsony power in the Finnish food supply chain.
Journal of food service systems
Seeds of change : the green revolution and development in the 1970's
The Mills-bakeries of Ostia : description and interpretation
Voluntary Standards for Sustainable Food Systems: Challenges and Opportunities : a Workshop of the FAO/UNEP Programme on Sustainable Food Systems, 11-12 June 2013, FAO headquarters, Rome
