http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6696 communists
communists
Documents of the 22nd Congress of the CPSU
The red Karkkila
The red millionaire : a political biography of Willi Münzenberg, Moscow's secret propaganda tsar in the West
Trotsky in Norway : exile, 1935-1937
The nine lives of Otto Katz : the remarkable story of a communist super-spy
A communist life : Jack Scott and the Canadian workers movement, 1927-1985
The diary of Georgi Dimitrov, 1933-1949
Re-imagining Ukrainian Canadians : history, politics, and identity
Pol Pot : anatomy of a nightmare
Mikhail Kalinin : (commemorating the centenary of his birth)
Ana Pauker : the rise and fall of a Jewish Communist
The Workers monthly
The world that was ours
1948 : which way Finland?
Winstanley and the Diggers, 1649-1999
The fear within : spies, commies, and American democracy on trial
Anti-communist congress and the Proceedings of the international public tribunal in Vilnius : "Evaluation of the crimes of communism" 2000
From Ike to Mao and beyond : my journey from mainstream America to revolutionary communist : a memoir
Leaving Berlin : a novel
Leonid Ilyich Brezhnev : a short biography; including the new Constitution of the USSR
If they come in the morning : voices of resistance
The forging of Finnish-American communism, 1917-1924 : a study in ethnic radicalism
In the beginning was fear
"The 'Cominternians' who staffed the Communist International in Moscow from its establishment in 1919 to its dissolution in 1943 led transnational lives and formed a cosmopolitan but closed and privileged world. Full of sympathy, eager to learn, hopeful of emulating Bolshevik success 'at home', they were first-hand witnesses to the difficulties of the young Russian Revolution, before seeing it descend into the terror to which many of them fell victim. This book tells of their experience through these decades, of the encounter between utopian imagination and the real, and how the Party as institution sought to bend subjectivity to its needs, even as they became ever more questionable. Opened some 25 years ago, the Comintern archives provide a surprising wealth of autobiographical materials generated by these militants, and it is on these that this account of political commitment and its vicissitudes is based"--
China shakes the world
How does a good California boy of the 50’s, an elementary school “Traffic Boy” who loved Smilin’ Ed’s “Froggy the Gremlin,” a high school quarterback (“a little guy, brimming with confidence”), a serious fan of basketball and music, and the son of a prominent judge go from a nine-year-old supporter of Eisenhower to a supporter of Mao Tsetung and the Chair-man of today’s Revolutionary Communist Party, USA (RCP)? Bob Avakian lays it out in his memoir From Ike to Mao and Beyond. Most of us don’t really know much about Communism. Growing up, we have all been taught to fear and disparage it. Like Avakian, many Americans practiced hiding under their first grade desks in case of nuclear attack by “godless Com-mu-nists.” Like Avakian, many of us lived through the McCarthy witch hunts that found communists under every bush darkly working for the destruction of America. Younger folks missed that, but they may have been around for the “Domino Theory” of Viet Nam (“gotta stop the communists now, or they’ll eventually be invading us through Mexico”). Folks younger yet, may remember Ronald Reagan, “the Gipper,” ordering “the Evil Empire” to tear down the Berlin Wall. In any case, most living Americans have never heard much of anything positive about Communism. In a sense, Avakian’s book provides a refreshing rejoinder to the overwhelmingly one-sided view many of us have taken as a given. Reading through the author’s chronology, the fact of his progression from Eisenhower to Mao and beyond—far from sounding inexplicable—seems the most natural, rational, and heroic path he could have followed. As a youth, confronted with the blatant racism of the time and the related dissembling of politicians (including Kennedy), Avakian chose to side with the people and with rationality. Living in Berkeley, fate brought him together with Eldridge Cleaver, Bobby Seale, and Huey Newton (movers in the emerging Black Panther Party). Avakian writes that his friends “saw themselves as heirs to Malcolm X... They had this revolutionary stance, they were indicting the whole system—that’s what they got from Malcolm X—but they were calling for revolution too.” The Panther’s view was, apparently, more radical than the contemporary Communist Party of that time (the Communist Party, USA—the CP), which the author characterizes as less radical than Malcolm X, dedicated mainly to working “palatably” within the system, trying to appeal to the “mainstream,” “the lowest common denominator.” At this point in his life he was not a communist but was searching for something that made sense, something that offered a real chance of addressing the overwhelming problems of the time. Not an easy undertaking. We humans seem to be wide-awake searchers in our youth, but somewhere along the way arbitrarily shut down and glom on to something, anything—the nearest “life raft”—that offers some hope of respite from thinking, wondering, and doubt. From that point on, we need not think beyond the common propaganda shared by all who cling to our own particular delusion. Like pet parrots, we can eat, sleep, and rejoice within our cage of secure certainty. That is what makes Avakian’s path “heroic.” A fundamental aspect of the “Communism” he describes is a steadfastly rational, scientific approach to understanding the world (no faith-based initiatives here). As such, bending the reality observed by his senses to the “reality” demanded by the moment, or the media, or by the dominant culture, or by intellectual fatigue; or even by the iconic example of Mao himself; was not acceptable regardless of the consequences. This stubborn insistence on facing the facts as they presented themselves led, inevitably, to his leadership of the RCP. In 1967 visiting Eldridge Cleaver’s apartment, the not-yet-communist Avakian was startled and confused by a large poster of Mao Tsetung hanging prominently on the wall....
The Marx he knew
Civid training in Soviet Russia
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
The unknown war : North China 1937-1945
President Tito's visit to friendly African countries
Lenin's comrades-in-arms : episodes from the lives of Lenin's foreign comrades-in-arms and contemporaries : (M. Cachin, G. Dimitrov, E. Flynn, W. Forster, W. Gallagher, A. Gramschi, D. Jones, S. Katayama, B. Kun, O. Kuusinen, F. Platten, J. Reed, E. Thaelmann, M. Thorez, P. Togliatti, C. Zetkin). ; designed by Yu. Markov
Under two dictators : prisoner of Stalin and Hitler
Forging American communism : the life of William Z. Foster
Is this the top of the slippery slope? : the British view of the participation of Communists in the Finnish government 1956-1968
"This comparative historical sociology of the Bolshevik revolutionaries offers a reinterpretation of political radicalization in the last years of the Russian Empire. Finding that two-thirds of the Bolshevik leadership were ethnic minorities - Ukrainians, Latvians, Georgians, Jews and others - this book examines the shared experiences of assimilation and socioethnic exclusion that underlay their class universalism. It suggests that imperial policies toward the Empire's diversity radicalized class and ethnicity as intersectional experiences, creating an assimilated but excluded elite: lower-class Russians and middle-class minorities universalized particular exclusions as they disproportionately sustained the economic and political burdens of maintaining the multiethnic Russian Empire. The Bolsheviks' social identities and routes to revolutionary radicalism show especially how a class-universalist politics was appealing to those seeking secularism in response to religious tensions, a universalist politics where ethnic and geopolitical insecurities were exclusionary, and a tolerant 'imperial' imaginary where Russification and illiberal repressions were most keenly felt"--
The Worker : official organ of the National minority movement
The "Czechoslovak Path" : a Communist route to power monopoly in 1943-1948 within the framework of "Mitteleuropa", great power settings, and the Soviet sphere of interests : a  neorealist and historical approach
Rosa Luxemburg : her life and legacy
Party people, communist lives : explorations in biography
The political system of communism
The people's war in Nepal : left perspectives
The Bolsheviks and the Russian Empire
Finnish communism, O. W. Kuusinen, and their native countries
Chinese revolutionary : memoirs 1919-1949
The myth of Jewish communism : a historical interpretation
Organization of American states combined reports on communist subversion
The transnational world of the Cominternians
Agents of the revolution
Workers ́dreadnought
Bride of the revolution : Krupskaya and Lenin
The Marxist quarterly
A fine old conflict
The Modern quarterly
To be escorted without a fanfare : allowing Nosaka Sanzô to return to Japan
Karl Marx : an intellectual biography
The Israeli Communist Party and the elections for the fifth Knesset, 1961.
The frock-coated communist : the revolutionary life of Friedrich Engels
With friends in Africa
Contributed articles on Maoist movement in Nepal.
For youth
To commemorate or not : the Finnish Labor Movement and the memory of the Civil War in the interwar period
Leonid Ilyich Brezhnev, General Secretary of the CPSU central committee : a short biography
Political affairs : theoretical journal of the Communist party, U.S.A
The archivist's story
The name 'Leon Trotsky' is a controversial one. For some, he was a betrayer or a totalitarian. For others, he was a revolutionary knight battling an oppressive system. However you view him, Trotsky was a one of the most important figures of twentieth-century Communism. A leader of the 1917 Bolshevik insurrection in Russia, he organized and led the Red Army to victory in the Russian Civil War - but was challenged and eventually defeated by his rival Joseph Stalin. Trotsky lived the rest of his life in exile until Stalin finally had him killed. In Leon Trotsky, Paul Le Blanc delves deep to understand Trotsky's complex character, relationships, actions and ideas. Interweaving dramatic historical events with Trotsky's multi-faceted personality, this book explores his involvement with and opposition to the Soviet bureaucracy, and his efforts to revitalize the revolutionary wing of the labour movement. Revealed here are his urgent warnings of Hitler's rise and the spread of fascism, his penetrating understanding of the French Popular Front and the Spanish Civil War, and his analysis of the ominous beginnings of the Second World War. Throughout, Trotsky remained animated by the early ideals of the Communist tradition. Drawing from a rich array of sources, Le Blanc offers a balanced portrait of Trotsky in a historical context that will be invaluable for students, scholars or anyone with an interest in political history and extraordinary lives.
The sympathizer
The Labour monthly
Class act : the cultural and political life of Ewan MacColl
[New publication]
Ideology and challenges of political liberalisation in the USSR, 1957-1961 : Otto Kuusinen's "Reform platform", the state concept, and the path to the 3rd CPSU programme
The communist international youth and student apparatus : a monograph
International press correspondence
Red memoirs from a 'black time' in Finland : radical working class reminiscences of the 1920s and 30s
The Finnish sector at the International Lenin School
Escape of the Amethyst
Stalin and Togliatti : Italy and the origins of the Cold War
Slavophiles and commissars : enemies of democracy in modern Russia
"Friend and lover" : the life of Louise Bryant
Queen of Bohemia : the life of Louise Bryant
One life and two perspectives separated by border : the case of Taisto Huuskonen
This definitive biography of Imre Nagy, the Communist leader, traces his life from his conventional, petty bourgeois childhood in south-west Hungary, through his tremendous political achievements and ultimate dramatic failure.
Comment : Communist fortnightly review
Part of the truth
Dimiter Blagoev : an outstanding theorist and revolutionary
Communist participation in governmental coalitions : the case of Finland
Nordic communists in the Communistic international
Resistance and reform in Tibet
International communist fron organizations : a translation
The reality of communism
Italian communism : the escape from leninism : an anthropological perspective
Speech by president Josip Broz-Tito in Titovo Užice on July 4, 1961.
According to Baba : a collaborative oral history of Sudbury's Ukrainian community
A delicate shade of pink : the lives of Hella Wuolijoki and Salme Dutt in the service of revolution
Mikhail S. Gorbachev : An intimate biography
Antonio Gramsci : towards an intellectual biography
Imre Nagy : a biography
The Finnish communists and the Winter War
Karl Marx : his life and work
The map of lost memories : a novel
Dissident Marxism : past voices for present times
Woody Guthrie : American radical
Underground communists in the McCarthy period : a family memoir
Northern underground revisited : Finnish reds and the origins of British communism
Engels : a revolutionary life : a biography of Friedrich Engels
On our knees, never! : prisoner of the Chilean Junta speaks
The Workers' council
Communist review
Finnish communist and the "opportunism of conciliation"
The captive mind
The Bolsheviks in power : the first year of Soviet rule in Petrograd
Leon Trotsky : a revolutionary's life
McCarthy and the communists
Finnish communism, bolshevization and stalinization
The Leipzig fire trial : speeches, letters, documents
Dead martyrs and living leaders : the cult of the individual within Finnish communism
Harry Pollitt
Left of Karl Marx : the political life of black communist Claudia Jones
The life of a communist revolutionary, Béla Kun
Northstar compass
Follows a Viet Cong agent as he spies on a South Vietnamese army general and his compatriots as they start a new life in 1975 Los Angeles.
Chinese communists and Hong Kong capitalists : 1937-1997
The god of small things
Mikhail S. Gorbachev : an intimate biography
