http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6694 schools abroad
schools abroad
The ERASMUS phenomenon - symbol of a new European generation?
How to improve the business double degree program between Oulu University of Applied Sciences and Neu-Ulm University of Applied Sciences
The Europa world of learning. 2011. Vol. 2, Namibia-Zimbabwe, index
Making a new life : a study of foreign degree students in the University of Helsinki
Living and working in Australia : a survival handbook
Foreign students have travelled to Britain for centuries and, from the beginning, attracted controversy. This book explores changing British policy and practice, and changing student experience, set within the context of British social and political history.
Presents information on 2,200 4-year colleges and universities and 1,700 2-year community colleges and technical schools. Includes indexes to find schools by type, size, sports offerings, religious affiliation, plus the latest facts on Early Decision and wait-list policies and outcomes.
Requirements for entry to higher education in the European Community
Mobility of students in Europe : linguistic and socio-cultural conditions
"Thousands of possibilities" : foreign exchange students' experiences at Savonia University of Applied Sciences
Living & working in Australia : a survival handbook
The best 379 colleges
Researcher mobility, Finnish business know-how and the United States : Finnish Center of International Business Education and Research (FCIBER), Academy of Finland
Study abroad programmes
Study skills for speakers of English as a second language
Advanced and unusual : Finland as seen by international students and trainees
Contemporary internationalization in higher education
Recognition of qualifications taken outside Finland
Developing obsolete material sales : exports to consignment agreement partners from China
University of Jyväskylä's international guides. Guide for foreign applicants for the academic year ..
Dimensions of internationalizing doctoral education in business administration : a discussion of the concept dynamics and policy
The development of outgoing student exchange in Satakunta university of applied sciences
Kemi-Tornio polytechnic : The unit of technical education : CBE education, degree programme in information technology
The admission of international students into higher education : policies and instruments
Nordic students abroad : student mobility patterns, student support systems and labour market outcomes
The main systems of financial assistance for students in higher education in the European Community
Evaluation of the marketing communications of student-mobility programs at the School of Business Studies of Oulu Polytechnic
ERASMUS in the SOCRATES programme : findings of an evaluation study
The global student experience : an international and comparative analysis
Guide for foreign applicants : 1992-1993
Studying and living in the United Kingdom 2000/2001
Estonian schools abroad and educational institutions for ethnic minorities in Estonia
Integrating study abroad into the curriculum : theory and practice across the disciplines
Experiences of Erasmus students : select findings of the 1988/89 survey
The SAGE handbook of international higher education
Students, staff and academic mobility in higher education
Leadership in international business education and research
How HAMK could integrate its international students
The purpose of this thesis was to present the development and changes of outgoing student exchange in Satakunta University of Applied Sciences, from the early 1990's to 2014. Satakunta University of Applied Sciences wanted a thesis of this subject to be written hoping that the University of Applied Sciences can benefit from this study in the future.  The theory part was constructed of the outgoing student exchange, the different exchange programmes and organizations, reasons for going to exchange, the internationalization of Finnish universities of applied sciences and the stages of internationalization.  The empirical part was constructed of outgoing student exchange from SAMK, methods for applying to exchange, and development of outgoing student exchange from SAMK and of statistics concerning the development of student exchange.  This thesis was a quantitative study and part of the theory was presented as statistics as well as the empirical part which was mainly constructed of statistics as was requested by SAMK. Theory part was written using books and online sources. The empirical part was gathered through interviews, emails and using an online database.  The aim of this thesis was to present a study of the development of the outgoing stu-dent exchange from SAMK and have it be useful to SAMK in the future.
Learning in Europe : the ERASMUS experience : a survey of the 1988-89 ERASMUS students
Cosmominds. A case study on third culture persons in international teaching
This guide covers financial aid, Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) requirements, housing availability and special services for international students. It includes step-by-step guidelines on how to prepare for and apply to colleges in the United States.
What makes The Best 379 Colleges the most popular college guide? DIRECT QUOTES FROM STUDENTS · In-depth school profiles covering academics, administration, campus life, and financial aid · Insights on unique college character, social scene, and more · Candid feedback from 130,000 students RANKING LISTS & RATINGS SCORES · Lists of the top 20 colleges in 62 categories based on students' opinions of professors, career services, financial aid, dorms, and much more · Ratings for every school on Financial Aid, Selectivity, and Quality of Life · Bonus list of the 150 Best Value Colleges DETAILED ADMISSIONS INFORMATION · The "Inside Word" on competitive applications · Tuition, graduation rates, and average indebtedness.
Kemi-Tornio polytechnic : The unit of technical education : degree programme in information technology, Finland
Erasmus : I am one of the two million who did it!
Starting a new school in a new country : best educational practices for internationally mobile school students : a survey of internationally mobil families with children attending state schools
Foreign students in Oulu Polytechnic School of Business Studies : what are the problems evolving from the multinational environment?
Recognition of foreign qualifications in Finland
The dynamics of international student circulation in global context
ECTS, European Credit Transfer System : information package
Living and working in Canada : a survival handbook
The international student's survival guide : : how to get the most from studying at a UK university. Gareth Davey
International student handbook 2015.
Recognition of foreign academic studies in Finland
A History of Foreign Students in Britain
Open doors : report on international educational exchange. 2000
Working in Europe? : views of Finnish graduates on the European labour markets
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic : the unit of technical education : the future - digitally yours. : study engineering in english
Kemi-Tornio polytechnic : The unit of technical education : The future - digitally yours
Celebrating ECTS and Diploma Supplement Label holders 2009-2013
Working in the European Community : a guide for graduate recruiters and job-seekers
SEFI guide on engineering education in Europe
Assessing motivation and the use of learning strategies by secondary school students in three international schools
The purpose of this paper is to highlight the utility and necessity of Erasmus intensive   programs for our faculty, especially for teachers and students involved in these projects,   from license areas Physical Therapy and Occupational Therapy. Faculty of Movement,   Sport and Health Sciences is a partner within two Erasmus intensive programs, Active   Ageing coordinated by the University of Applied Sciences from Rotterdam,   Netherlands and Community Based Mental Health coordinated by HAN University of   Applied Sciences, Nijmegen, The Netherlands. Within these programs are annually   involved 10 students from the fields of occupational therapy and physical therapy.   Being the first time involved in such projects, students and teachers feedback was   extremely positive mainly because interprofessional and international approaches and   exchange of good practices examples and teaching methods. In conclusion we assert   that intensive programs allow students and teachers to work within multinational groups   and to benefit from special learning and teaching conditions, which are only available   in a single institution and to gain new perspectives on the studied topics.
Mobility windows : from concept to practice
Who goes where and why? : an overview and analysis of global educational mobility
Study in Finland : English language programmes and postgraduate studies in Finnish universities
ECTS information package 2002-2003: Lappeenranta University of Technology. Department of Information Technology
College handbook 2015.
The world is becoming ever more international and graduates are expected to have international experience in order to make it in the world and to distinguish them from the other job applicants. The double degree program is a way for universities to answer to this growing need. The international double degree is a program where students will gain two degree diplomas by studying at two different universities in two different countries during the same time as it would normally take them to finish only one degree. This Bachelor’s Thesis focuses on finding the challenges in the business double degree program between Oulu University of Applied Sciences and Neu-Ulm University of Applied Sciences. The program consists of two parts, where the student will firstly spend two years at the home university and then transfer for 18 months to the partner university. Through this program the student will be awarded with a Bachelor of Business Administration from Oulu and a Bachelor of Arts from Neu-Ulm. The focus of this study is towards the exchange period of Oulu students in Neu-Ulm. A benchmarking study with the Technische Universität München and with the University of Mannheim was established to compare the selection process and the curriculum of the business double degree program. In addition, interviews were conducted with the business double degree students, double degree coordinators and with the International Offices of both universities. Through these, strengths and challenges were gathered.It became clear that the current program has challenges in the information flow, selection process, in the requirements for German language from students from Oulu and the current procedure concerning the repeat examinations. The author recommended ways in which these aspects could be developed, such as establishing a common information platform available for everyone in contact with the double degree and offering the students the possibility to do repeat examinations in their home university. Furthermore, the selection process and criteria should be jointly agreed upon and the requirements for the high level of German knowledge should be reexamined. Through these actions the program could be improved further. There also rose a need for more research made about the double degrees in general as well as a follow-up survey in this business double degree program once there are more students taking part in it. Furthermore, a global research on the best-of-class double degree program should be conducted.
The Europa world of learning. 2011, Vol. 1, Introductory essays, international organizations, Afghanistan-Myanmar
Mobility creates opportunities : European success stories : Comenius school education
Industrial design education in the world 1
International student mobility and transnational friendships
A guide to Master of Business Administration (MBA) programs in Canada, United States and Great Britain
Vietnamese students' decision making process on choosing a study destination and its marketing implications
The return of the native
Masterclass : graphic design : guide to the world's leading graduate schools
Erasmus and Lingua Action II directory : 1990/91 = Répertoire Erasmus et Lingua Action II 1990/91
Higher education in Finland : guide for foreign students
Study abroad : does it count? : an inquiry into the transfer of credit for study abroad
Vietnamese Students' Decision Making Process on Choosing a Study Destination and Its Marketing Implications
International mobility in Finnish education : trends and developments in tertiary and secondary education 2000-2004
Higher education in Finland : guide for foreign students 1985
Erasmus intensive programs : learning opportunities   within the interprofessional contexte
Foreign degree students' recruitment to Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
International education handbook
International student support in european higher education : needs, solutions and challenges
FACTORS THAT MOTIVATE THE NEW GENERATION STUDENTS TO STUDY ABROAD - Exchange students as a case study
