http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p67 violence (mutual activity)
violence (mutual activity)
Jihad, a word popularly translated by the media as 'holy war', provides the ideological underpinnings to violent extremists, while at the same time informs the average westerner that Islam is a religion that advocates violence and barbarism. And yet the famous saying of the Prophet Muhammad, while returning from battle, 'We have returned from the lesser jihad to the greater jihad' has ensured that to the majority of Muslims around the world, jihad primarily refers to the inner struggle against base desires, and the spiritual and moral endeavour to promote human values and achieve fairness and justice in society.
Pornography and sexual aggression
The Barcelona brothers
The web of violence : from interpersonal to global
The empress game
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Trencherman
Social workers at risk : the prevention and management of violence
The girls : a novel
T.h.u.g. l.i.f.e. : a novel
Preacher. Book 1 : Gone to Texas / Garth Ennis, writer ; Steve Dillon, artist ; Matt Hollingsworth, colorist ; Preacher created by Garth Ennis and Steve Dillon
Collective violence i.e., situations in which people are measurably harmed by the joint contributions of others has been a pervasive feature of human history. Nevertheless, as bloody as more distant human history has been, many scholars have concluded that the violence of past centuries pales before the violence and murderousness of the present one. This collection presents a range of theoretical and disciplinary approaches to the subject of collective violence. The distinguished contributors investigate the factors that contribute to the social context of violence, and examine the ways of thinking that allow participation in harmful activities. Cross-disciplinary in nature, this book will be of great interest to students and scholars of sociology, psychology, ethics, criminology, and international affairs.
Regulation, awareness, empowerment : young people and harmful media content in the digital age
Developments in the study of criminal behaviour. 2, Violence
Gendered and sexualised violence in educational environments
Under the banner of heaven : a story of violent faith
Defining violence : understanding the causes and effects of violence
Trauma-organized systems : physical and sexual abuse in families
The violent gang
The drowning game : a novel
In other troops : stories about violence
Behavioral Threat Management: Prevention of Severe Targeted Violence in Educational Institutions
Halo graphic novel
Produced in response to the growing international demand for information, this book details the latest research in understanding and controlling violent and sexual offences. Increasing numbers of psychologists are now studying and working with offenders to the advancement of forensic psychology. Chapters cover contributions from ten different countries and are grouped into three sections dealing with risk assessment, sex offenders and offences and violent offenders and offences. The first section discusses the progress that has been made towards making accurate decisions about the risk that an individual poses to the community and emphasises the need to draw on both clinical experience and research. The second section explores understandings and investigations of sexual offences including discussion on: American commitment laws for sexually violent predators; the status of "recovered memories" in criminal trials; factors influencing delays in reporting sexual abuse; a model of rapists' accounts of their offences; and situational factors in sexual offending. The final section on violent offenders and offences includes discussion on: criminal careers; domestic violence; mutiliation-murder in Japan; offender profiling; and sentencing of homicide cases. This book will be of interest to scholars in criminology, psychology and forensic psychiatry and to policy-makers and practitioners who deal with sexual and violent offences.
Positions constructed for a female therapist in male batterers' treatment group
A slant of light : a novel
Inequality and identity : causes of war?
Political godfathers in Nigeria : a study of Anambra State, 1999-2006
JTHM : the director's cut
Positions constructed for a female therapist in male batterers' treatment groups
Someone is watching : a novel
The name of the game
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
Confronting a victim of intimate partner violence in nursing care : a literature review
The sea-stone sword
Discussions on intimate partner violence and electrodermal activity in couple therapy
The Fix. Vol. 1, Where beagles dare
The replication of a survey on victimization to violence : a report on changes in the violence situation from 1970 to 1973 in Finland
Representing violence in France, 1760-1820
Theater and violence
Aggression and violence
A legal space for the representation of danger
Change your name and disappear : a terrifying true tale of survival
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
The nightmare place
Trait hostility, cortisol and testosterone in violent and nonviolent men during temporary alcohol abstinence
The vegetarian : a novel
Sex and violence : issues in representation and experience
Cross-national studies of civil violence
Religion and violence
A talk with God
Hard boiled
From 'afflicted' to activists : structural violence and climate change discourse in the states of Pernambuco and Paraiba in northeast Brazil
Violence explained : the sources of conflict, violence and crime and their provention
Discussions of Fatherhood in Male Batterer Treatment Group
Men, masculinity and domestic violence in India : summary report of four studies
The pathology of politics : violence, betrayal, corruption, secrecy, and propaganda
Religion and violence : a primer for white Americans
Working together for better integration : immigrants, police and social work
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
The role of alcohol and steroid hormones in human aggression
Assessing the violence risk of psychiatric patients
The notion of identity -- personal, religious, ethnic, or national -- has given rise to heated passions and crimes throughout history. What makes each one of us unique has been a fundamental question of philosophy from Socrates to Freud. This book argues that the concept of identity that prevails the world over is still very much tribal. It allows men of all countries, conditions, and faiths to be transformed into butchers and fanatics, passing themselves off as defenders of a given identity. Maalouf contends that many of us would reject our inherited conceptions of identity, which we cling to through habit, if only we examined them more closely. The future of society depends on accepting -- while recognizing our uniqueness -- all identities.
Ultraviolent movies : from Sam Peckinpah to Quentin Tarantino
The making of terrorism
Power surge : sex, violence and pornography
Hitman : ten thousand bullets
The sacrifice
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
Into the darkest corner
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
Terror and resistance : a study of political violence with case studies of some primitive African communities
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Violence in the home
The fury
Client violence toward Iranian social workers : a national study
Girl on a plane
Prison pit : Book one
Design and violence
The Neapolitan novels. Book 1, My brilliant friend
Cats in the cradle
Unhinged
Touched
The media and political violence
The context of television violence
Catching fire
Theatres of human sacrifice : from ancient ritual to screen violence
Life beyond the camp : rethinking return, reconstruction and women's expression of lived experiences in Northern Uganda
When the doves disappeared : a novel
A Summer with Kim Novak
Kuolemansyyt 2006 = Dödsorsaker 2006 = Causes of death 2006
Social protest, violence and terror in nineteenth- and twentieth-century Europe
Predicting violent behavior : an assessment of clinical techniques
The Jesus man
Preacher. Book 8 : All hell's a-coming / Garth Ennis, writer ; Steve Dillon, pencils ; Steve Dillon, John McCrea, inks
The priest of evil
[Prototype]. 1
J. G. Ballard's compelling and unnerving tale of what happens when life in a luxury apartment building descends into chaos. 'Later, as he sat on his balcony eating the dog, Dr Robert Laing reflected on the unusual events that had taken place within this huge apartment building during the previous three months.' Within the walls of an elegant forty-storey high-rise, the affluent tenants are hell-bent on an orgy of destruction. Cocktail parties degenerate into marauding attacks on 'enemy' floors, and the once-luxurious amenities become an arena for mayhem. In this visionary novel, the veneer of civilised society is stripped away as the inhabitants of the high-rise, driven by primal urges, create a dystopian world ruled by intimidation and violence.
Prison pit : Book 4
Preacher. Book two. / Garth Ennis, writer ; Steve Dillon, artist ; Matt Hollingsworth, Pamela Rambo, colorists ; Preacher created by Garth Ennis and Steve Dillon
Sences of violence? : a short introduction
Probation practice
Polar. [Volume 1], Came from the cold
Violence in schools : perspectives, programs, and positions
Violence revisited
Collective violence : harmful behavior in groups and governments
Sex and violence : the meanings and gendering of sex acts in the treatment groups for intimately violent heterosexual men
Following her mother's untimely and mysterious death, Delia embarks on a voyage of discovery through the streets of her native Naples searching for the truth about her family.
The familiar : one rainy day in May
Kuolemansyyt 2005 = Dödsorsaker 2005 = Causes of death 2005.
Web of violence : a study of family violence
School violence
True faith
Response based approaches to the study of interpersonal violence
Preacher. Book 9 : Alamo / Garth Ennis, writer ; Steve Dillon, artist
Fighting against violence
Preacher. Book 5 : Dixie fried / Garth Ennis, writer ; Steve Dillon, artist
A frank collection that bucks the backlash against feminist ideas. With a twist on Lesbian Chic, Madonna and other icons, Cole analyzes the many forms of violence against women.
To establish justice, to ensure domestic tranquility : the final report of the National commission on the causes and prevention of violence
The supreme jihad
East of West. [6]
The other's war : recognition and the violence of ethics
The extremes
Gendered violence : patterns and causes of women-to-women violence in the Lake Zone regions of Tanzania, East Africa
Family Violence is a comprehensive, multi-disiplinary work that brings together in one source many findings from years of scientific research. Dr. Pagelow introduces various theories of the cuases of family violence; in addition she explores child abuse and neglects, spouse abuse, adolescent abuse, abuse of elderly partents, and the various types of sexual abuse in the family. The work is a summary of research in sociology, psychology, law, women's studies, family studies, social work, medicine, and counseling. It is essential reading for social workers, counselors, and others who are concerned with the causes, identification, and prevention of the many types of family violence.
Legitimation of Political Violence: The Cases of Hamas and the Khmer Rouge
"Right of death and power over life" : an analysis of Michel Foucault's conceptions of power and violence
Pain of death
Social Representations of Violence Against Women in Algeria
Looks at the differences between martial arts and violence, with information on such topics as expectations of martial arts training, thinking critically about violence, and adapting training methods to reality.
Dialogical conversations on power abuse in couples treatment for intimate partner violence : a qualitative analysis of positions and dominance used in conversations
Gangster warlords : drug dollars, killing fields and the new politics of Latin America
Wounded animals
East of West. [4]
Violence unveiled : humanity at the crossroads
Deciphering violence : the cognitive structure of right and wrong
Preacher. Book one. / Garth Ennis, writer ; Steve Dillon, artist ; Matt Hollingsworth, Pamela Rambo, colorists ; Preacher created by Garth Ennis and Steve Dillon
Why school antibullying programs don't work
Subverting hatred : the challenge of nonviolence in religious traditions
East of West. [5]
A thousand splendid suns
High-rise
Violence in society : reports presented to the 10. Conference of Directors of Criminological Research Institutes (1972)
Prison Pit. book 2
Democracy, violence and emancipatory movements : notes for a theory of inversionary discourse
Pretty deadly. vol. 2, The Bear
A mother's reckoning : living in the aftermath of the Columbine tragedy
A brief history of seven killings
The eye of atrocity : superviolent art
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Meditations on violence : a comparison of martial arts training & real world violence
The girls
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
My brilliant friend
Lords of the Lebanese marches : violence and narrative in an Arab society
From violence to caring : gendered and sexualized violence as the challenge on the life-span : abstracts
Shatter me
Troubling love
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Handbook of political conflict : theory and research
Seeking a way out of the cage : underprivileged women and domestic violence in Bangladesh
The one% own more than half the world's wealth. They've crashed economies, bought governments, and have amassed more power than any other group in history. And they still don't have enough. With this kind of power, how can anyone make them pay? Who will make them pay? Enter Renato Jones, a mysterious vigilante, out to even the score.
This book is about the experience of individuals who have been abused or who have abused others, but it also traces the way an abusive experience can organize a family or professional system so that changes Are difficult to achieve. Arnon Bentovim has been in the forefront of the child abuse field for many years, and he discusses in this volume the way his thinking has changed to incorporate the ideas from the feminist movement and the constructionist family therapists. He looks at the way victimizing actions and the traumatic effects of abuse combine to create a trauma-organized system, which includes the individual, the family, the professional helpers, the community, and the cultural values. The author describes the characteristics of these systems and a diagnostic procedure to help the workers plan the treatment. In order to help such a family, he proposes that interventions need to be made at the different levels of this system, and the book outlines various treatment approaches, such as group work for victims and perpetrators, marital and family therapy, and individual work, particularly to clarify the issue of personal responsibility. The book is illustrated by case studies and transcripts from therapy sessions to clarify the specific techniques Bentovim uses to treat such families.
THE BEST, WORST, AND MOST UNUSUAL : HORROR FILMS
Men who are violent to women : a groupwork practice manual
Esipuheesta: This text is the result of transnational cooperation amongst 18 researchers across Europe. The group was brought together through the work of Sub-network 2 of the Coordination Action on Human Rights Violations (CAHRV) (Project no. 506348), which ran from 2004 to 2007, as part of the European Commission Framework 6 research on "Citizens and Governance in a Knowledge-based Society".
The value of violence
Blood and progress : violence in pursuit of emancipation
Responses to victimisation : a comparative study of compensation for criminal violence in Great Britain and Ontario
The sorrows of Mexico
Family violence
Our enemies in blue : police and power in America
Six degrees of devastation
Violence in schools and its treatment
”It is a long process and it will take time but it does not mean that it is impossible – it is possible!” : experiences of workers from three projects in prevention of honour-related violence among patriarchal immigrant communities in Finland
A fool, free
The purpose of the study was to describe the experiences of registered nurses working in the reception of primary health care about their own abilities of recognizing and broaching violence against women in relationships. We also included the necessity of further education to the study. The material was collected by using the methods of focused interview by interviewing two registered nurses in the reception of primary health care who have been working 9-22 years. The acquired materials were analyzed by inductive material-oriented analyzing method. Results show that registered nurses experience recognition and broaching of domestic violence challenging and difficult without physical signs. Registered nurses experience that they need more charges and education about domestic violence. The use of questionnaires about violence was seen useful. Experience of domestic violence issues were seen helpful and important. Based on the results there is a small amount of further education and it was needed. Different kind of questionnaires was seen useful for broaching. In the future there could be developed a thesis as a project about recognition and broaching of domestic violence. The thesis could be a guide book or an education day. It would be also interesting to study from children ́s perspectives the experiences of living in a violent family or the effects of registered nurse ́s own background and own experiences to broaching.
Fracture me. Book 2
Prison pit : Book 3
Dimensions of television violence
"In this paper, four theories on the causes of civil war are reviewed. One theory, associated with Paul Collier, emphasises feasibility over factors related to grievance. A second theory, espoused by Frances Stewart, focuses on the role of horizontal inequalities. The third theory, identified with William Zartman, highlights the different roles “need, creed and greed” factors play in various phases of a conflict. And the fourth theory, associated with the World Bank / World Development Report 2011, points out “commitment” problems leading to institutional failures as a crucial factor. Each of the theories leads to quite different policy conclusions. Their strengths and weaknesses, and their claimed empirical support, are discussed.In addition, some of the mechanisms underpinning the theories are highlighted on the basis of empirical data. In particular, the central role of horizontal inequalities between social groups is discussed." --Publisher's description.
Kuolemansyyt 2004 = Dödsorsaker 2004 = Causes of death 2004.
East of West. [3]
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Gender roles and domestic violence : narrative analysis of social construction of gender in Uganda
Subjectively evaluated effects of domestic violence on well-being in clinical populations
Pushed
Domestic violence and protecting children : new thinking and approaches
Narcoland : the Mexican drug lords and their godfathers
Screening violence
Children and violence : nature, consequences and interventions
European convention on spectator violence and misbehaviour at sports events and in particular at football matches = Convention européenne sur la violence et les débordements de spectateurs lors de manifestations sportives et notamment de matches de football
The reptile brain
The final word
Positions constructed in specialist health care for patients experiencing intimate partner violence
Agentive responsibility and possibilities of conjoined therapy for intimate relationship violence
Preacher. Book 7 : Salvation / Garth Ennis, writer ; Steve Dillon, artist
Audition
Humanistic Marketing is a response to the currently growing mega-trend call for rethinking marketing. The book organizes current thinking around the problems of marketing theory and practice as well as solutions and ways forward, providing a diverse exploration of the position of marketing in the face of challenges for societal transformation.
Renato Jones : The one%. Season one
The Murder Complex
Terror and resistance : A study of political violence : With case studies of some primitive African communities
Violence : a modern obsession
Masculinities, violence and culture
From violence to caring : gendered and sexualized violence as the challenge on the life-span : conference proceedings
Abstract (s. 7-8)
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
Men's explanations for intimate partner violence : how intimately violent men explain their violence, and how the explanations and their changes are related to treatment outcome in the Jyväskylä Model treatment group for intimately violent men
Unemployment and gang crime : could prosperity backfire?
Gender and violence
The adverse effects of domestic violence on psychosocial well-being
Reason to hope : a psychological perspective on violence & youth
The subculture of violence : towards an integrated theory in criminology
The Lebanese Shi'a and political violence
Workplace violence against nursing personnel : a literature review
Preacher. Book 3 : Proud Americans / Garth Ennis, writer ; Steve Dillon, artist ; [introduction by Penn Jillette]
Chronicler of the winds
Annika Bengtzon has spent her career telling stories that need to be heard. As a journalist, she's always been at the front line of criminal reporting. And now a court case that she's been reporting on - the savage murder of a homeless man - has begun to attract a lot of attention. With the stakes rising by the day, Annika is once again flung to the heart of a complex case. But nagging at the back of her mind is her sister's mysterious absence. In the midst of a tense public situation, Annika's own complicated past looks set to rear its head.
Thinking about violence : perspectives from philosophy, history, psychology and sociology
Son of a witch : a novel
Violence : perspectives on murder and aggression
In this volume, the authors present an overview of the innovative work taking place in relation to domestic violence and child protection. This book looks at new prevention initiatives and how interventions for children exposed to domestic violence have been developed. It shows how services for abusive fathers have evolved and provides discussion and critique of a number of new initiatives in the field of interagency risk assessment. With international perspectives and examples drawn from social care, health care and voluntary sectors, this book brings together established ideas with recent thinking to provide an authoritative summary of current domestic violence and child protection practice. As a valuable source of guidance on how to work safely with children living with domestic violence, this is a key reference for social workers, health professionals and policy makers.
A history of violence : living and dying in Central America
The struggle
Mutafukaz  : Dark meat city
Building strengths and skills : a collaborative approach to working with clients
Studying men's violences in Europe : towards a research framework
Non-violence, tolerance and television : an international roundtable, organized by UNESCO, the International Programme for the Development of Communication and the Indian Government, New Delhi, 1 April 1994 : report of the chairman [Torben Krogh] to the Intergovernmental Council of the International Programme for the Development of Communication
Personnel security in reception work in Helsinki S-hotels : physical and mental violence
In the name of identity : violence and the need to belong
