http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6707 transport companies
transport companies transportation companies
Carriage of goods by sea
Peripherality and logistics in the New Europe : conference report 9-10.3.1994
Logistics study 1996-1997
Modern transport geography
The green business guide : a one stop resource for businesses of all shapes and sizes to implement eco-friendly policies, programs, and practices
International logistics
Transport salaried staff journal : The organ of transport clerical, administrative supervisory, professional and technical staff
Managing transport operations
South Africa in Southern Africa : reconfiguring the region
Finnlines : winning the waiting game
MULTIMOD : the system for simulation modelling of seaports and terminals as logistics centers in intermodal freight transport
The economics of urban transportation
Handbook of logistics and distribution management
Transport economics
Freight Forwarding in the Chinese Market
Principles of transportation economics
Managing the global supply chain
Introduction to management science
BALTIC REGION DEVELOPMENT AND THE STRUCTURE OF BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT IN LITHUANIA
The freight forwarding services provider : case study Green Integrated Logistics
Abstract:.
Carriers and coachmasters : trade and travel before the turpikes
Transit chains in the Baltic sea region : Helsinki, 5-7 June, 1996
Fundamentals of logistics management
FIATA Legal Handbook on Forwarding
Déjà-vu : DB Schenker in East and Southeast Europe
Distributor : the Finnish logistics review
Opportunities for cost reductions by the use of intermodal transports : intermodal production as an alternative for pure road production
Business travel
Big Brown : The untold story of UPS
Regional energy wood logistics : optimizing local fuel supply
Logistical management : the integrated supply chain process
Freight forwarding in the chinese market
Gran-Transport 10 : 1976-1986
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
John Nurminen Oy's logistics are expanding through specialisation
Logistics as a success factor of companies in the outer-circle of EU
Transport and logistics
Business environment and future opportunities in Russian railway freight market
The story of the T.G.W.U
Challenges in transportation process with special needs : case: Kuljetusliike Kalevi Huhtala Oy
EDI relevance in business-to-business messaging
Database for security firm : final year project
International transportation modes and documentation : Case: Dm Auto
BTL East's eyes on the customer : structural change in logistics : not a power play, but a customer focus
Bills of lading : law and practice
Finnlines expects conservative outlook for 1997.
Harmonization of vechile weights and dimensions : consequences in Finland
The Finnish Shipping Companies and their Stamps : Cinderella Stamp Club : handbook 2
Developing co-operation with transportation companies : case: Uponor Finland Oy
Business logistics management : a supply chain perspective
Logistics and transportation study of Spanish suppliers for Talgo-Transtech Oy
Effects of maintenance plan to fleet availability
The international freight guide : the handbook for exporters, importers and forwarders
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
This final thesis solves the challenges and problems of the transportation process with special needs. The experience is ammonium sulphate transportation process by Kuljetusliike Kalevi Huhtala Oy. The process needs modified transportation equipment. I approached this problem by my own experience of the process. I also interviewed Kalevi and Kati Huhtala. The ammonium sulphates special needs in transportation process can be seen from the safety data sheet.  All the results could not be seen in the beginning of the process. Some of the problems came up later, when the situation was optimal. The problems differ between transportation processes. It is important to find out the problems soon after the problem existence. The quicker the reaction for the problem is, smaller damages to the process are caused.
Blood diamond : veritimantti
In transit : the Transporters Workers Union
Managing risk and security : the safeguard of long-term success for logistics service providers
Transport in a unified Europe : policies and challenges
Transportation
Third-party logistics providers : towards a conceptual strategic model
We got Konstinkai ready just in time!
Russian customers' satisfaction with the services provided by transport Huttunen Ltd
Abstract: The main object of this study was to explore the new market areas for the pan-European parcel company, General Logistics Systems (GLS). The study was narrowed to two Baltic countries, Estonia and Latvia. These countries are in interesting phase because of their possible coming EU membership in year 2004. These countries were investigated by using the country analysis, which brings out important points from countries economies, business cultures, infrastructure and political situation. Also the main competitors of this line of business that already operate in Estonia and Latvia are introduced.    The research was based on GLS' common strategy and the way they operate in different countries in Europe. The research focuses to introduce the important points for GLS to take in to consideration when penetrating to these new markets. That way some basic elements that are essential for another company that operates in the same business area were not discussed, as they were irrelevant for the GLS' point of view. Ex. airfreight. Because of that, the study cannot be considered as a general guide for any kind of logistics company.    The basic idea behind the study was to research the conditions and the opportunities to offer such services that GLS offers currently in Finland. The research aims to find out and introduce the best possible partners in both countries for operations like delivery and customs clearance process. These possible partner companies and their operations are also introduced in the study.    The possible future EU membership for Estonia and Latvia and its effects to GLS' operation in these countries is discussed and evaluated in the separate chapter.  The SWOT-analysis gathers together the important points that GLS should take in to consideration when penetrating the Estonian and Latvian markets.
Revenue management in fast scheduled liner traffic : a case study
Supply chain management and transport logistics
Cargo release process development : case company Orient Overseas Container Line (OOCL)
Global cases in logistics and supply chain management
Carrier Performance Rating System
The internationalization processes of freight transport companies : towards a dynamic network model of internationalization
Improving air cargo express services
In a global economy, no nation is self-sufficient. Few nations would be able to maintain their current or even adequate standard of living without international trade. The growing world trade has had a drastic effect on road transportation.  Road transportation has been growing steadily every year and along with it production costs have increased. Therefore demand for alternative transportation methods has risen. This bachelor  ́s thesis researches intermodal transportation as a cost-effective alternative for road transportation. Intermodal transportation is seen as a growing field in the land transportation industry. Traditionally, intermodal transportation has been seen as a complex and slow alternative. To challenge this argument, the study also focuses on the production capabilities of intermodal transportation. In the industry lowered production costs have always been the key factor, however environmentally sound transportation methods are becoming a trend and intermodal transportation is seen as the solution. The focus of this thesis is on a specific intermodal trade lane of Schenker AG, one of the leading logistics companies in the world. Schenker already has road transportation business in the trade lane running from Central Europe to Northern Spain, thus the current road volumes in the trade lane are known. This research presents how much the gross profit margin would increase in the trade lane  and what kind of savings would be made with the use of intermodal transportation. Results show that intermodal transportation is a viable alternative for pure road transportation. It is not only a more cost-effective way of producing, but also allegations of slow production times are denied.
Logistic centres in Moscow : transport, operators and logistics infrastructure in the Moscow Region
Expanding operations of a parcel company to Estonia and Latvia
Modern logistics management : integrating marketing, manufacturing and physical distribution
Logistics management
Computer systems in logistics and distribution : a guide to implementation and applications
Trans Siberian railway operators in Russian Far East
Abstract: Russian customers' satisfaction with the services provided by transport Huttunen Ltd.
The making of the labour movement : the formation of the Transport & General Workers' Union 1870-1922
The management of business logistics
Strategic behaviour in network industries : a multidisciplinary approach
Wood harvesting and logistics in Russia : focus on research and business opportunities : final report of the research project
Evaluating the transportation service provider selection for Russian export deliveries by Finnish manufacturers
Transport logistics
Potential transport company selection in China
Service quality in carrier services
Strategy planning in logistics and transportation
Global operations and logistics : text and cases
Third party logistics : outsourcing logistics in partnerships
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Logistics management in Finnish foreign trade transport
The East-West specialist looks south : DFDS aims for European player status with a solid footing in its market
Changing logistics organization
Transport phenomena
Transport development challenges in the twenty-first century : Proceedings of the 2015 Transopot Conference
