http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6704 biopsy
biopsy
Detection and progression of chronic allograft nephropathy : a study based on protocol biopsies
Biopsy Diagnosis of Peripheral Neuropathy
Magnetic resonance imaging-guided percutaneous abdominal interventions
Sentinel lymph node biopsy as a diagnostic tool in the treatment of breast cancer
Preoperative axillary staging in invasive breast cancer
A manual of laboratory and diagnostic tests
Biopsy diagnosis of peripheral neuropathy
Genomic alterations in myeloproliferative neoplasms and myelodysplastic syndromes
Cardiac sarcoidosis and giant cell myocarditis in Finland
Magnetic resonance imaging-guided percutaneous musculoskeletal biopsies and therapeutic bone drillings
Abstract.
Handbook of diagnostic tests for PDA
Local and regional recurrences in breast cancer and Paget ́s disease of the breast
Evaluation of pancreatic forceps biopsy by laparoscopy in healthy beagles
Genetics and family aspects of coeliac disease
Muscle biopsy : a practical approach
Modified fine-needle aspiration biopsy of the kidney on the study of glomerular pathology
Deciphering potential factors affecting β-amyloid pathology in idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus
Hypoxia-associated biomarkers in rectal cancer treated by preoperative radiotherapy or chemoradiotherapy
Virtual microscopy : design and implementation of novel software applications for diagnostic pathology
Feasibility of sentinel node biopsy in brest cancer surgery
Diagnostic imaging : breast
Fractures in children : epidemiology and associated bone health characteristics
Magnetic resonance imaging-guidedpercutaneous abdominal interventions
Complementary imaging of solid breast lesions : contribution of ultrasonography, fine-needle aspiration biopsy, and high-field and low-field MR imaging
Pain and associated procedural anxiety in adults undergoing bone marrow aspiration and biopsy : therapeutic efficacy and feasibility of various analgesics
Clinical and experimental studies on cardiomyocyte apoptosis in ischemia-reperfusion injury and myocardial protection during cardiac surgery
Molecular biomarkers and histopathological parameters in prostate cancer diagnostics and prognostics
Advances in optical biopsy and optical mammography
Molecular basis of myotonic disorders and new diagnostic techniques
Renal pathology in biopsy : light, electron and immunofluorescent microscopy and clinical aspects
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a well-established imaging modality for disorders of the musculoskeletal system. The distinguishing advantages of MRI are absence of ionizing radiation, excellent tissue contrast and the ability to use any arbitrary imaging plane. MRI can also be used as a guidance method for various percutaneous procedures.The purpose of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of MRI guidance for musculoskeletal biopsies and therapeutic bone drillings. A 0.23 tesla open configuration MRI scanner with an interventional optical guidance system was used.172 percutaneous biopsies performed using MRI guidance were reviewed to define the safety and accuracy of the guidance method. The value of fine needle aspiration biopsy (FNAB) as a supplementary diagnostic procedure for core biopsy was also evaluated. The overall diagnostic accuracy of MRI-guided biopsy was 0.95, sensitivity 0.91, and speciﬁcity 0.98. The diagnostic accuracy of histological biopsy alone was 0.93, sensitivity 0.89, and speciﬁcity 0.98, and accuracy for FNAB alone was 0.85, sensitivity 0.80, and speciﬁcity 0.90. MRI guidance was deemed feasible and accurate and fine needle biopsy a useful supplement.The feasibility and safety of MRI-guided retrograde drilling of osteochondritis dissecans of the knee were evaluated by analysing ten procedures. All the lesions were successfully located and reached without complications. All patients experienced pain alleviation and follow-up MRI showed ossification in all.The feasibility and safety of MRI-guided retrograde drilling of osteochondritis dissecans of the talus were assessed by evaluating four procedures. Technical success was achieved in all cases and no complications were reported. All patients experienced some clinical benefit, although the changes in the pathological imaging findings were subtle.The feasibility and safety of MRI-guide d core decompression for avascular necrosis of the femoral head were assessed by analysing twelve such procedures. The patients quantified their symptoms before and after the procedure. All procedures were successful without complications. All patients with low-stage disease benefited from the procedure. MRI guidance seems accurate, safe and technically feasible for the therapeutic bone drillings studied.
Muscle fibre adaptations, strength and power development during strength and/or endurance training in 40 to 65-yr-old women
Fine needle aspiration cytology
Liver disease in pediatric onset intestinal failure
Abstract. - Yhteenveto.
Handbook of diagnostic tests
Dacie and Lewis practical haematology
Gleason grading of prostate cancer : a contemporary approach
Fractures in children: Epidemiology and associated bone health characteristics
Non-neoplastic diseases of the central nervous system
Laparoscopic renal biopsy in dogs
