http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6702 credits
credits
Finland's financial system is, by structure, vulnerable to risks associated with lending for house purchase. Housing loan volumes are large relative to other lending by banks and requirements on banks' own funds. The fact that household debt levels have increased and that housing wealth constitutes a large proportion of household assets also increases the vulnerabilities. In addition, covered bonds secured by housing loans play a significant role in bank funding and investment. However, the increase in vulnerabilities has largely levelled off in the 2010s..
Money and credit : a sociological approach
Bank lending policy, credit scoring and value at risk
Credit Management : How to improve Tamfelts internal credit management processes?
The World Bank : lending on a global scale
Beyond legal structure : division of competence between home and host states in the prudential supervision of significant credit institution branches in the EU
The emerging mortgage market in Russia : an overview with local and foreign perspectives
The Finnish concessional loans as business opportunities for Lemminkäinen Construction Ltd in the environmental sector in Vietnam
House prices have in the past 10 years risen in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area faster than in the other large Finnish cities. The widening price gap may reflect the increasing attractiveness of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area relative to the other major cities. At the same time, the decline in housing loan interest rates has reduced the user cost of owner-occupied housing. This may also explain why house prices have risen in areas where the supply of housing has not grown correspondingly..
Mobilizing international surpluses for world development : a WIDER plan for a Japanese initiative
Information content of bank credit rating changes : evidence from Europe
Credit risk management and bad debt controlling : case: ANZ Vietnam
Investing in corporate bonds and credit risk
An introduction to credit derivatives
Personal security (PEL Pers. Sec.)
Default risk on Finnish government foreign currency debt
The indebtedness of agriculture in Finland
Abstract.
Goode on legal problems of credit and security
Essays on debt financing, firm performance, and banking in emerging markets
Money saving handbook
Fisheries credit programmes and revolving loan funds : case studies
Conclusions (s. 179-207).
Goode on Legal Problems of Credit and Security
Banking for people : social banking and new poverty, consumer debts and unemployment in Europe - national reports
Econometrics and risk management
Review of Finnish microfinance cooperation
Credit growth and moral hazard : an empirical study of the causes of credit expansion by the Finnish local banks in 1986-1990
The impact of the European debt crisis to the pricing of EU Sovereigns’ CDS, bond and basis spreads
Essays on credit risk in SMEs
At the height of the financial crisis some weeks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers, the Eurosystem adopted a full allotment policy in the refinancing of banks. The move from variable rate tenders and controlling the amounts of liquidity provided to the banks towards fixed interest rates was necessary when the financial intermediation capacity of the banking system had been paralysed and the traditional way implementing monetary policy had led to a significant increase in the price of central bank liquidity provision. This article examines how ensuring banks' access to liquidity through central bank operations has resulted in a situation where, for five years already, short-term money market rates have been lower than the interest rate on the main refinancing operations (MRO rate), that is, the Eurosystem's traditional key steering rate. The article discusses central banks' short-term challenges in the steering of interest rates and outlines a longer-term operational model that would enable the dual use of credit operations both for steering interest rates and, in parallel, for ensuring the availability of central bank funding. The model is based on a differentiated use of collateral in different types of operations conducted by the Eurosystem..
Credit control in boom and recession
Tacit collusion in a segmented and capacity constrained informal rural credit market
Risk weights help to establish each bank's minimum own funds relative to lending, ensuring the bank's ability to cover the related credit risk. The risk weight calculation method chosen by the bank may have a significant effect on capital requirements and ultimately on the price of credit. A harmonised calculation of housing loan risk weights would support fair competition between banks..
The contribution of microfinance to poverty alleviation and its sustainability in Ghana
Law of credit : borrowing and lending money
Bank security documents
Truth in lending : theory, history, and a way forward
Credit derivatives and the management of risk : including models for credit risk
Determinants of credit default swap spreads and credit risk asymmetry : evidence from U.S. non-financial firms in 2007–2012
Customer-specific capital and the theory of the banking firm
Solutions manual for investment science
The cyclical timing of consumer credit, 1920-67
Outstanding credit
The law of bankers' commercial credits
Rechtsfragen bei Bankleistungen im Europäischen Binnenmarkt = Legal issues involved in banking services in the Single European Market = Problèmes juridiques des services bancaires au sein du Marché intérieur européen
The credit risk of complex derivatives
Tightening regulation has only a limited impact on loan margins
Credit guarantee systems for agriculture and rural enterprises development
The value of debt : how to manage both sides of a balance sheet to maximize wealth
As we forgive our debtors : bankruptcy and consumer credit in America
European economy. 21, Commission report to the Council and to Parliament on the borrowing and lending activities of the Community in 1983
Nordic financial sector vulnerable to housing market risks
Theoretical issues in international borrowing
The World Bank and the post-Washington consensus in Vietnam and Indonesia : inheritance of loss
Credit derivatives & synthetic structures : a guide to instruments and applications
Secured credit and the harmonisation of law : the UNCITRAL experience
Corporate performance evaluation in bank lending decisions
Credit rationing, unemployment and economic policies : disequilibrium models of industrialized economics with underdeveloped financial markets
Credit and market risk : an analysis of capital requirement for banking institutions
The role of banks in economic development : the economics of industrial resurgence
The journal of lending & credit risk management
Credit Rating Agencies (CRAs) : The EU Regulatory Framework Assessment
Risks related to economic and credit cycles
Household indebtedness is high in the Nordic countries. Housing loans are a significant part of banks' business, and covered bonds are important for banks both as sources of funding and as investments. The large size of the Nordic banking sector, its high degree of concentration and its interconnectedness with insurance companies increase the importance of housing market-related risks for the financial system and the economy as a whole. The materialisation of threats would increase losses in lending and investment activities and the cost of funding..
Federal lending and loan insurance
Default probability prediction : a comparison of methods
Corporate borrowing patterns with bank equity ownership
Revolving loan funds and credit programmes for fishing communities : management guidelines
Syndicated lending : practice and documentation
Annual survey of letter of credit law & practice. 2007
Casualties of credit : the English financial revolution, 1620-1720
Guide to European Community grants and loans : member state supplements
Summary in Dutch.
Rural financial services and effects of microfinance on agricultural productivity and on poverty
The mystery of banking
Credit and debt : the PSI report
Why are euro area banks' credit standards still tight?
Debt as a (credible) collusive device
The export credit financing systems in OECD member countries
Household debt - how much is too much?
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 9, chapter 5, Commercial transactions and institutions : Letters of credit
Debtor nation : the history of America in red ink
The evolution of creditary structures and controls
Essays on the economics of small business finance
European economy. 28, Commission report to the Council and to Parliament on the borrowing and lending activities of the Community in 1985
The big short : inside the doomsday machine
Credit risk assessment in different contexts : the influence of local networks for bank financing of  SMEs
Research on rural credit union financial risk management and precaution. Case study: Mianzhu rural credit union
Why the poor can gain from increased interest rates in Grameen bank
The commercial banking handbook : strategic planning for growth and survival in the new decade
Stochastic dynamic optimization models in the banking sector
Housing loan risk weights affect banks' capital adequacy
Understanding credit derivatives and related instruments
Credit risk management : basic concepts. financial risk components, rating analysis, model, economic and regulatory capital
Effects of stabilization and structural adjustment programmes on food security
The foreseeable tightening of bank capital requirements will only marginally add to bank costs and, by extension, to loan margins. The other side of the coin is that the most important tool at the disposal of the Financial Supervisory Authority for preventing threats to stability from excessive credit growth - the countercyclical capital buffer requirement - may turn out to be a more ineffective macroprudential instrument than hoped for. Regulation of minimum risk weights for housing loans is likely to be a more effective tool for reining in excessive growth in lending for house purchase..
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
Financial statement statistics on credit institutions
General government deficit and debt
Impact of micro-credit programs of two local NGOs on rural women's lives in Bangladesh
Evaluating the efficiency of accounting recording for doubtful and bad debts : case study: Unity Co-operative Sociey (UNICS) Cameroon
Interest rates and loan portfolio performance in commercial banks: a case study of Centenary Bank Entebbe Road Branch Uganda
Banker to the poor : the autobiography of Muhammad Yunus, founder of the Grameen Bank
The trends of the early post-millennium years - a larger average loan size and longer loan repayment periods - have permanently increased household vulnerability to debt-related risks in Finland. Household indebtedness embraces another four features that amplify the risks to the economy: the debt level is high relative to GDP, risks are unevenly distributed, loans are tied to variable interest rates and, in part, loans are large relative to the collateral provided. The stabilisation of debt developments in the 2010s has been positive for financial stability..
Financing private enterprises and trade : a guide for the transition economies
Finland's neighbouring countries have actively adopted macroprudential instruments to counter stability risks relating to lending for house purchase. Sweden and Norway are taking strong measures to restrain housing credit growth and the associated risks. Of the Baltic States, Estonia and Lithuania, in turn, have imposed limits on the maximum loan servicing costs and length of housing loans so as to prevent risks proactively. Finland has adopted new macroprudential instruments more slowly. The loan-to-value cap that will enter into force in Finland in summer 2016 is more lenient than the requirements imposed in neighbouring countries..
Export credits and aid : evaluation of Finnish Premixed Concessional Credit Scheme : final report
Development of advanced tool for financial analysis. : The case of UPM-Kymmene Oyj
Finland's neighbours rein in lending for house purchase
Essays on empirical asset pricing
Essays on the effects of monetary policy
Credit risk management in banking industry : Case study: Joint Stock Commercial Bank for Foreign Trade of Vietnam
Environmental liability for banks
Duration of consumer loans and bank lending policy : dormancy versus default risk
The equilibrium relationship and the price discovery process of European corporate CDS and bond spreads : evidence from 2007 – 2013
Credit and microfinance needs in inland capture fisheries development and conservation in Asia
With a circulating credit currency, a modern national debt, and sophisticated financial markets, England developed a fiscal-military state that instilled fear and facilitated the first industrial revolution. Yet this new system of credit was precarious and prone to accidents, and it depended on trust, public opinion, and ultimately violence.
Determinants of country creditworthiness : an empirical investigation
A review of credit ratings and credit risk modeling : some evidence for Finnish firms' credit quality migrations
Evaluation of Credit Risk Management Policies and Practices in a Vietnamese Joint-Stock Commercial Bank's Transaction Office
Financial activities
Corporate lending
Consumer behaviour of credit card users-case: Bank of China
Cheap: the high cost of discount culture
Risky debt, bad bank and government
European economy. 32, Commission report to the Council and to Parliament on the borrowing and lending activities of the Community in 1986
The legal aspect of swaps : an analysis based on economic substance
Credit crunch or collateral squeeze? : an empirical analysis of credit supply of the Finnish local banks in 1990-1992
Horizontalists and verticalists : the macroeconomics of credit money
Theoretical aspects to the Finnish credit cycle
A comparison of credit default swap prices and credit spreads
Credit and collateral
Legal problems of credit and security
Trade-offs, rights and responsibilities in the business of microcredit : a case study from South Africa
The relationship between the issuing bank and the beneficiary under a commercial letter of credit
The worst poverty : a history of dept and debtors
Monitoring the uptake and the effectiveness of the Voluntary Code of Conduct on Pre-contractual Information for Home Loans : Country report, Finland
Boomerang : travels in the new third world
Why doesn't microfinance work? : the destructive rise of local neoliberalism
Credit risk management and Basel II : an implementation guide
Banks' nonperforming assets and write-offs in 1992
Managing credit risk : the next great financial challenge
European economy. 37, Commission report to the Council and to Parliament on the borrowing and lending activities of the Community in 1987
Lender's security package and step in rights in project finance
European economy. 41, Commission report to the Council and to Parliament on the borrowing and lending activities of the Community in 1988 : Economic convergence in the Community: a greater effort is needed
Consumer protection in the field of consumer credit
The exercise and effectiveness of monetary policy with loan commitments
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
Finance policy for renewable energy and a sustainable environment
Options, futures, and other derivatives
Finnish banks' problem assets : result of unfortunate asset structure or too rapid growth?
Modelling, pricing, and hedging counterparty credit exposure : a technical guide
Analysing corporate credit
Euro zone sovereign debt crisis : empirical study on the dynamics of credit default swaps and bond prices
Essays on credit contagion and shocks in banking
Women and microcredit in rural Bangladesh : anthropological study of the rhetoric and realities of Grameen Bank lending
Comparative assessment of credit risk in PPP projects
The effect of bank ownership on management's loan maturity selection : empirical evidence from the Finnish loan markets
Credit crunch caused investment slump? : an empirical analysis using Finnish data
Access to credit and its impact on welfare in Malawi
Credit Card Security
Bank loan pricing : evidence from Finnish savings banks in 1987-1992
Regional divergence is a strong feature of the Finnish housing market and household debt. House prices are higher in growth centres than in the rest of the country, and households in growth centres also have more housing debt both in absolute terms and relative to their income. In the long term, the mutually reinforcing cycles and vulnerabilities in housing and credit markets could turn out to be detrimental to financial stability and the macroeconomy..
Lending to households and non-financial corporations has been sluggish and credit standards have continued to be tight in many euro area countries. In June 2014, the Governing Council of the ECB decided to support bank lending to the corporate sector by pledging to commence a series of targeted longer-term refinancing operations. Although the significance of the banking sector in the transmission of monetary policy to the real economy is considerable, the factors behind changes in banks' credit standards in the euro area have not been empirically analysed. With the help of the ECB's Bank Lending Survey, a survey of bank lending and credit demand in the euro area, this article examines to what extent the changes in the terms of credit for corporate loans are due to supply and demand factors, how the size of a company applying for credit affects the terms applied and how the situation in stressed countries differs from that in other euro area countries..
On the importance of borrowing contraints for house price dynamics
The adverse selection problem in imperfectly competitive credit markets
How to get a bank loan : a step by step guide on how to ask for and get personal, student or business loans!
The value of relationship banking : empirical evidence on small business financing in Finnish credit markets
A summary of the argument (s. 3-10).
One country, many housing markets
Financial system risk resilience and structural risks
Market structure in banking and debt-financed project risks
Low interest rates reflected in house prices
Africa's debt : an analysis of the crisis in the eighties and of its possible remedies
Microcredit and international development : contexts, achievements and challenges
Financial freedom and bank credit risk : evidence from the European Union
The impact of credit rating announcements on bond and CDS markets in Europe
Earnings management, capital management and signaling : European evidence
Essays on loan pricing and the credit channel of monetary policy
High housing debt increases risks to financial stability
An introduction to economic capital
Peruvian street lives : culture, power, and economy among market women of Cuzco
Modeling credit risk with the structural approach : an application to capital structure arbitrage
European economy. 19, Economic trends and prospects 1983-84
Payments and credits
Two targets, one instrument: Steering interest rates and preserving financial stability with Eurosystem credit operations
Credit mission of the integrated rural development project of Matara district, Sri Lanka, October 1987
Adverse Selection and Costly Screening in Credit Markets
Forestry : the World Bank's experience
Consumer credit
Evaluating microfinance program innovation with randomized control trials : an example from group versus individual lending
The characteristics of the non-financial and the financial sector credit risk determinants : an empirical study from the CDS index market
European economy. 24, Commission report to the Council and to Parliament on the borrowing and lending activities of the Community in 1984
