http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6712 real property
real property
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 5, Succession : Chapter 8-9 : Liability for obligations of the inheritance ; Succession to agricultural property
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-F, Property : legal precedents
The A-Z of facilities and property management
Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : Case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future.
Property management for dummies
Land resource economics : the economics of real estate
Facility management risks and opportunities
Purchasing Property in Thailand
The emerging mortgage market in Russia : an overview with local and foreign perspectives
The facility manager's guide to safety and security
Land-value taxation : the equitable and efficient source of public finance
Prices and constant quality price indexes for multi-dwelling and commercial buildings in Sweden
An introduction to Swedish real property law
Implementation of facility management to improve the fire safety regulation in Bangladesh
Facilities : the official research publication of EuroFM
LEED reference guide for building design and construction
Affluence, mobility, and second home ownership
The Dilemma of Real Estate Market in Mainland China
Investing into real estate in Germany
Finnish sustainability rating system for data centers : user manual, v0.4 for New Constructions
Study on capitlization rate change of commercial real estae markets in the Helsinki region 2000-2006
Feasibility Study on Hainan Project - Case Study for Licon (Holdings) Limited
Facility management at events : case Tampere Film Festival
Delivering sustainable buildings : an industry insider's view
An analysis of successful REITs : significance of common traits and implications for REIT strategy
Restatement of the law of property. Volume 1, Introduction and freehold estates
The appraisal of real estate
Land law : cases and materials
Property management : a customer focused approach
Marketing Plan of Rental Apartments in Costa Blanca for Scandinavians : Case: Zariko Enterprise SL
Lonely homes
The Marseille caper
Abstract: Real estate market in the Netherlands, Poland and Finland.
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland / utgivare: Lantmäteristyrelsen, Geografiska sällskapet i Finland = Atlas of Finland / publishers: National Board of Survey, Geographical Society of Finland. Vihko = Häfte = Folio 151-152 (1990), Maankäyttö, maanomistus, kiinteistönmuodostus = Markanvändning, markägande, fastighetsbildning = Land use, land ownership, real estateformation
The inflation hedging characteristics of Russian real estate
Regulatory takings : law, economics and politics
On the property rights in Finland : the point of view of legal cadastral domain model
Real estate market in the Netherlands, Poland and Finland
Advanced concepts of common sense investing in real estate : learn the smartest, safest and most profitable ways of making money in residential real estate
The facility management handbook
In the course of their work the facilities manager will face a range of complex and often challenging tasks, sometimes concerned with a single business premises, often across an entire property portfolio. To help with those tasks, the "Facilities Manager's Desk Reference" provides the facilities manager with an invaluable source of highly relevant, practical information on all the principal FM services, as well as information on legal compliance issues, the development of strategic policies and tactical best practice information. With a clear practitioner perspective the book covers both hard and soft facilities management issues and is presented in an easily readable, concise format. "The Facilities Manager's Desk Reference" will be a first point of reference for all busy facilities managers and will save them time by providing access to the information needed to ensure the safe, effective and efficient running of any facilities function. It will also serve as a useful overview for students studying for their professional and academic qualifications in facilities management.
Dictionary of real estate terms
All my wordly goods : a feminist perspective on the legal regulation of wealth
Early contractor involvement in building procurement : contracts, partnering and project management
Customers ́ Buying Behavior Towards The Real Estates of China Vanke Co.,Ltd.
Contents of real rights
The law of real property
Issues in the methodology of property portfolio analysis
Journal of real estate literature
Empiric study on the implementation of a CAFM system on the German market
Urban property market and land law in Finland
Market analysis of Spanish real estate market in Costa Blanca area
The future of facility management in Finland
The housing bubble and consumer buying behavior - A research in Vietnamese residential market
Analysis of Real Estate Derivatives
Facilities management : managing maintenance for buildings and facilities
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-B, Property : legal precedents
Facilities management : towards best practice
Land policy : planning and the spatial consequences of property
Building maintenance management
Textbook on land law
Techniques and methods of real estate development : suburbs with a low socioeconomic status in Russia
Transforming building automation data into building performance metrics : design, implementation and evaluation of use of a performance monitoring and management system
Creating a Competitive Advantage for the Commercial Real Estate Management Company on the Basis of Competitor Analysis : Case Study “Spektr”
You don't have to live like this : a novel
Law's limits : the rule of law and the supply and demand of rights
Facilities Management : Towards Best Practice
Finland and the global real estate market
Property law and the public interest : cases and materials
Determinants of price fluctuations in diverse Polish real estate markets
Property rights regime in land development : analysis of the influence of institutions on land development in terms of property rights theory
Modern studies in property law. Volume 6
Process modelling for planning and management of facilities : a re-engineering approach
Pre-contractual partnering for office transformation projects
Introduction to land law
Bryan's International Real Estate Investments Consulting Services (BIRI) is a company based in Finland and run solely by CEO Paul Bryan: a BBA graduate from TAMK University of Applied Sciences. BIRI provides expert consulting in broking, finding suitable investment targets, finding contacts, development of the real estate, organizing finance with both banks and other investors etc. At the moment BIRI is looking at the possibility of expanding its services in Europe to cover certain parts of Germany mainly the northwestern parts. As per the company's request Hamburg was chosen as the city the following study is concentrated on. Hamburg is one of the largest and wealthiest cities in Germany and it has seen steady growth for some time. As BIRI and the signee are already well acquainted with the Finnish real estate market it was decided to compare the two markets and their legal procedures in order to get an understanding of the potential as well as positive and negative aspects of the German market compared to the Finnish one. The work was roughly divided into ten parts starting with a market analysis of Hamburg and ending on the topic of investing through a limited company. The goal is to give a general comprehensive view on the requirements and steps needed to be taken before and after buying real estate in Germany. The project is based on books about business premises investing, various internet resources about the topic and interviews with experts in the field as well as personal experience from the writer. While going through the phases of international real estate investment from Finland to Germany, both residential and business premises were used to bring out the most relevant facts, also residential and business premises were compared as investment targets. The results indicate that investing in Germany has a lot of potential.
Facilities management and the business of managing assets / Danny Then Shiem Shin and Tan Teng Hee
Understanding land law
Dictionary of real estate
Collaboration in Discontinuous Innovation in the Construction Industry
Housing the new Russia
Natural resource economics : an introduction
What drives urban consumption in mainland China? : the role of property price dynamics
Prediction and fault detection of building energy consumption using multi-input, single-output dynamic model
Balanced Scorecard (BSC) ; a framework for companies in the real estate business
Urban economics and real estate markets
Abstract: Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : Case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future. The purpose of this thesis was to examine a Finnish/Spanish real estate agency Valkea Marina's marketing communications. The research was designed to identify the type of marketing communications Valkea Marina utilises, to discover whether those marketing communications strategies have been profitable, and to analyse ways Valkea Marina can improve its marketing communications in order to increase profits. The research was conducted in two dimensions: secondary research and primary research. The former included research of a large variety of marketing communications literature concerning theories about buyer behaviour, marketing communications planning, and different marketing communications tools such as personal selling, public relations and direct marketing. The latter included designing a survey for Valkea Marina's clients and interviewing the owner of the company in order to compare the results together and to find out areas of improvement. This study revealed that Valkea Marina has been using mostly personal selling, direct marketing and public relations as its marketing communications and it has been able to reach clients. However, this study found out that Valkea Marina's marketing communications lacked consistency and their website did not offer enough information for their customers. The company was advised to create a marketing communications plan, which would enhance their marketing communications by providing thorough and uniform guidelines for the personnel.
Changes and challenges of the digitalization / industry 4.0 for future business models in facility management
A-Z of Facilities and property management
Land value taxation : can it and will it work today?
Introduction to the law of property
The law of secured finance : an international survey of security interests over personal property
A new land law
Real property and conveyancing
Individual foreign investment in Western nation states is a long-standing geopolitical issue. The expansion of the middle class in BRICS and Asian countries, and their increased activity in Western real estate markets as foreign investors, have introduced new and revived existing cultural and geopolitical sensitivities. In this book, Dallas Rogers develops a new history of foreign real estate investment by mapping the movement of human and financial capital over more than four centuries. The book argues the reconfiguration of Asian geopolitical power has ruptured the conceptual landscape for understanding international land and real estate relations. Drawing on assemblage theories (Latour, Deleuze and Guattari), assemblage analytical tactics (Sassen and Ong) and discursive media theories (Kittler and Foucault) a series of vignettes of land and real estate crisis are presented. The book demonstrates how foreign land claimers and global real estate professionals colonise, subvert and act beyond the governance structures of settler-societies to facilitate new types of capital circulation and accumulation around the world.
Land prices in Finland : information system and price developments
The introduction of REITs in Europe : a global perspective
Real Estate Saving and Investing : A Guide for Investors
Apartment ownership and registration : ten case studies in Europe
Personal property : commentary and materials
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-A, Property : legal precedents
End-user satisfaction measurement in facility maintenance services
Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future
International facility management
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
Economic analysis of property rights
Foreign investors in real estate market of Turkey
Experiencing European Facility Management Conference 2010 : the search of the current facility management topics
Prosperity unbound : transforming unreal to real through institutions and trust
Facilities Management Research in the Nordic Countries - Past, Present and Future / edited by Per Anker Jensen and Susanne Balslev Nielsen
The complete guide to property development for the small investor
Explaining the NAV discount, a study of listed property companies in Sweden
The journal of real estate finance and economics
Searches and enquiries : a conveyancer's guide
Investigation and proof of title
Application of building information modelling in facility management
Rakennusten energiatehokkuus : valaistuksen energiatehokkuus = Energy performance of buildings : energy requirements for lighting
Project management performance in building development : the interaction of a building development with adjacent properties
Business Analysis of Ming Zhu Real Estate Development Co. Ltd.
Hospitality facilities management and design
Towards a unified system of land burdens?
Real estate finance : theory and practice
The economics of real property : an analysis of property values and patterns of use
Real estate accounting and reporting : a guide for developers, investors, and lenders
Facilities engineering and management handbook : commercial, industrial, and institutional buildings
BIM for building owners and developers : making a business case for using BIM on projects
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 21, Private international law : Property
Trump : think like a billionaire
Conceptualising home : theories, laws and policies
Why are euro area loans to non-financial corporations growing so slowly?
Housing solutions to aid refugee integration
The home of a baby boomer : a market research of the real estate needs of the baby boomer in the upstate of South Carolina; the case of Rosewood Communities Inc.
Property law. Volume 1
Understanding property law
Abstract: The Management of Distraction Situations in Contracts.
Managing indoor air quality
Cases and text on future interests and estate planning. 1962 supplement
Managing sport facilities
Listed real estate stocks : do they enhance well diversified multi-asset portfolio's risk-return profile?
The geopolitics of real estate : reconfiguring property, capital, and rights
Cheshire and Burn's modern law of real property
Technology for facility managers : the impact of cutting-edge technology on facility management
Cases and text on future interests and estate planning
Working in the field of Facility Management
Land administration guidelines : with special reference to countries in transition
The commissioner of this thesis is a company called CubiCasa. The reason for this thesis was the interest of CubiCasa on 3 different segments. The segments were AR/VR, home decoration and real estate business. The commissioner wanted to find out if it is profitable for the company to go and target these different segments. On these segments they also defined 4 different companies: InsiteVR, Augmented Pixels, CoContest and Zillow. Of these companies they wanted more information and if they should go and sell their products to them. Most of the used material were from the internet sources. Theory part of this thesis were gathered from books. Most of the segments were found to not be profitable for CubiCasa to sell their products to at this time. The company operating in real estate business, Zillow, is the most relevant ones from these companies and segments because of the technology of CubiCasa and their production process. But even in the case of Zillow CubiCasa still have to wait until they have managed to create an almost fully automated production process on the floor plans.
In spite of an accommodative monetary policy and a general economic recovery, growth of loans to non-financial corporations has remained weak in the euro area. The consistently poor growth is largely due to extensive real estate market bubbles in a few countries, which then burst as a result of the financial crisis. The amount of non-performing loans on the balance sheets of banks significantly weakens banks' ability to offer new loans..
The real estate portfolio strategies and management of Finnish foundations
Facility management and service concepts : International Research Seminar on Real Estate Management, 29th to 30th March 2001
Analysis of the Vietnamese commercial real estate market : strategic investment implications for Evergreen Properties of Michigan, Inc.
Strategy and place : managing corporate real estate and facilities for competitive advantage
Home automation : made easy : do it yourself know how using UPB, Insteon, X10 and Z-Wave
Private property and the Endangered Species Act : saving habitats, protecting homes
Analysis of the Vietnamese commercial real estate market : Strategic investment implications for Evergreen Properties of Michigan, Inc.
Suomen kartasto = Atlas of Finland. Appendix 151-152 (1990), Land use, land ownership, real estateformation
Development of after-sales program for Valkea Marina
Property investment : principles and practice of portfolio management
Plausibility check of the "Berlin model of cooperative building land development" with the real market situation based on a practical example
Fundamentals of real estate investment
What is the best way to enter Florida's real estate market in today's economy? : This may serve as a simple guide which offers options for a startup real estate company to enter any real estate market
Broadening the Service Offering for Customers of University Properties of Finland
International timesharing
Maaseudun kiinteistöjen runkopuun käytön kehitys vuosina 1927-63 = Trends of the stemwood utilisation by rural property units in 1927-63
Researching segments of interest for CubiCasa
The complete guide to buying, developing & investing in green property
Total facility management
Land law : text, cases, and materials
Property in a mixed asset portfolio
External environment characteristics for the success of real estate investor in St. Petersburg
Stakeholder relationship development plan
Challenges of a small family owned growth company : case Kotimaailma Apartments
Monopoly : Game of Thrones
The dynamic relationship between direct and indirect real estate : cointegration in the U.S. office real estate markets
Investigation of exit strategies for projest developers of student house projects in Germany with a profitable future perpective
Your investment guide to Thailand
Facilities management : Innovation and performance
Real estate appraisal : from value to worth
Standard conditions of sale : a conveyancer's guide
Federal estate and gift taxes : code and regulations as of February 15, 1976.
European real estate investment trusts :articles on their characteristics and properties
