http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6714 political economics
political economics
Land, power and technology : essays on political economy and historical development
The political economy of social inequalities : consequences for health and quality of life
The political economy of the minimal state
Principles of political economy : with some of their applications to social philosophy : books IV and V
The coming of age of political economy, 1815-1825
Introduction to international political economy
The two narratives of political economy
Dimensions of prejudice : towards a political economy of bigotry
A treatise on political economy : or the production, distribution & consumption of wealth
Political economy : a Marxist textbook
The collected works of A. K. Dasgupta. Vol 1, Two treatises on classical political economy
Handbook of the international political economy of migration
'Positive' economics and policy objectives
The economics of public choice
Political instability, gender discrimination, and population growth in developing countries
Landmarks in political economy : selections from the Journal of political economy. Vol. 1-2
Principles of political economy : variorum edition. Vol. 1
Essays on agricultural and environmental policy
Political economy : a consended course
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Encyclopedia of political economy. Volume 2, L-Z
The political economy of growth
Perspectives on public choice : a handbook
An inquiry into the human prospect
Theories of value and distribution since Adam Smith
Capitalism with a human face
Political economy of the working class : the Indian debate on unequal exchange
David Hume's political economy
Social democracy and rational choice : the Scandinavian experience and beyond
Classical and Marxian political economy : essays in honour of Ronald L. Meek
Perspectives on the economic problem : a book of readings in political economy
Collected works of John Stuart Mill. Vol. 3, Principles of political economy with some of their applications to social philosophy, books III-V and appendices
Individualism and political disorder
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
The economic theory of the leisure class
The political economy of the educational process
A short course of political economy
European journal of political economy : EJPE
The political economy of economic freedom
The birth of biopolitics : lectures at the Collège de France, 1978-1979
Problems of economics and sociology
Papers relating to political economy
Politics of development in the Barents region
The political economy of the welfare state
States versus markets in the world-system
Policy issues in the European Union : a reader in the political economy of European integration
The economic basis of class conflict and other essays in political economy
Empirical studies in institutional change
Elements of political economy
Economic thought and political theory
The economist in the twentieth century and other lectures in political economy
The political economy of protection
Economics and policy : a historical study
The theory of political economy
The ABCs of political economy : a modern approach
Democracy and welfare economics
Manual of political economy
International political economy : perspectives on global power and wealth
The political economy of pensions : political support and scope for reform
Political economy. 1, General problems
The political economy of the New Left : an outsider's view
The political economy of international debt
Government failure : society, markets and rules
Issues in political economy : a critical approach
The political economy of monopoly : business, labor and government policies
Politics and economics : papers in political economy
The state in the American political economy : public policy and the evolution of state-economy relations
Theories of political economy
On the political economy of housing's tax status
Economics and national security : a history of their interaction
Positive economics and policy objectives
Lush fields and parched throats : the political economy of groundwater in Gujarat
The historical evolution of the international political economy. Vol. 2
Globalisation and interdependence in the international political economy : rhetoric and reality
The perilous road to the market : the political economy of reform in Russia, India and China
The historical evolution of the international political economy. Vol. 1
The political economy of property rights : institutional change and credibility in the reform of centrally planned economies
Masters of the universe : Hayek, Friedman, and the birth of neoliberal politics
What is political economy? : eight perspectives
America and the world political economy : Atlantic dreams and national realities
Theories of comparative political economy
Institutional economics : its place in political economy
New economics and its history
The political economy of communication : rethinking and renewal
Review of political economy
Human rights and development : international views
China rules : globalization and political transformation / edited by Ilan Alon ... [et al]
The economics and ethics of private property : studies in political economy and philosophy
Nordic journal of political economy
Principles of political economy with some of their applications to social philosophy : books IV and V
Political economy and capitalism : some essays in economic tradition
Modern political economy : old topics, new directions
The misfortunes of prosperity : an introduction to modern political economy
The state and the economic system : an introduction to the history of political economy
Economics of labor
The world's wasted wealth : the political economy of waste
Fundamentals of marxist political economy
The continuing story of a death foretold : realism in international relations/international political economy
Political economy : a condensed course
The principles of political economy
This highly unique book takes a fundamental look at when and how a government can fail at its core responsibility of formulating rules. Government, representing society, relates to the economy by formulating the rules within which (market) players should operate. Although market and business failure are much discussed in the economics literature, government failure is often overlooked. This book addresses this gap, exploring in detail what constitutes government failure. Wilfred Dolfsma illustrates that it is not adequate to discuss government failure simply with reference to its level of expenditure, as is usually the case. Defining government failure and analysing it in the domains of health care, innovation and technology, he explores topics such as how market and society relate, consequences of conflicts between government policies, how government should (not) intervene, the vulnerability of institutions and rules (set out by government), and suggests a welfare perspective for evaluative purposes. This stimulating and thought provoking book will prove a fascinating read for academics, researchers and advanced students in economics - particularly public choice and institutional economics - public administration, policy studies, and law and economics.
Political economy and the changing global order
