http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6715 updating
updating
Consumer electronics firmware update solutions
Applying USB device firmware upgrade class to Nokia specific USB firmware upgrade solution
The updating of forest resource data for management planning for privately owned forests in Finland
SAP® ERP Upgrade and Testing : Case: Haaga-Helia UAS
The necessity for testing of the new upgraded SAP® ERP 6.0 training environment at Haaga-Helia University of Applied Sciences led to the need for this thesis paper. The practical aim of the testing part was to ensure that the functionality and business processes required in the SAP ERP basics course of the Business Information Technology DP, having started in the autumn semester 2010, would not be affected by the upgrade and the course exercises of the previous implementation of the course, which functioned as test cases, would still be suitable.     The research method used for this thesis was a qualitative research with an empirical part. The empirical part consisted of a single-case study – i.e. testing the functionality and processes of the SAP ERP 6.0 application at Haaga-Helia UAS. Testing was conducted during the summer 2010. The test result tables for each test case can be found in the thesis appendices.     The theoretical part based on relevant literal and online sources introduced the field of study to the readers, so that they are better able to comprehend the significance of the empirical testing part and its results. The idea of this thesis was not to invent something new or improve something old - instead, the purpose was to provide an overview of the ERP upgrade as a post-implementation phase phenomenon and highlight relevant factors related to SAP ERP upgrade and, at the same, time provide the framework for the empirical part.     This thesis project indicated that upgrading an SAP ERP system can be a complex, business-changing project that deserves much of the same careful planning and execution as a new implementation. As a whole, this study provides a good information package on SAP ERP upgrade and testing as well as on other numerous factors that should be considered when planning, managing and executing an upgrade. In general, the duration, complexity and cost of an upgrade project depend on many factors such as the complexity of the SAP ERP landscape; the number of modules and the complexity of functionality in use; the extent of modifications; the number of interfaces to other applications; how far behind the client's installed version has fallen from the latest vendor release; technical requirements; and the skills of the upgrade team.     Most likely this thesis will be useful for those who are interested in ERP software and issues related to its post-implementation phase, and to those who are interested in upgrading their SAP ERP solution. The objectives of the empirical testing part were achieved and therefore the thesis is also useful for the sponsor.
Service availability standards for carrier-grade platforms : creation and deployment in mobile networks
Remote upgrade test on a simulated mobile switching center
Bigelow's PC hardware desk reference
Finnish abstract:Spare parts optimazation for long-range surveillance radar after mid-life upgrade.
Transforming tradition : a method for maintaining tradition in a craft and design context
The complete PC upgrade and maintenance guide
The year 2000 problem solver : a five-step disaster prevention plan
Final test system for commercial bluetooth and WLAN product set
Abstract.
Dreamweaver CS5 all-in-one for dummies
SAP® ERP upgrade and testing : case: HAAGA-HELIA UAS
The updating of language laboratory programs and network connection
Spare parts optimazation for long-range surveillance radar after mid-life upgrade
Improving the budgeting of software maintenance programs
Upgrading and repairing PCs
Build and upgrade your own PC
Windows Server 2012 Unified Remote Access : Planning and Deployment
Updating Management Systems of SME’s, Regarding Legislative and Normative Changes
The KVM and dynamic updating
On upgrading the mobile Internet to the next generation Internet Protocol
Windows XP for starters : the missing manual
Web design all-in-one for dummies
Abstract: Continous updating of Lapland`s road network in the terrain database.
Haynes computer manual : the step-by-step guide to upgrading, repairing and maintaining a PC
Advances in photogrammetry, remote sensing, and spatial information : 2008 ISPRS congress book
Rethinking software updating : concepts for improved updatability
Until recently, the most important revenue generating factor in the telecommunication industry was the product as a box itself. This sector is going through major changes, which resulted in the unbundling of products and services. As the services business grows, it becomes the main revenue generating item, and telecommunication companies become software and services companies. Telecommunications services are based on software based solutions, and software needs continuous care, namely software maintenance.    The scope of this thesis is software business, more closely it deals with software maintenance budget planning. The starting point of the study was the following: the software update revenue – earned by the sponsor company - needs to be split up between the different software maintenance programs in a more efficient way, hence improving the budget planning of these programs. The study has three objectives: overviewing the way software business is approached by the sponsor company, finding relevant parameters to help more accurate software maintenance program budgeting, and analyzing the relationship between software update sales and problem ticket reporting.    First, the study overviews the relevant literature of products, services and software maintenance. Then it overviews the sponsor company's approach to software business. After this, the methodology of the study is presented. This means the investigation software maintenance programs of the sponsor company in order to find relevant parameters for budgeting. It is achieved by collecting evidence from various sources. The rest of the thesis presents and summarizes the findings, discusses the quality of the report and gives recommendations for future research.    The results of the study are the following. First, the report presents a summary of the SW Business approach at the sponsor company, which can be used as a compact self-study material on the topic. Further results are the relevant parameters for software maintenance program budgeting, as follows: installed base information, product characteristics, new vs. mature technologies, low cost vs. high cost locations, and different cost structures of the ex-companies. The study also presents a general formula for SW Update cost calculation in a global organization. Taken into consideration these result help a better budget planning for software maintenance programs.
Phone selector box update = Puhelinvalintalaitteen päivitys
￼￼Update for X-Ray Beam Profile Monitor – Motherboard and Firmware
CPPemulator in the TCM upgrade testing process of mobile media gateways
Firmware updates on mobile devices
A unified run-time updating and task migration mechanism
Development of a data aquisition system for the engine research laboratory = Moottorintutkimuslaboratorion tiedonkeruulaitteiston päivitys
Windows 2000 server
The Uva virtual machine
Redesigning Web sites : retooling for the changing needs of business
Energy for the 21st century, 2-3 July 1996
Windows 7 resource kit
Evaluation of MMC remote upgrade option
