http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6713 land use
land use
Social ecology : society-nature relations across time and space
Resource access and range land management in three communal areas of Namibia
Our American land
Othaya : land use, socio-economy and environment : report from a geographical field course in the Kenya Highlands. April 1980
Questions about land control have invigorated thinkers in agrarian studies and economic history since the nineteenth century. 'Exclusion', 'alienation', 'expropriation', 'dispossession', and 'violence' animate histories of land use, property rights, and territories. More recently, agrarian environments have been transformed by processes of de-agrarianization, urbanization, migration, and new forms of primitive accumulation. Even the classic agrarian question of how the social relations of agriculture will be influenced by capitalism has been reformulated at critical historical moments, reviving or producing new debates around the importance of land control. The authors in this volume focus on new frontiers of land control and their active creation. These frontiers are sites where established power relationships are challenged by new enclosures and property regimes, producing new social and environmental dynamics in their stead. Contributors examine labor and production processes engaged by new configurations of actors, new agrarian and environmental subjects and the networks connecting them, and new legal and violent means of challenging established or imminent land controls. Overall we find that land control still matters, though in changed degrees and manners. Land control will continue to inspire struggles for a long time. This book was originally published as a special issue of the Journal of Peasant Studies. -- back cover
Approaches, methods and technologies for EIA
Density and biomass of chironomid larvae in a peat channel in Central Kalimantan, Indonesia
Community planning : an introduction to the comprehensive plan
Land use: an introduction to proprietary land use analysis
Our land, our future : a new approach to land use planning and management
Land resource economics : the economics of real estate
Enhanced processing of SPOT multispectral satellite imagery for environmental monitoring and modelling
How to construct ecologically and socially sustainable urban environments? : a literature review on climate change, runoff waters and land-use impacts in urban environments : vulnerability assessment of ecosystem services for climate change impacts and adaptation, action 6 : assessment of climate change and land use impacts in urban environments (short name Urban Environments)
Evaluation for sustainable land management in the developing world. 2, Technical papers
Sources of acidity and metals in a stream draining acid sulphate soil, till and peat, western Finland, revealed by a hydrochemical and sulphur isotope study
This remarkable collection of essays by leading Indigenous scholars focuses on the themes of freedom, liberation and Indigenous resurgence as they relate to the land.
Vegetation in civil and landscape engineering
Abstract: Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance. The purpose of this dissertation was first to identify some of the common and prevailing discourses on community participation and water supply governance in developing countries as a whole, and South Africa in particular. Secondly, the study was intended to discuss why and how particular perceptions and practices continue to be so influential in the area of water supply governance. The research conducted for this dissertation consisted of an extensive and critical review of various forms of relevant secondary data. In the first part of this study, different definitions of community participation and water supply governance, as well as ideas on how and why these concepts are linked, were discussed in general terms. Postmodern theory relating to truth claims, power and discourses was also included in order to deploy a particular analysing tool for the second part of the study. The latter sections of the dissertation focused respectively on deconstructing topic-related South African governmental publications as well as analysing and discussing common water supply and community participation discourses in the framework of different South African case examples. This study found that discussions revolving around water supply easily become limited to contrasting public and private forms of ownership and management, although in actuality the same - largely neoliberal principles - often seem to guide both options. It was also discovered that new discourses are emerging, such as basic water supply as a universal human right and community participation in water supply governance as a form of empowerment for marginalised community members. Postmodern analysis, however, has additionally suggested that while decentralisation of water governance and participatory approaches are already becoming an integral part of water policies, this redefinition is still far from truly replacing the common centralising practices and influential neoliberal discourses.
Sound mining in the North : a guide to environmental regulation and best practices supporting social sustainability
Indigenous peoples' rights, minority group rights and international human rights law
Espoo-Helsinki-Kauniainen-Sipoo-Vantaa : development strategy for municipalities' joint land use : basis for discussion
Remote sensing image fusion : a practical guide
Mineral nutrient content of water at different depths in peatland in Central Kalimantan, Indonesia
Global deforestation
Urban land markets in the United Kingdom : a report on Government policies and programmes and their background, prepared as part of an International Project for the Urban Affairs Division of the OECD
Urban land rent : Singapore as a property state
Summary: Reuse of peatlands - what shall we do with the old peat production areas?.
Zonation : spatial conservation planning methods and software : version 4 : user manual
Principles of protected area management in Finland
Forest hydrology : processes, management and assessment
Air temperatures in high-latitude regions are anticipated to rise by several degrees by the end of the century and result in substantial northward shifts of species. These changes will likely affect the source and sink dynamics of greenhouse gases and possibly lead to a net carbon release from high-latitude soils to the atmosphere. However, regional differences in carbon cycling depend highly on the vegetation community composition, which may be controlled by the abundance of herbivores. I investigated whether mammalian herbivores, mainly reindeer and rodents, alter ecosystem carbon storage through their impacts on vegetation and on dominant plant functional traits. I combined observations of recent changes in ecosystem carbon with experimental field manipulations of both herbivory and climate change and measured carbon storage in vegetation and soil, the uptake and release of carbon dioxide, microbial activity and compared these to plant community composition.Results of my PhD thesis show that under ambient conditions, the impacts of herbivory on both above- and belowground carbon storage ranged from positive to negative. Herbivory altered dominant plant functional traits and these were fairly good predictors of the changes in soil carbon. When combined with experimental warming, herbivory continued to exert control on the dominant plant functional traits but the strong effects of warming on ecosystem carbon storage mostly concealed the impact of herbivory. Interestingly, herbivory–nutrient interactions that were not linked to dominant functional traits determined the consequences of warming on soil carbon. Taken together, I show clear and site-specific impacts of herbivores on vegetation and ecosystem carbon storage and the processes that govern them. Therefore, I suggest that an improved understanding of the role of herbivory in the global carbon cycle could improve estimations of global carbon–climate feedbacks.
GIS assessing traditional and modern agricultural land use/land cover change : a case study 1959-2005: Rekijoki, Somero, SW-Finland
This paper traces the correlation between the functions of landscape, its dynamics under its human influences and the dominant images of its terrain. A great deal of attention is given to Vyborg Karelia - the part of the Karelian Isthmus ceded by Finland to the Soviet Union in 1940. The author considers the consequences on the landscape of population exchange and settlement after 1944, alterations in landscape due to increased recreation, forest protection, the abandonment of agricultural lands, bog drainage and open-cut mining. The conclusions reached concerning the landscape imagery of the region are based chiefly on an analysis of texts and pictures from between the 1950s and the 1980s, and the author's observations and research data. Predominantly examined is the perception of the residents of Leningrad (now St. Petersburg) as being the widest human cross-section vis-à-vis Vyborg Karelia at the period under examination. The radical changes in its imagery during the postwar period were wrought by: 1) great alterations in landscape functions and land use; 2) the loss of historical recollection of past landscapes in the present population; and 3) the strong ideologization of landscape perception during the Soviet period. An integral image, dominating up to now, embodies the principally "recreational model" of landscape development, one which is not completely adequate to the present state of the landscape. During the post-Soviet period, regional imagery becomes more complex and contradictory in regard to the increased transitional function of the Isthmus as a bridge between Russia and the European Union.
Multispectral satellite image understanding : from land classification to building and road detection
Land use in the urban-rural fringe of Chipata, Zambia : a discussion on the prospects for land utilization, emphasizing long-term natural resource management : a minor field study
Landuse changes on the island of Djerba, Tunisia : a minor field study
Man and the biosphere : survey of 10 years research related to the UNESCO MAB programme in Sweden
Land law : cases and materials
Concepts and considerations for the synthesis of ecosystem goods and services in Finland
Landuse and soil erosion in a small watershed in Okhaldunga, Eastern Nepal : a minor field study
Mustiala Campus land-use management plan : final report
Mbeya master plan : planned land use in 1994.
Soil erosion and land use : towards a sustainable policy : proceedings of the seventh Professional Environmental Seminar held on Friday 25th February at the Møller Centre, Cambridge
Waste Management in Northern Towns of Namibia
Assessing the recreational demand for agricultural land in Finland
Climate and human impacts on wheat production and land use in the Loess Plateau region, China
Environment and land use in the shore zone of the coast of Finland
Citizens' attitudes towards multifunctional agriculture
Land rights and investment treaties : expoloring the interface
Multilingual thesaurus on land tenure
Urban and rural change in the developing world : proceedings of the International Workshop on Urban Farming and Rural Tourism Priorities for Action in the 21st century at the King's Manor, York 19-20 October 1994
Barries to utilization of focused antenatal care among pregnant women in ntchisi district in Malawi
Forest landscapes and global change : challenges for research and management
East Usambara mountains : forests and landuse : maps and diagrams
Northern landscapes : "Implementation of the European Landscape Convention in the North Calotte Area Municipalities" : conference in Inari, Finland 7-9 September 2011
Implications of and possible responses to climate change in Sub-Saharan Africa
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
The Finnish land resource: potential for increased wood production
Although urban allotment gardening dates back to the nineteenth century, it has recently undergone a renaissance of interest and popularity. This is the result of greater concern over urban greenspace, food security and quality of life. This book presents a comprehensive, research-based overview of the various features, benefits and values associated with urban allotment gardening in Europe. The book is based on a European COST Action project, which brings together researchers and practitioners from all over Europe for the first detailed exploration of the subject on a continent-wide scale. It assesses the policy, planning and design aspects, as well as the social and ecological benefits of urban allotment gardening. Through an examination of the wide range of different traditions and practices across Europe, it brings together the most recent research to discuss the latest evolutions of urban allotment gardening and to help raise awareness and fill knowledge gaps. The book provides a multidisciplinary perspective, including insights from horticulture and soil science, ecology, sociology, urban geography, landscape, planning and design. The themes are underpinned by case studies from a number of European countries which supply a wide range of examples to illustrate different key issues.
Gis assessing traditional and modern agricultural land use/land cover change : a case study 1959-2005: Rekijoki, Somero, SW-Finland
Presents a study that explores the concepts of globalization, gender relations, and land tenure, and the intersection of these concepts in a globalizing project, represented by the Chad-Cameroon Oil Pipeline project in selected communities in Cameroon. This work is suitable for scholars in social and management sciences, and others
Reindeer talk : Sámi reindeer herding and nature management
The vegetation of Uganda and its bearing on land-use
Matching community needs with university R&D : Dutch science shops
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
Indigenous knowledge of Namibia
Land use zones and land use patterns in the Atlantic zone of Costa Rica : a pattern recognition approach to land use inventory at the sub-regional scale, using remote sensing and GIS, applying an object-oriented and data-driven strategy
Rural land-use planning in developed nations
Chinese city and regional planning systems
Proceedings of Working Group S6.12-03 integrated land use and forest policies : IUFRO - Centennial 1992 Berlin - Eberswalde
Forest & landscape research
Selling the Serengeti : the cultural politics of safari tourism
Land use planning and remote sensing
Materialien zur Terminologie der Agrarlandschaft = Basic material for the terminology of the agricultural landscape. Matériaux pour la terminologie du paysage agraire. 1, Flur und Flurformen = Types of field patterns = Le finage agricole et sa structure parcellaire
Ecological forest management handbook
Land use control : evaluating economic and political effects
Land use in life cycle assessment
Grabbing back : essays against the global land grab
Land use
Land use planning and resource assessment in Tanzania : a case study
Modeling social phenomena in spatial context
Participatory Urban Planning : best practices (PUP) : land use workshop – ideas and policies seminar report : B-team Brownfield policy improvement task force / Özlem Özer-Kemppainen, Helka-Liisa Hentilä,  Leena Soudunsaari, Risto Suikkari
Can learning from the past help to predict the future in the environmental impact assessment on reindeer husbandry?
Agricultural transformation and land use in Central and Eastern Europe
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Amazon : biodiversity conservation, economic development and human impact
Critical readings in planning theory
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
The social impact of the Chad-Cameroon oil pipeline : how industrial development affects gender relations, land tenure, and local culture
Greenhouse gas fluxes from drained peat soils:a comparison of different land use types and hydrological site characteristics
An introduction to regional economics
Land use : the interaction of economics, ecology and hydrology
A relation between historical forest use and current dead woody material in a boreal protected old-growth forest in Finland
Natural resource economics : an introduction
Landscape planning : environmental applications
Land use / land cover changes in the period of globalization : proceedings of the IGU-LUCC International Conference, Prague 2001
Studies scale issues from three interrelated perspectives: land surface properties, patterns, and processes. Addresses the impact of new frontiers in Earth observation technology (high-resolution, hyperspectral, Lidar sensing, and their synergy with existing technologies) and advances in remote sensing imaging science (object-oriented image analysis and data fusion).
Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo tudi guanlifa = Land administration law of the People's Republic of China
Land use design planning for Karagwe secondary school in Tanzania : a minor field study
The changing Arctic and the European Union : a book based on the report "strategic assessment of the development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union"
Land use and land cover mapping in Europe : practices & trends
Evaluation for sustainable land management in the developing world. 3, Summaries of the poster papers
Sustaining agriculture near cities
Nitrogen and phosphorus transformation in riparian buffer zones of agricultural landscapes in Estonia
Global economic and environmental aspects of biofuels
Conclusions and recommendations (s. 18-20).
Foreign investment, law and sustainable development : a handbook on agriculture and extractive industries
Radical planning initiatives : new directions for urban planning in the 1990s
Influence of changes in crop cultivation areas on pollen contents of honey
Key issues for succesful scenario planning : perspectives on sustainable use of natural resources in agricultural sector
Characteristics and management options for mixed construction waste residue
Intensive variable and its application
Socio-economic impacts of bioenergy production
New frontiers of land control
Report of the Workshop on Land Registration and Land Information Systems, Nairobi, Kenya, 15 to 18 october 1990.
The influence of changes in climate and land-use on regeneration dynamics of Norway spruce at the treeline in the Swiss Alps
Multiscale influence of environmental factors on water quality in boreal rivers:application of spatial-based statistical modelling
The landscape of the Karelian Isthmus and its imagery since 1944.
Guidlines for mitigating the adverse effects of acid soils in Finland until 2020.
Sukumaland : an African people and their country : a study of land use in Tanganyika
Profiling recreational users of national parks, national hiking areas and wilderness areas in Finland
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
The gradual erosion of the social security function of customary land tenure arrangements in lineage-based societies
Assessing the land cover and land use change and its impact on watershed services in a tropical Andean watershed of Peru
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Land use in Sudan
Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance
Guidelines for the improvemenat of land-registration and land information systems in developing countries : with special references to English-speaking countries in Eastern, Central and Southern African countries
The natural resource plan 2001-2010 : summary ; [editing: Teppo Loikkanen ; English translation: Kaija Anttonen and Teppo Loikkanen]
Economic activity and land use : the changing information base for local and regional studies
Effects of changes in land-use, age-structure and management on carbon dynamics of European forests
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
A how-to manual for designing and collecting data for a map project based on a land use-and-occupancy method called the map biography.
Environmental GIS in the management of visitor flows
Problems of land use at the northern climatic border of forest
Land law in comparative perspective
Herbivory control over tundra carbon storage under climate change
Competition for land in Britain
Location and land use : toward a general theory of land rent
Who owns freshwater?  : Detecting and Deconstructing Discourses Relating to Community Participation in Water Supply Governance
Abstracts and presentations : The 15th Nordic Conference on Reindeer and Reindeer Husbandry Research : Luleå, 26th-29th January 2009
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Land use in early nineteenth century Finland
Vegetation and land-use history of the Haanja Heights (SE-Estonia) during the Holocene
Urban ecosystem services at the plant-soil interface
Effect of hydrological restoration on degraded tropical peat carbon fluxes
Performance of alternative policies in addressing environmental dimensions of multifunctionality
Time-limited interests in land
Land use in Central Boston
Decision support system for agricultural land use and fertilisation optimisation : a case study on barley production in Estonia
Scale issues in remote sensing
Economic development and environmental control : balancing business and community in an age of NIMBYs and LULUs
New approaches to the governance of natural resources : insights from Africa
Acculturation and the health behavior of vietnamese, somalis, estonians and russians living in Finland in 2002
Biorenewable resources : engineering new products from agriculture
Evaluation for sustainable land management in the developing world. 1, Towards the development of an international framework
The wealth of waste : the economics of wastewater use in agriculture
The hinterland of a city : rural settlement and land use in the Petra region from the Nabataean-Roman to the Early Islamic period
European Convention on Human Rights and transition of the legal culture : reception of the argumentation of the European Court of Human Rights by the Finnish supreme jurisdictions
Human influence on the sedimentation in the delta of the river Kyrönjoki, western Finland
Conservation planning : shaping the future
Summary and conclusions (s. 56-58).
CO2-balance in the athmosphere and CO2-utilisation:an engineering approach
High latitude agriculture is rainfed. Climate change could, however, increase water deficiency and initiate a call for development of irrigation systems as a part of field water management systems. This study aimed to develop a basic understanding about the current state of irrigation potential according to region by monitoring proximity of fields to waterways and characterizing their general conditions. One third of Finnish fields are in direct contact with a shoreline of an inland waterway. This coupled with Finland being water-rich country may improve adaptive capacity to cope with the potentially harmful impacts of climate change in the future. However, there are marked differences between regions in access to water resources. Findings of this survey will serve as background information needed to assess future needs for introduction of irrigation and to evaluate the opportunities to close yield gaps and improve yield stability through irrigation.
Overlook : exploring the internal fringes of America with the Center for Land Use Interpretation
Residential area and health : a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Guidelines for land-use planning
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Sustainability of nature-based tourism
Promoting eco-dry toilet use in rural area of Kunming municipality
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region : implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Property rights, land values and urban development : betterment and compensation in China
Common-place of common-sense : local level arguments concerning the rightfulness of the ILO convention number 169.
Rural landscapes and agricultural policies in Europe
Equity, vulnerability and resilience in social-ecological systems : a contemporary example from the Russian Arctic
Socioeconomic and environmental impacts of biofuels : evidence from developing nations
The military use of land : a history of the defence estate
Methods in land use statistics : the environmental aspect [Finland, Hungary, Sweden]
Land cover : annual topic update 1997
Policies for sustainable land management in the highlands of Ethiopia : summary of papers and proceedings of a seminar held at the International Livestock Research Institute, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, 22-23 May 2000
Master planning in Tanzania mainland : the practice, problems and the way forward
Is prosopis a curse or a blessing? : an ecological-economic analysis of an invasive alien tree species in Sudan
Moshi master plan : land use 1994. 19.
Population growth and land use
Man and the Biosphere : survey of 10 years research related to the UNESCO MAB programme in Sweden
Land and resource planning in the national forests
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
pH of streams in western Finland : a perspective from the Middle Ages into the mid 21st century
High resilience in the Yamal-Nenets social-ecological system, West Siberian Arctic, Russia
Sustainable property development : a guide to real estate and the environment
Suomen kartasto = Atlas of Finland. Appendix 151-152 (1990), Land use, land ownership, real estateformation
Policy analysis and integrated land use
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Visitor perceptions of the inscription on the world heritage list : the use of stated choice methods
Comparison of the land use planning processes and methods Oulu - Skanderborg - Umeå : InnoUrba project
Proximity of waterways to Finnish farmlands and associated characteristics of regional land use
A world you do not know : settler societies, indigenous peoples and the attack on cultural diversity
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region: implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Implementation of landscape ecological methods to GIS-based procedures for land use analysis and decision support in rural areas
Očerki istorii tradicionnogo zemlepol'zovaniâ hantov : materialy k atlasu = Essays on Khanty traditional land use and history: (materials for atlas)
Lighting the eighth fire : the liberation, resurgence, and protection of Indigenous Nations
Traffic and land use
Tanga master plan : future land use 1995. 23.
The conflicts of land in Taita Taveta district, Kenya
Still believing in virtual worlds : a decomposed approach
National land policy, planning, and Management Act of 1972 : report of the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs, House of Representatives to accompany H.R. 7211.
Land use planning systems and practices Oulu - Skanderborg - Umeå : InnoUrba project
Small-scale non-industrial private forest ownership in the United States : rationale and implications for forest management
Living proof : the essential data-collection guide for indigenous use -and-occupancy map surveys
"Climate change ravages the earth, while wealthy elites try to grab as much of the world's diminishing resources as possible. As Vandana Shiva writes, land is life. But land, and the struggle to possess it, is also power - colonial and corporate power, to be sure, but also the power of the dispossessed to rise up and call for an end to the global land grab." --Book jacket.
Land utilization in Australia
The history of soil and water conservation
Sport place planning as a part of land-use planning in Finland
Decolonising indigenous rights
Ecological corridors in land use planning and development policies : national approaches for ecological corridors of countries implementing the Pan-European Landscape and Biological Diversity Strategy
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe
