http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p671 Europeans
Europeans
Designing and Assessing L2 Writing Tasks Across CEFR Proficiency Levels
Imagining difference : legend, curse, and spectacle in a Canadian mining town
European attitudes to the global English in use at the close of the 20th century
A voyage to the north west side of America : the journals of James Colnett, 1786-89
Entering the chimeraland of Indo-European reconstruction
Two worlds : first meetings between Maori and Europeans, 1642-1772
Eurafrica : the untold history of European integration and colonialism
Technology, disease, and colonial conquests, sixteenth to eighteenth centuries : essays rappraising the guns and germs theories
Using data from Eurobarometer Surveys 2001-2011 we examine trends and correlates of childlessness intentions and ideals across Europe over the past decade. We distinguish childlessness as a personal preference (personal ideal number of children is zero) from intended childlessness (intention to have no children) as these reflect somewhat different dimensions of childlessness as a conscious decision. We find that, on average, childlessness as a personal preference is relatively rare in Europe, although in some western European countries a sizeable proportion of young adults express a desire to have no children. Intentional childlessness is slightly more common than ideal childlessness is, since about 11% of currently childless young adults aged 18 to 40 years in Europe intend to have no children. We analyse factors related to childlessness intentions and ideals on the individual and country levels. A weaker individual socioeconomic position influences the intention to remain childless through various channels, such as unemployment or low socioeconomic status. Associations between individual's social position and ideal childlessness are less clear. Results also indicate that macro-economic conditions do not have a direct impact on intentional childlessness, whereas a higher prevalence of traditional family values in a country is related to a lower likelihood of individuals considering childlessness to be their ideal family form.
Encyclopedia of Indo-European culture
Thailand : men's paradise?
Tmesis and Proto-Indo-European syntax
Mighty Europe 1400-1700 : writing an early modern continent
Peoples and empires : Europeans and the rest of the world, from antiquity to the present
"What's Queer about Europe focuses on those queer types of artistic, political or theoretical exchanges that take place in the presence of the idea of Europe. This book is not about queer communities in Europe but about how Queer Theory helps us initiate counter-intuitive encounters for imagining Europe"--
The enchanted islands : a comparison of mythological traditions from Ireland and Iceland
Colonial frontiers : indigenous-European encounters in settler societies
What is Europe?
A European education : citizenship, identities and young people
The imported pioneers : Westernes who helped build modern Japan
The Jamestown project
A question of identity
Spanish explorers in the Southern United States 1528-1543
Autumn in the Heavenly Kingdom : China, the West, and the epic story of the Taiping Civil War
Citizens of Europe? : the emergence of a mass European identity
The Atlantic world and Virginia, 1550-1624
The death and rebirth of the Seneca : the history and culture of the great Iroquois nation, their destruction and demoralization, and their cultural revival at the hands of the Indian visionary, Handsome Lake
Competing eyes : visual encounters with alterity in Central and Eastern Europe
The impossible Europeans
The discourse of Europe : talk and text in everyday life
An anthropology of the European Union : building, imagining and experiencing the new Europe
The Japanese and Europe : images and perceptions
Proceedings of the XVth Congress of the International Comparative Literature Association "Literature as Cultural Memory" : Leiden, 16-22 August 1997. Vol. 10, Images of Westerners in Chinese and Japanese literature
Taíno Indian myth and practice : the arrival of the stranger king
Discontented geopolitics of other European spaces
The spread and influence of European culture among the High Plains Indians, 1540-1885
Early Transition Trends and Differences of Higher Education Attainment in the Former Soviet Union, Central and Eastern European Countries
Marginality and identity : Anglo-Indians as a racially-mixed minority in India
The middle ground : Indians, empires, and republics in the Great Lakes region, 1650-1815
East and Central European history writing in exile 1939-1989
"I could give up many things but not that" : teachers' and pupils' experiences of using the European Language Portfolio in assessment
An Indo-European comparative dictionary
"In this concluding volume, the series editor discusses education about Europe, how education contributes to the construction of the identities of young people in contemporary Europe, and the education that might be thought necessary in order to 'be a European'. Starting from the premise that concepts such as identity, citizenship, nation and Europe are inventions or constructions made by and shared with members of a particular society, this book reflects on current changes in society, and particularly European society, and how these affect the way in which young people conceptualise and construct their identities and their social relationships with their societies."--BOOK JACKET.
Young People and Europe : attitudes towards Europe and European Identity : direction générale XXII : education formation et jeunesse
The origins of the Europeans : classical observations in culture and personality
Illustrated History of Europe : A Unique portrait of Europe's common History
Comparative ethnographical studies. 8, Modifications in Indian culture through inventions and loans
Citizenship in historical perspective
Myths of pre-Columbian America
This collection of Sonja Brentjes' articles deals with travels, encounters and the exchange of knowledge in the Mediterranean and Western Asia during the 16th and 17th centuries, focusing on three historiographical concerns. The first is how we should understand the relationship between Christian and Muslim societies, in the period between the translations from Arabic into Latin (10th - 13th centuries) and before the Napoleonic invasion of Ottoman Egypt (1798). The second concern is the 'Western' discourse about the decline or even disappearance of the sciences in late medieval and early modern Islamic societies and, third, the construction of Western Asian natures and cultures in Catholic and Protestant books, maps and pictures. The articles discuss institutional and personal relationships, describe how Catholic or Protestant travellers learned about and accessed Muslim scholarly literature, and uncover contradictory modes of reporting, evaluating or eradicating the visited cultures and their knowledge.
Uncouth nation : why Europe dislikes America
European imagery and colonial history in the Pacific
International business etiquette. Europe : what you need to know to conduct business abroad with charm and savvy
A strange likeness : becoming red and white in eighteenth-century North America
Transnational heritage in the making : strategies for narrating cultural heritage as European in the intergovernmental initiative of the European heritage label
From the Early Days of Finnish Indology IV - Julio Natanael Reuter
Theoretical bases of Indo-European linguistics
Between worlds : early exchanges between Maori and Europeans, 1773-1815
Naming-constructions in some Indo-European languages
The past trends in tertiary education attainment of selected post-communist countries are investigated through population projections. Did a common higher education policy manifest itself through attainment levels, and how did the situation change after the collapse of the Soviet regime? The approach is based on comprehensive back-projections ranging from year 2000 to 1970. Descriptive findings for most countries show that the level of tertiary education attainment for women has surpassed that of men sooner than in Western Europe. Results are discussed in light of individual countries' pre-war higher education models and former communist policy, and possible implications are derived for future study of higher education attainment.
The dark continent? : images of Africa in European narratives about the Congo
Introduction to the "Laryngeal theory"
Europeans : essays on culture and identity
The other heading : reflections on today's Europe
White gold : the extraordinary story of Thomas Pellow and North Africa`s one million European slaves
Suspect relations : sex, race, and resistance in colonial North Carolina
We Europeans
Two monsoons : the life and death of Europeans in India
Potlatch at Gitsegukla : William Beynon's 1945 notebooks
An outcast of the islands
Promoting the European Union : comparative analysis of EU communication strategies in Finland and in Italy
People like us  : misrepresenting the Middle East
Darkness in El Dorado : how scientists and journalists devastated the Amazon
The Old World and the New : a synopsis of current European views on American civilization
The peoples of Europe
South-East Asia in the eyes of Europe : the sicteeth Century
Legal and administrative barriers to youth exchange in the European Community
Race, science, and the nation : reconstructing the ancient past in Britain, France and Germany
European identity and the search for legitimacy
Off-white Hollywood : American culture and ethnic female stardom
Spanish exploration in the Southwest 1542-1706
The price of whiteness : Jews, race, and American identity
Two distinct groups of EU immigrants in coastal Turkey
The Chinese Chameleon : an analysis of European conceptions of Chinese civilization
Mediterraneans : North Africa and Europe in an age of migration, c. 1800-1900
Domination without dominance : Inca-Spanish encounters in early colonial Peru
No abstract
Euro-Arab relations : a study in collective diplomacy
Travel and ethnology in the Renaissance : South India through European eyes, 1250-1625
Empires of love : Europe, Asia, and the making of early modern identity
Exploring European identities
Culture change and shifting populations in central northern Mexico
Between east and west : the Moluccas and the traffic in spices up to the arrival of Europeans
Europe's myths of orient : devise and rule
Negotiated empires : centers and peripheries in the Americas, 1500-1820
Ancestral journeys : the peopling of Europe from the first venturers to the Vikings
While many argue that Europeans are becoming more Eurosceptical, this book posits that we need to consider citizens' indifference and ambivalence in order to understand their reactions to European integration. Drawing on new evidence, the author explores the various faces of this indifference, from fatalism, to detachment, via sheer indecision.
Imagining the other : orientalism and occidentalism in Tamil-European relations in South India
Exiles in Hollywood
Europäische Identität und Sprachenvielfalt = European identity and language diversity = L'identite europeenne et la diversite linguistique
Childlessness Intentions and Ideals in Europe
Twentieth-century colonialism and China : localities, the everyday and the world
"What's Queer about Europe? examines how queer theory helps us initiate disorienting conjunctions and counterintuitive encounters for imagining historical and contemporary Europe. This book queers Europe and Europeanizes queer, forcing a reconsideration of both. Its contributors study Europe relationally, asking not so much what Europe is but what we do when we attempt to define it. The topics discussed include: gay marriage in Renaissance Rome, Russian anarchism and gender politics in early-twentieth-century Switzerland, colonialism and sexuality in Italy, queer masculinities in European popular culture, queer national identities in French cinema, and gender theories and activism. What these apparently disparate topics have in common is the urgency of the political, legal, and cultural issues they tackle. Asking what is queer about Europe means probing the blind spots that continue to structure the long and discrepant process of Europeanization"--
The Kansa Indians : a history of the wind people, 1673-1873
Immigrant America : European ethnicity in the United States
Storms brewed in other men's worlds : the confrontation of Indians, Spanish, and French in the Southwest, 1540-1795
Travellers from Europe in the Ottoman and Safavid empires, 16th-17th centuries : seeking, transforming, discarding knowledge
The Europeanization of national political parties : power and organizational adaptation
The sea change : the migration of social thought, 1930-1965
Experiments in civilization : the effects of European culture on a native community of the Solomon Islands
European, national and regional identity : proceedings of the international conference "European, national and regional identity"
The Europeans
Studies in honor of Jaan Puhvel. Pt. 2, Mythology and religion
Hisstories : white Kenyan life histories
Serbian spaces of identity : narratives of belonging by the last "Yugo" generation
The tropics and the traveling gaze : India, landscape, and science, 1800-1856
"What is Europe? Where does it begin and end? Who is a European? These questions have long been debated but never more so than in the early 21st century. Anna Triandafyllidou and Ruby Gropas show that there can be no single definition of Europe but that a lot can be learned from addressing its diverse meanings"--
The cultural migration : the European scholar in America
Europe : a history of its peoples
Leiden Indo-European etymological dictionary series
Between Europe and the Mediterranean : the challenges and the fears
40 faces of Europe
The Mediterranean and the Aegean coastal zone of Turkey has emerged as a new destination for lifestyle migrants from Northern Europe in the recent years. This article aims at drawing attention to the recent migration flow of EU citizens to Turkey in case of Marmaris - a tourism town located on the Turkish Riviera. The differences of EU citizens who settled in Marmaris are studied by considering their retirement status. The retired and non-retired EU citizens are compared as to their socio-economic and demographic characteristics, pull and push factors in their migration process, perceived problems in Turkey and intention to return. The research was conducted in 2008 and 2009. 131 participants are EU citizens who spend at least three months in a year in Marmaris. Both qualitative and quantitative methods were employed during the research. The factors that cause the migration of the Europeans towards Marmaris are similar with other destination countries along the Mediterranean as well as the other destinations in Turkey however the retired and the non-retired groups in Marmaris differ from each other in aspect of some characteristics..
The association of foreign spouses
New England encounters : Indians and Euroamericans ca. 1600-1850
"Bringing together a wide collection of primary documents, this is an essential reader on the idea of 'Europe' from antiquity to the twentieth century. Including classic texts from antiquity alongside rare and newly translated material, this critical collection is an invaluable resource for students of European history and identity"--
On the wings of time : Rome, the Incas, Spain, and Peru
Points of convergence : selected papers of the 5th international Tartu Conference on North-American Studies
Northern mists
Leadership of the 21st century : comparison of European and Japanese leadership and corporate social responsibility
Inventing Americans in the age of discovery : narratives of encounter
Natives and newcomers : the cultural origins of North America
The fatal shore
Sowing the wind : the seeds of conflict in the Middle East
American Indians
Forgotten conquests : rereading New World history from the margins
Our savage neighbors : how Indian war transformed early America
Crossing cultures : essays in the displacement of western civilization
Puritans among the Indians : accounts of captivity and redemption, 1676-1724
European encounters with the New World : from Renaissance to Romanticism
The triple representation of Schwa in Greek and some related problems of Indo-European phonology
Incarnations of the Aztec supernatural : the image of Huitzilopochtli in Mexico and Europe
The laws of Indo-European
Micmacs and colonists : Indian - white relations in the maritimes, 1713-1867
Selected reports in ethnomusicology. Vol. 3, no. 1
Offering an alternative narrative of the conquest of the Incas, this work examines the colonial imprint that permeates most accounts of the conquest. This work focuses on the years that bridged the first contact between Spanish conquistadores and Andean peoples in 1531 and the moment, around 1550, when a functioning colonial regime emerged.
Native American representations : first encounters, distorted images, and literary appropriations
The coming of the Barbarians : a story of western settlement in Japan 1853-1870
A theory of textual reconstruction in Indo-European linguistics
Westerners through Chinese eyes
A new atlas on the origins and early history of the Europeans. 1, General questions
Encountering the Pacific in the Age of Enlightenment
Implicit understandings : observing, reporting, and reflecting on the encounters between Europeans and other peoples in the early modern era
Pathways of memory and power : ethnography and history among an Andean people
What's queer about Europe? : productive encounters and re-enchanting paradigms
The archaeology of Australia's history
Europe, nations and modernity
Nation, state, and territory : origins, evolution, and relationships. Vol. 1
Determinants of trust in buyer-seller relationship : a study in a European-Chinese context
Displacing whiteness : essays in social and cultural criticism
Through travellers' eyes : European travellers on the Iranian monuments
Virtual voyages : travel writing and the antipodes 1605-1837
For the past five years, this anthology has stirred reactions around the globe, exciting readers, critics, and publishers alike. Bringing new names and work of European writers to an international audience has shown the vitality of writing from Europe at a time when the number of translations has dramatically shrunk in the United States and England, thereby depriving readers of access to some of the best writing being done in the world today. As in past volumes, special attention is paid to writers from the smaller countries who are usually overlooked (Albania, the Ukraine, Belarus, Croatia, Serbia, Slovakia, Latvia, Estonia, and many others) in favor of the major languages. This tradition continues with the present volume. With a preface by the internationally known Enrique Vila-Matas, Best European Fiction 2015 takes it place among the first five volumes in bringing important voices to the English-speaking world.
Creating identity : the case of Europe
When the Mongols changed the world : the encounter between Europeans and Mongols in the thirteenth century
Hollywood destinies : European directors in America, 1922-1931
In the wake of contact : biological responses to conquest
Best European fiction 2015
The Indo-European lexicon : a full synchronic theory
European music and musicians in New York City, 1840-1900
The Settlement cook book : tested recipes from the Settlement cooking classes, the Milwaukee public school kitchens, the School of trades for girls, and experienced housewives
Medieval Europeans : studies in ethnic identity and national perspectives in Medieval Europe
CEFLING: Combining Second Language Acquisition and Testing Approaches to Writing
The Pacific vision
Negrophilia : avant-garde Paris and black culture in the 1920s
Europeans and mongols : in the middle of the thirteenth century : encountering the other
Integrating indifference : a comparative, qualitative and quantitative approach to the legitimacy of European integration
Emerging identities among young children : European issues
The blessed place of freedom : Europeans in Civil War America
Thinking European(s) : new geographies of place, cultures and identities
The divine versus the asurian : an interpretation of Indo-European cult and myth
European identity : a historical reader
Burning women : widows, witches, and early modern European travelers in India
