http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6727 intelligence (mental properties)
intelligence (mental properties)
A model for intelligence
Changing conceptions of intelligence and intellectual functioning : current theory and research
Brilliant psychology : how to understand yourself and other people
Metaphors of mind : conceptions of the nature of intelligence
IQ and psychometric tests : assess your personality, aptitude, and intelligence
Anders Ericsson has spent thirty years studying The Special Ones, the geniuses, sports stars and musical prodigies. And his remarkable finding, revealed in Peak, is that their special abilities are acquired through training. The innate gift of talent is a myth. Exceptional individuals are born with just one unique ability, shared by us all the ability to develop our brains and bodies through our own efforts.
How smart is your dog? : discover if your pet can solve these fun canine tests
Are you smarter than you think? : over 150 tests to help you discover and exploit your natural intelligence
Are we smart enough to know how smart animals are?
The lost days
What is intelligence? : contemporary viewpoints on its nature and definition
The new IQ : use your working memory to think stronger, smarter, faster
7 kinds of smart : identifying and developing your many intelligences
Intelligence as a predictor of outcome in short- and long-term psychotherapy
The Helsinki test : the inkblots and using the test
Numeracy tests for dummies
An essay on original genius
Thinking in perspective : critical essays in the study of thought processes
The idiot brain : a neuroscientist explains what your head is really up to
Intelligent grammar : a task-based grammar revision package for Grade 9
The talent code : greatness isn't born, it's grown
The intelligence paradox : why the intelligent choice isn't always the smart one
Test your own IQ
Beyond IQ : a triarchic theory of human intelligence
Mensa presents : the ultimate mental challenge
Clever children in comprehensive schools
Intelligence : on myths and measurement
Other minds : the octopus and the evolution of intelligent life
Brainstorm : the power and purpose of the teenage brain
Intelligence : reconceptualization and measurement
Are dolphins really smart? : the mammal behind the myth
Advances in cognition and educational practice. Vol. 5, Conceptual issues in research on intelligence
Intelligence and ability : selected readings
Thinking and problem solving
Encyclopedia of human intelligence. [2], [J-Z, Index]
The measurement and appraisal of adult intelligence
The bell curve debate : history, documents, opinions
Super bright baby : 50 things you really need to know
Introduction to personality and intelligence
The nature of human intelligence
Negro intelligence and selective migration
The g factor : the science of mental ability
Focus : the hidden driver of excellence
Test your IQ : 400 questions to boost your brain power
"Unpredictable and entertaining, Burnett's account gives us up-to-date research and the principles of neuroscience along the way. Looking at memory, intelligence, observation, social interaction and personality, Burnett explains why: memory is like a doting mother; tall people are more intelligent; criticism is more powerful than praise; we remember faces before names; a glass of wine can refresh your memory and you can't be 'a little bit OCD'."--Allen & Unwin website.
Factors of level and speed of intelligence
Intelligence in the flesh : why bodies are smarter than thought
Practical intelligence : nature and origins of competence in the everyday world
The concise mastery
Personality and intelligence at work : exploring and explaining individual differences at work
The ecology of human intelligence : selected readings
Intelligence applied : understanding and increasing your intellectual skills
Advances in cognition, education and deafness
Lateral thinking : a textbook of creativity
Human intelligence and medical illness : assessing the Flynn effect
Book of IQ tests : book 5
Parenting and teaching the gifted
The wonderful wizard of Oz
Exiles : the second Uplift trilogy
The curious incident of the dog in the night-time
Intelligence and creativity
Human intelligence : perspectives and prospects
Encyclopedia of human intelligence. [1], [A-I]
The measurement of adult intelligence
How smart is your cat? : discover if your pet can solve these fun feline tests
The 10,000 year explosion : how civilization accelerated human evolution
IQ : a Mensa analysis and history
Race and IQ
Test your IQ : 400 new tests to boost your brainpower!
Measuring intelligence : facts and fallacies
The perks of being a wallflower
Ultimate IQ tests : 1,000 practice test questions to boost your brainpower
Parents of gifted students have often experienced the frustration of trying to get an appropriate education for their children in public and private schools. Teachers have equally experienced the frustration of trying to educate these students due to classroom demands. Over the past two decades, Callard-Szulgit has accumulated well over 1,000 questions asked by parents in her gifted parenting classes, her graduate students of gifted education, education colleagues, and gifted students themselves. This user-friendly book offers common sense and educationally informative answers to the questions and dilemmas that parents and teachers seek. This book will be of interest to all who seek a fair and equitable education for the gifted.
Intelligence : its nature and nurture. 1, Comparative and critical exposition
Uplift : the complete original trilogy
Ozma of Oz
National IQ and economic development : a study of eighty-one nations
The character of cats : the origins, intelligence, behaviour and stratagems of Felis silvestris catus
The genius of birds
Adult development and aging
Intelligence : its nature and nurture. 2, Original studies and experiments
Clinical interpretation of the Welchsler intelligence scale for children (WISC)
The development of intelligence
The horse : a biography of our noble companion
Human intelligence : its nature and assessment
The puzzler's dilemma : from the Lighthouse of Alexandria to Monty Hall, a fresh look at classic conundrums of logic, mathematics, and life
You're smarter than you think : a kid's guide to multiple intelligences
The ToM storybooks as a tool of studying chidren's theory of mind in Finland
Dry ice : a novel
Puzzles for super brains : a personal selection of old and new puzzles
Validity in psychological measurement:an investigation of test norms
Handbook of human intelligence
Hereditary genius : an inquiry into its laws and consequences
Frames of mind : the theory of multiple intelligences
Adaptation and intelligence : organic selection and phenocopy
Peak : secrets from the new science of expertise
"If you think that intelligence emanates from the mind and that reasoning necessitates the suppression of emotion, you'd better think again--or rather not "think" at all. In his provocative new book, Guy Claxton draws on the latest findings in neuroscience and psychology to reveal how our bodies--long dismissed as mere conveyances--actually constitute the core of our intelligent life. From the endocrinal means by which our organs communicate to the instantaneous decision-making prompted by external phenomena, our bodies are able to perform intelligent computations that we either overlook or wrongly attribute to our brains. Embodied intelligence is one of the most exciting areas in contemporary philosophy and neuropsychology, and Claxton shows how the privilege given to cerebral thinking has taken a toll on modern society, resulting in too much screen time, the diminishment of skilled craftsmanship, and an overvaluing of white-collar over blue-collar labor. Discussing techniques that will help us reconnect with our bodies, Claxton shows how an appreciation of the body's intelligence will enrich all our lives."--provided from Amazon.com.
Enabling genius : a mindset for success in the 21st century
Study guide and unit mastery program for Atkinson and Hilgards introduction to psychology
Implicit and explicit mental processes
Intelligence, genes, and success : scientists respond to the bell curve
Keep your brain fit : 101 ways to tone your mind
What is intelligence?
Creativity : genius and other myths
The craft of intelligence
IQ testing : increase your vocabulary and develop your powers of calculation and logical reasoning
Research reports No. 13-21 : Department of psychology, Institute of pedagogics = Tutkimusselosteet No. 13-21 : Psykologian laitos, Jyväskylän kasvatusopillinen korkeakoulu
Frames of mind : the theory of multiple intelligences. To accompany
How general is G? : a multitrait approach to modelling intelligence : handout of a poster presented at the III European Congress of Psychology, Tampere, July 4-9, 1993
Written within a bio-psychosocial framework, Cavanaugh and Blanchard-Fields' text covers the specific ages-stages of adult development and aging. In its unparalleled coverage of current research and theory, the authors draw clear connections between research and application. The book's focus on "positive aging" and the gains and losses people experience across adulthood distinguish it from its competitors.
Inside of a dog : what dogs see, smell, and know
Sexual intelligence : what we really want from sex - and how to get it
Critical issues and practices in gifted education : what the research says
The 'Flynn effect' refers to the massive increase in IQ test scores over the course of the twentieth century. Does it mean that each generation is more intelligent than the last? Does it suggest how each of us can enhance our own intelligence? Professor Flynn is finally ready to give his own views. He asks what intelligence really is and gives a surprising and illuminating answer. This expanded paperback edition includes three important new essays. The first contrasts the art of writing cognitive history with the science of measuring intelligence and reports new data. The second outlines how we might get a complete theory of intelligence, and the third details Flynn's reservations about Gardner's theory of multiple intelligences. A fascinating and unique book that bridges the gulf separating our minds from those of our ancestors a century ago, and makes an important contribution to our understanding of human intelligence.
Education of the gifted and talented
A Diverse Observance of Life: Multiple Intelligences in Biology : alanimi
Bounce : how champions are made
Human cognitive abilities in theory and practice
Avian cognition : exploring the intelligence, behavior, and individuality of birds
Intelligence and evolutionary biology
The psychology of ageing : an introduction
Fluid/spatial and crystallized intelligence in relation to domain-specific working memory : a latent variable approach
SQ : spiritual intelligence the ultimate intelligence
Sense and nonsense about hothouse children : a practical guide for parents and teachers
Genius and eminence
The hermetic millennia
IQ and aptitude tests : assess your verbal, numerical and spatial reasoning skills
The Britannica guide to the brain : a guided tour of the brain - mind, memory and intelligence
Leadership : the power of emotional intelligence : selected writings
Deafness, deprivation, and IQ
Edward de Bono's masterthinker's handbook : a guide to innovative thinking
Match wits with Mensa : the complete quiz book
Ultimate IQ tests : 1,000 practice test questions to boost your brain power
IQ and psychometric tests : assess your personality, aptitude and intelligence
Doing better? : children's and their parents' and teachers' perceptions of the malleability of the child's academic competences
Inside animals minds : the new science of animal intelligence
Curious : the desire to know & why your future depends on it
Intelligence and abilities
The origins of intelligence in children
Autism, intelligence and consciousness
What is intelligence? : beyond the Flynn effect
Recruitment at the Royal Swedish navy with the aid of intelligence tests
The making of intelligence
The origin of intelligence in the child
Education for the gifted
Talent. You've either got it or you haven't'. Not true, actually. This book draws on research to reveal that, far from being some abstract mystical power fixed at birth, ability really can be created and nurtured. It explains what is really going on when apparently unremarkable people suddenly make a major leap forward
This extensive study integrates the latest research on individual differences and the interface between deafness and the environment and intelligence. Dr. Braden utilizes meta-analysis techniques to assess data from over 8,000 subjects in 50 studies to explore the broad-ranging effects of deafness on such factors of IQ differences, family dynamics, social interactions, genetic and interaction theories, and racial differences.   table of content Deafness as a Natural Experiment.  Deafness as a Natural Experiment-Revisited.  The Study of Deaf People's Intelligence.  Evaluating the Outcomes of Deafness as a Natural Experiment. Implications of Deafness, Deprivation, and IQ for IQ Differences Between Groups.  The Value of Deaf Children as a Natural Experiment for Understanding IQ Differences Between Groups. Index.
SQ : spiritual intelligence, the ultimate intelligence
Mighty brain teasers
Intelligence and race : the origins and dimensions of the IQ controversy
The wizard of Oz
Matters of intelligence : conceptual structures in cognitive neuroscience
The structure of intellect : its interpretation and uses
A Diverse Observance of Life: Multiple Intelligences in Biology
Introducing emotional intelligence : a practical guide
IQ in question : the truth about intelligence
Intelligence and attainment tests
WISC-IV clinical use and interpretation : scientist-practitioner perspectives
Test your EQ : assess your emotional intelligence with 22 personality questionaires
The raising of intelligence : a select history of attempts to raise retarded intelligence
Primitive intelligence and environment
Dysgenics : genetic deterioration in modern populations
How to pass numeracy tests
Intelligence, learning and action : a foundation for theory and practice in education
I am right, you are wrong : from this to the new reneissance: from rock logic to water logic
Magic and mystery of birds : the surprising lives of birds and what they reveal about being human
"Peter Godfrey-Smith is a leading philosopher of science. He is also a scuba diver whose underwater videos of warring octopuses have attracted wide notice. In this book, he brings his parallel careers together to tell a bold new story of how nature became aware of itself. Mammals and birds are widely seen as the smartest creatures on earth. But one other branch of the tree of life has also sprouted surprising intelligence: the cephalopods, consisting of the squid, the cuttlefish, and above all the octopus. New research shows that these marvelous creatures display remarkable gifts. What does it mean that intelligence on earth has evolved not once but twice? And that the mind of the octopus is nonetheless so different from our own? Combining science and philosophy with firsthand accounts of his cephalopod encounters, Godfrey-Smith shows how primitive organisms bobbing in the ocean began sending signals to each other and how these early forms of communication gave rise to the advanced nervous systems that permit cephalopods to change colors and human beings to speak. By tracing the problem of consciousness back to its roots and comparing the human brain to its most alien and perhaps most remarkable animal relative, Godfrey-Smith's Other Minds sheds new light on one of our most abiding mysteries." -- Goodreads.com summary.
Models of intelligence : international perspectives
Intelligence and socioeconomic success : a study of correlations, causes and consequences
Understanding psychology
