http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6720 multilingualism
multilingualism
This collection represents contemporary perspectives on important aspects of research into the language in the public space, known as the Linguistic Landscape (LL), with the focus on the negotiation and contestation of identities. From four continents, and examining vital issues across North America, Africa, Europe and Asia, scholars with notable experience in LL research are drawn together in this, the latest collection to be produced by core researchers in this field. Building on the growing published body of research into LL work, the fifteen data chapters test, challenge and advance this sub-field of sociolinguistics through their close examination of languages as they appear on the walls and in the public spaces of sites from South Korea to South Africa, from Italy to Israel, from Addis Ababa to Zanzibar. The geographic coverage is matched by the depth of engagement with developments in this burgeoning field of scholarship. As such, this volume is an up-to-date collection of research chapters, each of which addresses pertinent and important issues within their respective geographic spaces.
Die Standardisierung von Minderheitsprachen = The standardisation of minority languages = La standardisation des langues minoritaires
Lost and found in translation : contemporary ethnic American writing and the politics of language diversity
This book presents new empirical findings about Germanic heritage varieties spoken in North America: Dutch, German, Pennsylvania Dutch, Icelandic, Norwegian, Swedish, West Frisian and Yiddish, and varieties of English spoken both by heritage speakers and in communities after language shift. The volume focuses on three critical issues underlying the notion of 'heritage language': acquisition, attrition and change. The book offers theoretically-informed discussions of heritage language processes across phonetics and phonology, morphology, syntax and semantics and the lexicon, in addition to work on sociolinguistics, historical linguistics and contact settings. With this, the volume also includes a variety of frameworks and approaches, synchronic and diachronic. Most European Germanic languages share some central linguistic features, such as V2, gender and agreement in the nominal system, and verb inflection. As minority language faced with a majority language like English, similarities and differences emerge in patterns of variation and change in these heritage languages. These empirical findings shed new light on mechanisms and processes --
Dangerous multilingualism : northern perspectives on order, purity and normality
AFinLA:n syyssymposium 2012 : osallistumisen multimodaaliset diskurssit = AFinLA Autumn Symposium : multimodal discourses of participation, Oulu 9.-10.11.2012
It's easy to mingle when you are bilingual : bilingualism and contact linguistics = Zweisprachigkeit und Kontaktlinguistik
Mehrsprachigkeit in der erweiterten Europäischen Union = Multilingualism in the enlarged European Union = Multilinguisme dans l'Union Européenne élargie
What is Sociolinguistics? is a tour through the major issues that define the field, such as region, status, gender, time, language attitudes, interaction, and style, while also exploring the sociolinguistics of multilingualism, culture and ethnicity, language contact, and education, all introduced with excitement, humor, and deep knowledge.  Explores the sociolinguistics of multilingualism, culture and ethnicity, language contact, and education  Provides useful and clear learning features including numerous innovative exercises and project ideas, spotlighted research readings, glossary terms, chapter summaries, and text boxes. Features a companion website offering PowerPoint slides for instructors and sample answers to questions, as well as links for further study.
Abstract in english.
Bilingual Europe : Latin and vernacular cultures, examples of bilingualism and multilingualism c. 1300-1800
A concept of international English and related issues : from "real English" to "realistic English"? = Autour du concept d'anglais international : de "l'anglais authentique" à "anglais réaliste"?
Languages in contact in a multilingual society : implications for language learning and teaching
Language for specific purposes
Negotiating multilingual discourse in a Finland-based online football forum : metapragmatic reflexivity on intelligibility, expertise and  nativeness
Repertoires and choices in African languages
Exploring the dynamics of multilingualism : the DYLAN project
Multilingualism and language diversity in urban areas : acquisition, identities, space, education
Multiliterate Ireland : literary manifestations of a multilingual history
Development and Documentation of Packing Instructions
Africa : challenges of multilingualism = Afrika : herausforderungen der mehrsprachigkeit = Les défis du plurilinguisme en afrique
Abstract.
The usage-based study of language learning and multilingualism
Multilingualism and assessment : achieving transparency, assuring quality, sustaining diversity : proceedings of the ALTE Berlin Conference, May 2005.
Traduction et contact multilingue = Translation and multilingual contact
Cognitive individual differences in second language processing and acquisition
Guidelines for multilingual thesauri
SWETRA - a multilanguage translation system for special purposes : documentation and progress report
Translation studies in Africa
Literacy in school and society : multidisciplinary perspectives
The sociolinguistics of borderlands : two nations, one community
Love and parenthood in an intercultural family
Researching multilingualism : critical and ethnographic perspectives
"Because you're worth it" : multilingualism in Finnish television advertising
Papers from the Sixth Nordic Conference on Bilingualism
Negotiating and contesting identities in linguistic landscapes
Summary in English and French.
Key data on teaching languages at school in Europe : 2008 edition
What is a context? : linguistic approaches and challenges
WebALT 2006 Proceedings : first WebALT conference and exhibition : January 5-6, 2006 Technical University of Eindhoven, Netherlands
Second language teaching in multilingual classes : basic principles for primary schools
"What is the color of English?" : representation of English in the language portraits of Sámi children
The Routledge handbook of multilingualism
Changing patterns of multilingualism : from quadrilingual to multilingual Switzerland
Language assessment for multilingualism : proceedings of the ALTE Paris Conference, April 2014
Multilingual language use and metapragmatic reflexivity in Finnish internet football forums : a study in the sociolinguistics of globalization
This volume offers comprehensive 'state-of-the-art' overviews of educational policies concerning the teaching of English in a large number of Asian countries. Each contribution is written by a leading expert and gives a clear assessment of current policies and future trends. Starting with a description of the English education policies in the respective countries, the contributors then delve into the 'nuts and bolts' of the English education policies and how they play out in practice in the education system, in schools, in the curriculum, and in teaching. Topics covered include the balance between the acquisition of English and the national language, political, cultural, economic and technical factors that strengthen or weaken the learning of English.
The study of families and educators who successfully sustain children's linguistic resources is a novelty in current educational research, where focus has largely been on the development of students' English language skills. In this book, Alison L. Bailey and Anna V. Osipova provide a systematic examination of the beliefs and practices of parents and educators who share the common goal of improving educational and social outcomes for multilingual children. Giving voice to parents and educators, they explore the strategies being devised to foster multilingualism and support its development both at home and in the classroom. This book presents new research findings and combines these with compelling firsthand accounts of the successes and concerns of both families and educators, making its content pertinent to a wide audience of researchers and a range of higher education courses.
Signs in the brain: Hearing signers’ cross-linguistic semantic integration strategies
Bilingualism and multilingualism. Vol. 1, Linguistic and Developmental Perspectives
Multilingualism an language ideologies in the Rumanian Banat
Schwerpunkt : Status und Funktion der Sprachen in den Institutionen der Europäischen Gemeinschaft = Focus : status and function of the languages in the political bodies of the European Community = Thème principal : statut et fonction des langues dans les organes de la Communauté Européenne
This volume explores the impact of multilingualism on learning, teaching and assessment, viewed from the perspective of policies, procedures and challenges. Language Assessment for Multilingualism brings together a selection of edited papers based on presentations given at the Fifth International Conference of the Association of Language Testers in Europe (ALTE) held in Paris, France, in April 2014. The selected papers focus on the conference's core themes: the effect of multilingualism on international mobility; how multilingualism can address the challenge of increasing linguistic diversity; the impact of intercultural communication on linguistic competence; and how to ensure fairness and quality in language assessment.
Young urban Swedish : variation and change in multilingual settings
CLIL across educational levels : experiences from primary, secondary and tertiary contexts
Automated translation software and multilingual workbench
Dissecting multilingual Beijing : the space and scale of vernacular globalization
Language and the law : international outlooks
Advancing quantitative methods in second language research
Multilingualism in the Soviet Union : Aspects of language policy and its implementation
Fluent forever : how to learn any language fast and never forget it
Annual review of applied linguistics. Vol. 17(1997), Multilingualism
By the co-author of Language Online, this book builds on the earlier work while focusing on multilingualism in the digital world. Drawing on a range of digital media – from email to chatrooms and social media such as Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube – Lee demonstrates how online multilingualism is closely linked to people's offline literacy practices and identities, and examines the ways in which people draw on multilingual resources in their internet participation. Bringing together central concepts in sociolinguistics and internet linguistics, the eight chapters cover key issues such as: language choice, code-switching, identities, language ideologies, minority languages, online translation. Examples in the book are drawn from both all the major languages and many lesser-written ones such as Chinese dialects, Egyptian Arabic, Irish, and Welsh. A chapter on methodology provides practical information for students and researchers interested in researching online multilingualism from a mixed methods and practice-based approach.
The role of languages at Finnish universities
Rethinking heritage language education
Aspects of multilingualism in European border regions : insights and views from Alsace, Eastern Macedonia and Thrace, the Lublin Voivodeship and South Tyrol
Verkehrssprachen in Europa - ausser English = Lingua francas in Europe - exept English = Langues véhiculaires en Europe - sans l'anglais
Multilingualism and Education in Africa: The State of the State of the Art is an up-to-date exploration and wide-ranging review of the symbiotic relationship between multilingualism and education in Africa. The African continent is rich in languages. Most of her inhabitants are multilingual and many of the nations have embraced multilingual education. This book examines multilingualism in education from three broad perspectives: Multilingualism and language in education policy in Africa; Multilingualism as an educational resource in Africa; and Attitudes and challenges of multilingualism and education in Africa. The book's nineteen chapters discuss these three perspectives from East, West, Central and South Africa. All the contributors are leading authorities in multilingualism and education. The chapters combine a wide range of viewpoints based on theoretical, empirical and personal experiences. The reader is left with a deeper understanding of the unique features of multilingualism and education in Africa that have seldom been addressed by those who experience them first-hand. The book demonstrates successful practices in multilingualism and education; showing how African nations have determined what works for them without ignoring challenges such as policies on paper, attitudes towards African languages and limited resources. The benefits of multilingual education override the challenges. The book's extensive coverage makes it an important resource for scholars and policy makers in the field of multilingualism and education. Overall, this book represents an important contribution to an important subject in education globally. The editors have provided an introductory overview to the book and commentaries on the three sections.
Discussions on some educational issues. 3
Emotion in multilingual interaction
Deaf world : a historical reader and primary sourcebook
Developing a conceptual framework : the case of MAGICC
Writing in multilingual classrooms
Researching Multilingualism expertly engages with a new sociolinguistics of multilingualism, taking account of this new communicative order and the particular cultural and social conditions of our times. Seventeen chapters are divided into four sections covering: researching discourses, policies and practices; contemporary mobilities; Researching multilingual communication on-line; Multilingualism in research practice.
Displacement, language maintenance and identity : Sudanese refugees in Australia
Constraints in discourse 3 : representing and inferring discourse structure
Multilingualism in the British Isles. 2, Africa, the Middle East and Asia
Linguistic Diversity as a Problem and a Resource   Multilingualism in European and Finnish Policy Documents
"The best of both worlds" : bilingual family life according to Finnish and English-speaking parents in Finland and the United Kingdom
Africa is one of the hotspots of linguistic diversity, and most African languages are spoken by multilingual communities. The persistence of multilingualism and the linguistic creativity are striking, especially against the backdrop of "language death" and expanding monolingualism elsewhere in the world. This volume deals with multilingualism as a cultural technique, register variation and the multiplicity of language ideologies, and the dynamics of linguistic change in Africa's minority languages. It argues that that in terms of multilingualism and language survival, Africa can serve as a positive model.
Corporate language policy : papers presented at the 15th annual conference of the International Association for Language and Business, Nottingham 1989
Case Wärtsilä : flerspråkighet i arbetssituationer = monikielisyys työtilanteissa = multilingualism in work situations
Bilingualism and multilingualism. Vol. 3, Sociolinguistic and Interactional Perspectives
The handbook of bilingualism and multilingualism
Language, Culture, and Teaching : critical perspectives
On the Development of Plural Morpheme and  Copula in English and Persian
Learning through a foreign language : models, methods and outcomes
Speaking & listening in multilingual classrooms
Code-mixing and code choice : a Hong Kong case study
Handbook of research on cross-cultural approaches to language and literacy development
Luxembourg and Lëtzebuergesch : language and communication at the crossroads of Europe
Engaging superdiversity : recombining spaces, times and language practices
Multilingualism in educational settings
Do they have different L1s? Bilinguals' and monolinguals'  grammaticality judgements
Reading in multilingual classrooms
Language contacts at the crossroads of disciplines
Interpretation methods of multilingual EU law - an evaluation of multilingualism theories with regard to the case law of the European Court of Justice and member states of the 1995 accession
Who needs languages? : micro and macro perspectives into language education policies : International Conference & 28th Summer School of Applied Language Studies, June 7-10, 2010, University of Jyväskylä, Finland
New theoretical perspectives in multilingualism research
Promoting plurilingualism : majority language in multilingual settings
Minority languages and cultural diversity in Europe : Gaelic and Sorbian perspectives
Children's multilingual development and education : fostering linguistic resources in home and school contexts
Multilingualism in Spain : sociolinguistic and psycholinguistic aspects of linguistic minority groups
The other languages : a guide to multilingual classrooms
Southern Gaul and the Mediterranean : multilingualism and multiple identities in the Iron Age and Roman periods
Conflict and compromise in multilingual societies. Vol. 2, Belgium
The Handbook of Bilingual and Multilingual Education presents the first comprehensive international reference work of the latest policies, practices, and theories related to the dynamic interdisciplinary field of bilingual and multilingual education. Represents the first comprehensive reference work that covers bilingual, multilingual, and multicultural educational policies and practices around the world Features contributions from 78 established and emerging international scholars Offers extensive coverage in sixteen chapters of language and education issues in specific and diverse regional/geographic contexts, including South Africa, Mexico, Latvia, Cambodia, Japan, and Texas Covers pedagogical issues such as language assessment as well as offering evolving perspectives on the needs of specific learner populations, such as ELLs, learners with language impairments, and bilingual education outside of the classroom.
Making multicultural education work
Home lingual environment effect on development : of child's language in multilingual daycare
Multilingualism and education in Africa : the state of the state of the art
Teaching the mother tongue in a multilingual Europe
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
"This book is based on the belief that the research object of studies on multilingualism needs a new interpretation and clearer definition. It is argued that the definition of language, particularly important in discussions on multilingualism, is sometimes ambiguous and downright confusing. A clarification of the term seems to be of critical importance for the further development of research in this field, and it is the aim of this book to make a contribution in this respect."--Publisher's website.
The DIESeLL disseminator : English, Français, Deutsch
Germanic heritage languages in North America : acquisition, attrition and change
African literacies : ideologies, scripts, education
The multilingual turn in languages education : opportunities and challenges
Kielenoppija tänään = Language learners of today
Standard languages and multilingualism in European history
Making of multilingual law : the effects of the ordinary legislative procedure on the linguistic uniformity and reliability of EU law
Bilingual Europe presents to the reader a Europe that for a long time was 'multilingual': besides the vernacular languages Latin played an important role. Even 'nationalistic' treatises could be written in Latin. Until deep into the 18th century scientific works were written in it. It is still an official language of the Roman Catholic Church. But why did authors choose for Latin or for their native tongue. In the case of bilingual authors, what made them choose either language, and what implications did that have? What interactions existed between the two? Contributors include Jan Bloemendal, Wiep van Bunge, H. Floris Cohen, Arjan C. van Dixhoorn, Guillaume van Gemert, Joep T. Leerssen, Ingrid Rowland, Arie Schippers, Eva Del Soldato, Demmy Verbeke, Fran©ʹoise Waquet, and Ari H. Wesseling.
ELF is Everywhere - Research Perspectives on English as a Lingua Franca
Bilingualism in the bicentennial and beyond
From trilinguals to bilinguals? : a study of the social and linguistic consequences of language shift on a group of urban Luo children in Kenya
Comprising state-of-the-art research, this substantially expanded and revised Handbook discusses the latest global and interdisciplinary issues across bilingualism and multilingualism. Includes the addition of ten new authors to the contributor team, and coverage of seven new topics ranging from global media to heritage language learning Provides extensively revised coverage of bilingual and multilingual communities, polyglot aphasia, creolization, indigenization, linguistic ecology and endangered languages, multilingualism, and forensic linguistics Brings together a global team of internationally-renowned researchers from different disciplines Covers a wide variety of topics, ranging from neuro- and psycho-linguistic research to studies of media and psychological counseling Assesses the latest issues in worldwide linguistics, including the phenomena and the conceptualization of 'hyperglobalization', and emphasizes geographical centers of global conflict and commerce.
Multilingualism in the British Isles. 1, The older mother tongues and Europe
Negotiating identities : education for empowerment in a diverse society
Translanguaging in higher education : beyond monolingual ideologies
Creating experiential learning opportunities for language learners : acting locally while thinking globally
Contextual Aspects of Early Trilingualism
With rapid technological and cultural advancements, the 21st century has witnessed the wide scale development of transnationalist economies, which has led to the concurrent evolution of language and literacy studies, expanding cross-cultural approaches to literacy and communication. Current language education applies new technologies and multiple modes of text to a diverse range of cultural contexts, enhancing the classroom experience for multi-lingual learners. The Handbook of Research on Cross-Cultural Approaches to Language and Literacy Development provides an authoritative exploration of cross-cultural approaches to language learning through extensive research that illuminates the theoretical frameworks behind multicultural pedagogy and its myriad applications for a globalized society. With its comprehensive coverage of transnational case studies, trends in literacy teaching, and emerging instructive technologies, this handbook is an essential reference source for K-20 educators, administrators in school districts, English as a Second Language (ESL) teachers, and researchers in the field of Second Language Acquisition (SLA). This diverse publication features comprehensive and accessible articles on the latest instructional pedagogies and strategies, current empirical research on cross-cultural language development, and the unique challenges faced by teachers, researchers, and policymakers who promote cross-cultural perspectives.
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Helsinki as a multilingual city
Educational strategies in multilingual contexts
Teachers' views on multilingualism : how does the presence of multiple languages in primary school English classrooms appear and to what effect? : "Mä olen suomenkielinen ... olen kaikki kieleni ihan opetellut."
What is sociolinguistics?
Three is a crowd? : acquiring Portuguese in a trilingual environment
Place names on national topographic maps in multilingual Finland
Bilingualism and multilingualism. Vol. 4, Applied Perspectives
Language variation and change
This volume offers a cross-disciplinary insight into language contact research, bringing together fresh empirical and theoretical studies from various fields concerning different dimensions of language contact and variation, second language acquisition and translation. In the present-day world of globalization, population mobility and information technology, the themes of multilingualism and contact-induced language change are as topical as ever, and research on language contacts and cross-linguistic influence has expanded rapidly during the last few decades. Along with the increasing specialization of related disciplines, their research perspectives, methods and terminology have become dispersed, although language contact phenomena themselves can rarely be confined within the scope of a single discipline. This collection of articles creates dialogue between researchers from different scientific backgrounds, thus viewing language contact phenomena from a broader perspective. When language contact is re-defined to include the mental or cognitive level of contact between different languages and varieties in the minds of language learners or translators, salient links are created between the different disciplines dealing with this subject matter.
Africa is often depicted as the continent with the lowest literacy rates in the world. Moving beyond this essentialising representation, this volume explores African literacies within their complex and diverse multilingual and multiscriptal histories and contexts of use. The chapters examine contexts from the Maghreb to Mozambique and from Senegambia to the Horn of Africa and critically analyse multiple literacy genres and practices - from ancient manuscripts to instant messaging - in relation to questions of language-in-education and policy, livelihoods, Islamic scholarship, colonialism, translocal migration, and writing systems. As a whole, the book serves as an advanced introduction to language and society in Africa seen through the lens of literacy, and marks a unique contribution to scholarship in literacy studies offering a convenient collection of perspectives on and from Africa.
Multilingualism and Sign Languages : From the Great Plains to Australia
I for one welcome our plurilingual overlords : a critical discourse analysis of the values and ideologies connected with plurilingualism in the policy document From linguistic diversity to plurilingual education : guide for the development of language educacation policies in Europe
Building bridges: multilingual resources for children
Kisangani Swahili : choices and variation in a multilingual urban space
Bilingualism and multilingualism. Vol. 2, Psycholinguistic and Neurolinguistic Perspectives
Not English only : redefining "American" in American studies
The handbook of bilingual and multilingual education
Language development and cultural identity evolution of children from multilingual famielies in Taiwan
Sociocultural linguistics has long conceived of languages as well-bounded, separate codes. But the increasing diversity of languages encountered by most people in their daily lives challenges this conception. Globalization has accelerated population flows, so that cities are now sites of encounter for groups that are highly diverse in terms of origins, cultural practices, and languages. New media technologies invent communicative genres, foster hybrid semiotic practices, and spread diversity as they intensify contact and exchange between peoples who often are spatially removed and culturally different from each other. Diversity--even super-diversity--is now the norm. In response, recent scholarship complicates traditional associations between languages and social identities, emphasizing the connectedness of communicative events and practices at different scales and the embedding of languages within new physical landscapes and mediated practices. This volume takes stock of the increasing diversity of linguistic phenomena and faces the theoretical-methodological challenges that accounting for such phenomena poses to sociocultural linguistics.
What language do I dream in? : a memoir
"The interactions of the Celtic-speaking communities of Southern Gaul with the Mediterranean world have intrigued commentators since antiquity. This book combines sociolinguistics and archaeology to bring to life the multilingualism and multiple identities of the region from the foundation of the Greek colony of Massalia in 600 BC to the final phases of Roman Imperial power. It builds on the interest generated by the application of modern bilingualism theory to ancient evidence by modelling language contact and community dynamics and adopting an innovative interdisciplinary approach. This produces insights into the entanglements and evolving configurations of a dynamic zone of cultural contact. Key foci of contact-induced change are exposed and new interpretations of cultural phenomena highlight complex origins and influences from the entire Mediterranean koine. Southern Gaul reveals itself to be fertile ground for considering the major themes of multilingualism, ethnolinguistic vitality, multiple identities, colonialism and Mediterraneanization"--
Multilingualism : a bridge to mutual understanding
"Tottakai mää tiiän mikä se on englanniks ku se on melkeen sama ruotsiks!" : bilingual and multilingual children learning English : children's views
Research on preparing inservice teachers to work effectively with emergent bilinguals
"It's normal, it's us, it's life!" : patterns of code switching and language choice in a bilingual family
Language and superdiversity
Little Leon signing and speaking
Multilingual education : between language learning and translanguaging
A sociolinguistic investigation of multilingualism in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland
The processing of compound words in cross-language information retrieval from Finnish to English
Les états multilingues : problèmes et solutions = Multilingual political systems : problems and solutions
Multilingualism, discourse, and ethnography
Some aspects of the multilingualism of Estonian Jews
"Language for Specific Purposes provides a concise history of the roots of LSP, and an analysis of the current trends in globalization, technology and applied linguistics that directly affect the learning, teaching and researching of LSP. The book provides insights into language course planning, design and implementation, assessment and evaluation, as well as issues in pedagogy, classroom management and professional development of particular interest to LSP practitioners. Another important focus of the book is research: the nature of research in LSP, typical research methods in the field, and ideas for researchable projects. Numerous case studies and lists of useful resources for further study and research make this book a rich resource, not only for graduate students planning to teach LSP, but also for professionals looking to update or extend their knowledge of the field"--
Transfer effects in multilingual language development
The economics of the multilingual workplace
Spaces of Polyphony
The Wikipedia revolution : how a bunch of nobodies created the world's greatest encyclopedia
Struggle for diversity of languages in a harmonising European context - new tasks for teacher education
Language as barrier and bridge
Language management in contact situations : perspectives from three continents
A dictionary of Cameroon English usage
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
Diversity and super-diversity : sociocultural linguistic perspectives
Sociolinguistics : a guide to language problems in India
Mathematics education and language diversity : the 21st ICMI study
The language of mathematics : telling mathematical tales
Multilingualism at work : from policies to practices in public, medical and business settings
Thoughts from a divided nation: some English Canadian views on the question of bilingualism in Canada and its effect on identity formation
Multilingualism in specialist communication = Mehrsprachigkeit in der Fachkommunikation = Multilingualisme dans la communication spécialisée : the 10th European LSP Symposium, Vienna, 29 Aug. - 1 Sept., 1995, University of Vienna : proceedings
Linguistic diversity in Europe : current trends and discourses
Usage-based linguistics, which is currently very popular, bases its understanding of language on two key points: Languages are cognitive-social constructs (i.e., learned vs genetically endowed), and, in order for communication and meaning to happen, speakers must find a way to meet/understand each other, overcoming various differences (lexicon, social, register, etc.) to arrive there. In this book, high-level contributors combine research from various usage-based perspectives to explore these questions: How do proficient speakers accomplish 'mental contact' or communication through the available semiotic linguistic resources they share with other members of their discourse community? How do young children learn to accomplish this? And how do speakers of multiple languages learn to accomplish this across languages?
A one-dimensional diversity : European integration and the challenge of language policy
Language and translation in postcolonial literatures : multilingual contexts, translational texts
Language acquisition and use in multilingual contexts : theory and practice
Sociolinguistics : critical concepts in linguistics. Vol. 4, The sociolinguistics of multilingualism
Linguistic landscapes, multilingualism and social change
Creating conditions for meaningful language learning in the context of english language immersion
The representation of multilingualism in the speeches of the European Commissioner for Multilingualism Leonard Orban from 2007 to 2010
A concept of international English and related issues : from "real English" to "realistic English"?
Digital Texts for Learning Finnish: Shared Resources and Emerging Practices
Between 1990 and 2010, the English language learner (ELL) population in U.S. schools grew by 80 percent. While the highest concentration of English language learners, now more commonly referred to as emergent bilinguals (EBLs) remains in the traditional immigrant destination states of California, Texas, New York, Florida, Illinois, and New Jersey, in all 50 states there are growing numbers of emergent bilinguals. Interest in these learners has encouraged research and publications, but most of this research has centered on the students themselves and the politics surrounding their education. Publications featuring the research of teacher educators preparing teachers to work with EBLs in schools are much needed. Teacher educators must know how to help inservice teachers provide effective instruction to the increasing number of linguistically diverse students in the schools.
Codeswitching
Comparable corpora in cross-language information retrieval
Changing multilingual situation in Narva : transition to teaching in Estonian
Fictionalising translation and multilingualism
Multilingualism in the nordic and baltic area as a strength for language technology
