http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6721 loanwords
loanwords
A dictionary of the Low-Dutch element in the English vocabulary
Hungarian loanwords in the Slovak language. 1, (A-K)
This book takes a close look at the ways that five sign languages borrow elements from the surrounding, dominant spoken language community where each is situated. It offers careful analyses of semantic, morphosyntactic and phonological adaption of forms taken from a source language (in this case a spoken language) to a recipient signed language. The contributions in this volume also examine the social attitudes and cultural values that play a role in this linguistic process. Since the cultural identity of Deaf communities is manifested most strongly in their sign languages, this topic is of interest for cultural and linguistic reasons. Linguists interested in phonolgy, morphology, word formation, bilingualism, and linguistic anthropology will find this an interesting set of cases of language contact. Interpreters and sign language techers will also find a wealth of interesting facts about the sign languages of these diverse Deaf communities.
A lexicographic study of Spanish loan words in English in 1150-1850
Historical linguistics : an introduction
Foreign vocabulary in sign languages : a cross-linguistic investigation of word formation
Gairaigo jiten = Dictionary of loan-words
Foreign words in Walt Whitman's complete poetry
Instant loans, easy conditions : the productivity of bilingual borrowing
Slovar' anglicizmov = The dictionary of anglicism
The role of anglicisms in the jargon of McDonald's
A dictionary of anglicisms in Swedish
Latvian and Finnic linguistic convergences
Latin in English : notes on medieval loanwords
The Sino-alphabet : the assimilation of Roman letters into the Chinese writing system
Phonological argumentation : essays on evidence and motivation
What borrowing buys us : a study of mandarin chinese loanword phonology = Chinese leenwoordfonologie : een studie
Western loan-words in Japanese
Changes in the Russian terminology of economic law since perestroika
French loans in American fashion magazines
Smuutisti - a case study on English loanwords used in the City magazine
Voices of Queensland : words from the sunshine state
Italian loanwords in English = Italialaiset lainasanat englannin kielessä
Scandinavian loanwords in Scots : a study of Linmill stories by Robert McLellan
Functions of English lexical loans in Finland-Swedish newspapers
Eureka ! : a dictionary of Latin and Greek elements in English words
Wanderwörter, areality and borders - the word for 'bread' in selected areas of Eurasia
Observations of Old Norse influence on Scots on the basis of Robert McLellan's Linmill stories
Codeswitching in the Greek-Cypriot community in London
Morphological, semantic and functional aspects of English lexical borrowings in Norwegian
A history of foreign words in english
Words of Oriental origin in Swahili
Semantics and syntax : Indian loan words in English: (a linguistic, cultural, literary & historical study)
Hebrew loan words in British English
Chartspeak : English elements in Finnish music chart texts
Tai linguistics in honor of Fang-kuei Li
Italian loanwords in modern English
"This volume presents a series of original papers focusing on phonological argumentation, set within the framework of Optimality Theory. It contains two major sections: chapters about the evidence for and methodology used in discovering the bases of phonological theory, i.e., how constraints are formed and what sort of evidence is relevant in positing them; and case studies that focus on particular theoretical issues within Optimality Theory, usually through selected phenomena in one or more languages, arguing in favor of or against specific formal analyses." -- Publisher's description.
A dictionary of foreign words and phrases in current English
English loanwords in Polish and German after 1945 : orthography and morphology
Dictionary of Jewish usage : a guide to the use of Jewish terms
Scandinavian loan-words in Middle English. Part 1
The Russian loanwords in literary Estonian
Words of Chinese, Japanese, and Korean origin in the Romance languages
Anglicisms in the library
Studies of Turkic loan words in Russian
Variations in the assimilation of Arabic and English loans into the Swahili of Mombasa, Kenya
Borrowing and everyday use of Italian words in present-day British English
Loan words and their effect on the classification of Swahili nominals : a morphological treatment
English and the principles of total availability in Japan : English loanwords in the blogs of japanese young adults
The lexical effects of Anglo-Scandinavian linguistic contact on Old English
Finnish summary.
Uralic languages in European and Siberian linguistic context
Vowel epenthesis in loanword adaption
The borrowing of Scandinavian same into English
Stability and divergence in language contact : factors and mechanisms
Finglish of the Internet era : English influence on Finnish Internet terminology
A first ethnolinguistic comparison of Arabic loanwords common to Hausa and Swahili
Secondary Formations from Greek Loanwords in Syriac
Oriental influences in Swahili : a study in language and culture contacts
No abstract
Cross-language analysis and second language acquisition. Vol. 2
The book of human emotions : an encyclopedia of feeling from anger to wanderlust
The role of anglicisms in Finnish television advertising
Loan characters in pre-Han texts
Burma : literature, historiography, scholarship, language, life, and Buddhism
Measuring attitudes in translation : a study of Nokia business reports
On foreign words and phrases in current British English
Variation analysis and diachronic studies of lexical borrowing
a Million words and counting : how global english is rewriting the world
A descriptive study on "current foreign" words introduced into English from Italian since the sixteenth up to the nineteenth century with a special reference to the semantic description of the words
Sino-Tibetan *kolo "wheel"
From madness to merriment : abstract noun suffixes in Early Moder English
A dictionary of loanwords usage : Katakana-English = Nichijoo gairaigo yoohoo jiten
Studies in early Middle English loanwords : Norse and French influences : lectio praecursoria
The Persian contributions to the English language : an historical dictionary
Did Lönnrot know hedgehogs? : the use of Finnish siili in the 19th century
Cross-language analysis and second language acquisition. Vol. 1
Indo-European vocabulary in Old Chinese : a new thesis on the emergence of Chinese language and civilization in the late neolithic age
Adaptation of loanwords of the suffix type *-eTA in Finnish and Saami
Anglicisms in names of business enterprises in Finland
Lexical loans from Spanish into the Romanian language spoken within the Romanian communities in Spain
Iranica in the Achaemenid period (ca. 550-330 B.C.) : lexicon of old Iranian proper names and loanwords, attested in non-Iranian texts
A semantic study of Yiddish-origin lexemes in English
Loanwords in Silozi, Cinyanja and Citonga : a presentation
Portuguese vocables in Asiatic languages
Anglicisms, neologisms and dynamic French
Heavy rules, nu-metal sucks: a study of recent English loanwords in the Finnish youth magazines Mix and Suosikki
Perso-Arabic loanwords in Hindustani. Pt. 1, Dictionary
Borrowed phraselogy : (17th-21th century)
Early Germanic languages in contact
Twentieth century Spanish loanwords and their use in English
Tibeto-Mongolica : the Tibetan loanwords of Monguor and the development of the archaic Tibetan dialects
Browser, business and enhanced experience : studying English loanwords in Italian
Obsolete Scandanavian loanwords in English
The influence of register on the use of French loanwords in modern-day English language texts : a study of Jeremy Clarkson's columns for The Sun and The Sunday Times
This book collects and discusses the Old Iranian divine names, personal names, geographical names (toponyms, hydronyms and oronyms) and loanwords, which are attested in texts written in Aramaic, Babylonian, Egyptian, Elamite, Lycian, Lydian and Phrygian. The texts, both royal inscriptions and documentary texts, are discovered in the entire territory of the Achaemenid Empire (from Egypt to Bactria), which controlled the Ancient Near East from ca. 550 to 331 B.C. The Iranica discussed in this book are divided into four categories: (1) directly transmitted Iranica, (2) semi-directly transmitted Iranica, (3) foreign Iranica and (4) indirectly transmitted Iranica (the so-called "Altiranische Nebenüberlieferung"). All expressions, which do not belong to one of these categories, are brought together in a section called "Incerta". The etymology and linguistic setting of each Iranian expression is studied and a list of occurrences is added to this analysis.
Perso-Arabic loanwords in Hindustani. Part 2, Dictionary
Perché business is business : a study on anglicisms in Milano Finanza
The Oxford dictionary of foreign words and phrases
Spanish influence on American English
Sociocultural perspectives on language change in diaspora : Soviet immigrants in the United States
West Old Turkic - Turkic Loanwords in Hungarian
Finnish summary: Anglismit McDonald'sin ammattislangissa.
Contemporary Korean linguistics: international perspectives
This book takes a close look at the ways that five sign languages borrow elements from the surrounding, dominant spoken language community where each is situated. It offers careful analyses of semantic, morphosyntactic, and phonological adaption of forms taken from a source language (in this case a spoken language) to a recipient signed language. In addition, the contributions contained in the volume examine the social attitudes and cultural values that play a role in this linguistic process. Since the cultural identity of Deaf communities is manifested most strongly in their sign languages, this topic is of interest for cultural and linguistic reasons. Linguists interested in phonology, morphology, word formation, bilingualism, and linguistic anthropology will find this an interesting set of cases of language contact. Interpreters and sign language teachers will also find a wealth of interesting facts about the sign languages of these diverse Deaf communities.
Mie sanoin että 'good for her' : code-switching in the speech of five Finnish women living in Britain
Ginger : a loan-word study
Taathira za kiarabu katika kiswahili pamoja na kamusi thulathiya (kiswahili-kiarabu-kiingereza) = Al-ta't̲irāt al-'arabīya fī al-luġat al-sawāhilīya ma' mu'ǧam t̲ulāt̲ī (sawāhilī-'arabī-inǧilīzī) = The influence of Arabic language on Kiswahili with a trilingual dictionary (Swahili-Arabic-English)
Codeswitching in business documents : Finnish working instructions and minutes of meetings at Wärtsilä's experimental power plant
Loan-words in Tibetan
Turco-Bulgarica : articles in English and French concerning Turkish influence on Bulgarian
Code-mixing and borrowing : a study of the use of English by Finnish adolescents when speaking Finnish
Hungarian loanwords in the Slovak language. 2, (L-R)
Loanwords in a usage-based model
Loanwords in the world's languages : a comparative handbook
The Portuguese in the east : a cultural history of a maritime trading empire
How different can a sign language be from a spoken language? How well does a sign language fit current definitions of language? How much does American sign language structure follow directly from its organization wholly within the gestural-visual channel? The book describes the physical formation of ASL signs, their relation to the human capacity to process gesture production and reception, and their development within the complex social world of deaf people.
Recent Finnish loanwords in Jukkasjärvi Lappish
Studies in the Etruscan loanwords in Latin
The Rhine Franconian element in Old French
Obama for president : osservazioni sugli anglicismi non adattati in articoli giornalistici relativi alle elezioni presidenziali del 2008
English loan-words in Swahili : a contrastive study
Tibeto-Mongolica : the Tibetan loanwords of Mongour and the development of the archaic Tibetan dialects
Akkadian loanwords in Biblical Hebrew
Anglo-Saxon England experienced a process of multicultural assimilation similar to that of contemporary England. At the end of the ninth century Old Norse speakers from present-day Denmark, Norway and Sweden started to settle down in the so-called 'Danelaw' amongst the Anglo-Saxon inhabitants, and brought with them cultural traditions and linguistic elements that are still a very significant part of our lives and our speech in the twenty-first century. This book analyses the first Norse terms to be recorded in English. After revising the list of terms recorded in Old English texts which can be considered to be Norse-derived, the author explores their dialectal and chronological distribution, as well as the semantic and stylistic relationship which the Norse-derived terms established with their native equivalents (when they existed). This approach helps to clarify questions such as: Why were the terms borrowed?
The old Babylonian loan contract : its history and geography
Lexical borrowing in American sign language
Loan compounds in Bulgarian reflecting the Turkish indefinite izafet-construction
No speak English, you speak Italian?! Grazie! : A study on the presence and knowledge of English in Italy
Scandinavian influence on the Vocabulary of the Peterborough Chronicle (1070-1154)
Finnish loanwords in Jukkasjärvi Lappish classified according to their meaning
Heritage of the Tamils : language and grammar
Intralingual internationalism : English in Japan and "English made in Japan"
Gwynne's Latin : the ultimate introduction to Latin including the Latin in everyday English : for its own sake, to improve your English and to make you better at everything else
Collins complete writing guide
The joys of Yinglish
Studies on the accentuation of polysyllabic Latin, Greek, and Romance loan-words in English with special reference to those ending in -able, -ate, -ator, -ible, -ic, -ical, and -ize
Government and codeswitching : explaining American Finnish
English in Finnish sports language : a study of direct, translation and construction loans in three papers
An essay on substrate studies and the origin of Saami
Loanwords in Baraza : a study of lexical origins in a Swahili-language newspaper
This landmark publication in comparative linguistics is the first comprehensive work to address the general issue of what kinds of words tend to be borrowed from other languages. The authors have assembled a unique database of over 70,000 words from 40 languages from around the world, 18,000 of which are loanwords. This database allows the authors to make empirically founded generalizations about general tendencies of word exchange among languages.
English lexical and semantic loans in informal spoken Polish
Russian borrowings in English : a dictionary and corpus study
May we borrow your language? : how English has stolen, purloined, snaffled, pilfered, appropriated and looted words from all four corners of the world
Iranian loanwords in Syriac
A study of anglicisms in Anna and SinäMinä
French loans in British and American religious texts
Stratigraphy of Indo-European Loanwords in Saami
Loan phonology
Early Middle English loanwords : a study of language contact and lexical borrowing
