http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6728 stupidity
stupidity
Starting with the controversial hypothesis that not only human intelligence but also its antithesis 'intellectual disability' are nothing more than historical contingencies, this title traces the interplay between human types and the characteristics attributed to them.
The queer art of failure
The Queer Art of Failure is about finding alternatives - to conventional understandings of success in a heteronormative, capitalist society; to academic disciplines that confirm what is already known according to approved methods of knowing; and to cultural criticism that claims to break new ground but cleaves to conventional archives. Judith Halberstam proposes "low theory" as a mode of thinking and writing that operates at many different levels at once. Low theory is derived from eccentric archives. It runs the risk of not being taken seriously. It entails a willingness to fail and to lose one's way, to pursue difficult questions about complicity, and to find counterintuitive forms of resistance. Tacking back and forth between high theory and low theory, high culture and low culture, Halberstam looks for the unexpected and subversive in popular culture, avant-garde performance, and queer art. She pays particular attention to animated children's films, revealing narratives filled with unexpected encounters between the childish, the transformative, and the queer. Failure sometimes offers more creative, cooperative, and surprising ways of being in the world, even as it forces us to face the dark side of life, love, and libido.
Don't wipe your bum with a hedgehog
The Darwin awards. 2
Jokes and their relation to society
A history of intelligence and "intellectual disability" : the shaping of psychology in early modern Europe
The stupidity paradox : the power and pitfalls of functional stupidity at work
Silly sons and dozy daughters
The three sillies
The Darwin awards : next evolution : chlorinating the gene pool
The natural science of stupidity
Idiot America : how stupidity became a virtue in the land of the free
The age of American unreason
Stupidity
The hundred-year-old man who climbed out of the window and disappeared
