http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6732 research personnel
research personnel
Edited by Veronica Stolte-Heiskanen, Professor of Sociology, University of Tampere, Finland Although attitudes towards women pursuing scientific careers have changed, gender equity in science is far from having been achieved. This volume offers a survey of the situation of women in science in twelve European countries, with special emphasis on the obstacles and opportunities of access to positions of responsibility.
Internships of highly skilled medical professionals and ways of their professional development between Russia and Finland
Developing a model of employee's performance management process for Tallinn hotel businesses
Moving on in your career : a guide for academic researchers and postgraduates
Subject terms by author: psychiatric nursing, videotaped recordings, participant observation, data collection method, health service research
Valuation of intangible assets in different financial environments
Employment service companies ability to meet customer expectations
The impact of technological and nontechnological innovations on firm growth
Employee motivation from the Finnish hotel management perspective : a case study
Applied psychology in personnel management
Knowing and living in academic research : convergences and heterogeneity in research cultures in the European context
The homeland directive
Managing scientists : leadership strategies in scientific research
Creative knowledge environments : the influences on creativity in research and innovation
Successful research careers
Competences in entrepreneurship nursing
Assessing Intranet Services : A Usability analysis of employee portal in HAMK Valkeakoski
The traditional labour force is nowadays being partly replaced by a part-time work force. This means different kinds of employment contracts. The contract agreed between employer and employee may therefore not necessarily be a permanent one, in which an employee enjoys a regular monthly salary, paid seasonal vacations and pension. And whereas a lack of these common benefits may be shared among non-standard employment contracts, studies have shown this to be the reason why employers use temporary workforce.  The interest towards this research came from studying the statistical data and figures. The amount of temporary employees increased by 30 000 from 2001 to 2004. In the fall of 2006 some studies revealed that the public sector, at communal level, in Finland is also using temporary work force to a great extent. Some municipalities are almost entirely using temporary work force. In some communities it was as high as 94% of the work force that did not have permanent employment contracts.   The objective of the research was to find out how part-time employees perceive motivation factors, which are important to employees with permanent contracts. Also the voluntariness to work part-time was taken into a consideration in the report. A qualitative analysis was used in order to ascertain the results. The data was obtained by semi-structured interviews and then analysed with interpretational analysis. Writing the thesis started in May 2004 and it was finished in October 2006.   The results describe the part-time employees' perceptions towards the motivation factors as well as the matter of voluntariness and its importance. It became obvious that working part-time voluntarily and involuntarily should be considered as two diverse issues since the perception towards work varies depending on this matter.  Economical rewards as a motivation factor are important but according to the results job security is the most important factor.
Integrity in scientific research : creating an environment that promotes responsible conduct
Expatriation and Cross Cultural Training
Executive summary.
Motivation and the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland
Research methods in human resources management
Research in personnel and human resources management
Health care and nursing practice is under constant evolution and changes need to be made to respond to this. The health care system in Finland as well as the citizens using it are changing. The government is already forced to buy more and more services from the private sector. This is due to the competitiveness that the continuous labour shortage has presented and due to the demands that the private sector and its usage have brought to the industry. Both the shortage and buying services are about to increase due to aging of the post Second World War generation and the evergrowing average age. Therefore the career opportunities are going to grow for nurse entrepreneurs and a definite need for them will be presented in the future. This is why it is important to initiate change not only in the healthcare system, but also in the educational system, bringing forth a new perspective on the future trend of nursing. An upcoming future trend will also be connecting the hospitality industry to nursing.  The aim of this research is to identify the most important competences in entrepreneurship nursing. Furthermore the study intends to determine what competences nurses value as important in order to act as entrepreneurs. Therefore the following research problem has been set: what are the competences nursing professionals believe to be most important to be nurse entrepreneurs? The objectives of this study are to produce knowledge for the healthcare industry on nurse entrepreneurship and the competences necessary to succeed in this field. For this purpose, a framework was designed on the basis of the literature review and was tested within the empirical part of this research.   This research was conducted quantitatively through the means of questionnaires. The questionnaire was designed based on the information received from the literature. A sample group of 30 Finnish active nurse entrepreneurs was selected for the survey. The data received from the respondents was analysed with the statistical programme SPSS. The analysis was conducted in three stages, in order to present the background of the respondents, to assess the perceived importance of the competences and to test the set hypotheses in this research.    Even though the original framework introduced in the literature review did not turn out to be accurate, the hypotheses however were found valid, except for one. Overall, the research was successful proving that the competences chosen and listed in the study were all seen as appropriate and important in becoming a nurse entrepreneur. All of the competences were seen to be important although the order of them changed during the study. The aim of the research was to provide knowledge to the health care industry on what is important in becoming a nurse entrepreneur in order to identify the factors and use the knowledge to support future nurse entrepreneurship, which as was stated in the introduction is a growing trend. A training programme for nurse entrepreneurship would according to the study be both necessary and successful should one be designed.
Appreciative inquiry as an instrument for the human resource management
Perspectives on scholarly misconduct in the sciences
Handbook of research on comparative human resource management
The future of foodservice management - strategies for success : meeting the challenge of the 1980s and beyond
Human resource consulting market in Moscow : case: Talentor Group
Human resources policies and journalist recruitment at Capital Women newspaper in Vietnam
OPTIMIZATION OF HR TRAINING PROGRAM :  Case Company: Haier Group
The purpose of this thesis was to find out if Hotel Managers in Finland take into consideration employee motivation, and if so, how do they motivate their employees and finally, how do they measure employee motivation.  The literature review deals with what motivates people and how to motivate them. Theoretically, motivation was approached from two perspectives. Firstly motivation was approached from the content theory perspective, which stresses that the importance of motivation is what motivates people. Secondly, process theories were reviewed; which goal is to find out how to motivate people.   This study is methodologically a qualitative case study. Open questions and interviews were used as research methods because since motivation is something difficult to measure the author thought that by interviewing those managers, the responses would be more accurate. Data was collected from to two General Managers and one Hotel Manager from Finland in February 2005. Results were analysed with the case analysis method and cross-analysis method.  On the basis of the results, it seems that the importance that managers give to employee motivation varies from one manager to another. The three managers consider very relevant the topic researched, but from the analysis of the results, it seems they put more effort in how to motivate their staff than to discover what motivates employees. All the managers measure their employee motivation through surveys and they do not believe money to be a motivator.  Also in this research it is visible that each manager performs different strategies in relation with motivation, some of them focus more in applying content theories and others believe more in applying the content theories. But all the interviewed managers do something to have motivated employees.
Forest Research Institute in Finland 1918-1948
Academia to biotechnology : career changes at any stage
A study of factors affecting personnel turnover and employee wellbeing : case: Airfix Aviation
Controlling medical professionals : the comparative politics of health governance
Strategic human resource management
Ethical principles in the conduct of research with human participants
Women in academia : report of the working group appointed by the Academy of Finland
Contemporary themes in strategic people management : a case-based approach
Organizational behavior : a management challenge
On being a scientist : a guide to responsible conduct in research
Towards research-orientation in professional practice 2012 : a guide to thesis work at Diaconia University of Applied Sciences
Women in industrial research : a wake up call for European industry : a report to the European Commission from the High Level Expert Group on Women in Industrial Research for strategic analysis of specific science and technology policy issues (STRATA)
Handbook of research in international human resource management
Human resource management at work : people management and development
Evaluation of re-branding training in Hilton Helsinki
A study of the research and development benefits to society resulting from an international research centre CERN
Assistentiksi valikoituminen = Assistentrekryteringen = Assistant teacher recruitment in higher education
Coaching for performance : growing people, performance and purpose
Intercultural competence development of Finnish higher education personnel : case: Lahti UAS
The social politics of research collaboration
Human resource research methods
Caribbean tourism : people, service and hospitality
Organizational behavior and management
Human resource management for agricultural research : review of an experience
Recherches universitaires sur l'intégration européenne = University research on European integration. No 15, 1992
Human resource strategies
Notwithstanding the fact that seasonality has always been salient to the hospitality industry, and an issue that presents human resources challenges to managers, it has resulted in the increased use of temporary labour and outsourcing, which is evident in Finland today, in the rise in the number of agencies renting this just-in-time catering and restaurant workforce. This use, increases organizational flexibility, buffers the salient hourly, daily and monthly seasonality of the industry but more importantly introduces cost cutting measures. The fact remains however, that temporary workers are regarded as dispensable resources, for whom there may be little or no concern. Further, neither local nor international research has specifically represented the temps in this sector and their attitudes to work.  The concern of this study therefore is the job satisfaction of temporary workers in hospitality. It investigates the unique issues involved, and sets out to gain an understanding of how those issues contribute to the job satisfaction of temporary workers.  Because this study argued against the generic approach to researching job satisfaction, a unique framework was developed, which comprised of characteristics isolated from three sources, two separate studies carried out in hospitality and temporary work, and the job characteristics model. This was in order to facilitate an integration of the domains of the study and the issues represented.   The characteristics were used as open-ended questions in a focus group interview manned by a sample of 6 workers employed in the field.  Their feelings about how the issues identified contributed to their job satisfaction, constituted the raw data used in the study.  The data collected was then displayed in a matrix format for analysis where each participant represented a single unit of analysis or separate case.  A cross-case analysis of the data exposed two levels of conclusions. This analysis, added to the general consensus of the group, showed an association of the characteristics to job satisfaction, however, more importantly it showed support for Quarstein's situational occurrences theory. Further analysis exposed metathemes, which were considered of overall importance to the issue of job satisfaction. One such metathemes and the most significant finding was the emergence of the issue of supervisors and co-workers as central to the issue of the job satisfaction of the participants.   The Implications of these main issues for hospitality and human resources practitioners are grounded in the need for fresh approaches to flexibilization and in an understanding and restating of the importance of the temp in hospitality as a front-line customer service provider and valued worker. Attention to the issues identified should foster the development of organizational, departmental and political policy to the cause of the temporary worker.
The importance given to the topic of Motivation has increased rapidly over the past centuries. The topic has been researched by an amount of researchers and has over time been adopted as an integral part of management procedures.   The main aims of this research are to find out what motivation means for the restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland. The author aims at finding out what motivates the restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland, and if the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland is motivated at all. Furthermore the findings are compared to existing theory to see if similarities or differences to these can be found.  For the gathering of information for this research a questionnaire was designed. The questionnaires were distributed to approximately 40 restaurant companies in Finnish Lapland during the spring 2002. All restaurant employees were included in the study. Furthermore, the author was working in Lapland during the spring 2002, and thereby was able to collect further information by observation.  The research showed that restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland in first place are motivated by a good work atmosphere. As an opposite, a bad work atmosphere is the most de-motivating factor for the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland. Furthermore, most of the employees feel that their supervisors motivate them. Main ways how managers motivate their employees are by communicating, encouraging and supporting them. Still, only less than one third of the employees included in the research plans to keep working in the restaurant industry for the rest of their life.
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Employee research : how to increase employee involvement through consultation
Personal and organizational transformations : the true challenge of continual quality improvement
Human resources policies and journalist recruitment at Capital Women in Vietnam
The structuring of work in organizations
Domestic R&D employment effects of offshoring R&D tasks : some empirical evidence from Finland
A Study of personnel records and manpower planning for H.C.I.T.B. : report on the finding of a survey of firms in the hotel and catering industry
How do part-time employees perceive permanent employees most important motivation factors
FELASA recommendations for the education and training of persons carrying out animal experiments (Catergory B) : report of the Federation of European Laboratory Animal Science Associations Working Group on Education of Persons Carrying out Animal Experiments (Category B) accepted by the FELASA Board of Management
This book is a comprehensive guide to design and conduct the research in management-related field, such as marketing management and human resources management. It provides an overview of the real research conducted by authors throughout their careers and explains the important and growing research design used in management research-mixed method research design. Video tutorials are also included for complete qualitative data collection and data analysis. These videos are included to help readers understand the research and apply the techniques using the recommended software programs. Mixed Method Research Design: An Application in Consumer-Brand Relationships (CBR) begins with an introduction, providing background on the study including related literature in the areas of consumer-brand relationships, which helps the book to show how research questions and research objectives can be developed for the mixed method study. This is followed by a detailed explanation of the methodology, which establishes the ground rule for the study. Finally it takes look at the analysis and results of mixed method research study. Additionally the book examines the procedures of mixing of qualitative and quantitative paradigms in research both in terms of hypothesis development and testing. It helps readers understand how to design their research studies using mixed method design. It also demonstrates managerial implications, to help understand how mixed research design could be used to show contribution to the theory and practice.
Mixed method research design : an application in consumer-brand relationships (CBR)
How to motivate foreign employees in the German company X
THE IMPACT OF MULTICULTURAL EMPLOYEES ON DECISION-MAKING IN MULTINATIONAL COMPANIES
Performance management : multidisciplinary perspectives
Research methods for human resource management
Library management : a case study approach
Integrating online survey into ERP system : case: FeedbackDialog Oy
Explaining the performance of human resource management
Personnel training and development as a tool for organizational efficiency
The quest for well-being in growth industries : contexts, research design and methodological development
Videotaped recording as a Method of Participant Observation in Psychiatric Nursing
Recruiting and training new personnel : case company Bank X
Medical ethics
Practical problems in organizations : cases in leadership, organizational behavior, and human resources
Remarkable customer service : Case studies and discussions to increase your customers' delight
Science or society? : the politics of the work of scientists
Business case studies : for advanced level
An analysis on the potential for a harmonized cross-border human resource policy / case Parent company A, Subsidiary B
Research methods in human resource management
New challenges for European human resource management
Adaptation and Management of Asian Employees in the Finnish Working Environment : Case-company ABB Oy
Creating an employee satisfaction survey process : case : Cargotec
Contingent worker job satisfaction in hospitality : the case of agency workers in Finnish catering and restaurants
A complexity perspective on researching organizations : taking experience seriously
Challenges brought into the HR cycle by the aging workforce
June 11th year 2002, Hilton International bought the Scandic chain. As a result of the acquisition, re-branding of several Scandic hotels was to take place. In Finland this process started with Strand InterContinental in late autumn 2002. As an important part of the re-branding process, re-branding training for the employees was organised. Aims of the training included providing the basic knowledge of the Hilton brand and standards of operation, motivating the personnel, and eliminating the insecurities common for an acquisition. The rationale of the research was to determine whether the re-branding training was successful. In order to determine the success of the programme, an evaluation of the training was made. The research concentrates on finding out what aspects hotels need to take into account when planning and organizing re-branding training. Through a case study, the thesis will introduce an evaluation process essential for a successful training. The research is based on Kirkpatrick's (1998) four-level model for training evaluation. Through evaluation of the programme, specific topics, such as efficiency of the training methods, level of learning and usefulness of the learned issues are researched. The objective is to find ways to improve and develop the programme, as new trainings will be held in other hotels using the same format.
Proceedings of the SACCAR/ISNAR regional workshop on human resource management in national agricultural research systems, Harare, Zimbabwe, 2-6 May 1989
Measuring employee service orientation in restaurant setting
Managing staff development
Job and work analysis : methods, research, and applications for human resource management
The studied topic was recommended to the author by the management team of a small Finnish restaurant chain, which looked for new ways to enhance service quality in today's increasingly competitive restaurant business.  The aim of the study was to examine the service orientation of the contact staff (waiters and bartenders, in contact with the customers) of a specific restaurant located in Helsinki, Finland. The focus was on identifying the different variables affecting employee service orientation. These variables were then used to measure how well the contact staff managed their duties and interacted with the customer in different kinds of circumstance, primarily aims at finding the ideal working conditions in which the contact staff will be most service oriented and able to deliver good service. Questionnaire survey methodology was used to collect data from 18 out of 25 possible employees working as contact employees in the restaurant. Respondents provided self-assessed attribute information relating to external and internal factors affecting employee service orientation.  Results suggests that the majority of the restaurant contact employees were service orientated, positively encouraged by the restaurant management's support, as well they were able to provide good service during busy periods, and had such personality traits that suggest that they were service orientation minded employees. However, closer analysis also showed significant negative ratings on employees' recognition and rewards ratings, which indicate need for improvement.
HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT IN TRANSITIONAL ECONOMY IN VIETNAM
