http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6735 fantasy films
fantasy films
I see fire : from the Hobbit : the desolation of Smaug ; easy piano edition
Black knight
Pirates of the Caribbean : kuolleen miehen kirstu
The essential film companion for Newt Scamander! Relive the magic of Newt's world with this hardback guidebook featuring your favourite scenes and quotes from Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Harry Potter places. Book Five, Scotland :Hogwarts' home
Beetlejuice : 20th anniversary edition
Harry Potter : the creature vault
Smaug : unleashing the dragon
Hobbit : the battle of the five armies : chronicles : art & design
The amazing Spider-man : behind the scenes & beyond the web
Reference guide to fantastic films : science fiction, fantasy & horror. Vol. 1, A-F
Fantastic beasts and where to find them : magical movie handbook
Empires of the imagination : a critical survey of fantasy cinema from Georges Méliès to The lord of the rings
Pirates of the Caribbean : vierailla vesillä
Black out
Fantastic beasts and where to find them : Newt Scamander : cinematic guide
The ultimate encyclopedia of fantasy
Seventh son
Fear, cultural anxiety, and transformation : horror, science fiction, and fantasy films remade
Night watch - yövahti
The hobbit : an unexpected journey : official movie guide
Mortal kombat conquest. Dark shadow
The Hobbit : the desolation of Smaug : visual companion
Technoscience in contemporary film : beyond science fiction
The lord of the rings : The fellowship of the ring : beyond the movie
Night watch : Yövahti
The hobbit : an unexpected journey : the movie storybook
Cinema and landscape : film, nation and cultural geography
Reference guide to fantastic films : science fiction, fantasy & horror. Vol. 2, G-O
The Odyssey
Thor : the dark world
ScifiNow : Vantaa
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
Framing monsters : fantasy film and social alienation
"In spite or rather because of their depiction of other worlds allegedly disconnected from our own, these texts are able to actualize political attitudes. Instead of categorizing fantasy either as conservative or progressive, the essays suggest that its generic peculiarity allows the emergence of productive forms of oscillation between these extremes"--
Harry Potter : the creature vault : the creatures and plants of the Harry Potter films
Näkymätön rakkaus - Ghost = Ghost : 2-disc special edition
The lord of the rings : The return of the king : visual companion
The Lord of the rings : the art of the two towers
Harry Potter poster book : Hogwarts through the years
Harry Potter : page to screen : the complete filmmaking journey
Dragonlance
The World Hobbit Project in Finland : Audience responses and transmedial user practices
Harry Potter : film wizardry : from the creative team behind the celebrated movie series
Dragons : Defenders of Berk. Part 1
Taru sormusten herrasta : limited edition. Kuninkaan paluu
The Mortal Instruments : city of bones : shadowhunter's guide
The hobbit : an unexpected journey : visual companion
The alchemy of mirrormask
Prinssi Kaspian : 2-disc collector's edition
The twilight saga : the complete film archive : memories, mementos and other treasures from the creative team behind the beloved motion pictures
The hobbit : an unexpected journey : the world of hobbits
Batman - lepakkomies : holy special edition!
The essential Tolkien trivia and quiz book : a Middle-Earth miscellany
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
Harry Potter : cinematic guide
Knits for nerds : 30 projects: science fiction, comic books, fantasy
The music of fantasy cinema
Twilight and history
The art of Pirates of the Caribbean
Writing the fantasy film : heroes and journeys in alternate realities
The art of Miyazaki's Spirited away
The dark knight rises
Hermione Granger : cinematic guide
Harry Potter film wizardry : from the creative team behind the celebrated movie series
The Lord of the rings : the art of the fellowship of the ring
The imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus : original motion picture soundtrack
Films of science fiction and fantasy
Dragonheart 3 : The sorcerer's curse
The hobbit : the battle of the five armies : official movie guide
Twilight - Epäilys
Seikkailujen laiva : Voyage of the Unicorn
Politics in fantasy media : essays on ideology and gender in fiction, film, television and games
Family man - perhe on paras
Narnia. 3 : The Chronicles of Narnia. Hopeinen tuoli
3-minute J.R.R. Tolkien : an unauthorised biography of the world's most revered fantasy writer
Imaginarium of doctor Parnassus
Prinssi Kaspian : The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian
The hobbit : the desolation of Smaug : official movie guide
Reference guide to fantastic films : science fiction, fantasy & horror. Vol. 3, P-Z
There and back again : an actor's tale : a behind-the-scenes look at The Lord of the Rings
The Swan Princess : Christmas
Genre screenwriting : how to write popular screenplays that sell
The world of The Dark Chrystal
Fantastic beasts and where to find them : the original screenplay
