http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6734 beetles
beetles
Catalog of the Staphylinidae (Insecta: Coleoptera) : 1758 to the end of the second millenium. 7, Bibliography and index
Non-equilibrium population dynamics and the genetic structure of natural populations of the Mycophagous beetle Phalacrus substriatus
Catalog of the Staphylinidae (Insecta: Coleoptera) : 1758 to the end of the second millenium. 1, Introduction, history, biographical sketches, and Omaliine group
Enumeratio Coleopterorum Fennoskandiae, Daniae et Baltiae
The Carabidae (Coleoptera) of Fennoscandia and Denmark : part 1
Slime-mold beetles of the genus Agathidium Panzer in North and Central America. Part 1-2, Coleoptera:Leiodidae
Trapping beetles in boreal coniferous forest - how many species do we miss?
Brentidae of the world (Coleoptera, Curculionoidea)
Carabid beetles in their environments : a study on habitat selection by adaptations in physiology and behaviour
Monographs on Coleoptera
General distribution of the flea beetles in the palaearctic subregion (Coleoptera, Chrysomelidae: Alticinae) = Razširjenost bolhačev palearktične podregije (Coleoptera, Chrysomelidae: Alticinae)
Catalogue of Ceutorhynchinae of the world with a key to genera (Insecta: Coleoptera: Curculionidae)
Herbivory on willows : abiotic constraints and trophic interactions
The tribe Eupariini of the New World (Coleopter : Scarabaeidae: Aphodiinae) : iconography II
An ecological and zoogeographical analysis of the Estonian fauna of Carabidae (Coleoptera)
Biology and phylogeny of the Cassidinae Gyllenhal sensu lato (tortoise and leaf-mining beetles) (Coleoptera, Chrysomelidae)
Fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Scolytidae : coleoptera (bark- and ambrosia-beetles). Vol. 1
Carabid beetles and landscape structure - variations at different levels of spatial scale
Spatial ecology of dung beetles
Insects of Iran : the list of Coleoptera in the insect collection of Plant Pests & Diseases Research Institute. 24, Curculionoidea: Fam. 162, 166-171 : Anthribidae, Attelabidae, Brentidae, Apionidae, Curculionidae, Scolytidae, Platypodidae
A revision of the Nearctic Eucnemidae
A catalog of the Coleoptera of America north of Mexico : family: Pselaphidae
Catalog of the Staphylinidae (Insecta: Coleoptera) : 1758 to the end of the second millenium. 4, Staphylinine group (part 1) : Euaesthetinae, Leptotyphlinae, Megalopsidiinae, Oxyporinae, Pseudopsinae, Solieriinae, Steninae
Animal cytogenetics. Vol. 3, Insecta 5 : Coleoptera
Proceedings on taxonomy and faunistics of beetles (Coleoptera), dedicated to the 100th birthday of the Latvian entomologist Mihails Stiprais (1905-1990)
Weevil diversity and seasonality in tropical Panama as deduced from light-trap catches (Coleoptera: Curculionoidea)
Bugs & minibeasts
The pheromone systems of the spruce bark beetles, Ips duplicatus and I. typographus : biosynthesis and regulation
Catalog of the Staphylinidae (Insecta: Coleoptera) : 1758 to the end of the second millenium. 3, Oxyteline group
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 1, Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Arachnida and Coleoptera
Restoration of the naturalness of boreal forests
Distribution, abundance and species richness of butterflies and myrmecophilous beetles
Review of the genus Uvarus Guignot in Africa (Coleoptera, Dytiscidae)
Longhorn beetles (Coleoptera, Cerambycidae) of Fennoscandia and Denmark
Impacts of climate change on range expansion by the mountain pine beetle
Tiger beetles: the evolution, ecology, and diversity of the cicindelids
Brief Report : a new replacement name in Curculionidae (Coleoptera)
VII Symposium of Baltic Coleopterologists, Hyytiälä Forest Research Station, Finland 3rd-6th September 2008 : programme & abstracts
Book of abstracts
Cochineal red : the art history of a colour
Coleoptera : Lagriidae, Alleculidae, Tetratomidae, Melandryidae, Salpingidae, Pythidae, Mycteridae, Oedemeridae, Mordellidae, Scraptiidae, Pyrochroidae, Rhipiphoridae, Anthicidae, Aderidae and Meloidae : by F. D. Buck
Phylogeny and generic classification of the subfamily Lycoperdininae with a re-analysis of the family Endomychidae (Coleoptera: Cucujoidea)
How to know the beetles
Jeweled bugs and butterflies
Systematic revision of the family Scirtidae of Japan, with phylogeny, morphology and bionomics (Insecta: Coleoptera, Scirtoidea)
A revision of the genus Elmas Blackwelder, 1952 (Coleoptera:Staphylinidae:Staphylininae:Xanthopygina) : with a preliminary reconstructed phylogeny of the species
Cryptophagus Herbst, 1792, Dorcatoma Herbst, 1792, Rhizophagus Herbst, 1793 and Colon Herbst, 1797 (Insecta: Coleoptera): proposed conservation as the correct spellings, and proposed conservation of Lyctus bipustulatus Fabricius, 1792 as the type species of Rhizophagus : case 2783.
Beetle larvae of the world : descriptions, illustrations, identifications and information retrieval for families and sub-families
Catalogue of Palaearctic Coleoptera. Vol. 8, Curculionoidea II
Dung beetle ecology
Evaluation of a separative rearing method of the mealworm beetle for protein production
A contribution to the taxonomy of aquatic and humicolous beetles of the family Hydraenidae in southern Africa
The importance of novel ecosystems for biodiversity : a study of ground beetles (Carabidae) on afforested fields
Water beetles of China. Vol. 3
Saproxylic beetles : their role and diversity in European woodland and tree habitats : proceedings of the 5th Symposium and Workshop on the Conservation of Saproxylic Beetles
The biology of the Coleoptera
Clambus nigrellus Reitter (Coleoptera: Clambidae), an overlooked beetle species in Finland
Neural interfaces to the odour world of scarab beetles
Ecological studies on dung-beetles (Col. Scarabaeidae)
The hydrophiloid beetles : phylogeny, classification and a revision of the genera (Coleoptera, Hydrophiloidea)
Explore the deadly world of bugs, snakes, spiders, crocodiles and hundreds of other amazing reptiles and insects : the dramatic lives and conflicts of the world's strangest creatures shown in 1500 amazing close-up photographs
An annotated taxonomic catalogue of the Hoplandriini of the world (Insecta: Coleoptera: Staphylinidae: Aleocharinae)
Catalog of the Staphylinidae (Insecta: Coleoptera) : 1758 to the end of the second millenium. 6, Staphylinine group (part 3) : Staphylininae: Staphylinini (Quediina, Staphylinina, Tanygnathinina, Xanthopygina), Xantholinini
Changes and additions to Enumeratio renovata Coleopterorum Fennoscandiae, Daniae et Baltiae
Ground beetle (Coleoptera, Carabidae) diversity in Finnish arable land
Coleoptera : Hydradephaga
Renaming weevils (Coleoptera: Curculionoidea)
Beetle is shy
Review of Rhyncogonus of the Hawaiian Islands (Coleoptera: Curculionidae)
"Researchers in the field of ecological genomics aim to determine how a genome or a population of genomes interacts with its environment across ecological and evolutionary timescales. Ecological genomics is trans-disciplinary by nature. Ecologists have turned to genomics to be able to elucidate the mechanistic bases of the biodiversity their research tries to understand. Genomicists have turned to ecology in order to better explain the functional cellular and molecular variation they observed in their model organisms. We provide an advanced-level book that covers this recent research and proposes future development for this field. A synthesis of the field of ecological genomics emerges from this volume. Ecological Genomics covers a wide array of organisms (microbes, plants and animals) in order to be able to identify central concepts that motivate and derive from recent investigations in different branches of the tree of life. Ecological Genomics covers 3 fields of research that have most benefited from the recent technological and conceptual developments in the field of ecological genomics: the study of life-history evolution and its impact of genome architectures; the study of the genomic bases of phenotypic plasticity and the study of the genomic bases of adaptation and speciation." -- (Back Cover)
A key to the families of British beetles
The Cerambycidae of North America. Part 7, no. 2, Taxonomy and classification of the subfamily Lamiinae, tribes Acanthocinini through Hemilophini
Beetles and bugs : a touch-and-feel adventure
A presentation of close-up studio photographs of one of the most varied and beautiful species on the planet: the beetle. The range of shapes and colours featured should be a source of inspiration to professional designers and a visual wonder to the general reader. As the introduction explains, beetles were deified in Ancient Egypt, used for necklaces and brooches by the Amazonian Indians of Peru, and worn live, tethered to gold chains, by fashionable ladies in Victorian times. The photographs here provide evidence of why beetles have been such a valuable commodity to various cultures.
The other insect societies
Kovakuoriaisten maakuntaluettelo 2015 = Provincial list of Finnish coleoptera 2015
Estonian Additions to Silfverberg's „Enumeratio renovata Coleopterorum Fennoscandiae, Daniae et Baltiae“ Coleoptera Catalog
New species of the genera Lispinus and Neolosus (Staphylinidae: Osoriinae) from the Neotropics
The Cerambycidae of North America. Pt. 8, Bibliography, index and host plant index
The beetles of the Galâapagos Islands, Ecuador : evolution, ecology, and diversity (Insecta: Coleoptera)
Community impacts of an exotic carabid: Pterostichus melanarius in western Canadian forests
Beetle (Coleoptera) species new for Estonia found in Saaremaa island 2.
Insects of Iran : the list of Coleoptera in the insect collection of Plant Pests & Diseases Research Institute. 24, Coleoptera: Cucujoidea: Fam. (120): Coccinellidae
Coleoptera : Pselaphidae
A systematic revision of the genus Eucyrtus and its complex (Coleoptera, Tenebrionidae)
Green-tree retention and controlled burning in restoration and conservation of beetle diversity in boreal forests
Ecological genomics : ecology and the evolution of genes and genomes
The morphology of the hind wing articulation and wing base of the Scarabaeoidea (Coleoptera) with some phylogenetic implications
The Carabidae (Coleoptera) of Fennoskandia and Denmark : part 2
Distribution of forest dwelling carabids (Coleoptera): spatial scale and the concept of communities
Taxonomic revision of the Oriental species of Gabrius Stephens (Coleoptera: Staphylinidae)
Chromosomal polymorphisms and speciation in the chrysomelid Galerucella nymphaeae complex
The hand of nature : butterflies, beetles and dragonflies
Coleoptera, beetles
A catalog of the Coleoptera of America north of Mexico : family: Nemonychidae
Beetle fauna of field layer in hay meadows in Finland
Taxonomy and evolution of species of the genus Euchroa Brullé (subgenus Dyschromus Chaudoir) of Central Mexico and the island of Hispaniola (Coleoptera: Carabidae: Pterostichini: Euchroina)
A catalog of the Coleoptera of America north of Mexico : family: Ithyceridae
Revision of the group Prosmidiites (Coleoptera, Crysomelidae, Galerucinae)
Mad about minibeasts!
Systematics of Coleoptera : papers celebrating the retirement of Ivan Löbl
The natural classification of the families of Coleoptera
New Neotropical species of the genus Holotrochus (Coleoptera: Staphylinidae: Osoriinae)
A catalog of the Coleoptera of America north of Mexico : family: Curculionidae, subfamily: Erirhininae
Additions and corrections to Enumeratio coleopterorum Fennoscandiae, Daniae et Baltiae
Beetle diversity in timberline forests: a comparison between old-growth and regeneration areas in Finnish Lapland
The scarabaeoid beetles of San Diego County, California. Part 1, Introduction and diagnosis of families Glaresidae, Trogidae, Pleocomidae, Geotrupidae, Ochodaeidae, Hybosoridae, and Glaphyridae
Bionomics and field behavior of crucifer-feeding flea beetle adults (Coleoptera: Chrysomelidae)
Generic review of the Bidessini (Coleoptera, Dytiscidae)
Utility of DNA barcodes in identification and delimitation of beetle species, with insights into COI protein structure across the animal kingdom
Living jewels 2 : the magical design of beetles
White grubs and their allies : a study of North American Scarabaeoid larvae
Taxonomy, ecology and distribution of Curculionoidea (Coleoptera: Polyphaga) : proceedings of a symposium (28 August, 1996, Florence, Italy), XX International Congress of Entomology
Boreal carabid-beetle (Coleoptera, Carabidae) assemblages in thinned uneven-aged and clear-cut spruce stands
Baltic journal of coleopterology
Classification, natural history, and evolution of the genus Aphelocerus Kirsch (Coleoptera: Cleridae: Clerinae)
Adults and larvae of hide, larder and carpet beetles and their relatives (Coleoptera: Dermestidae) and of derodontid beetles (Coleoptera: Derodontidae)
Cladistic study, taxonomic restructuring, and revision of the myrmecophilous tribe Leptanillophilini with comments on its evolution and host relationships (Coleoptera: Staphylinidae; Hymenoptera: Formicidae)
A catalog of the Coleoptera of America north of Mexico : family: Curculionidae; subfamilies: Acicnemidinae, Cossoninae, Rhytirrhininae, Molytinae, Petalochilinae, Trypetidinae, Dryophthorinae, Tachygoninae, Thecesterninae
Coleoptera, beetles. Vol. 3, Morphology and systematics (Phytophaga)
Model of the rate of succession of epigeic carabid beetles (Coleoptera: Carabidae) on degraded areas
Records of Coleoptera collected by window traps in the Koitajoki area, Finland in 1993.
Influence of temperature upon the development and voltinism of Ips typographus L. (Coleoptera Scolytidae)
Three beetle (Coleoptera) species new for Estonia found in Saarenmaa Island
Insects
Forest health and protection
Handbuch der Zoologie: eine Naturgeschichte der Stämme des Tierreiches = Handbook of Zoology: a natural history of the phyla of the animal kingdom. 4, Anthropoda: Insecta, Teilband 38: Coleoptera, Beetles, vol. 1: Morphology and systematics (Archostemata, Adephaga, Myxophaga, Polyphaga partim)
Check-list of Chrysolomidae of south east Asia, south of Thailand and west of Irian-Jaya of Indonesia, VIII. Hispinae
The woodworm problem
Results of the zoological missions to Australia of the Regional Museum of Natural Sciences of Turin, Italy. 2
Beetles of the world : a key and information system for families and subfamilies
Logging and boreal ground-beetle assemblages on two continents: implications for conservation
Coleoptera from Southeast Asia. 8
Phylogeny and classification of the staphyliniform beetle families (Coleoptera)
Larvae of insects : an introduction to Nearctic species. Part 2, Coleoptera, Diptera, Neuroptera, Siphonaptera, Mecoptera, Trichoptera
A key to the larvae, pupae and adults of the British species of Elminthidae
Beaded bugs
Advances in coleopterology
The role of ground beetles (Coleoptera: Carabidae) in monitoring programmes in Australia
A coleopterist's handbook
Ischnodes sibiricus Tsherepanov, 1966 (Coleoptera, Elateridae) found in Russian Karelia
Evolutionary trends in "staphyliniform" beetles (Coleoptera). Michael Hansen
Ground beetles (Carabidae) of Greece
Catalog of the Staphylinidae (Insecta: Coleoptera) : 1758 to the end of the second millenium. 2, Tachyporine group
Revision of the genus Phalops Erichson, 1848 (Coleoptera: Scarabaeidae: Onthophagini)
A revision of the Gymnusini and Deinopsini of the world : Coleoptera: Staphylinidae, Aleocharinae
Beetles and bugs
A taxonomic study on the genus Lycocerus (Coleoptera, Cantharidae) from Japan, with zoogeographical considerations
Emulation of natural disturbances and the maintenance of biodiversity in managed boreal forests : the effects of prescribed fire and retention forestry on insect assemblages
Fauna of India and adjacent countries : Coleoptera, curculionidae, subfamily eremninae, tribe cyphicerini
The fauna of India : Coleoptera, family gyrinidae and family haliplidae
The taxonomy and phylogenetics of the Coenosus group of Hister Linnaeus (Coleoptera: Histeridae)
Living jewels : the natural design of beetles
Catalog of the Staphylinidae (Insecta: Coleoptera) : 1758 to the end of the second millenium. 5, Staphylinine group (part 2) : Staphylininae: Diochini, Maorothiini, Othiini, Platyprosopini, Staphylinini (Amblyopinina, Anisolinina, Hyptiomina, Philonthina)
Timber : the EC Woodcare Project: studies of the behaviour, interrelationships and management of deathwatch beetles in historic buildings
Short-term effects of forest restoration on beetle diversity
A field guide to the tiger beetles of the United States and Canada : identification, natural history, and distribution of the Cicindelidae
The invertebrate fauna of the Kilpisjärvi area, Finnish Lapland: list of Coleoptera species
Sampling carabid assemblages with pitfall traps: the madness and the method
Contributions to systematics and biology of beetles : papers celebrating the 80th birthday of Igor Konstantinovich Lopatin
The beetles of the Pacific Northwest. Part 2, Staphyliniformia
