http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6747 incarnation
incarnation
Lux mundi : a series of studies in the religion of the incarnation
The riddle of Christian mystical experience : the role of the humanity of Jesus
Divinity and humanity : the incarnation reconsidered
God incarnate : explorations in Christology
The wicked + the divine. 1
Speech and theology : language and the logic of Incarnation
Symbolic structures : the role of composition in signaling meaning in Italian medieval art
Christology and science
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 6, The scapegoat
The new golden bough : a new abridgment of the classic work
The metaphor of God incarnate
Anthropology and theology
Beyond cheap grace : a call to radical discipleship, incarnation, and justice
Rebirth and personal identity : a philosophical study on Indian themes
Image and incarnation : the early modern doctrine of the pictorial image
"Godhead here in hiding" : incarnation and the history of human suffering
Christology : a biblical, historical, and systematic study of Jesus
The Incarnation : an interdisciplinary symposium on the Incarnation of the Son of God
The word of life
Renewal theology. [1], God, the world & redemption
The lion people : intercosmic messages from the future : incorporating the Paschat papers
Christology from within : spirituality and the Incarnation in Hans Urs von Balthasar
Jesus Christ : Savior & Lord
Q and the history of Early Christianity : studies on Q
Poetics of the Incarnation : Middle English writing and the leap of love
Christ and culture
The wicked + the divine. Vol. 2, Fandemonium
Theology and philosophy in the twelfth century : a study of Gilbert Porreta's thinking and the theological expositions of the doctrine of the Incarnation during the period 1130-1180
The Christian faith : an introduction to Christian doctrine
Christmas
Infinity dwindled to infancy : a Catholic and evangelical Christology
This book raises in a new way a formerly central but recently neglected question in systematic theology: what is the divine motive for the incarnation? Throughout Christian history theologians have agreed that God's decision to become incarnate in the person of Jesus Christ was made necessary by humanity's fall from grace. If Adam and Eve had not sinned, the incarnation would not have happened. This position is known as "infralapsarian." In the 19th and 20th centuries, however, some major theological figures championed a "supralapsarian" Christology, arguing that God had always intended the incarnation, independent of "the Fall." Edwin van Driel offers the first scholarly monograph to map and analyze the full range of supralapsarian arguments. He gives a thick description of each argument and its theological consequences, and evaluates the theological gains and losses inherent in each approach. Van Driel shows that each of the three ways in which God is thought to relate to all that is not God DL in creation, in redemption, and in eschatological consummation DL can serve as the basis for a supralapsarian argument. He illustrates this thesis with detailed case studies of the Christologies of Schleiermacher, Dorner, and Barth. He concludes that the most fruitful supralapsarian strategy is rooted in the notion of eschatological consummation, taking interpersonal interaction with God to be the goal of the incarnation. He goes on to develop his own argument along these lines, concluding in an eschatological vision in which God is visually, audibly, and tangibly present in the midst of God's people.
The body in St. Maximus the Confessor : holy flesh, wholly deified
The God of nature : incarnation and contemporary science
Christology in the making : a New Testament inquiry into the origins of the doctrine of the incarnation
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 1, The magic art and the evolution of kings
Geochemical trends and provenance in the Tanqua submarine fan.coplex southwestern Karoo Basin, South Africa
Studying the historical Jesus ; guide to sources and methods
Exploring kenotic Christology : the self-emptying of God
Incarnation and physics : natural science in the theology of Thomas F. Torrance
Christian philosophical theology
Transformation through compassionate mission : David J. Bosch's theology of contextualization
The suffering of the impassible God : the dialectics of patristic thought
Paradox in Christian theology : an analysis of its presence, character, and epistemic status
The resurrection of God incarnate
A time of exile : a novel of the Westlands
Crucified and resurrected : restructuring the grammar of Christology
Karma and reincarnation : the key to spiritual evolution and enlightment
Incarnation anyway : arguments for supralapsarian Christology
The word became flesh : a contemporary incarnational christology
Who did Jesus think he was?
Incarnation and physics : Thomas F. Torrence's christological bridge between theology and the natural sciences
The Johannine exegesis of God : an exploration into the Johannine understanding of God
Incarnation : the person and life of Christ
True man or true God? : christological conceptions in early Christianity
Kṛṣṇa and Christ : body-divine relation in the thought of Śaṅkara, Rāmānuja, and classical Christian orthodoxy
Image, word, and God in the early Christian centuries
The metaphysics of the incarnation : Thomas Aquinas to Duns Scotus
The wicked + the divine. Vol. 3, Commercial suicide
The wicked + the divine. Book one
Christianity proclaims Christ and the incarnate word of God; the Bible is described as the Word of God in both Jewish and Christian tradition. Are these usages merely homonymous, or would the ancients have recognized a more intimate relation between the word incarnate and the word proclaimed? This book investigates the concept of logos in pagan, Jewish and Christian thought, with a view to elucidating the polyphonic functions which the word acquired when used in theological discourse. Edwards presents a survey of theological applications of the term Logos in Greek, Jewish and Christian thought from Plato to Augustine and Proclus. Special focus is placed on: the relation of words to images in representation of divine realm, the relation between the logos within (reason) and the logos without (speech) both in linguistics and in Christology, the relation between the incarnate Word and the written text, and the place of reason in the interpretation of revelation.Bringing together materials which are rarely synthesized in modern study, this book shows how Greek and biblical thought part company in their appraisal of the capacity of reason to grasp the nature of God, and how in consequence verbal revelation plays a more significant role in biblical teaching. Edwards shows how this entailed the rejection of images in Jewish and Christian thought, and how the manifestation in flesh of Christ as the living word of God compelled the church to reconsider both the relation of word to image and the interplay between the logos within and the written logos in the formulation of Christian doctrine.
