http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6744 tunnels
tunnels
The hole
"Interpreting a geological setting for the purposes of engineering design and construction requires knowledge of geological engineering and engineering geology, leading to integrated engineering solutions which take into account both ground conditions and environment. This textbook, extensively illustrated, covers the subject area of geological engineering in four sections: 1. Fundamentals: soil mechanics, rock mechanics and hydrogeology; 2. Methods: site investigations, rock mass characterization and engineering geology mapping; 3. Applications: foundations, slope stability, tunnelling, dams, reservoirs and earth works, and 4. Geohazards: landslides, earthquake hazards and prevention and mitigation of geological hazards. The book can serve as a basic reference work for practising engineering geologists, geological and geotechnical engineers, geologists, civil and mining engineers and those professionals involved in design and construction of foundations, tunneling, earth works and excavations for infrastructures, buildings, mining operations, etc. As a textbook it develops an extensive teaching programme of geological engineering and is designed for undergraduate and postgraduate students and academics. Covering basic concepts up to the newest methodologies and procedures used in geological engineering. The book is illustrated with many educational working examples and graphical materials".
Road lighting : fundamentals, technology and application
Channel tunnel visions 1850-1945 : dreams and nightmares
Characterisation of fractured rock for grouting using hydrogeological methods
Ground-water damage in connection with tunnelling indicated by physiographic and fracture-porosity measurements
A revision of the funnelweb mygalomorph spider subfamily Ischnothelinae (Araneae, Dipluridae)
Ventilation of road tunnels
Proceedings of the Sixth International Symposium on Protected Cultivation in Mild Winter Climate: Product and Process Innovation : Ragusa-Sicilia, Italy, March 5-8, 2002
Metro : last light : Xbox 360
Mouseheart
Proceedings of the International Symposium on High Tunnel Horticultural Crop Production : State College, PA, USA, October 16-19, 2011
Tentacles : lonkerot
The polytunnel handbook
Proceedings of the international geotechnical conference : Development of urban areas and geotechnical engineering, June 16-19, 2008, Saint Petersburg : [Vol. 1-2]
Model for estimation of time and cost based on risk evaluation applied on tunnel projects
The seventy architectural wonders of our world : amazing structures and how they were built
A short course in soil-structure engineering of deep foundations, excavations and tunnels
The regional impact of the Channel Tunnel throughout the Community
Handbook of underground drilling
TRUE WAR  & COMBAT STORIES. In the summer of 1962, one year after the rise of the Berlin Wall, a group of daring young West Germans risked prison, Stasi torture and even death to liberate friends, lovers, and strangers in East Berlin by digging tunnels under the Wall. Then, as the world's press heard about the secret projects, two television networks raced to be the first to document them from the inside, funding two separate tunnels for exclusive rights to film the escapes. In response, President John F. Kennedy and his administration, wary of anything that might raise tensions and force a military confrontation with the Soviets, maneuvered to quash both documentaries.
Engineering geological experience from unlined excavated oil storage caverns in a precambrian rock mass in the Porvoo area, Southern Finland
Access all areas : a user's guide to the art of urban exploration
The builders : marvels of engineering
Road tunnel lightning : common nordic guidelines
Large-area SINIS tunnel junctions for cooling applications
Proceedings of the International Symposium on High Technology for Greenhouse Systems : Quebec City, Canada, June 14-19, 2009.. Vol. 2, Greensys2009
Technology innovation in underground construction
Ancient technology : Finnish Institute at Athens : symposium held 30.3.-4.4.1987, Helsinki 1990.
SuperStructures : the world's greatest modern structures
Underground facilities : experience, design, realisation
Standard handbook for civil engineers
The fourth wave of rock construction : environmentally responsible underground design, engineering and applications
The Vertical Line [Elektroninen aineisto] : [Aldwych tube station, London, 04. - 07.02.1999] / John Berger, Simon McBurney
Places of power : the aesthetics of technology
Study of rock damage caused by tunnel boring at Äspö hard rock laboratory
Art of earthmoving : equipment and methods
Under the ground
The magician : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
Encyclopedia of bridges and tunnels
Topographical, structural and geophysical characterization of fracture zones : implications for groundwater flow and vulnerability
Red notice
I wonder why tunnels are round : and other questions about building
Introduction to tunnel construction
A fixed traffic link in the Finnish archipelago Parainen-Nauvo
Seabed wonder : Xiamen xiang'an tunnel
Rock : sound of countless opportunities
Under earth ; under water
The mole people : life in the tunnels beneath New York City
Summary.
Eurotunnel : the illustrated journey
The city in ancient Israel
Repeated crushing and solidification along joints in the Finnish Proterozoic bedrock, as observed in the Päijänne tunnel
Yielding cable bolt for mechanized cable bolting
The tunnels : the untold story of the escapes under the Berlin Wall
Ostracoda (Halocypridina, Cladocopina) from anchialine lava tube in Lanzarote, Canary Islands
Coal baron
Geotechnical risk in rock tunnels
Ashes to ashes ... California: The book of Abraham The Mage holds the secret of eternal life - a secret more dangerous than any one man should possess. Dr. John Dee is two pages away from the knowledge that would bring the Dark Elders into ultimate power - and could mean the destruction of the world as we know it. Two people stand in his way: Josh and Sophie Newman. Paris: Time is running out for Nicholas Flamel and his wife Perenelle. Every day they spend without the book, they age one year: their magic becomes weaker and their bodies more frail. Niccolo Machiavelli, immortal author and celebrated art collector, works for Dee and is in hot pursuit of them - Flamel knows there's no time to lose and Sophie must learn about Fire Magic ... Josh and Sophie are the world's only hope. If they don't turn on each other first. – WorldCat.
THE STORY OF TUNNELS
The magician
Metro : last light : PS3
Hard rock tunnel grouting practice in Finland, Sweden, and Norway : literature study
Modelling approach for geochemical changes in the prototype repository engineering barrier system
The official Channel Tunnel : factfile
See under the ground
The long way to a small, angry planet
Transport policy in the EEC
Asymptotic and numerical studies of electron scattering in 2D quantum waveguides of variable cross-section
The photographs of Édouard Baldus
Geological engineering
The girl next door
Metro : last light : complete edition : PS3
Underground warfare 1914-1918
Atlas of improbable places : a journey to the world's most unusual corners
Great modern structures : 100 years of engineering genius
Tunnelling in rock by drilling and blasting : workshop hosted by Fragplast 10 - the 10th International Symposium on Rock Fragmentation by Blasting : New Delhi, India, 24-25 November 2012
