http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p674 Lagomorpha
Lagomorpha
The Rhyming Rabbit
The bunnies are not in their beds
The new friend
The ecology of the mountain hare (Lepus timidus L.) in managed boreal forests : habitat associations at different forest scales
Laboratory animal medicine : principles and procedures
Handbook of laboratory animal management and welfare
The Year of the Hare
The levels of heavy metals in moose, reindeer and hares in Finland : results of twenty years' monitoring
The refuge theory and habitat selection in the mountain hare on a subarctic fell in Finnish forest Lapland
A color atlas of sectional anatomy of the rabbit
Dabagaalle iyo diin = The hare and the tortoise
Happy happy Clover. 2
Benjamin Bear in fuzzy thinking
Happy happy Clover. 4
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 6, Symposia on lagomorphs, beaver, bear, wolf and mustelids
The rabbit
Clever rabbit and the lion
Chill
Wisher and the runaway piglet
Ba doan xem con yeu ba den dau = Guess how much i love you
Growth factor expression in atherosclerosis and gene transfer for therapeutic angiogenesis
The rhyming rabbit
Woolly circus
The great moon confusion
The hare and the tortoise
The rescue princesses : the golden shell
Reynard the Fox : social engagement and cultural metamorphoses in the beast epic from the Middle Ages to the present
The Little Puddle
Studies of toxoplasmosis in hares and capercaillie
The snowy day
Allegories of the wilderness : ethics and ambiguity in Kuranko narratives
Contagious mucocutaneous dermatitis of the mountain hare (Lepus timidus) : pathology and cause
Happy happy Clover. 1
Brave squish rabbit
Guess how much I love you
Happy happy Clover. 5
The welfare of laboratory animals
The scary monster
Rabbits : the animal answer guide
Structure of short-cyclic fluctuations in numbers of mammals and birds in the northern parts of the northern hemisphere
Variation in the survival, growth and resistance responses of white birches
How to find a friend
The super scooter
Nutrition of the arctic hare (Lepus timidus) in northeastern Lapland
BSAVA manual of rabbit medicine and surgery
Population trends in the mountain hare in northern Finland as related to the 1979-81 roadside census
Some aspects of ecology in hares
The year of the hare
Mia Floppyear's snowy adventure
Lucy Longwhiskers gets lost
Rabbits don't lay eggs!
Pest in the nest
Fern and the dancing hare
Hugo the Hare's rainy day
The grizzly bear with the frizzly hair
Modern livestock & poultry production
Knitted rabbits : 20 easy knitting patterns for cuddly bunnies
Counting
A manual for laboratory animal management
Winnebago hero cycles : a study in aboriginal literature
The nutrition of the arctic hare in the fjeld district of NE Lapland was studied by tralling 147 hares for about 147 km in winter in 1969/70 and 1971 and carrying out 30 food selection experiments with the help of three hares in summer 1971...
Bramble and the Easter egg
An evaluation of methods for distinguishing between juvenile and adult mountain hares Lepus timidus
Caicai wo you duo ai ni = Guess how much i love you
Patologia del coniglio e della lepre : atlante a colori e compendio = Pathology of the rabbit and hare : a color atlas and compendium
No more hitting for little hamster!
The little puddle
Lagomorph biology : evolution, ecology, and conservation
Happy happy Clover. 3
Clinical laboratory animal medicine : an introduction
The terrible plop
Miffy at the zoo
The bedtime frog
Moral imagination in Kaguru modes of thought
Flights of fancy, leaps of faith : children's myths in contemporary America
Skip to the loo, my darling! : a potty book
A colour atlas of the anatomy of small laboratory animals. 1, Rabbit. Guinea pig
Wild and domestic animals as hosts of Toxoplasma gondii in Finland
Belle & Boo and the goodnight kiss
Radio location error and the estimates of home-range size, movements, and habitat use : a simple field test
