http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6749 berry cultivation
berry cultivation berry culture
Abstract.
Blueberries : a century of research
Dewberry growing
The wild blueberry book
Productive small fruit culture : a discussion of the growing, harvesting, and marketing of strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, currants, gooseberries and grapes
Strawberry : growth, development and diseases
Currants, gooseberries, and jostaberries : a guide for growers, marketers, and researchers in North America
Assessments of common pests, growth and nitrogen levels on wild raspberries (Rubus idaeus L.) in summer 2000
Luonnontuotealan valtakunnallinen tutkimusseminaari : 5.10.2010 Joensuu, Itä-Suomen yliopisto = Proceedings of the national research seminar on nature products, Joensuu, October 5, 2010
Nutritional status in commercial currant fields
Suopohjasta uutta voimaa = The after-use alternatives of postharvesting peat production sites
Modern cranberry cultivation
Strawberry production guide for the northeast, midwest, and eastern Canada
Proceedings of the Xth International Rubus and Ribes Symposium : Zlatibor, Serbia, June 22-26, 2011
Proceedings of the Xth International Symposium on Vaccinium and Other Superfruits, Maastricht, The Netherlands, June 17-22, 2012
Proheksadioni-kalsiumin vaikutus mansikan kasvuun avomaalla = Effect of Prohexadione-calcium on the growth of strawberry in the open
Organic strawberry production : a grower's guide
The green home organic crops in pots : how to grow your own vegatagles, fruits and herbs
Berry crop breeding, production and utilization for new century : a proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress: Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August, 2002
Blueberries, cranberries, and other vacciniums
Small fruits review
Proceedings of the IXth International Rubus and Ribes Symposium : Pucón, Chile, December 1-7, 2005
Effect of cropping system and peat amendment on strawberry growth and yield
Cultural management of lingonberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.) and storage of lingonberry fruit
Producing Sea Buckthorn of High Quality : proceedings of the 3rd European Workshop on Sea Buckthorn : Naantali, Finland, October 14-16, 2014
Fireweed, roseroot, Bergenia and chokeberry : joint research for supporting the herb production
Cherries and soft fruits : varieties and cultivation. Report of the conference held by the Royal Horticultural Society
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Soilless Culture and Hydroponics : Almeria, Spain. November 14-19, 2004
Temperate zone pomology : physiology and culture
Factors affecting the internal quality of strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.) fruit
Proceedings of the Eighth International Rubus and Ribes Symposium : Dundee, Scotland, July, 2001
15th International symposium on virus diseases of temperate fruit crops ; 6th International symposium on small fruit diseases
The new self-sufficient gardener
Proceedings of the XXV International Horticultural Congress : Brussels, Belgium 2-7 August, 1998. Part 4, Culture techniques with special emphasis on environmental implications. Chemical, physical and biological means of regulating crop growth in vegetables and fruits
Blueberry culture
Evolution of crop plants
2nd International Workshop on Pollination : Leuven, Belgium 21-22 March 1995
Proceedings of the First International Rose Hip Conference
Practical fruit-growing
Managing cranberry fields
Rambutan cultivation
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Volume 2 : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Pants from pips : pots of plants for the whole family to enjoy
DEVELOPMENT PLAN FOR A SMALL-SIZED FARM : Profitable Development Ideas on Products, Services, Marketing Methods and Customer Service for Kettulan Tila 2012-2014
Berry production in Finland : wild berries, cultivated berries, organic berry research
Agri-Food Quality II : quality management of fruits and vegetables
The new Oxford book of food plants
The highbush blueberry and its management
Bramble production : the management and marketing of raspberries and blackberries
Fruit growing for amateurs
Carbohydrate concentrations and dormancy as related to winter hardiness in red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.)
Effects of fertilizer timing and application method in blackcurrant (Ribes nigrum L.) cv. Ben Tron and strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.) cv. Korona = Effekter av gjødslingstidspunkt og -metode i solbær (Ribes nigrum L) cv Ben Tron og jordbær (Fragaria x ananassa Duch) cv Korona
Raspberry production and consumption is increasing worldwide, and the fruit's potential health benefits are becoming more widely acknowledged. This is the only book available that focuses in depth on raspberries. It offers International coverage of the modern raspberry industry including North America, Europe, Asia and the Middle East. It covers all aspects of raspberry growing, including plant growth and development, cultivar description and selection, site selection and preparation, climate, pest control, irrigation, shipping, economics, harvesting and marketing the final product. It includes hundreds of references and nearly eighty full colour plates. It is suitable for horticulture students, raspberry growers, producers and fruit industry personnel.
Berry and mushroom production in areas drained for forestry
Bush fruits
Blueberry science
Rational use, reproduction and protection of cranberries in the Latvian SSR
Stephanie Alexander's kitchen garden companion
Ecological factors affecting the ripening time of cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus) fruit under cultivation conditions
Floral buds, number of flower initials and fruit set in red currant (Ribes Rubrum L.)
Proceedings of the Fifth International Strawberry Symposium : Coulum Beach, Queensland, Australia, September 5-10, 2004
4th International symposium on vaccinium culture, East Lansing, MI, USA August 13-17, 1988
Establishing cranberry fields
A gardener's guide to growning strawberries organically
Temperate fruit crop breeding : germsplasm to genomics
Proceedings of the 8th International Symposium on Vaccinium Culture : Sevilla, Spain, Oeiras, Portugal, May 3-8, 2004
[Proceedings of the fourth] international symposium on replant problems : Budabest, Hungary 12-16 August, 1996
Proceedings of the Seventh International Symposium on Vaccinium Culture : Termas de Chillan, Chillan, Chile, 4-9 December, 2000
Genetic variation and fruit quality in sea buckthorn and black chokeberry
Chemical weed control in fruit crops : expremintent conducted in 1956-60
The holistic orchard [Moniviestin] : tree fruits and berries the biological way
The small fruits of New York : report of the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station for the Year Ending June 30, 1925
Abstract: The ecology of the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus) is shortly reviewed, especially paying attention to the reproduction and to the damages caused by Galerucella nymphaeae. Figures are given indicating the maximum yield in natural conditions, and the economic importance of this berry is stressed...
Pests of fruit crops : a color handbook
5th International symposium on rubus & ribes, Vancouver, B.C., Canada, 24 June - 2 July 1989
Joonas international : international news forum for professional berry growers
Success with Soft fruits
Rubus arcticus l. and its cultivation
Up-to-date fruit growing
Evaluation of mulching in organically grown black currant (Ribes nigrum) in terms of its effects on the crop and the environment
Proceedings of the Euro Berry Symposium Cost 836 : Final Workshop
Plants in the service of man
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
Evaluation of means to increase the content of bioactive phenolic compounds in soft fruits
Proceedings og the XXV International Horticultural Congress : Brussels, Belgium 2-7 August, 1998. Part 7, Quality of horticultural products. Starting material. Auxiliary products. Quality control
4th International Strawberry Symposium, Tampere, Finland, 9-14 July, 2000 : book of abstracts
The berry grower's companion
Strawberries under protection
Glutathione status of the bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus) as a function of plant phenology and artifical herbivory
Beneficial insects and common pests on strawberry and rasberry crops
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Berries : From Genomics to Sustainable Production, Quality and Health : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
The effect of fertilizers, mulch and land contours on young sea buckthorn cultivars in organic farming
Cultivation of cloudberry in Fennoscandia
Marjat : pohjolan kultaa = Berries: gold of the north
Proceedings of the Organic Fruit Conference : Vignola, Italy, June 16 - 17, 2008
On the European cranberry in Soviet Karelia
Raspberries and blackberries : their breeding, diseases and growth
Modern fruit science : orchard and small fruit culture
Third International Strawberry Symposium : Veldhoven, the Netherlands, 29 April - 4 May 1996. Vol 1
Seabuckthorn : a multipurpose wonder plant. Vol. 1, Botany, harvesting and processing technologies
Fruit, nut, and vegetable harvesting mechanization : proceedings of the International Symposium on Fruit, Nut, and Vegetable harvesting Mechanization, October 5-12, 1983 The volcani Center Bet Dagan, Israel
Vegetables, herbs & fruit : an illustrated encyclopedia
The effect of new cultivation practices on the yield, cane growth and health status of red raspberry (Rubus idaeus l.) in Finland
Proceedings of the IXth International Vaccinium Symposium : Corvallis, Oregon, USA, July 13-16, 2008.. Vol. 1 & 2
Proceedings of the VIIth International Strawberry Symposium : Beijing, China, February 18-22, 2012
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Foliar Nutrition of Perennial Fruit Plants : Meran, Italy, 11-15 September, 2001
