http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6748 Christology
Christology
Zealot : the life and times of Jesus of Nazareth
Encountering Jesus in the Gospels
Time and sacramentality in Gregory of Nyssa's Contra Eunomium
A new song for the Lord : faith in Christ and liturgy today
The many faces of Jesus Christ : intercultural christology
In For Whom Did Christ Die? Williams argues that according to Paul, Jesus died exclusively for the elect to achieve their salvation. The book attempts to show that particular atonement is not simply an abstract theological doctrine, imposed on the text by theologians, and void of a biblical or exegetical foundation, but that this doctrine is biblical, is Pauline, and that particular atonement can be detected in Pauline theology by means of a careful, exegetical analysis of the relevant Pauline texts and of the relevant texts in the Old Testament and Second Temple Judaism.
Christ and the law in Paul
Introducing christian theologies. Volume one, Voices from global Christian communities
Christology : a biblical, historical, and systematic study of Jesus Christ
The hermeneutic of continuity : Christ, kingdom, and creation
The non-western Jesus : Jesus as Bodhisattva, Avatara, Guru, Prophet, Ancestor, or Healer
The feasts of the Lord : an introduction to the twelve feasts and Orthodox Christology
The christology of the fourth gospel : its unity and disunity in the light of John 6
The modern Christian mystic : finding the unitive presence of God
The humanity of Christ : Christology in Karl Barth's Church dogmatics
Christology : a biblical, historical, and systematic study of Jesus
A new christology
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol 126, Correspondence on Christology and grace
Controversies in feminist theology
Lux mundi : a series of studies in the religion of the incarnation
The Emmaus code : finding Jesus in the Old Testament
The essays collected in Christians Shaping Identity celebrate Pauline Allen's significant contribution to early Christian, late antique, and Byzantine studies, especially concerning bishops, heresy/orthodoxy and christology. Covering the period from earliest Christianity to middle Byzantium, the first eighteen essays explore the varied ways in which Christians constructed their own identity and that of the society around them. A final four essays explore the same theme within Roman Catholicism and oriental Christianity in the late 19th to 21st centuries, with particular attention to the subtle relationships between the shaping of the early Christian past and the moulding of Christian identity today. Among the many leading scholars represented are Averil Cameron and Elizabeth A. Clark.
Christ the eternal Tao
The Life of Maximus the Confessor : recension 3
Counsels on the spiritual life
The Blessed Virgin Mary
This volume provides a concise, nontechnical historical introduction to the church's thinking about Mary, the mother of Jesus. The first part of the book sketches the development of Marian thought from the second century to the twentieth century. The second part contains an annotated bibliography of the most important and accessible English-language works on Mary.Tim Perry, an evangelical Anglican priest, and Daniel Kendall, a Roman Catholic Jesuit priest, have joined across the Reformation divide to provide an irenic, balanced volume for students and general readers interested in this most remarkable woman and the ways in which she has shaped Christian thought.
The case against Diodore and Theodore : texts and their contexts
Christian theology
Be renewed : a theology of personal renewal
The Zion traditions and the aims of Jesus
O ēgapēmenos mathētēs : keimena, eikones = Le disciple bien-aimé : textes et icônes = The beloved disciple : texts and icons
Homilies on the life of Christ
Jesus the prophet : his vision of the kingdom on earth
The evidence for Jesus
The person of the Christ : the earthly context of the Savior
Christ in Christian tradition. Vol. 2, From the Council of Chalcedon (451) to Gregory the Great (590-604). Part 2, The church of Constantinople in the 6th century
Personal renewal or sanctification belongs to the heart of the Christian life and is becoming more important in our present-day culture. Listening to Scripture and in conversation with a variety of theologians from the protestant tradition, the author presents an up-to-date concept for a theology of personal renewal. In this concept the spiritual union with Christ unio mystica cum Christo is taken as the starting point in order to consider the way in which renewal obtains form in relation to God, our neighbour, ourselves and the world. To place this concept into a historical perspective, van Vlastuin begins his study with an investigation of Luther and Calvin's theology concerning the relationship between the union with Christ and personal renewal. The concept is developed within the current theological debate, with particular reference to the eschatological character of the Christian life. An important issue concerns the measure of renewal, especially in relation to the sinful heart of the believer. In this context the author also deals with the question of sanctification as a position or a process, and the relation between the two. In addition the relationship between the Holy Spirit and the human soul in the process of renewal is discussed. Another important issue concerns the abiding significance of the law and the way in which it functions in the Christian life. The exploration of several theological positions leads to a modern concept by which to understand law. The study concludes with an investigation of the relationship between the eschatological Christian life in this present life and the complete revelation of the eschaton.
Messiah and exaltation : Jewish messianic and visionary traditions and New Testament Christology
Son of man : by Father Alexander Men ; translated by Samuel Brown
True man or true God? : christological conceptions in early Christianity
Jesus : an experiment in christology
Publisher description: People of the modern West have to a great extent become jaded by Christian terminology and doctrinal constructions, yet many of them are drawn to the Person of Christ Himself. Christ the Eternal Tao seeks to develop not only a new way of seeing Christ, but also a new language by which to express His message, drawing from the enigmatic style and poetic language of Lao Tzu.
The Christ is Jesus : metamorphosis, possession, and Johannine christology
By re-examining the quotation of psalms in Paul, this book offers a fresh interpretation of the New Testament's reception of the Old Testament. Richard Hays's influential Echoes of Scripture in the Letters of Paul astutely identified the rhetorical device of metalepsis, or echo, as central to the study of Pauline hermeneutics. Hays's Paul was in sympathetic dialogue with the voice of Scripture, but Matthew Scott now challenges this assumption with close readings of echoed psalms voiced by David and Christ. Paul's use of metalepsis in Romans and 2 Corinthians reveals him to be a provocative, even polemical, reader who appropriates the words of David for a Christological purpose. Scott also illustrates how Christ succeeds David as the premier psalmist in Paul and considers whether, in doing so, Christ acts as inheritor or iconoclast.
Christology : a global introduction
The mission of Jesus : second Nordic Symposion on the Historical Jesus, Lund, 7-10 October 2012
"[E]xtracts from the writings of Diodore and Theodore as cited by their opponents and supporters, in their historical order, from the death of Theodore to his condemnation at the Council of Constantinople in 553" --Pg. [vii]-viii. This is a landmark work, providing the first complete collection of the remaining excerpts from the writings of Diodore of Tarsus and Theodore of Mopsuestia together with a ground-breaking study of the controversy regarding the person of Christ that raged from the fourth to the sixth century, and which still divides the Christian Church. Destroyed after their condemnation, all that remains of the dogmatic writings of Diodore and Theodore are the passages quoted by their supporters and opponents. John Behr brings together all these excerpts, from the time of Theodore's death until his condemnation at the Second Council of Constantinople (553) - including newly-edited Syriac texts (from florilegium in Cod. Add. 12156, and the fragmentary remains of Theodore's On the Incarnation in Cod. Add. 14669) and many translated for the first time - and examines their interrelationship, to determine who was borrowing from whom, locating the source of the polemic with Cyril of Alexandria. On the basis of this textual work, Behr presents a historical and theological analysis that completely revises the picture of these 'Antiochenes' and the controversy regarding them. Twentieth-century scholarship often found these two 'Antiochenes' sympathetic characters for their aversion to allegory and their concern for the 'historical Jesus', and regarded their condemnation as an unfortunate incident motivated by desire for retaliation amidst 'Neo-Chalcedonian' advances in Christology. This study shows how, grounded in the ecclesial and theological strife that had already beset Antioch for over a century, Diodore and Theodore, in opposition to Julian the Apostate and Apollinarius, were led to separate the New Testament from the Old and 'the man' from the Word of God, resulting in a very limited understanding of Incarnation and circumscribing the importance of the Passion. The result is a comprehensive and cogent account of the controversy, both Christological and exegetical together, of the early fifth century, the way it stemmed from earlier tensions and continued through the Councils of Ephesus, Chalcedon, and Constantinople II.
The Jesus of faith : a study of Gerhard Ebeling's christology
The Oxford handbook of Christology
Christ in Christian tradition. Vol. 2, From the Council of Chalcedon (451) to Gregory the Great (590-604). Part 1. Reception and contradiction : the development of the discussion about Chalcedon from 451 to the beginning of the reign of Justinian
The experience of God : Orthodox dogmatic theology. Vol. 3, The person of Jesus Christ as God and Savior
Christology of the Oriental Orthodox Churches : Christology in the tradition of the Armenian Apostolic Church
This volume deals with the mission of the historical Jesus, that is, Jesus' notion of being commissioned by God to carry out a specific task, and his ideas of how to perform that task. Eleven scholars discuss how the mission of Jesus was understood in earlier research and present their own views.
The Christology of Anselm of Canterbury
John, Jesus, and history. Vol. 1, Critical appraisals of critical views
Transfigured : a Derridean rereading of the Markan transfiguration
For whom did Christ die? : the extent of the atonement in Paul's theology
Jesus' message about the Kingdom of God in the light of contemporary ideas
The way of the Lord : christological exegesis of the Old Testament in the Gospel of Mark
Given to the church : an exegetical analysis of christology and anthropology in Eph 1:20-23 and 2:5-6
Infinity dwindled to infancy : a Catholic and evangelical Christology
Crucified and resurrected : restructuring the grammar of Christology
Christification : a Lutheran approach to theosis
Jesus Wars reveals how official, orthodox teaching about Jesus was the product of political maneuvers by a handful of key characters in the fifth century. Jenkins argues that were it not for these controversies, the papacy as we know it would never have come into existence and that today's church could be teaching some-thing very different about Jesus. It is only an accident of history that one group of Roman emperors and militia-wielding bishops defeated another faction. --from publisher description.
Paul's glory-christology : tradition and rhetoric
The crucified God : the cross of Christ as the foundation and criticism of Christian theology
Studies in the Gospel of John and its Christology : festschrift Gilbert van Belle
Coptic Christology in practice : incarnation and divine participation in late antique and medieval Egypt
The letters of 2 Peter and Jude
God's being in reconciliation : the theological basis of the unity and diversity of the Atonement in the theology of Karl Barth
The claim that the events of Jesus' life, death, and resurrection took place 'according to the Scriptures' stands at the heart of the New Testament's earliest message. All four canonical Gospels declare that the Torah, Prophets and Psalms mysteriously prefigure Jesus. In this ground-breaking new book, Hays traces the strategies the Gospel writers employ to 'read backwards', showing how the Old Testament figuratively discloses the astonishing truth about Jesus' identity. Written by one of the world's most widely respected writers on the New Testament Shows how a close reading of the Gospels points unmistakably to an early belief in the divinity of Jesus' identity -- Review: 'Hays opens new and striking vistas on texts we thought we knew - and, particularly, on the early church's remarkable belief in Jesus as the embodiment of Israel's God.' N. T. Wright 'Few people are better qualified than Hays to take us right inside the ways the Gospels interpret the Old Testament. And, as though that were not enough for one short book, his hermeneutical quest also delivers a christological result. He shows how, precisely in their reading of the Old Testament, each of the Gospels in its own distinctive way presents Jesus as the very embodiment of the God of Israel. Intertextuality and high christology turn out to be two sides of a coin.' Richard Bauckham, Emeritus Professor, University of St Andrews.
Miaphysite christology : an Ethiopian perspective
The person and place of Jesus Christ
Our hope in Christ : Bible studies for the seventh assembly of the Lutheran World Federation, Budapest, Hungary, July 22 to August 5, 1984
Christology revisited
Jesus without borders : Christology in the majority world
Compendium of theology
Systematic theology. Volume I : the triune God
The Gospel of Mark : a socio-rhetorical commentary
The Person of Christ
Pre-Nicene christology in paschal contexts : the case of the divine Noetic anthropos
Maximus the Confessor : Jesus Christ and the transfiguration of the world
The creative suffering of God
For our salvation : two approaches to the work of Christ
Becoming human : meditations on Christian anthropology in word and image
The essential Jesus : what Jesus really taught
One God and one Lord : Paul's christological re-reading of Shema in 1 Cor 8:1-6
The common life in the body of Christ
Jesus wars : how four patriarchs, three queens, and two emperors decided what Christians would believe for the next 1,500 years
The religion of Jesus the Jew
The person of Christ
Jesus the liberator : a historical-theological reading of Jesus of Nazareth
"Prophet or messiah, the figure of Jesus serves as both the bridge and the barrier between Christianity and Islam. In this accessible and thoughtful book, Muslim scholar and popular commentator Mona Siddiqui takes her reader on a personal, theological journey exploring the centrality of Jesus in Christian-Muslim relations. Christian and Muslim scholars have used Jesus and Christological themes for polemical and dialogical conversations from the earliest days to modern times. The author concludes with her own reflections on the cross and its possible meaning in her Muslim faith. Through a careful analysis of selected works by major Christian and Muslim theologians during the formative, medieval and modern periods of both religions, Siddiqui focuses on themes including revelation, prophecy, salvation, redemption, sin, eschatology, law and love. How did some doctrines become the defining characteristics of one faith and not the other? What is the nature of the theological chasm between Christianity and Islam? With a nuanced and carefully considered analysis of critical doctrines the author provides a refreshingly honest counterpoint to contemporary polemical arguments and makes a compelling contribution to reasoned interfaith conversation."--Jacket.
This study contextualizes the achievement of a strategically crucial figure in Byzantium's turbulent seventh century, the monk and theologian Maximus the Confessor (580-662). Building on newer biographical research and a growing international body of scholarship, as well as on fresh examination of his diverse literary corpus, Paul Blowers develops a profile integrating the two principal initiatives of Maximus's career: first, his reinterpretation of the christocentric economy of creation and salvation as a framework for expounding the spiritual and ascetical life of monastic and non-monastic Christians; and second, his intensifying public involvement in the last phase of the ancient christological debates, the monothelete controversy, wherein Maximus helped lead an East-West coalition against Byzantine imperial attempts doctrinally to limit Jesus Christ to a single (divine) activity and will devoid of properly human volition. Blowers identifies what he terms Maximus's "cosmo-politeian" worldview, a contemplative and ascetical vision of the participation of all created beings in the novel politeia, or reordered existence, inaugurated by Christ's "new theandric energy". Maximus ultimately insinuated his teaching on the christoformity and cruciformity of the human vocation with his rigorous explication of the precise constitution of Christ's own composite person. In outlining this cosmo-politeian theory, Blowers additionally sets forth a "theo-dramatic" reading of Maximus, inspired by Hans Urs von Balthasar, which depicts the motion of creation and history according to the christocentric "plot" or interplay of divine and creaturely freedoms. Blowers also amplifies how Maximus's cumulative achievement challenged imperial ideology in the seventh century-- the repercussions of which cost him his life -- and how it generated multiple recontextualizations in the later history of theology.
The word became flesh : a contemporary incarnational christology
The criteria for authenticity in historical-Jesus research : previous discussion and new proposals
Deification and grace
Christ and horrors : the coherence of christology
The hermeneutics of christological psalmody in Paul : an intertextual enquiry
The God of Jesus Christ : meditations on God in the Trinity
Christus sacerdos in the preaching of St. Augustine : Christ and Christian identity
Jerome Zanchi (1516-90) and the analysis of reformed scholastic Christology
This is my beloved son : the transfiguration of Christ
Christology in the making : a New Testament inquiry into the origins of the doctrine of the Incarnation
The incarnation of God : an introduction to Hegel's theological thought as a prolegomena to a future christology
Creation and christology : a study on the Johannine prologue in the light of early Jewish creation accounts
The coming of the Cosmic Christ : the healing of Mother Earth and the birth of a global renaissance
Jesus the Jew : a historian's reading of the Gospels
A shorter commentary on Romans
The passions of Christ in high-medieval thought : an essay on christological development
Toledot Yeshu : the life story of Jesus : two volumes and database. Vol. 1, Introduction and translation
God incarnate : explorations in Christology
John's apologetic christology : legitimation and development in Johannine christology
Jesus then & now : images of Jesus in history and christology
One of the most pressing issues in the doctrine of the atonement today is the question of the unity and diversity of the work of Christ. What are we to make of the diversity within the biblical witness and the history of doctrine when it comes to explanations of the meaning and significance of Jesus' death and resurrection? Without a grasp of the unity of his work, our understanding and use of the diversity runs the risk of becoming haphazard and disordered. Proposals regarding the unity of Christ's work today tend to focus on the metaphorical nature of language, the role of culture, and various possible conceptual schemes, rarely reflecting on unity and diversity proper to the being God. To fill this gap, Johnson draws on Karl Barth's integrated account of the doctrines of God and reconciliation, harnessing the resources contained within the doctrines of the Trinity and divine perfections to energize a properly theological account of the unity and diversity of the atonement.
In the shadow of the incarnation : essays on Jesus Christ in the early church in honor of Brian E. Daley, S.J
Perichoresis and personhood : God, Christ, and salvation in John of Damascus
Union with Christ in the New Testament
Gospel truth? : today's quest for Jesus of Nazareth
Pater Bernhardus : Martin Luther and Bernard of Clairvaux
Should Christianity's theological face remain largely European and North American in the twenty-first century in the wake of the expansion of Christianity in sub-Saharan Africa, Asia, and Latin America? The question about the "theological face" of Christianity cannot be ignored. For too long African, Asian, and Latin American theologians have been left out of mainstream theological discussions. Few standard textbooks on Christian theology acknowledge the unique contributions theologians from these continents have made to global Christianity. Introducing Christian Theologies: Voices from Global Christian Communities is a two-volume textbook that alters the predominantly European and North American "theological face" of Christianity by interacting with the voices of the Christian communities from around the globe. Introducing Christian Theologies explores the works of key theologians from across the globe, highlighting their unique contributions to Christian theology and doctrine. --
Who do you say I am? : introduction to christology
Cosmic Christology in Paul and the Pauline school : Colossians and Ephesians in the context of Graeco-Roman cosmology, with a new synopsis of the Greek texts
Jesus Christ liberator : a critical Christology for our time
Suffering and evil in early Christian thought
Acknowledgements -- Abbreviations -- List of Contributors --1 Introduction / Wendy Mayer and Geofrey D. Dunn -- The Roman Empire before Constantine -- 2 Jews, Gentiles, and Ethnic Identity in the Gospel of Matthew / David C. Sim -- 3 Die Herkunft der Christen in der Apologie des Aristides: Baustein zu einem Kommentar / Michael Lattke -- 4 What did Ancient Christians Say when they Cast out Demons? Inferences from Spells and Amulets / Theodore de Bruyn -- The Late Antique East -- 5 On Being a Christian in Late Antiquity: St Basil the Great between the Desert and the City / Andrew Louth -- 6 The Likeness to God and the Imitation of Christ: The Transformation of the Platonic Tradition in Gregory of Nyssa / Shigeki Tsuchihashi -- 7 Origen after the Origenist Controversy / Miyako Demura -- 8 Shaping the Sick Soul: Reshaping the Identity of John Chrysostom / Wendy Mayer -- The Late Antique West -- 9 Theory and Practice in Ambrose: De officiis and the Political Interventions of the Bishop of Milan / Mary Sheather -- 10 Jerome as Priest, Exegete, and 'Man of the Church' / Philip Rousseau -- 11 The Use of Comparison and Contrast in Shaping the Identity of a Desert Monk / Jacobus P.K. Kritzinger -- 12 Augustine's Scriptural Exegesis in De sermone Domini in monte and the Shaping of Christian Perfection / Naoki Kamimura -- 13 Shaping the Poor: The Philosophical Anthropology of Augustine in the Context of the Era of Crisis / Kazuhiko Demura -- 14 Innocent I on Heretics and Schismatics as Shaping Christian Identity / Geoffrey D. Dunn -- Byzantium -- Ariadne Augusta: Shaping the Identity of the Early Byzantine Empress / Brian Croke -- 16 Dream Interpretation and Christian Identity in Late Antique Rome and Byzantium / Bronwen Neil -- 17 Shaping Coptic Christian Identity: Severus and the Adoption in Egypt of the Cult of the Forty Martyrs / Youhanna Nessim Youssef -- 18 The Treatment of Ecumenical Councils in Byzantine Chronicles / Roger Scott -- 19 Flights of Fancy: Some Imaginary Debates in Late Antiquity / Averil Cameron -- Reading the Past, Shaping the Present -- 20 The Personal Identity of Jesus Christ: Alois Grillmeier's Contribution to its Conceptualisation / Michael Slusser -- 21 Christological Declarations with Oriental Churches / Theresia Hainthaler -- 22 'Historical Development' and Early Christianity: George Tyrrell's Modernist Adaptation and Critique / Elizabeth A. Clark -- 23 Male-Centred Christology and Female Cultic Incapability: Women's impedimentum sexus / Kari Elisabeth Børresen -- Index of Primary Sources -- General Index.
Liturgy wars : ritual theory and Protestant reform in nineteenth-century Zurich
The suffering of God according to Martin Luther's 'Theologia crucis'
The titles of Christ
Christ as Creator : origins of a New Testament doctrine
Naming Jesus : titular christology in the Gospel of Mark
Who do you say that I am?
While it is not well known among Christians, Jesus has an important role in the Quaranic literature, and this book examines this provocative topic, focusing on Jesus's role in the eschatology of Islam, especially on the afterlife.
Jesus and the Dead Sea Scrolls
An introduction to New Testament Christology
Theological investigations. 5, Volume V : Later writings
Christology
The Commentary on the Gospel of John is the only surviving, primarily christological work of Theodore of Mopsuestia to have reached our time. The original Greek fragments of The Commentary on the Gospel of John are an invaluable guide in the discussion of Theodore's christology, bridging the gap between the hostile florilegia and the Syriac hagiographies that have dominated the field for so long. Written in the early fifth century, this commentary reflects the author's ongoing attempts to interpret and support the Nicene and Constantinopolitan definitions of faith in a time when theological language was still in flux.
Christians shaping identity from the Roman Empire to Byzantium : studies inspired by Pauline Allen
his is the first book to look closely at the contested reception of Peter Lombard's Sentences and its eventual triumph at the Fourth Lateran Council. This is the first book to look closely at the contested reception of Peter Lombard's Sentences and its eventual triumph at the Fourth Lateran Council. By placing Peter Lombard's career and works within the broader frame of twelfth-century ideas, practice, and institutions, the author explores and contextualizes the controversies that attended the publication of the Sentences. At the same time, she also traces the growing popularity of the Sentences and its increasing prestige and importance among the literary elites of Northern Europe. The book argues that the allegations of error made against Lombard's Christology and Trinitarian theology in the period between 1156 and 1215 must be understood in the longer history of intellectual controversy in the Schools of Northern Europe. In the trials of Berengar of Tours, Abelard, and Gilbert of Poitiers, the author uncovers a consistent tradition of critique within the schools which, she then shows, inform subsequent criticisms of Peter Lombard's intellectual legacy. Concomitantly, she explores how responses made in support of the Sentences, against men such as Gerhoh of Reichersberg and Joachim of Fiore, consolidated the emerging canonical status of the work as a textbook in theology which would be finally endorsed at Lateran IV. As such, this study challenges our understanding of the making of orthodoxy in the twelfth century.
God - the world's future : systematic theology for a new era
In 'The constancy and development of the Christology of Theodoret of Cyrrhus' Vasilije Vranic offers an assessment of the involvement of Theodoret of Cyrrhus in the Nestorian and Miaphysite controversies of the fifth century. Theodoret's Christological language and concepts are examined in their historical contexts. The study is based on the comparison between the early period of Theodoret's Christological output (Expositio rectae fidei and Refutation of the Twelve Anathemas) and his mature period (Eranistes). Theodoret's Christology is ultimately vindicated and his position as a credible theologian who anticipated the definition of the Council of Chalcedon (AD 451) is assured, while proposing that challenges to the consistency of his Christology ought to be reconsidered.
The historical Jesus quest : landmarks in the search for the Jesus of history
The son of God beyond the flesh : a historical and theological study of the extra Calvinisticum
New Testament christology
What no mind has conceived : on the significance of christological apophaticism
Jesus and the angels : angelology and the christology of the Apocalypse of John
Defending the "people of truth" in the early Islamic period : the Christian apologies of Abū Rā̕̕iṭah
Adoption as sons of God : an exegetical investigation into the background of huiothesia in the Pauline corpus
The question of uniqueness in the teaching of Jesus
Creator est creatura : Luthers Christologie als Lehre von der Idiomenkommunikation
Christ in Christian tradition. 2, From the Council of Chalcedon (451) to Gregory the Great (590-604), part 1
Christians, Muslims, and Jesus
The Incarnation : an interdisciplinary symposium on the Incarnation of the Son of God
Doctrines of the Creed : their basis in Scripture and their meaning to-day
Jesus and his "works" : the Johannine sayings in historical perspective
Orthodoxy and controversy in twelfth-century religious discourse : Peter Lombard's Sencences and the development of theology
The lamb of God
The sleeper's dream : Asclepius ritual and early Christian discourse
Jesus Christ in modern thought
The historical Jesus question : the challenge of history to religious authority
Jesus as Christ : what is at stake in Christology?
Jesus of Nazareth : the infancy narratives
Mystici corporis : encyclical letter of Pope Pius XII on the mystical body of Christ
On the cosmic mystery of Jesus Christ : selected writings from St. Maximus the Confessor
Though the makeup of the church worldwide has undeniably shifted south and east over the past few decades, very few theological resources have taken account of these changes. Jesus without Borders — the first volume in the emerging Majority World Theology series — begins to remedy that lack, bringing together select theologians and biblical scholars from various parts of the world to discuss the significance of Jesus in their respective contexts. Offering an excellent glimpse of contemporary global, evangelical dialogue on the person and work of Jesus, this volume epitomizes the best Christian thinking from the Majority World in relation to Western Christian tradition and Scripture. The contributors engage throughout with historic Christian confessions — especially the Creed of Chalcedon — and unpack their continuing relevance for Christian teaching about Jesus today.
Chinese Christ : the Christology of T. C. Chao
Maximus the Confessor and his companions : documents from exile
The Jewish Jesus : how Judaism and Christianity shaped each other
Theodore of Mopsuestia : commentary on the Gospel of John
Christ in the Psalms
Images of Jesus today
The way of Jesus Christ : christology in messianic dimensions
The concept of Christ's preexistence in the trinitarian theology of Robert W. Jenson : an exposition and critique
God's human face : the Christ-icon
The Oxford Handbook of Christology brings together 40 authoritative essays considering the theological study of the nature and role of Jesus Christ. This collection offers dynamic perspectives within the study of Christology and provides rigorous discussion of inter-confessional theology, which would not have been possible even 60 years ago. The first of the seven parts considers Jesus Christ in the Bible. Rather than focusing solely on the New Testament, this section begins with discussion of the modes of God's self-communication to us and suggests that Christ's most original incarnation is in the language of the Hebrew Bible. The second section considers Patristics Christology. These essays explore the formation of the doctrines of the person of Christ and the atonement between the First Council of Nicaea in 325 and the eve of the Second Council of Nicaea. The next section looks at Mediaeval theology and tackles the development of the understanding of who Christ was and of his atoning work. The section on 'Reformation and Christology' traces the path of the Reformation from Luther to Bultmann. The fifth section tackles the new developments in thinking about Christ which have emerged in the modern and the postmodern eras, and the sixth section explains how beliefs about Jesus have affected music, poetry, and the arts. The final part concludes by locating Christology within systematic theology, asking how it relates to Christian belief as a whole. This comprehensive volume provides an invaluable resource and reference for scholars, students, and general readers interested in the study of Christology.
Jesus Christ, the son of Mary, and his blessed mother
The homilies of Proclus are a valuable source for the christological issues of the fifth century and formed an important basis for the subsequent formulation of the orthodox faith at Chalcedon in 451, yet they have not received as much attention as the works of Cyril of Alexandria. For the first time in English the twenty-seven homilies of Proclus that deal with the life of Christ are presented.
Arius : heresy and tradition
The story of Christ in the ethics of Paul : an analysis of the function of the hymnic material in the Pauline Corpus
Introduction to Saint Gregory Palamas
The making of modern German christology : from enlightenment to Pannenberg
The theme of Temple Christology in John's Gospel
This is a study in the Christology of Jerome Zanchi (1516-90), a leading 16th century reformed scholastic theologian. The study as a whole is bound together by doctrinal topics, themes and trajectories important to the 16th century Christological debates as well as by philosophical issues and arguments. In the first chapter, Stefan Lindholm situates Zanchi in the contemporary research into reformed scholasticism. Lindholm gives an account of what he calls 'analytic Christology' and why it is relevant to the present study. In the second chapter, he contextualizes Zanchi's Christology, historically and theologically. He discusses the sources and context of Zanchi's Christology and characterize it as catholic, scholastic and reformed. In the second part, on the hypostatic union, Lindholm evaluates Zanchi's view of the virgin birth – The process of hominization – in the third chapter. In the fourth chapter, he analyses Zanchi's uses of the part-whole and soul-body similes for the hypostatic union. What emerges is a rather ambiguous view of the hypostatic union. At the end of this chapter, Lindholm offers further correctives to Zanchi's assumed metaphysical framework in order to better accommodate the sort of claims Zanchi wants to make about the hypostatic union. The central theme in the debate between the Lutherans and the reformed theologians, the communication of properties, is treated in the third part. Chapter five deals with Zanchi's controversy with Martin Chemnitz' notion of the majestic genus (genus maiestaticum). In the sixth chapter Lindholm discusses the most heated issue in the debate about the communication of properties: ubiquity. He shows that Zanchi tends to argue against a sort of generalized version of ubiquity but it is not clear that Chemnitz actually ascribed to that position which weakens the force of Zanchi's arguments. Finally, Lindholm looks at two scholastic arguments found in Chemnitz for multi-location and reconstruct a possible Zanchian response to them. In a postscript, Lindholm suggests some trajectories for future research.
Alexander l. Abecinba argues that Gregory of Nyssa's dispute with Eunomius of Cyzicus in Contra Eunomium gave birth to a sacramental view of time. "In Chapter 1, Time and Ontology, I show that Gregory sees temporal extension ... as a fundamental property that distinguishes the creature from the Creator. Further, Nyssen conceives of creaturely temporality in a two-fold manner: temporality that applies to sensible creation and a higher temporality that applies to intelligible creation. For Gregory, time not only acts to veil the Creator from the creature. Through a participatory ascent from sensible to intelligible temporality, time also acts as the very means of creaturely communion with God. The veiling and unveiling function of time gives rise to its sacramental character. Chapter 2, Time, Language and Thought, extends the findings of Chapter 1. I argue that, for Nyssen, words pertain to sensible temporality while thought pertains to intelligible temporality. Words and thought, being temporally diastematic in character, veil the Creator from the creature. Nevertheless, for Gregory, the ascent of sensible to intelligible temporality is mirrored in an ascent from the spoken words to silent thought that also unveils the Creator to the creature. Thus, words and thought possess a sacramental character insofar as they are caught up the ascent of sacramental time into union with God. Chapter 3, Time and Christology, discusses topics such as the divine economy, the divine and human nature of Christ, and the kenosis and deification of Christ. I argue that Nyssen sees the Incarnation as the Sacrament, par excellence, of humanity's salvation. In this event the Son's divine nature is veiled in flesh, yet is visible in that same flesh to those who have "clear vision." This unique event in history, in which the human nature of the Son is properly deified, provides the basis for creaturely temporal ascent into the life of God. Creaturely temporal existence is sacramental, inasmuch as it shares in the unique Christological Sacrament by analogy. In the Epilogue I allow the findings of Chapters 1 to 3 to shed light on Greogory's understanding of the sacraments of baptism and eucharist. I argue that Gregory's defense of pro-Nicene sacramental practices, over against Eunomius of Cyzicus, depends upon his sacramental view of time."
Jesus' prayer and Jesus' eucharist : his personal practice of spirituality
The image of the invisible God : essays on the influence of Jewish mysticism on early christology
Physicalist soteriology in Hilary of Poitiers
Transformed in Christ : christology and the Christian life in John Chrysostom
The cosmic Christ
An introduction to the Johannine Gospel and Letters
Jesus according to Scripture : restoring the portrait from the Gospels
Christology : key readings in Christian thought
The real Jesus : the misguided quest for the historical Jesus and the truth of the traditional gospels
Cosmic liturgy : the universe according to Maximus the Confessor
Studying the historical Jesus ; guide to sources and methods
The constancy and development in the Christology of Theodoret of Cyrrhus
From Messiah to preexistent son : Jesus' self-consciousness and early Christian exegesis of Messianic psalms
Bernard of Clairvaux, theologian of the cross
The christological background of Luther's understanding of justification
The Christ and the Spirit : collected essays. Vol. 1, Christology
Jesus and the reign of God
The Book of the Life of Jesus (in Hebrew Sefer Toledot Yeshu ) presents a “biography” of Jesus from an anti-Christian perspective. It ascribes to Jesus an illegitimate birth, a theft of the Ineffable Name, heretical activities, and finally a disgraceful death. Perhaps for centuries, Toledot Yeshu circulated orally until it coalesced into various literary forms. Although the dates of these written compositions remain obscure, some early hints of a Jewish counter-history of Jesus can be found in the works of Christian authors of Late Antiquity, such as Justin, Celsus, and Tertullian. Around 600 CE, some fragments of Jesus' “biography” made their way into the Babylonian Talmud; and in 827, archbishop Agobard of Lyon attests to a sacrilegious book about Jesus that circulated among Jews. In the Middle Ages, the book became the object and tool of an acrimonious controversy. Jews, Christians, and theists, such as Ibn Shaprut, Luther, and Voltaire, quoted and commented on Toledot Yeshu , trying to disprove the beliefs of their opponents and revealing their own prejudices. The narrative was translated into Latin and many vernacular languages and soon branched into numerous versions with only a few basic facts in common. The present publication provides researchers with reliable conclusions regarding the narrative's origin and evolution. In addition, the purchase of the volume offers full online access to a comprehensive database of Toledot Yeshu manuscripts, designed to encourage and facilitate further research about this important book in the history of Jewish-Christian polemics. All Hebrew and Aramaic manuscripts are edited in the present book and database: an unusual combination of a traditional critical edition with an electronic research tool. The database features a full-text search of all manuscripts as well as printing and downloading capabilities.
Jesus of Africa : voices of contemporary African christology
Christ in Christian tradition. 1, From the Apostolic Age to Chalcedon (451)
Jesus matters : 150 years of research
In Pre-Nicene Christology in Paschal Contexts Dragoş A. Giulea re-examines the earliest texts related to the festival of Easter in light of Second Temple traditions. Commonly portrayed as sacrificial lamb, the key actor of the paschal narrative is here designated as heavenly Kabod, Divine Image, King of the Powers, celestial Anthropos, Demiurge, Son of Man, each of these divine names implying a corresponding soteriological function. Dragoş A. Giulea indicates as well that the Greek philosophical vocabulary and certain idioms of the mystery religions inspired new categories which reshaped the traditional way of describing the nature of celestial entities and the epistemological capacities able to access these realities. Thus, the King of the Powers, or the Son of Man, is several times described as a noetic Anthropos, while initiation and noetic perception become the appropriate methods of accessing the divine.
Is Jesus unique? : a study of recent Christology
The knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord : the high christology of Philippians 3:7-11
God - the world's future : systematic theology for a postmodern era
Was there a Lutheran metaphysics? : the interpretation of communicatio idiomatum in early modern Lutheranism
Studies in the Gospel of John and Its Christology brings together a number of essays in honour of Gilbert Van Belle, professor of New Testament Studies at the Catholic University of Leuven. Some thirty colleagues responded to the invitation to contribute an essay on an aspect of the Christology of the Fourth Gospel. The editors have tried to cover all the important passages, and many more, that deal with this crucial topic in Johannine studies, which was also very much a focus of Van Belle's own research. The essays are arranged according to the structure of the gospel. The first two contributions deal with hermeneutical issues in the prologue. They are followed by essays on (parts of) each chapter, including the epilogue in John 21, and one essay on the faith and witness motif in 1 John 5,6-12. The volume also includes the complete academic bibliography of the honouree.
The death of the Messiah : from Gethsemane to the grave : a commentary on the passion narratives in the four Gospels. Volume 1
Mary and the Christian gospel
The transfiguration of Christ in Scripture and tradition
In Physicalist Soteriology in Hilary of Poitiers, Ellen Scully presents Hilary as a representative of the "mystical" or "physical" trajectory of patristic soteriology and outlines the theological ramifications of Hilary's conviction that all humans are contained in Christ's incarnate body.
"I am" in John's Gospel : literary function, background and theological implications
Old Testament Yahweh texts in Paul's christology
This first edition of the third recension of the Life of Maximus the Confessor with full critical apparatus is accompanied by a lucid English translation. A major introduction to the text records the opposition of the Greek monk Maximus (580-662 CE) to the monothelite controversy, and outlines the surviving sources for the Life of Maximus, its historical background, and the relationship between the three versions of the Greek life. The volume will be of historical and theological interest to scholars and students of Byzantium in the seventh century.
The anti-Pelagian Christology of Augustine of Hippo, 396-430
Jesus : Miriam's child, Sophia's prophet : critical issues in feminist christology
Reading backwards : figural Christology and the fourfold gospel witness
The Christian and gnostic Son of Man
The founder of Christianity
Divinity and humanity : the incarnation reconsidered
