http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6757 laboratory research
laboratory research
Changes in test menus 1986-1988 in Nordic clinical chemistry laboratories : a summary report on the results from a questionnaire investigation
Provningsjämförelse 02/2015 : a-klorofyll, färg, lednindgsförmåga, näringsmäne, pH and grumlighet från naturvatten.
Direct smear atlas : a monograph of gram-stained preparations of clinical specimens
Abstract.
Textbook of diagnostic microbiology
Molecular cloning of pSuper-IRES-H2K and GIMAP-4
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 08/2014 : metals and mercury in waters
Laboratory tests & diagnostic procedures
A practical guide to clinical laboratory testing
GLP essentials : a concise guide to good laboratory practice
T helper cells play a profound role in the adaptive immune response. Depending on the antigen, cytokine environment and co-stimulatory signals naїve T helper cells differentiate into distinct subsets, including Th1, Th2, and Th17 cells. These subsets have their own specific tasks and disturbances in their balance can lead to disorders in the immune system, such as autoimmune diseases, allergies and asthma. Dissecting the molecular mechanisms of Th cell differentiation is crucial for understanding the pathogenesis of immune-mediated disorders. Such knowledge may lead to better ways of diagnosing and providing therapies for these diseases.  This thesis study is part of a larger research project of the Molecular Immunology Group and was carried out at the Turku Centre for Biotechnology during April and May 2010. The original goal of this study was to test a novel method, called mRNA transfection, in studying Th cells. However, the time reserved for this project was too short and therefore the aims of the study were changed and only a part of the original project was performed. The aim of this study was to generate plasmid constructs of four variants of the NFIL3 coding fragment (FLAG-DN-NFIL3, FLAG-NFIL3, DN-NFIL3, NFIL3) by cloning them to the pBluescriptRN3P plasmid vector. Also a construct of the GATA3 coding fragment and pBluescriptRN3P plasmid vector was generated to be used as a control in further functional studies. In addition, the correct constructs were to be linearized for further studies. The goal was to provide useful tools to help the research of Th cells. In this study basic methods of molecular biotechnology, such as DNA digestion, ligation, bacterial transformation and polymerase chain reaction, were used. During this study substantial, unexpected and time consuming problems occurred, which is somewhat typical of scientific research. Due to the faced challenges the original goals were not fully reached. Nevertheless, as a result three out of the five constructs were correctly generated and they can be utilized in further studies.
Review manual to Henry's clinical diagnosis and management by laboratory methods : twenty-first edition
This laboratory manual for allied health or general microbiology has been written with the student in mind. The authors have used their years of teaching microbiology and microbiology laboratory at all levels to identify and relate the fundamental concepts that are important to the understanding of the science and students' success in their future field. They have included case studies to exemplify the relevance of the science and extensive visual imagery to help students understand and learn the content. Most importantly, the authors hope this manual will help students experience the thrill of bench science and share some of the enthusiasm they have for microbiology, a field of science that is dynamic, exciting and touches every aspect of your life.
Phonetic interpretation
Validation of a plasma calcium test on the Konelab 20i analyzer
Microbiological examination methods of food and water : a laboratory manual
Practical manual of algae
Introduction to microbiology laboratory exercises for allied health students
Proficiency test SYKE 8/2008 : oil hydrocarbons and volatile organic compounds in water and soil
Point-of-care testing (POCT) : requirements for quality and competence = Analyses de biologie délocalisées (ADBD) - exigences concernant la qualité et la compétence
WHO laboratory manual for the examination and processing of human semen
Teaching in laboratories
Succeed in chemistry with CHEMICAL PRINCIPLES IN THE LABORATORY, Eleventh Edition! Clear, user-friendly, and direct, this lab manual provides you with the tools you need to successfully complete lab experiments and lab reports. Analyzing the data you observe in lab sessions is easy with the manual's numerous Advance Study Assignments that give you extra practice with processing data through sample questions. In addition, a special section shows you how to use Excel to simplify making calculations.
Lecture notes on haematology
Interlaboratory proficiency test 02/2015 : a-chlorophyll, colour, conductivity, nutrients, pH and turbidity in natural waters
Proficiency test SYKE 4/2013 : metals in waters and sediment
Essentials in hematology and clinical pathology
A guide to laboratory investigations
Clinical hematology and fundamentals of hemostasis
Interlaboratory proficiency test NW 2/2014 : alkalinity, pH, nutrients and conductivity in natural waters
Utilization of quality management systems in Finnish medical laboratories
Urinalysis and body fluids
Phlebotomy : principles and practice
Introduction to immunocytochemistry
Immunology & serology in laboratory medicine
Veterinary laboratory medicine : clinical pathology
"This project integrates scientific ocean drilling data and research (DSDP-ODP-IODPANDRILL) with education"--
Clinical laboratory science
Microbiology : a laboratory manual
Validation and qualificaton in analytical labratories
Biotechnology : a laboratory course
Laboratory manual for the examination of water, waste water, and soil
The Relation Between miR-18 and HSF2 Expression During Mouse Embryogenesis
Validation of a non-competitive immunofluorescent sandwich assay : human osteocalcin in urine
Advanced diagnostic methods in pathology : principles, practice, and protocols
Henry's clinical diagnosis and management by laboratory methods
Clinical chemistry : laboratory manual
Point-of-care testing
Veterinary clinical laboratory procedures
Chemometrics : applications of mathematics and statistics to laboratory systems
Laboratory diagnostics of dyslipidemia : from cholesterol to apolipoproteins
A practical guide to taking blood
Cell biology : a laboratory handbook. Vol. 4
Clinical investigation and statistics in laboratory medicine
General zoology : laboratory guide
"The context for understanding global climate change today lies in the records of Earth's past. This is demonstrated by decades of paleoclimate research by scientists in organizations such as the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program (IODP), the Antarctic Geological Drilling Program (ANDRILL), and many others. The purpose of this book is to put key data and published case studies of past climate change at your fingertips, so that you can experience the nature of paleoclimate reconstruction. Using foundational geologic concepts you will explore a wide variety of topics in this book, including:  marine sediments, age determination, stable isotope paleoclimate proxies, Cenozoic climate change, climate cycles, polar climates, and abrupt warming and cooling events. You will evaluate published scientific data, practice developing and testing hypotheses, and infer the broader implications of scientific results. It is our philosophy that addressing how we know is as important as addressing what we know about past climate change. Making climate change science accessible is the goal of this book.Readership:   earth science students at a variety of levels studying paleoclimatology, oceanography, Quaternary science, or earth-system science"--
Phlebotomy handbook : blood specimen collection from basic to advanced
Laboratory manual microbiology fundamentals: a clinical approach
Three of the most common bacteria causing food poisoning in Finland
"Illustrated laboratory manual that provides an overview of current standard microbiological culture methods for the examination of food and water, adhered to by renowned international organizations, such as ISO, AOAC, APHA, FDA and FSIS/USDA. The didactic setup and the visualization of procedures in step-by-step schemes allow student and practitioner to quickly perceive and execute the procedure intended. Each chapter provides numerous methods for a certain examination, and also simple alternatives. Intended as a practical companion for researchers, analysts, technicians and teachers, and for laboratory education of (under)graduate students in food engineering and related disciplines"--Provided by publisher.
Handbook of diagnostic tests
Clinical chemistry : a laboratory perspective
Guideliness for quality management in soil and plant laboratories
Veterinary laboratory medicine : in practice
Practicals and laboratory work in geography
Manual of environmental analysis
Food microbiology and laboratory practice
Phlebotomy technician specialist : a practical guide to phlebotomy
Food analysis : theory and practice
Techniques for mycorrhizal research : methods in microbiology
Laboratory experience in psychology : a first term's work
Data Handling and Analysis
Comparison of plate and conical fillings in refining of bleached softwood and hardwood pulps
Graff's textbook of routine urinalysis and body fluids
Molecular cloning of the NFIL3 and GATA3 coding fragments to the pBluescriptRN3P plasmid vector / Elina Arojoki
Methods in comparative plant ecology : a laboratory manual
Veterinary laboratory medicine : clinical biochemistry and haematology
Samples : from the patient to the laboratory : the impact of preanalytical variables on the quality of laboratory results
Exercise testing and prescription lab manual
Identification of materials via physical properties, chemical tests and microscopy
Enzyme immunoassay and time-resolved immunofluorometric assay for glutathione transferase alpha compared
Tiivistelmä: Comparison of three different tests and Muller-Hinton agar related to the detection of MRSA and evaluation of MRSA crom agar in comparison with ORSIM agar and Staphylococcus agar.
Glencoe phlebotomy for health care personnel
Cell biology : a laboratory handbook. Vol. 2
Screening of Bacillus subtilis laccase exspression library for improved activity in Escherichia coli
Immunohistochemistry
Phlebotomy basics with other laboratory techniques
Review manual to Henry's clinical diagnosis and management
Expression, purification and crystallisation of human JAK3-JH1 domain
Veterinary laboratory medicine : interpretation & diagnosis
Handbook of laboratory diagnostic tests : with nursing implications
Field and laboratory exercises in animal behavior
Maintenance methods for ectomycorrhizal fungi
Manual for laboratory work in mammalian physiology
Effects of drugs on clinical laboratory tests
Full blood count instrumentation : quality control and quality assurance
Estimation and expression of measurement uncertainty in chemical analysis
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 6/2014 : gross and net calorific values in fuels
Cell biology : a laboratory handbook. Vol. 3
Laboratory experimentation in economics : six points of view
Basic clinical laboratory techniques
Clinical biochemistry : techniques and instrumentation
Proficiency test SYKE 8/2013 : radon in ground water
Cell biology : a laboratory handbook. Vol. 1
Chemicl principles in the laboratory
Testing a pilot wastewater treatment plant in laboratory scale
Lennette's laboratory diagnosis of viral infections
A laboratory guide in virology
Laboratory techniques in zoology
Paintings in the laboratory : scientific examination for art history and conservation
The fundamentals of scientific research : an introductory laboratory manual
Proficiency test SYKE 6/2013 : gross and net calorific fuels
Polyamines, heavy metals and Stevia rebaudiana Bertoni under in vitro : role of polyamines in combating heavy metal stress in Stevia rebaudiana Bertoni plants under in vitro condition
Basic techniques in clinical laboratory science
Clinical chemistry : fundamentals and laboratory techniques
Reconstructing Earth's climate history : inquiry-based exercises for lab and class
Prentice Hall handbook of laboratory & diagnostic tests : with nursing implications
Clinical diagnostic technology : the total testing process : volume 1: the preanalytical phase
Case studies in clinical laboratory science
Manual of basic techniques for a health laboratory
Proficiency test SYKE 2/2013 : Chlorophyll a, colour, conductivity, nutrients, pH and turbidity in natural waters
Diagnostics for tuberculosis : global demand and market potential
Veterinary laboratory medicine : interpretation and diagnosis
Fundamentals of general, organic, and biological chemistry. Laboratory manual
This classic resource offers the current, comprehensive coverage of immunology you need to stay on the cutting-edge of clinical laboratory science. It provides a solid foundation of knowledge and skills to take you from basic immunologic mechanisms and serologic concepts to the theory behind the procedures you'll perform in the lab, including automated techniques. It also explores the medical applications of clinical laboratory science, with information on disorders of infectious and immunologic origin, as well as topics such as transplantation and tumor immunology. Learning objectives, review questions, step-by-step procedures, and case studies help you master key concepts and prepare you to succeed in today's modern laboratory environment.
Naming Jack the Ripper : new crime scene evidence, a stunning forensic breakthrough, the killer revealed
Atlas of non-gynecologic cytology
Silent witnesses : a history of forensic science
Handbook of immunohistochemistry and in situ hybridization of human carcinomas : vol 1 molecular genetics; lung and breast carcinomas
Clinical immunology & serology : a laboratory perspective
Anatomy & physiology laboratory manual
Effects of disease on clinical laboratory tests
Heat shock factors have been found to regulate heat shock protein expression. Heat shock factor 2 has been found to be expressed in differentiation and developmental processes. The specific microRNA miR-18 has been reported to downregulate glucocorticoid receptor in the brain. miR-18 has been shown to negatively regulate HSF2 expression during mouse spermatogenesis. Object of this thesis was to study the expression of miR-18 and HSF2 during mouse embryogenesis. The importance was to find out when and where miR-18 and HSF2 are expressed in mouse embryo and whether miR-18 and HSF2 expression correlate during mouse embryogenesis.  The aim was to find out if the same correlation between miR-18 and HSF2 that has been found during mouse spermatogenesis also exists during mouse embryogenesis. The expression of miR-18 and HSF2 was studied in three male mouse embryos at six different time points. Used methods were PCR, in situ hybridization and immunohistochemistry. The results show miR-18 expression in the brain, other neuronal regions and limbs. Strongest miR-18 expression was detected at time points E10.5 and E11.5. HSF2 expression was detected in the whole embryo but the strongest expression was detected in the brain, other neuronal regions and limbs. HSF2 expression was detected at every studied time point, but the strongest expression was detected at time point E11.5. miR-18 and HSF2 were found to be expressed in the same areas in mouse embryo which indicates of correlation between miR-18 and HSF2 expression.
Report from A Joint SE-CCLS-Nordkem Seminar on What is the value of your test result? : Nova Park Hotels, S-741 71 Ar/Knivsta, Sweden, November 5-6 1992
Clinical chemistry : principles, procedures, correlations
Effusion Cytology is a practical manual in diagnosis and interpretation of body cavity fluid (BCF) specimens. This highly illustrated volume will provide handy information for residents, fellows, and general pathologists with a step-by-step guide to evaluation of BCF specimens with the specific goal of identification of malignancies. Use of ancillary techniques such as immunocytochemistry is discussed where appropriate. Special attention is given to the formulation of final cytologic reports of the diagnosis of difficult cases. --Book Jacket.
Research facilities of the future
An introduction to centrifugation
Phlebotomy simplified
Laboratory procedures for veterinary technicians
Conservation of cultural heritage, Surface protection for porous inorganic materials : laboratory test methods for the evaluation of the performance of water repellent products
Clinical laboratory immunology
Clinical hematology atlas
Clinical laboratory science : the basics and routine techniques
Biotechnology procedures and experiments handbook
Investigation, extension and implementation of the Proteios system
Success! in phlebotomy : a Q & A review
Identification of the most important human pathogenic streptococci in University Hospital of Wales
Automation of software testing in laboratory environment
Collection and handling of laboratory specimens : a practical guide
Point-of-care testing for managers and policymakers : from rapid testing to better outcomes
Microscale inorganic chemistry : a comprehensive laboratory experience
Physiological chemistry : laboratory directions
Elsevier's medical laboratory science examination review
Validation of chemical analytical methods
Understanding accreditation in laboratory medicine
Clinical chemistry : an illustrated outline
Clinical diagnosis & management by laboratory methods
Comparison of three different tests and Muller-Hinton agar related to the detection of MRSA and evaluation of MRSA crom agar in comparison with ORSIM agar and Staphylococcus agar
Handbook to laboratory best practices, training and facing challenges
This thesis concerns a laccase enzyme. The laccase encoding gene had been isolated from the Bacillus subtilis bacterium and mutated by error-prone PCR. The gene variants had also been combined with plasmids. The aim was to find a variant that would produce the most active laccase protein compared with the wild type. To find the best mutants, a DNA library was created and screened. The screening procedure was also optimized during the project.  The principle of the screening was that ABTS, which forms a green product when oxidized, was added to protein samples taken from the variants and the absorbances of the samples were measured. The colour was therefore dependent on the ability of the laccase to oxidize ABTS. The mutant proteins were compared with each other and with the protein produced by the wild type gene. Several promising mutants were found and forwarded to sequencing. Also the screening protocol was optimized.
Accurate results in the clinical laboratory : a guide to error detection and correction
Rapid laboratory diagnosis of mycobacterium tuberculosis
Microscale and miniscale organic chemistry laboratory experiments
Clinical laboratory chemistry
The complete textbook of phlebotomy
Clinical pathology
The science of laboratory diagnosis
