http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6752 causes
causes reasons
This wide-ranging survey of issues in intercultural language teaching and learning covers everything from core concepts to program evaluation, and advocates a fluid, responsive approach to teaching language that reflects its central role in fostering intercultural understanding. Includes coverage of theoretical issues defining language, culture, and communication, as well as practice-driven issues such as classroom interactions, technologies, programs, and language assessment Examines systematically the components of language teaching: language itself, meaning, culture, learning, communicating, and assessments, and puts them in social and cultural context Features numerous examples throughout, drawn from various languages,international contexts, and frameworks Incorporates a decade of in-depth research and detailed documentation from the authors' collaborative work with practicing teachers Provides a much-needed addition to the sparse literature on intercultural aspects of language education
Diversities and interculturality in textbooks : Finland as an example
Inflation in the ESCWA region : causes and effects
The makers of war
Juvenile delinquency : concepts and control
Abstract.
Going to war with Japan, 1937-1941
Root cause analysis : the core of problem solving and corrective action
Images of terror : what we can and can't know about terrorism
Causes of terrorism
Climate change : a very short introduction
The anatomy of violence : the biological roots of crime
Contribution of organic acids to the acidity of Finnish lakes
Catastrophe : Europe goes to war 1914
Causes of death
The origins of the war of 1914. Vol. 2, The crisis of July 1914 : from the Sarajevo outrage to the Austro-Hungarian general mobilization
The origins of the war of 1914. 1, European relations from the congress of Berlin to the eve of the Sarajevo murder
Ingrian immigration to Turku after 1990 : a case study in Turku
The war that ended peace : how Europe abandoned peace for the First World War
On consequentialist ethics
It's not you : 27 (wrong) reasons you're single
The First World War followed a period of sustained peace in Europe during which people talked with confidence of prosperity, progress and hope. But in 1914, Europe walked into a catastrophic conflict which killed millions of its men, bled its economies dry, shook empires and societies to pieces, and fatally undermined Europe's dominance of the world. It was a war which could have been avoided up to the last moment - so why did it happen? Beginning in the early nineteenth century, and ending with the assassination of Arch Duke Franz Ferdinand, award-winning historian Margaret MacMillan uncovers
The origins of the war of 1914. Vol. 1, European relations from the congress of Berlin to the eve of the Sarajevo murder
Stuttering : foundations and clinical applications
Postponing births : comparing reasons among women in St Petersburg, Estonia and Finland
What to do if you're burned out and blue : the essential guide to help you through depression
Causes of war : power and the roots of conflict
Cultures of peace: from words to deeds : the Espoo seminar proceedings 13-14 June 2003
Climate change : natural or man-made?
A low dishonest decade : the great powers, Eastern Europe, and the economic origins of World War II, 1930-1941
Poverty : explanations of social deprivation
The origins of the war of 1914. 3, The epilogue of the crisis of July 1914, the declarations of war and of neutrality
Stalin and the inevitable war : 1936-1941
Perinatal programming : early life determinants of adult health & disease
Looking beyond diplomats and generals, Neiberg shows that neither nationalist passions nor desires for revenge took Europe to war in 1914. Dance of the Furies gives voice to a generation who suddenly found themselves compelled to participate in a ghastly, protracted orgy of violence they never imagined would come to pass.
Intercultural language teaching and learning
The tail biting pig : nutritional and physiological approaches to understanding the behavior
Aggression and its causes : a biopsychosocial approach
Thirteen reasons why
Politics and war : European conflict from Philip II to Hitler
An economic analysis of marriage and divorce
An absorbtion analogue for the study of population migration = Absorbtioanalogia muuttoliikkeessä
The early sociology of health and illness. Vol. 3, Medical police, or The causes of diseases with the means of prevention : part 1
Premature deaths among illicit drug users : a follow-up study on treatment seeking clients in Finland
World poverty for dummies
Causes of delinquency
Invitation to terror : the expanding empire of the unknown
Taming anger : the Hellenic approach to the limitations of reason
Cow's milk protein and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus : [review article]
The onset of fertility transition in Ghana
What really causes schizophrenia
Internationalization challenges of Ethiopian SMEs
...Or not to be : a collection of suicide notes
Abolitionist politics and the coming of the Civil War
Hospital mortality of intensive care patients in Finland : insights into prognostic factors and measuring outcomes
USA’s market crashes of 1929 and 2008 : Comparison of events preceding the history’s greatest crashes
The imperiled union : essays on the background of the Civil War
The underlying causes of forest decline
Decisions for war, 1914-1917
The war puzzle revisited
The origins of the Second World War in Europe
Northern Ireland : a psychological analysis
Life at the bottom : the worldview that makes the underclass
The Internationalisation Process of Ostrobothnian SMEs through an Export Network
The Sage handbook of research in international education
Fixing global finance : how to curb financial crises in the 21st century
Before the deluge : public debt, inequality, and the intellectual origins of the French Revolution
The origins of the war of 1914. 3, The epilogue of the crisis of July 1914 : the declarations of war and of neutrality
Introduction to hospitality
Aaron and Ahmed
The causes of war
The foundations of civil war : revolution, social conflict and reaction in liberal Spain, 1916-1923
Mind, brain, and education in reading disorders
Human smoke : the beginnings of World War II, the end of civilization
The outbreak of the First World War : structure, politics, and decision-making
The French Revolution in global perspective
The bottom billion : why the poorest countries are failing and what can be done about it
The June 1967 war was a watershed in the history of the modern Middle East. In six days, the Israelis defeated the Arab armies of Egypt, Syria, and Jordan and seized large portions of territory including the West Bank, East Jerusalem, the Gaza Strip, the Sinai Peninsula, and the Golan Heights. With the hindsight of four decades and access to recently declassified documents, two veteran scholars of the Middle East bring together some of the most knowledgeable experts in their fields to reassess the origins of the war and its regional reverberations. Each chapter takes a different perspective from the vantage point of a different participant, those that actually took part in the war, and also the world powers, the United States, Soviet Union, Britain, and France, that played important roles behind the scenes. Their conclusions make for sober reading. At the heart of the story was the incompetence of the Egyptian high command under the leadership of Nasser and the rivalry between various Arab players who were deeply suspicious of each other, motives. Israel, on the other side, gained a resounding victory for which, despite previous assessments to the contrary, there was no master plan.
Surviving the new millennium : lessons from the Asian crisis
Rethinking the roots of terrorism
Global deforestation
National defense : a study of the origins, results and prevention of war
Drug epidemiology, interactions and pharmacogenetics : a post-mortem database study
Poverty, crime and punishment
Obstruction event severity in diagnostics of sleep apnea
Push and pull migration : a systems approach revisited in a contemporary context
A study of the causes of Finland's involvement in World War II at three separate times : November 1939, June 1941, September 1944.
Education for international understanding and sustainable futures : some findings of the first year of action in ENO Environment Online
Charasteristics of urban regions and all-cause mortality in working-age population : effects of social environment and interactions with individual unemployment
The origins of World War I
How to get pregnant
Understanding violence
Myths about suicide
Death : a survival guide : 100 ways we die and how to avoid them
It takes a genome : how a clash between our genes and modern life is making us sick
Parenting and psychopathology
The Second World War : a Marxist history
The roots of war and terror
The causes of the American Civil War
From crying baby to contented baby
Addictions
The coming of the Holocaust : from anti-semitism to genocide
Disability retirement : socioeconomic differences and health outcomes
The scourge of war : new extensions on an old problem
In the third quarter of 1998, Russia experienced what seemed a classical financial crisis, combining a currency crisis, a debt crisis and a banking crisis.The Russian crisis was also evidently connected with the earlier Asian crisis, and sent shock waves across global financial markets.Still, a closer look shows that the Russian crisis was mostly home made, typically caused by excessive public sector debt, and the mechanisms of crisis can not be understood without an understanding of the peculiarities of the Russian economic system, including demonetisation and insider ownership.Such factors also go a long way in explaining the emergence of Russia from the crisis.  Keywords: Russia - economic development and policies; financial crisis; global financial markets .
Dance of the furies : Europe and the outbreak of World War I
The origins of the war of 1914. 1, European relations from the Congress of Berlin to the eve of the Sarajevo murder
Handbook of depression : treatment, assessment, and research
Decisions for war 1914
In war's dark shadow : the Russians before the Great War
Stalin's war : a radical new theory of the origins of the Second World War
Britain and the origins of the First World War
The origins of the First World War
The origins of America's civil war
The economic causes of humanitarian emergencies
Cumulative effects of human developments on arctic wildlife
Selfish and prospective : theory and evidence of pocketbook voting
The 1967 Arab-Israeli war : origins and consequences
Unexpected consequences : why the things we trust fail
Germany and the causes of the First World War
Evidence-based climate science : data opposing CO2 emissions as the primary source of global warming
Advances in multiple sclerosis and experimental demyelinating diseases
Staying or leaving? : willingness and reasons of trainees to migrate after finishing their vocational education  in Kuopio (Finland) and Halle/Saale (Germany)
Von Ursachen sprechen : eine aitiologische Spurensuche = Telling origins : on the lookout for aetiology
Psychology of the Great War : the First World War and its origins
The origins of the war of 1914. 2, The crisis of July 1914 : From the Sarajevo outrage to the Austro-Hungarian general mobilization
Suicide and the unconscious
Reasons
Sports injuries : causes, diagnosis, treatment and prevention
The expedition : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
The challenge of change : military institutions and new realities, 1918-1941
Suicide : a study in sociology
The faces of terrorism : social and psychological dimensions
The report : a novel
The economics of financial turbulence : alternative theories of money and finance
Animal behaviour. Vol. 1, Causes and effects
Relationships between climate and winter cereal grain quality in Finland and their potential for forecasting
The obesity reality : a comprehensive approach to a growing problem
The origins of the first world war
August '39 : the last four weeks of peace in Europe
Lloyd George and the lost peace : from Versailles to Hitler, 1919-1940
Between location and a sense of place : observations regarding young people's migration alacrity in Northern Europe
Recent spatiotemporal changes and main determinants of aquatic macrophyte vegetation in large lakes in Finland
The war myth
Buda’s wagon : a brief history of the car bomb
A dynamic cascade model of the development of substance-use onset
Contemporary luxury perspectives : an investigation into motives for consumption of luxury goods in contemporary society
Human trafficking in Europe: character, causes and consequences
Crash and beyond : causes and consequences of the global financial crisis
Climate change : observed impacts on planet Earth
The origins of the war of 1914. 2, The crisis of July 1914 : from the Sarajevo outrage to the Austro-Hungarian general mobilization
Model prediction of frost tolerance as related to winter survival of wheat in Finnish field trials
From Versailles to Pearl Harbor : the origins of the Second World War in Europe and Asia
Mobility and migration choices : thresholds to crossing borders
The Civil War in American culture
Etiology of substance use disorder in children and adolescents : emerging findings from the Center for Education and Drug Abuse Research
Making friends with Hitler : Lord Londonderry and Britain's road to war
China and the origins of the Pacific war 1931-1941
Abstract: USA's market crashes of 1929 and 2008 : comparison of events preceding the history's greatest crashes. The objective of this research was to find out what were the differences between the events preceding market crashes of 1929 and 2008. The findings would serve the purpose of reminding everyone how these situations have developed until the impending crash and crisis. This should prove to be valuable help in the future when people are facing the same conditions again. The research's approach was a general historical view on the matter. Descriptive research methods were used to gather and analyze the data. Various sources from literature, articles, speeches, research papers and statistics databases were being used to compile the data. The research consists of macroeconomic theories, bubble theories, research data and conclusions. The results of the research were almost as expected. Not much had changed in 80 years in the financial sector's ability to not get drawn into self-caused crises. These events before the history's greatest crashes were different in their nature but contained all the same elements. Good future prospects combined with extraordinary profits because of financial innovation equalled an economic bubble. Many other aspects were the same also, such as lack of regulation. This means that more work should be done on the process of inflating bubbles in order to find ways to avoid the possible catastrophes caused by the bursting bubble. Professor Galbraith's words “As a protection against financial illusion or insanity, memory is far better than law.” held high importance in the research. It should be everyone's obligation to ponder and try to understand these financial aspects as they can cause great abundance, or great distress depending on what have been learned from the history. This research paper can be taken as a small step towards that goal and as a reminder of past.
Determinants of cognitive impairment in old age and their genetic architecture
The obesity code : unlocking the secrets of weight loss
Sick and tired : healing the illnesses doctors cannot cure
A world without Jews : the Nazi imagination from persecution to genocide
Collective reasons and intentions : a study of cooperation and collective intentionality
Mussolini and the origins of the Second World War, 1933-1940
British strategy and politics during the phony war : before the balloon went up
Type A behavior pattern revisited : long-term follow-up from the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease study
The outbreak of the First World War : who was responsible?
History of madness
This article provides an overview on the contemporary literature on the push and pull factors of international migration, particularly on that from countries in transition to advanced welfare states. The article stresses the importance of the economic factor in the country of destination. This suggests that pull factors are often more signifi cant than push factors, in contemporary international migration..
July Crisis : the world's descent into war, summer 1914
The early sociology of health and illness. Vol. 4, Medical police, or The causes of diseases with the means of prevention : part 2
The sleepwalkers : how Europe went to war in 1914
The sources of humanitarian emergencies
Global Education From a Teachers' Perspective
Critical incidents as a training tool for Finnish exchange students going to The United States
USA's market crashes of 1929 and 2008 : comparison of events preceding the history's greatest crashes
The origin of overweight
Home or school? - homeschool : a narrative study based on five homeschooling parents' stories
Reading development and dyslexia
The maladapted mind : classic readings in evolutionary psychopathology
The global food crisis, its causes and consequences
The causes and prevention of war
An improbable war? : the outbreak of World War I and European political culture before 1914
We present and test a theory of prospective and retrospective pocketbook voting. Focusing on two large reforms in Sweden, we establish a causal chain from policies to sizeable individual gains and losses and then to voting. The Social Democrats proposed budget cuts affecting parents with young children before the 1994 election, but made generous promises to the same group before the 1998 election. Since parents with older children were largely unaffected we use a differenceindifferences strategy for identification. We find clear evidence of prospective pocketbook voting. Voters respond to campaign promises but not to the later implementation of the reforms.
Criminal : the truth about why people do bad things
The financial crisis in Russia
The origins of the war of 1914. 3, The epilogue of the crisis of July 1914 : The declarations of war and of neutrality
International migration in Lithuania: causes, consequences, strategy
