http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p675 pets
pets
As part of the Ladybirds for Grown Ups Series, How it Works: The Dog pairs classic illustrations from Penguin's archive with hilarious satirical anecdotes about our reliable, loyal and loving furry companions.
Puppies, pussycats & other friends
Guinea pigs : complete care made easy-practical advice to caring for your Guinea pig
Kingsnakes : care and breeding in captivity
Therapy pets : the animal-human healing partnership
Sedric and the great pig rescue
The art of racing in the rain : a novel
Yuck's pet worm and Yuck's rotten joke
A family of guinea pigs
The allergy and asthma protective effects of farm environment and pet animals : the role of immunomodulation
Baby animals : fun finger trails!
Endoscopy of the gastrointestinal tract : when is it really indicated
Lizard care from A to Z : from anoles to zonosaurs
Traveling with dogs : by car, plane, and boat
Would you rather... shake like a dog or climb like a cat?
Turtles : keeping & breeding them in captivity
Ferret : everything you need to know about cool and unusual pets
Littlest pet shop : wait a second
All about your hamster
The proper care of turtles
Batpants and the vanishing elephant
The Great Grisby : two thousand years of exceptional dogs
The ostrich of Pudding Lane
The guide to owning a tortoise : selecting, identification, housing, feeding, breeding, hygiene, fully illustrated
Yip/tuck
Spider : everything you need to know about cool and unusual pets
The everything cat book : all you need to know about caring for your favorite feline freinds
Love your hamster
Breeding poison dart frogs
Examining the famously mysterious feline, How it Works: The Ladybird Book of The Cat is a hilarious and honest read for the cat person. As part of the Ladybirds for Grown Ups Series, How it Works: The Ladybird Book of The Cat pairs classic illustrations from Penguin's archive with hilarious satirical anecdotes about our aloof and furry companions.
When Captain Amazing feels he is getting too old to be a reliable superhero, he tries to hire a new sidekick, but his pets have different ideas / WorldCat.
Turtles as a new pet
Guide to owning a hamster : accommodations, feeding, breeding, exhibition, health care
Beginning with snakes
International Procurement in Pet Product Business
Hieronymus Betts and his unusual pets
The sims 3: pets :PS3
The snake : a guide to selection, housing, care, nutrition, health, breeding and species
Molly the goldfish fairy
The Cat Owner's Handbook
Care for your gerbil
Downton tabby
Living with a cockatiel
Catwatching
Practice-based perspective on technology acceptance : analyzing bioactive point of care testing
What pet should I get?
Simon is discovered in the Hong Kong docks in 1948 and smuggled on board the H.M.S Amethyst by a British sailor who takes pity on the malnourished kitten. The young cat quickly acclimates to his new water-borne home, establishing himself as the chief rat-catcher in residence while also winning the hearts of the entire crew. Then the Amethyst is ordered to sail up the Yangtze to take over the guarding of the British Embassy, and tragedy strikes as the ship comes under fire from Communist guns. Many of the crew are killed and Simon is among those who are seriously wounded. Luckily, with the help of the ship's doctor, the brave cat makes a full recovery and is soon spending time with the injured men in the sick bay, purring and keeping their spirits up. News of Simon's heroism spreads and he becomes famous world-wide but it is still a long journey back to England for both the crew and the plucky little cat known as 'Able Seacat Simon'.
Marley & me : life and love with the world's worst dog
The cuddly koala
Composition, digestibility and nutritive value of cereals for dogs
Cats and kittens
125 true stories of amazing pets : insipiring tales of animal friendship & four-legged heroes, plus crazy animal antics
If only they could talk
Twistrose Key
A cat called Norton : the true story of an extraordinary cat and his imperfect human
A friend for Christmas
Please don't torment Tootsie
The encyclopedia of animals : the care of exotic and domestic pets
Chinchillas
Hamster : a guide to selection, housing, care, nutrition, behaviour, health, breeding, species and colours
Starting up an Internet based pet accessories wholesale business
FERRETS IN YOUR HOME
My perfect pet
How it works. The dog
All about your gerbil
The girl with the dachshund tattoo
Living with a houserabbit
Dog Park Renovation Plan
Able seacat Simon
How to draw pets
The Kingfisher treasury of pet stories
The misadventures of Sweetie Pie
Fluffy strikes back : a P.U.R.S.T. adventure
Grumpy cat no-it-all : everything you need to know/No
Esophageal diseases : diagnostic and therapeutic approach
If Luka could have anything in the world for Christmas, it would be to see Buddy again, his red and grey mongrel with one floppy ear. But Buddy has been missing for months. Then again, sometimes, at Christmas time, wishes really do come true.
Eco dog : healthy living for your pet
Albert's raccoon
Lily and the octopus
Katie McGinty wants a pet
The great dog disaster
The magic of this novel is in the read, and we do not want to spoil it by giving away too many details. We can tell you that this is a story about that special someone: the one you trust, the one you can’t live without. For Ted Flask, that someone special is his aging companion Lily, who happens to be a dog. Lily and the Octopus reminds us how it feels to love fiercely, how difficult it can be to let go, and how the fight for those we love is the greatest fight of all.
Goodbye, pet & see you in heaven : a memoir of animals, love and loss
Dewey : there's a cat in the library
Junior pet care: turtles
Oscar :  the bionic cat
Sirius : the story of a little dog who changed the world
Do unto animals : a friendly guide to how animals live, and how we can make their lives better
Peter was a confirmed loner and cat hater, until he was given a small, grey (and impeccably handsome) kitten with folded ears by his then girlfriend. The girlfriend went but Norton stayed - in fact, he and Peter became inseparable. But, after learning how to love his cat, would Peter now learn how to love another human too?
The cat behavior answer book : practical insights & proven solutions for your feline questions
A step-by-step book about pet lizards
The rescue princesses : the golden shell
Monstar's perfect pet
Taming and training cockatiels
The owl who liked sitting on Caesar
Red-eyes and other leaf-frogs
Encyclopedia of the cat
Training your pet rabbit
Goldfish from beyond the grave
How it works. The cat
Small Animal Ophthalmology : self-assessment color review
My rescue dog rescued me : amazing true stories of adopted canine heroes
Dogs and puppies
The living and the dead in Winsford
All colour world of dogs
Geckos : keeping & breeding them in capitivity
A gift from Bob
WHITE'S TREE FROGS
How to speak dog : a guide to decoding dog language
The goodness of dogs : the human's guide to choosing, buying, training, feeding, living with and caring for you dog
Exotic pet handbook : a family guide to buying, caring for and breeding unusual pets
The cat mummy
Devoted : 38 extraordinary tales of love, loyality and life with dogs
Rats! : for today's pet owner from the publishers of Critters magazine
Woof! : playful pets
Axel Scheffler's flip flap pets
Three little monkeys
The drop
Haatchi & Little B : the inspiring true story of one boy and his dog
Neville Jacobs : I'm Marc's dog
Everything for a dog
Your cat : Helsinki
The Hamlyn family pet care encyclopedia : a practical guide to choosing and caring for your pets
Because of Winn-Dixie
Snakes as a new pet
The hamster book
Rainbow boas and neotropical tree boas
Snake : everything you need to know about cool and unusual pets
Going home
Lizards and snakes
Turtles of the world
The sheep-pig ; The invisible dog
Jessi-Cat : the cat that unlocked a boy's heart
Guide to owning a rabbit : housing, feeding, breeding, exhibition, health care
Jack and the giant spiderweb
Who stole the hamster?
Illustrated encyclopedia of caged & aviary birds : a comprehensive visual guide to pet birds of the world
The encyclopedia of the cat
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterical and fungal exposures
Lottie Potter wants an otter
Rabbits for dummies
Lizard : everything you need to know about cool and unusual pets
Keeping and breeding geckos
Leopard geckos : identification, care & breeding
