http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6766 filling agents
filling agents
Improvement of resource efficiency in deinked pulp mill
Functional fillers for plastics
Landfill gas : from environment to energy
Handbook of food, drug and cosmetic excipients
Working with paperclay and other additives
Rigid rod polymer fillers in acrylic denture and dental adhesive resin systems
Mechanical, operational, chemical approach to improve sheet uniformity of woodfree papers
Impact of mineral fillers on the properties of extruded wood-polypropylene composites
The effect of size and structure of filler particles on paper properties
Paper clay
Concise manual of cosmetic dermatologic surgery
Representative sampling of a pulp flow
The effects of filler on the properties of SCO paper
Combinations of titanium dioxide and fillers in paints
Fillers and pigments are used in paper manufacturing for low material expenses and to increase optical properties such as opacity and brightness. In this thesis effects of additives in thinprint grade papers were studied. The purpose was to get a clear view on how different individual filler pigments change the optical properties of both base paper and calandered paper. Based on the results further trial runs were made with additives that enhanced desirable properties in paper. In the second trial paper was made with 18 different mixes of fillers. Each mixture contained PCC and two other additives. Mixtures were in groups of four, where amount of PCC was kept constant and the quantity of the other two varied. Thesis contains a confidential part.
Injectable fillers in aesthetic medicine
Landfill of hazardous industrial wastes : a training manual
Ultraviolet light protection and weathering properties of wood-polypropylene composites
Improving the material efficiency of furnishes in papermaking by stratification and chemical modifications
Ceramic inlays for posterior use
Essentials of medical aesthetics : clinical and scientific skin care & rejuvenation
Studies on the adhesion between paper and low-density polyethylene: 3.The influence of fillers
Retention of fines and fillers during papermaking
On the analysis of ink content in recycled pulps
Quality of dental restorative materials : short and long term aspects
Adsorption of softwood-derived organic material onto various fillers during papermaking
Dental restorative materials : recent views
Brightness reduction of peroxide-bleached mechanical pulp and fillers in the wet end of a paper machine
Environmental impacts of traditional and innovative forest-based bioproducts
Effects of fillers on thinprint papers
On the refractive index contrast modification in paper and printing applications : studies with fillers and coating pigments
Botox, Dysport, Dermal fillers, and sclerotherapy
The blending ratio evaluation between two PCC pigments as a filler in SC paper
Thermoreactive polymer composite with high particulate filler content
The objective of this thesis was to compare the behaviour of different fillers used in low grammage printing papers. For this thesis the most important paper quality parameters were opacity, brightness and tensile and tear strengths. Also retention was studied. In the first part of the work the critical properties of paper affected by the fillers and the critical properties of low grammage printing papers and production process were studied. The properties and applications of used fillers were also explained. In the experimental part of the thesis two trials were made. The results were compared to old production results. This thesis work contains confidential part.
Pigments in low grammage papers
