http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6769 sweets
sweets
Christmas cooking with kids
Best of Christmas ideas
The story of chocolate
You are what you eat : food advertising, contemporary food consumption and life-style strategies
The complete adventures of Charlie and Mr Willy Wonka
Marshmallows for Martians
Cookie swap ; creative treats to share throuhout the year
Making artisan chocolates : flavor-infused chocolates, truffles, and confections
Life is sweet : [a collection of splendid old-fashioned confectionery]
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
First frost
Charlie and the chocolate factory
Favorite homemade cookies and candies
Jack and the jelly bean stalk
Encyclopedia of junk food and fast food
Chocolate : food of the gods
Grabbing attention with a live commercial in movie theatres : case Dumle
Vietnamese confectionery market analysis and entry plan : case: Candyking Finland Oy
Creative candy making
Adverse health effects of glycyrrhizic acid in licorice : a risk assessment
Chocolate and cocoa recipes ; Home made candy recipes
Christmas cookies and candies
The art of sugarcraft : chocolate
Cultural branding applied to design : a case of a finnish chocolate brand
Sweet seduction : chocolate truffles
Chocolate ecstasy : 75 of the most dangerous recipes ever
Candy
Professional French pastry series . Volume 3, petits fours, chocolate, frozen desserts, and sugar work
Sherbet and spice : the complete story of Turkish sweets and desserts
Co-creating an engaging brief for packaging development : case of a large confectionary company in Finland
Refined tastes : sugar, confectionery, and consumers in nineteenth-century America
The joy of vegan baking : the compassionate cooks' traditional treats and sinful sweets
Candy experiments
Christmas ideas
Lenôtre's ice creams and candies
The science of chocolate
The merry Christmas activity book
Cake pops by Bakerella : tips, tricks and recipes for more than 40 irresistible mini treats
Chocolate temptations
Schools as oral health promoters : evaluation of national sweet selling recommendation and oral health education material
Visions of sugarplums : a cookbook of cakes, cookies, candies & confections from all the countries that celebrate Christmas
The book of Christmas foods
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
Christmas at Rosie Hopkins' sweetshop
Tanoshii wagashi : little bites of Japanese delights
The objective of the thesis is to study how a live commercial can grab cinema audience's attention in a positive way. A live commercial done for Fazer's Dumle chocolates in January 2009 was studied. This was the first live commercial in Finnish movie theatres. Hence, recommendations for future live commercials are an important part of the research. The theoretical framework was based on literature about sales promotions, especially non-price promotions. The research method was qualitative. Data was collected mainly with thematic interviews. First, industry experts were interviewed on non-price promotions. Themes from the theoretical framework were applied to a local context. Second, the same industry experts and other stakeholders were interviewed with thematic interviews regarding the Dumle live commercial. Case study was applied to studying the live commercial case. Its documentation included also questionnaire responses from eight moviegoers, a press release and a promotion report on the case. The results indicated that a live commercial can grab cinema audience's attention in a positive way. Sampling was seen as a good addition to the live commercial. Important circumstances to take into consideration were identified and recommendations for future live commercials were made. The results were compared to an outside attention-value study made of the Dumle live commercial, and the attention-value study's results supported the findings of the thesis research. In conclusion, live commercials can be recommended as an inventive way to grab movie audience's attention to a brand, as long as the product is suitable for the target group and the circumstances are right.
Brittles, barks, & bonbons : delicious recipes for quick and easy candy
Crazy for cake pops : 50 all-new delicious and adorable creations
Chocolate lover's cookbook
Bouchon Bakery
Professional French pastry series. Volume 2, Creams, confections and finished desserts
The book of chocolate
Christmas sweets
The Christmas surprise
Welcome to Rosie Hopkins' sweet shop of dreams
Truffles and other chocolate confections
Industrial chocolate manufacture and use
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
Sweeteners : alternative
Real chocolate : over 50 inspiring recipes for chocolate indulgence
Developing sales and demand for Valrhona in Finland
Summary: Glycyrrhizic acid levels in liquorice confectionery.
Marshmallow madness! : dozens of puffalicious recipes
Grabbing attention with a live commercial in movie theatres  : Case Dumle
Professional baking
The chocolate therapist : a user's guide to the extraordinary health benefits of chocolate
Differences in the consumption of confectionery products in Russia, England and Finland from the perspective of marketing mix
Sweet invention : a history of dessert
Sweets : a history of temptation
Madame Pamplemousse and the enchanted sweet shop
Lenôtre's desserts and pastries
Chocolates and candies
The book of gifts from the pantry
The chocolate companion : a connoisseur's guide to the world's finest chocolates
Great little sweet treats : crafts from your kitchen
Chewing gum : the fortunes of taste
Gourmet garnishes : creative ways to dress up your food
Business communities : cooperation and conflict in the European confectionery sector
Effects of licorice extracts and extrusion variables on selected properties of licorice
Sweet eats for all : 250 decadent gluten-free, vegan recipes : from candy to cookies, puff pastries to petits fours
Desserts and pastries
Third Food Ingredients Symposium : 9th and 10th October, 1996... Tivoli, Cork : day 2 - Food ingredient functionality
Predicting shopping behaviour in sweets' industry
"A social, cultural, and-above all-culinary history of dessert, Sweet Invention explores the world's great dessert traditions, from ancient India to 21st-century Indiana. Each chapter begins with author Michael Krondl tasting and analyzing an icon of dessert, such as baklava from the Middle East or macarons from France, and then combines extensive scholarship with a lively writing style to spin an ancient tale of some of the world's favorite treats and their creators. From the sweet makers of Persia who gave us the first donuts to the sugar sculptors of Renaissance Italy whose creativity gave rise to the modern-day wedding cake, this authoritative read clears up numerous misconceptions about the origins of various desserts, while elucidating their social, political, religious-and even sexual-uses through the ages" -- Provided by publisher.
The elements of dessert
A passion for chocolate
Chocolates and confections : formula, theory, and technique for the artisan confectioner
The science of sugar confectionery
Chef Paul Prudhomme's seasoned America
Sugar : a global history
United States of cakes : tasty traditional american cakes, cookies, pies, and baked goods
Let's visit the sweet shop
Friedman's common-sense candy teacher
The Ghirardelli chocolate cookbook : recipes and history from America's premier chocolate maker
175 best babycakes® : cake pops recipes
Inside chocolate : the chocolate lover's guide to boxed chocolates
Sweets & treats
Belgian chocolates
Belgian chocolate : pralines, batons, desserts, biscuits.. : with recipes and a guide to the best addresses
Chocolate fantasies : 70 irresistible recipes to die for
Gifts from the kitchen
The comparison of Finnish and Chiness TV advertising on chocolate product
Chocolate, cocoa and confectionery : science and technology
The Christmas cookbook : recipes and treats for the festive season
