http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6760 goshawk
goshawk Accipiter gentilis
Using time-lapse video monitoring to study prey selection by breeding Goshawks Accipiter gentilis in Central Norway
Influence of prey availability on re-establishment of Goshawk Accipter gentilis nesting territories
H is for hawk
'In real life, goshawks resemble sparrowhawks the way leopards resemble housecats. Bigger, yes. But bulkier, bloodier, deadlier, scarier, and much, much harder to see. Birds of deep woodland, not gardens, they're the birdwatchers' dark grail.' As a child Helen Macdonald was determined to become a falconer. She learned the arcane terminology and read all the classic books, including T.H. White's tortured masterpiece, 'The Goshawk', which describes White's struggle to train a hawk as a spiritual contest. When her father dies and she is knocked sideways by grief, she becomes obsessed with the idea of training her own goshawk. She buys Mabel on a Scottish quayside and takes her home to Cambridge. This book is a record of a spiritual journey - an unflinchingly honest account of Macdonald's struggle with grief during the difficult process of the hawk's taming and her own untaming.
Effect of changing landscape structure on the predator-prey interaction between goshawk and grouse
Linking raptors and biodiversity : ecological rationale and conservation relevance
Larger broods in the Northern Goshawk Accipiter gentilis near urban areas in southern Finland
The Goshawk
Spatially explicit influences on Northern goshawk nesting habitat in the interior pacific northwest
Climate forcing on avian life history
The goshawk
Birds of prey and grouse in Finland : do avian predators limit or regulate their prey numbers?
Impact of common silvicultural treatments on nest tree accessibility for common buzzard Buteo buteo and goshawk Accipiter gentilis
Site-specific variation in partial brood loss in northern goshawks
H is for Hawk
The effects of habitat changes, conservation measures and interspecific interactions on forest-dwelling hawks
Reproduction and dispersal of goshawks in a variable environment
Assessing the diet of birds of prey : a comparison of prey items found in nests and images
Goshawk diet during the nestling period in farmland and forest-dominated areas in southern Norway
H Is for hawk
Metal levels of feathers in birds of various food chains in southern Finland
