http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6765 surface area
surface area
Muscle cross-sectional area and structural bone strength share genetic and environmental effects in older women
Recurrent selection for leaf area in Brassica rapa L.
Changes in a Knitted Fabric's Surface Properties Due to Enzyme Treatments
Forecasting probability distributions of forest yield allowing for Bayesian approach to management planning
Local extinction, colonisation and turnover rates of breeding birds in fragmented landscapes : differences between migratory guilds
Perspectives on variation in species richness : area, energy and habitat heterogeneity
On the shape of the cross-section of a tree stem : an empirical study of the geometry of mensurational methods
Genetic variation in functional and structural productivity determinants in poplar
Tropical forest canopy cover estimation using satellite imagery and airborne lidar reference data
The fusion of optical satellite imagery, strips of lidar data and field plots is a promising approach for the inventory of tropical forests. Airborne lidars also enable an accurate direct estimation of the forest canopy cover (CC), and thus a sample of lidar strips can be used as reference data for creating CC maps which are based on satellite images. In this study, our objective was to validate CC maps obtained from an ALOS AVNIR-2 satellite image wall-to-wall, against a lidar-based CC map of a tropical forest area located in Laos. The reference CC values which were needed for model training were obtained from a sample of four lidar strips. Zero-and-one inflated beta regression (ZOINBR) models were applied to link the spectral vegetation indices derived from the ALOS image with the lidar-based CC estimates. In addition, we compared ZOINBR and logistic regression models in the forest area estimation by using >20% CC as a forest definition. Using a total of 409 217 30 × 30 m population units as validation, our model showed a strong correlation between lidar-based CC and spectral satellite features (root mean square error = 12.8%, R2 = 0.82). In the forest area estimation, a direct classification using logistic regression provided better accuracy than the estimation of CC values as an intermediate step (kappa = 0.61 vs. 0.53). It is important to obtain sufficient training data from both ends of the CC range. The forest area estimation should be done before the CC estimation, rather than vice versa..
Evaluation of growth models used in the Swedish Forest Planning System Heureka
Specific needle area of Scots pine and its dependence on light conditions inside the canopy
Performance of the LAI-2000 plant canopy analyzer in estimating leaf area index of some Scots pine stands
Economic and ecological effects of diameter-limit and BDq management regimes: simulation results for northern hardwoods
Development of  Finnish peatland area and carbon storage 1950-2000
Housing wealth and mortality : a register linkage study of the Finnish population
Abstract.
Desperate measures : lenght, area ans volume
Tehcno textiles : revolutionary fabrics for fashion and design
Summary.
Ground-based estimation of leaf area index and vertical distribution of leaf area density in a Betula ermanii forest
Global forest land-use change 1990-2005
What a glorious day : searching for the luxurious linen look in contract residential interiors
Forest taxation, timber supply and economic efficiency
Environmental assessment of green chemicals : LCA of bio-based chemicals produced using biocatalysis
Fatal burns in Helsinki Burn Center
Methods and applications for improving parameter prediction models for stand structures in Finland
Alterations in growth and canopy architecture among dwarf, semidwarf and tall oat lines grown under northern conditions
The forest resources of the temperate zones : main finding of the UN-ECE/FAO 1990 Forest Resource Assessment
Reduced simple ratio better than NDVI for estimating LAI in Finnish pine and spruce stands
Area size and niche breadth at higher latitudes
Comparing Basal Area Diameter Distributions Estimated by Tree Species and for the Entire Stock in a Mixed Stand
Trends in ownership of Finnish forest land: fragmentation or consolidation?
Tools and rules. Construction and surface treatment
