http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6761 developmental psychology
developmental psychology
On the factor structure of Bühler-Hetzer's test battery
Biological and neuropsychological mechanisms : life-span developmental psychology
Social psychology of persuasion applied to human-agent interaction
Developmental science and the holistic approach
Flexibility in early verb use : evidence from a multiple-n diary study
The handbook of solitude : psychological perspectives on social isolation, social withdrawal, and being alone
First-year maternal employment and child development in the first 7 years
Brainstorm : the power and purpose of the teenage brain
The encyclopedia of adulthood and aging
Developmental psychology : cognitive, perceptuo-motor and neuropsychological perspectives
Developmental psychology for the helping professions : evidence-based practice in health and social care
Father loss : daughters discuss the man that got away
Age of opportunity : lessons from the new science of adolescence
Sensitive periods in development : interdisciplinary perspectives
Unscrambling the "average user" of Habbo Hotel
The development of children : study guide to Cole & Cole
Principles of developmental psychology
The conflict of equals : a constructionist view of personality development
Using psychology in the classroom
Advances in infancy research. 1
Comparative psychology of mental development
Brothers & sisters : myth and reality
Developmental psychology : an introduction
Adolescence and youth : Psychological development in a changing world
Reading development during elementary school years : evidence from eye movements
What is my baby thinking? : understanding babies and toddlers from 0-3 years
The developing person : through the life span
An intention-driven approach for usability-related requirements engineering : interaction design of innovative software products for consumer market.
Early childhood development and later outcome
The zones of proximal development in children's play
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
Child development
Towards modelling of human relationships : nonlinear dynamical systems in relationships
This reference work offers a comprehensive compilation of current psychological research related to the construct of solitude Explores numerous psychological perspectives on solitude, including those from developmental, neuropsychological, social, personality, and clinical psychology Examines different developmental periods across the lifespan, and across a broad range of contexts, including natural environments, college campuses, relationships, meditation, and cyberspace Includes contributions from the leading international experts in the field Covers concepts and theoretical approaches, empirical research, as well as clinical applications.
Cycles of contingency : developmental systems and evolution
In recent decades, the lives of people in their late teens and twenties have changed so dramatically that a new stage of life has developed. In an original paper published in 2000, Jeffrey Jensen Arnett identified this period, coining it "emerging adulthood," and he distinguished it from both the adolescence that precedes it and the young adulthood that comes in its wake. His new paradigm received a surge of scholarly attention after his first book on the topic launched the field, and both a flourishing society and journal developed to further expand this area of research. Studies and publications on emerging adulthood now abound, and the leading research has yet to be organized into a single handbook that covers the field. The Oxford Handbook of Emerging Adulthood is the first and only comprehensive compilation spanning the field of emerging adulthood. Expertly edited by Arnett, this Handbook is comprised of cutting-edge chapters written by leading scholars in developmental psychology. Topics include theoretical perspectives and structural influences in the field; cognitive development during emerging adulthood; family, friendship, and romantic relationships; sexual identity and orientation; education and work; leisure and media use; mental health; religious and political beliefs; positive development; and substance abuse and crime, to name a few. Sure to be the definitive resource for researchers, scholars, and students studying emerging adulthood, this Handbook will pave the way for new scholarship in this expanding area of inquiry and serve as an excellent resource for the wider field of developmental psychology.
The psychology of human development
Developmental systems theory : an integrative approach
Associations between personality traits and sleep quality and quantity among young adults
Children without permanent parents : research, practice, and policy
Theories of human development
Developmental psychology : an advanced textbook
Self processes and development
Influences of career concept changes in organisational and individual  career management practices
Handbook of adolescent psychology
Life-span development : frameworks, accounts and strategies
Social attitudes in a developmental perspective
Play : psychoanalytic perspectives, survival and human development
The collected works of L. S. Vygotsky. Vol. 5, Child psychology
Litter : the remains of our culture
Percepts, concepts and categories : the representation and processing of information
Development of functional asymmetries in young infants : a sensory-motor approach
Mental representation of events
The selfish society : how we all forgot to love one another and made money instead
Blackwell handbook of infant development
The genetic and environmental origins of learning abilities and disabilities in the early school years
The lifespan
The process of human development : a holistic life-span approach
Children
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
The absorbent mind
"Peer Groups and Children's Development" considers the experiences of school aged children with their peer groups and its implications for their social, personal and intellectual development. This book: focuses on the peer group experiences of children attending school in Western societies, from five years of age through to adolescence; considers peer groups in classrooms, friendships made within and outside of school, and the groups that children participate in for extra curricular activities; and, includes a final summary which brings together the significant implications for theory, policy and practice. This book is unique in that no other volume reviews and integrates literature relating to peer groups in both classroom and out of class settings. It addresses the research interests of psychologists and educationalists, as well as the practical concerns of teachers, parents, counselors, and policy makers.
Why they cry : understanding child development in the first year
Deprivation and development
Developmental psychology : a psychobiological approach
The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Childhood Social Development, Second Edition presents an authoritative and up-to-date overview of research and theory concerning a child's social development from pre-school age to the onset of adolescence. * Presents the most up-to-date research and theories on childhood social development * Features chapters by an international cast of leaders in their fields * Includes comprehensive coverage of a range of disciplinary perspectives * Offers all new chapters on children and the environment, cultural influences, history of childhood, interventions, and neuro-psychological perspectives * Represents an essential resource for students and researchers of childhood social development.
Theories of human development : a comparative approach
Early social cognition in three cultural contexts
The ghost in the machine
Psychology for social work : a comprehensive guide to human growth and development
Child psychology : a contemporary viewpoint
Both an individual's personality and well-being are important throughout their lives. This book explores the current research on links between personality and well-being, and indicates possible directions for future research. This collection brings together empirical studies which focus on personality predictors of well-being and social adjustment in key developmental stages: adolescence, middle adulthood and late adulthood, to conclude that although personality traits are linked to well-being their influence can vary throughout the stages of development. The wide variety of behaviours and outcomes in which personality variables are involved suggests that further research is needed into the influence and interaction of environmental factors with personality traits.
The design and analysis of longitudinal studies : their role in the measurement of change
Necessary but not sufficient : the respective roles of single and multiple influences on individual development
Empathy and its development
The way of men
Concepts and theories of human development
Building on the success of the 2003 Handbook of the Life Course, this second volume identifies future directions for life course research and policy. The introductory essay and the chapters that make up the five sections of this book, show consensus on strategic "next steps" in life course studies. These next steps are explored in detail in each section: Section I, on life course theory, provides fresh perspectives on well-established topics, including cohorts, life stages, and legal and regulatory contexts. It challenges life course scholars to move beyond common individualistic paradigms. Section II highlights changes in major institutional and organizational contexts of the life course. It draws on conceptual advances and recent empirical findings to identify promising avenues for research that illuminate the interplay between structure and agency. It examines trends in family, school, and workplace, as well as contexts that deserve heightened attention, including the military, the criminal justice system, and natural and man-made disaster. The remaining three sections consider advances and suggest strategic opportunities in the study of health and development throughout the life course. They explore methodological innovations, including qualitative and three-generational longitudinal research designs, causal analysis, growth curves, and the study of place. Finally, they show ways to build bridges between life course research and public policy.
The better beginnings, better futures project : findings from grade 3 to grade 9
Developmental psychology : from infancy to adulthood
Life-span cognitive development
Twin and triplet psychology : a professional guide to working with multiples ; edited by Audrey C. Sandbank
User involvement and entrepreneurial action
Developing play for the under 3s : the treasure basket and heuristic play
Handbook of the life course. Volume II
Bayley scales of infant and toddler development : käsikirja
Understanding child development
The enigma of childhood : the profound impact of the first years of life on adults as couples and parents
Early intervention : the essential readings
Development through life : a psychosocial approach
Deprivation-specific psychological patterns : effects of institutional deprivation
Social work and human development
Children and youth : psychosocial development
The nature of prosocial development : interdisciplinary theories and strategies
The handbook of child and adolescent clinical psychology : a contextual approach
Developmental psychology : childhood and adolescence
Six theories of child development : revised formulations and current issues
Problems of adolescence in the secondary school
Blackwell handbook of early childhood development
Historical readings in developmental psychology
Child development for child care and protection workers
The art of thinking clearly
Boarding school syndrome : the psychological trauma of the 'privileged' child
Understand child development
Emotion, aging, and health
The biology of love
Peer-impact diagnosis and therapy : a handbook for successful practice with adolescents
Comparing theories of child development
Motives in children's development : cultural-historical approaches
The role of movement patterns in development. Vol. 2, Epilogue and glossary
Foundations for self-awareness : an exploration through autism
Development and causality : neo-Piagetian perspectives
Facilitating infant and early childhood development
A dynamic cascade model of the development of substance-use onset
Human development : from conception through adolescence
Child psychology and development
The Oxford handbook of emerging adulthood
I remember me : mnemonic self-reference effects in preschool children
Brings together concise, accurate summaries of classic topics as well as the most recent thinking and research in new areas. - Covers a broad range of issues, from biological and physiological changes in the body to changes in cognition, personality, and social roles to applied areas such as psychotherapy, long-term care, and end-of-life issues. - Includes contributions from major researchers, theorists, and methodologists from the academic and clinical realms. - Essential for experts in the field and also for students in the social sciences and humanities coming to the subject for the first time.
The role of movement patterns in development. Vol. 1
The house of make-believe : children's play and the developing imagination
The intelligence paradox : why the intelligent choice isn't always the smart one
The psychology book
Effects of early social-emotional and relationship experience on the development of young orphanage children
Value development among Finnish schoolboys
Life-span developmental psychology. Dialectical perspectives on experimental research : 5th Life-span developmental psychology conference, West Virginia university, 1976
History and research in child development
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of childhood social development
An introduction to child development
User orientation through experience : a study of hobbyist knowing in product development
Supernanny : how to get the best from your children
Study guide to accompany Kathleen Stassen Berger's The developing person through the life span, seventh ed
Developmental psychology
Getting from me to we : how to help young childre fit in and make friends
CHILD PSYCHOLOGY
Cultural processes in child development
A general theory of emotions and social life
The child in the educative process
The child and reality : problems of genetic psychology
Human development in its social context : a collective exploration
Design-use relationships in sociotechnical change
Readings on the development of children
Peer groups and children's development
Human growth and development
Versions of care technology
Social and personality development
Team-client relationships and extreme programming
Psychology in minutes
Personal development all in one for dummies
The development of ambiguous figure perception
The growth of competence
The stages of life : personalities and patterns in human emotional development
Thorough. Accurate. Reliable. Engaging. These are just a few of the words used by adopters and reviewers of John Santrock's "Child Development." The new topically-organized fourteenth edition continues with Santrock's highly contemporary tone and focus, featuring over 1,000 new citations. The popular Connections theme shows students the different aspects of children's development to help them better understand the concepts. Used by hundreds of thousands of students over thirteen editions, Santrock's proven learning goals system provides a clear roadmap to course mastery.
Developing object concepts in infancy : an associative learning perspective
Life-span development and behavior. Vol. 2
Knowing children : experiments in conversation and cognition
"In the current monograph, we report on a series of eight studies in which we systematically assessed the social-cognitive skills of 1- to 3-year-old children in three diverse cultural settings. One group of children was from a Western, middle-class cultural setting in rural Canada and the other two groups were from traditional, small-scale cultural settings in rural Peru and India. In the first group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's most basic social-cognitive skills for understanding the intentions and attention of others: imitation, helping, gaze following, and communicative pointing. Children's performance in these tasks was mostly similar across cultural settings. In a second group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's skills in participating in interactive episodes of collaboration and joint attention.... In the final pair of studies, we assessed 2- to 3-year old children's skills within two symbolic system (pretense and pictorial)."--Abstract.
Developmental psychology and society
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
The developmental psychology of Jean Piaget
War in the nursery : theories of the child and mother
Life-span developmental psychology : perspectives on stress and coping
Theories of development : concepts and applications
Encyclopedia on early childhood development
Youth : the years from ten to sixteen
The language and thought of the child
Social and emotional challenges encountered in the beginning of school
Life-span development and behavior. Vol. 7
Innovative methods for studying lives in context
Developmental psychology : a topical approach
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of infant development. Volume 2, Applied and policy issues
Developmental psychology : a life-span approach
Adult sibling relationships
Why does our memory of our first birthday differ from our memory of our last birthday? What makes children with the same parents have different characters? At what age are children likely to become involved in cyberbullying? Developmental Psychology 1st edition provides a clear and lively coverage of the main topics and concepts required by the British Psychological Society (BPS). The book takes a broadly topical organisation addressing the social and cognitive strands of development, providing an intuitive pathway through the core topics, and a final section which focuses on the clinical and applied aspects of the subject The text has been pedagogically developed to encourage the reader to engage with empirical research as well as theory, to make links between different areas of development, and to recognise common themes.
Life-span human development
Development psychology
Developmental psychology : a reader
Living by wonder : writings on the imaginative life of childhood
Clobal negative self-evaluations in early adolescence
The contributors to this collection employ the analytic resources of cultural-historical theory to examine the relationship between childhood and children's development under different societal conditions. In particular they attend to relationships between development, emotions, motives and identities, and the social practices in which children and young people may be learners. These practices are knowledge-laden, imbued with cultural values and emotionally freighted by those who already act in them. The book first discusses the organising principles that underpin a cultural-historical understanding of motives, development and learning. The second section foregrounds children's lives to exemplify the implications of these ideas as they are played out - examining how children are positioned as learners in pre-school, primary school and play environments. The final section uses the core ideas to look at the implementation of policy aimed at enhancing children's engagement with opportunities for learning, by discussing motives in the organisations that shape children's development.
First drawings : genesis of visual thinking
"In this book Ronnie Solan traces the way that early psychic development from birth up to three years is reflected throughout our lifespan, including adulthood, couplehood and parenthood."--
Exercises in rethinking innateness : a handbook for connectionist simulations
Best practices in quantitative methods for developmentalists
Socioemotional development and health from adolescence to adulthood
Reclaiming childhood : letting children be children in our achievement-oriented society
Marital conflict and children's externalizing behavior : interactions between parasympathetic and sympathetic nervous system activity
Personality and well-being across the life-span
Developmental psychobiology : an interdisciplinary science
Studies in cognitive growth : a collaboration at the Center for cognitive studies
The handbook of lifespan communication
The encyclopaedic dictionary of psychology
Observing children with attachment difficulties in preschool settings : a tool for identifying and supporting emotional and social difficulties
