http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6763 perspective
perspective
Sacred geometry : philosophy and practice
Gombrich on art and psychology / edited by Richard Woodfield
Space in landscape
The heritage of Giotto's geometry : art and science on the eve of the scientific revolution
Koncepcje przestrzeni w sztuce wspolczesnej = Concepts of space in contemporary art / katalog opracowala Dorota Folga-Januszewska
The birth and rebirth of pictorial space
Learn to draw 3-D
Vanishing point : the perspective drawings of J. M. W. Turner / Andrea Fredericksen
Perspective for artists : the practice and theory of perspective as applied to pictures, with a section ..
Foundations of art and design
A short history of the shadow / Victor I. Stoichita
Looking at Chinese landscape painting : tradition of spatial representation / Minna Törmä
Architecture in perspective 8 : a competitive exhibition of architectural delineation
Principles of three-dimensional computer animation : modeling, rendering, and animating with 3D computer graphics
Perspective : depth & distance
Art & geometry : a study in space intuitions
The psychology of perspective and renaissance art / Michael Kubovy
Thames and Hudson's Escher interactive : exploring the art of the infinite
The renaissance rediscovery of linear perspective
Drawing visual illusions : how to have fun creating masterpieces of deception
Architectural representation and the perspective hinge
Perstective : depth & distance
The paintings of Pieter Jansz. Saenredam (1597-1665) : conservation and technique / edited by J. R. J. van Asperen de Boer and Liesbeth M. Helmus
Pastels unleashed
Vanishing point : perspective for comics from the ground up
Landscape perspective drawing
Art fundamentals : color, light, composition, anatomy, perspective and depth
The psychology of perspective and Renaissance art
Impossible heights : skyscrapers, flight, and the master builder
The geometry of an art : the history of the mathematical theory of perspective from Alberti to Monge
Natural perspective
What is scenography?
The treatise on perspective : published and unpublished / edited by Lyle Massey
Ray's top tips for watercolour artists
Looking through Duchamp's door : art and perspective in the work of Duchamp, Sugimoto, Jeff Wall
Draw perspective
Language of vision
Teach yourself perspective drawing
The architectural drawing course : understanding the principles and master the practices
Perspective sketching : freehand and digital drawing techniques for artists & designers
Drawing made easy 3 : perspective
The gaze in the mirror of art -- Marcel Duchamp : glass and keyhole -- Hiroshi Sugimoto : time's mirror -- Jeff Wall : the staging of the gaze.
Anamorphic art
Drawing and designing with confidence : a step-by-step guide
Vanishing points : three dimensional perspective in art and history
The power of perspective: points of view in King Lear and A thousand acres
Perspective for painters
Perspective in the visual culture of classical antiquity
Perspective : an essential guide featuring basic principles, advanced techniques, and practical applications
The art of optical illusions
A review of literature on perspective constructions from the Renaissance through the 18th century that covers 175 authors, emphasizing Peiro della Francesca, Guidobaldo del Monte, Simon Stevin, Brook Taylor, and Johann Heinrich.
Perspective Without Pain. Vol. 2  / part 1, Curves and Inclines
Linear perspective is a science that represents objects in space upon a plane, projecting them from a point of view. This concept was known in classical antiquity. In this book, Rocco Sinisgalli investigates theories of linear perspective in the classical era. Departing from the received understanding of perspective in the ancient world, he argues that ancient theories of perspective were primarily based on the study of objects in mirrors, rather than the study of optics and the workings of the human eye. In support of this argument, Sinisgalli analyzes, and offers new insights into, some of the key classical texts on this topic, including Euclid's De speculis, Lucretius' De rerum natura, Vitruvius' De architectura, and Ptolemy's De opticis. Key concepts throughout the book are clarified and enhanced by detailed illustrations.
The complete guide to perspective
Perspective : a guide for artists, architects and designers
On painting
Photographic composition : a visual guide
How to draw : drawing and sketching objects and environments from your imagination
Interior design visual presentation : a guide to graphics, models and presentation techniques
Introduction to drawing : practical easy steps to great artwork
The origin of perspective / Hubert Damisch ; translated by John Goodman
"Anamorphosis in Early Modern Literature" explores the prevalence of anamorphic perspective in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries in England. Jen Boyle investigates how anamorphic media flourished in early modern England as an interactive technology and mode of affect in public interactive art, city and garden design, and as a theory and figure in literature, political theory and natural and experimental philosophy. Anamorphic mediation, Boyle brings to light, provided Milton, Margaret Cavendish, and Daniel Defoe, among others, with a powerful techno-imaginary for traversing through projective, virtual experience. Drawing on extensive archival research related to the genre of 'practical perspective' in early modern Europe, Boyle offers a scholarly consideration of anamorphic perspective (its technical means, performances, and embodied practices) as an interactive aesthetics and cultural imaginary. Ultimately, Boyle demonstrates how perspective media inflected a diverse set of knowledges and performances related to embodiment, affect, and collective consciousness.
Perspective
Perspective as symbolic form
Architektur: Perspektiven = Architecture drawings
The perspectivist
Creative perspective : for artists and designers
The new drawing on the right side of the brain
"The Renaissance is perceived to be a secular movement, the majority of artworks were from ecclesiastical commissions. Because of the nature of basilica-plan churches, a parishioner's view was directed by diminishing parallel lines formed by walls of the structure. Appearing to converge upon a mutual point, this resulted in an artistic phenomenon known as the vanishing point"--Provided by publisher.
Perspective as symbolic form / Erwin Panofsky
Painterly perspective and piety : religious uses of the vanishing point, from the 15th to the 18th century
Perspective drawing handbook
Sketching basics : one point perspective
Architectural drawing
Perspective without pain. Vol. 1 / part 1, The Basics
Architectural graphics
Piranesi : early architectural fantasies : a catalogue raisonné of the etschings / Andrew Robinson
Creating mood & special effects : tips for improving your photographic techniques
Draw better : learn to draw with confidence
The artist's guide to perspective
The mirror, the window, and the telescope : how Renaissance linear perspective changed our vision of the universe
Simplifying perspective : a step-by-step guide for artists
Composition and perspective
Creative perspective for artists and designers
Perspective made easy
The crossing of the visible
The poetics of perspective
The literary works of Leonardo da Vinci
Envisioning architecture : an analysis of drawing
Creative perspective
Turner as professor : the artist and linear perspective : Tate Gallery, London, 7 October 1992 - 31 January 1993 / Maurice Davies
Drawing  : a contemporary approach
Drawing & perceiving : real-world drawing for students of architecture and design
Hidden images : games of preception, anamorphic art, illusion from the Renaissance to the present
Architecture in perspective : a five year retrospective of award winning illustration
Drawing mentor. 1-3, Drawing materials, Lines and shapes, Perspective and 3-D shapes, and A brief history of the pencil and the people who shaped it
Stakeholders' perspective on opportunities and challenges of medicines information to consumers in Finland
In this new book by Hans Belting, three essays are united by one theme—the persistence of perspective after its supposed demise in the hands of modernism. Belting addresses perspective in the works of Marcel Duchamp, Hiroshi Sugimoto and Jeff Wall, in the process opening up new approaches to their work. According to Belting, the door that Marcel Duchamp installed for his final masterpiece, “Etant Donnés” (which Belting tells us was inspired by a bout of seasickness on a trip to Buenos Aires) was a decisive touchstone for both Sugimoto and Wall in their formative years, and he demonstrates how they have referenced its maker many times since. Belting's argument, embellished with many illustrations, makes for a thorough reassessment of perspective.---Publisher.
Linear perspective in the age of Galileo : Ludovico Cigoli's Prospettiva pratica
Studies in perspective
The inessential indexical : on the philosophical insignificance of perspective and the first person
Leonardo da Vinci : in his own words
Curvilinear perspective : from visual space to the constructed image
Perspective without pain
Anatomy, perspective and composition for the artist
The science of art : optical themes in western art from Brunelleschi to Seurat / Martin Kemp
Perspective : exhibition, symposium, screenings : [international media art and media history exhibition] : Mücsarnok Kunsthalle, Budapest, 30 June - 22 August 1999 = Perspektíva, kiállítás, szimpozion, vetítéssorozat : [nemzetközi mediamuveszeti es -törte
Eyes, lies and illusions : the art of deception : drawn from the Werner Nekes Collection : [Hayward Gallery, London, 7 October 2004 - 3 January 2005] / Laurent Mannoni, Werner Nekes, Marina Warner
The magic of illusion
The theory and practice of perspective
Basic perspective drawing : a visual approach
Anamorphosis in early modern literature : mediation and affect
The visual mind II / edited by Michele Emmer
Exploring pastel with Barry Watkin
Math and the Mona Lisa : the art and science of Leonardo da Vinci
Perspective for interior designers
The heritage of Apelles
The erotics of looking : early modern Netherlandish art / edited by Angela Vanhaelen and Bronwen Wilson
Bryan Peterson's understanding composition field guide : how to see and photograph images with impact
Giovanni Battista Piranesi : a critical study : with a list of his published works and detailed catalogues of the prisons and the views of Rome / by Arthur M. Hind
Professional architectural photography
Perspective : from basic to creative
Picturing space, displacing bodies : anamorphosis in early modern theories of perspective / Lyle Massey
Sketching for architecture + interior design
The origin of perspective
Leonardo on painting : an anthology of writings by Leonardo da Vinci with a selection of documents relating to his career as an artist
Interior design visual presentation : a guide to graphics, models, and presentation techniques
