http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6779 art reviews
art reviews
How a bed became a monster
Imagining a new society : public painting as politics in postwar Finland
Construction and expression in relief paintings
Breaking the spell of black and white
How to look at sculpture
From the 17th century to the computer age
Theatre criticism
The Gramophone classical good CD guide. 2003
From forest to furniture
The tradition of the new
Oscar Tusquet in 'art night'
A full-length portrait of Carl Larsson
Linear syllogisms
Models of perception
Artwriting
Beyond piety : critical essays on the visual arts, 1986-1993
King for the day
Painting and reality
Irony, humour and eroticism
How beautiful it is and how easily it can be broken : essays
A paradise on earth
The critics
The murmur of silence = Hiljaisuuden kuhina
Classicism and the seriousness of work
Looking back to the future : essays on art, life and death
Criticizing art : understanding the contemporary
The new art history
Eric Ravilious (1903-1942) is now firmly one of the most popular artists of his period. Eric Ravilious: Imagined Realities includes illustrations of many previously unpublished paintings, including a number from private collections, as well as surveying his other artistic activities. The text draws on many letters and other documents, again previously unpublished, and is the most comprehensive account of Ravilious's career ever published. It also attempts to position Ravilious in relation to English art of his time, and more recent critical and cultural issues.
The Gramophone classical good CD guide. 1999
Line and colour
A theater criticism/arts journalism primer : refereeing the muses
Much ado about "A nude, chocolate-smeared young woman". Strategies of persuasion in reviews of Karen Finley's performance piece 'We keep our victims ready'
Hans Hamid Rasmussen and Thomas Saenger
The Penguin guide to compact discs & DVDs : 2005/6 edition
Bård Breivik : a minimal and conceptual alliance
The end of the art world
Let's see : writings on art from the New Yorker
The home of the future
"Who am I"
Botero's rooms
Random equations
Women as interpreters of the visual arts, 1820-1979
Levels of materiality
This book brings together a comprehensive selection of Roger Fry's essays, from modern French art, to formalist aesthetic theory. The book examines the foundations of modern art criticism, the nature of art and the aesthetic experience.
Sam Gilliam's art integrates myths into the urban environment
The Gramophone good CD guide 1995
The focused image
Reviews : Andy Best
The head through Wall
The allure of danger : Markus Copper
Higher gossip : essays and criticism
Rauma's new museum arouses curiosity
Mortals saints and angels
A Danish trio in Finland : 'Play and Passion'
Sculptor of light
On criticism
Spoon or fork?
Gramophone : Vantaa
In my view : personal reflections on art by today's leading artists
Material continuity
Performing and visual arts : writing & reviewing
Walead Beshty : 33 texts : 93,614 words : 581,035 characters : selected writings (2003-2015)
Digital visual culture : theory and practice
Donald Duck strikes again
Painting is a visual phenemenon
The stony light
Gramophone : Helsinki
A Roger Fry reader
Cultural critic and writer, Michael Bracewell has written widely and increasingly on modern and contemporary art and has been a regular contributor to Frieze magazines since its inception. He has written extensively for museums and galleries on artists including Gilbert & George, Richard Hamilton, Bridget Riley, Wolfgang Tillmans, Anish Kapoor, Keith Coventry, John Stezaker, Glenn Brown and Damien Hirst. This collection of Bracewell's writing on art explores connections between the visual arts, pop music, modern iconography and sub-cultures, while appraising the vision and ideas of individual artists and the relation of their work to its broader cultural context.
Shaw on music : a selection from the music criticism of Bernard Shaw
The Chinese on the art of painting : translations and comments
Critical members in the family of art
BBC music magazine : the complete guide to classic music : e-lehti
Material and music - multiform encounter
Pattern colour shape
The happy hanging = Riemukasta ripustusta
Art and beyond : Finnish approaches to aesthetics
A Theater Criticism/Arts Journalism Primer: Refereeing the Muses examines the skill set associated with being a critic and arts journalist. It explores the history, evolution, and future of the profession in the United States, and carefully and purposefully dissects the preparation, observation, and writing process associated with generating thoughtful and interesting arts criticism. Using theatrical productions as the best and most vivid example of a storytelling enterprise that employs creativity, imagination, collaboration, aesthetics, and artisanship to effectively engage an audience, this book is intended to generate the critical thinking and critical writing skills necessary to effectively engage in all forms of arts journalism. It is designed to be used as a college-level textbook on theater criticism and arts journalism courses, for those looking to become more thoughtful, critical consumers, for casual critics thinking about starting a blog or working for their university newspaper, and for working critics hoping to improve their craft. The text is written in an accessible style and includes quotes from renowned critics and arts practitioners throughout as well as frequent sidebars that offer timely, insightful, and entertaining examples of the points being made in the text.
The self and reality
Site-writing : the architecture of art criticism
Knitting in plastic
Beyond recognition : representation, power, and culture
Art or bunk ?
Optical and kinetic interactions
Hannu Väisänen's contemporary art
From postwar to postmodern : art in Japan 1945-1989 : primary documents
Writing about visual art
Italian rationalism 1929-1940
Basic issues in aesthetics
A sense of pluralism in Irish three-dimensional expression
Flat lands of Ostrobothnia
The Gramophone classical good CD guide. 2002
A genre analysis of arts reviews in two British quality newspapers : text strategies and evaluation
Reviewing the arts
The basis of criticism in the arts
Serious music - and all that jazz! : an adventure in music criticism
Beyond modernism : essays on art from the '70s and '80s
The dismantling of reality
A place out of time
The art of appreciation
Aesthetics in practice : proceedings, XIIIth International congress of aesthetics, Lahti, Finland August 1-5 1995. 3, Practical aesthetics : in practice and theory
Art history's history
Private/public : CD-ROM for Macintosh
The path of life
Wild thoughts vs. wild words
The essance of art : Victorian advice on the practice of painting
Words about music : an anthology
The aesthete in the city : the philosophy and practice of American abstract painting in the 1980s
The dishwater overflows
The practice of theory : poststructuralism, cultural politics, and art history
Complex boundaries
Primitive forces rock the boat of modernism
Selected writings on art and literature
The aesthetic point of view : selected essays
Framing formalism : Riegl's work : essays
Learning to look at paintings
Albrecht Altdorfer : four centuries of criticism
Conservative echoes in Fin-de-siècle Parisian art criticism
Timo Heino : [Helsinki Art Museum, 13 September - 17 November 2013 = Helsingin Taidemuseo, 13.9. - 17.11.2013] / [editorial work = luettelon toimitus Mikko Oranen, Timo Heino]
The new and the known
Reconstructing the future
Confused? Design is
The story of modern art
Forms of representation in Alois Riegl's theory of art
Gramophone : Espoo
Living leather
Katie's picture show
Michael Bracewell : the space between : selected writings on art
A Picasso anthology : documents, criticism, reminiscences
Major critical essays : The quintessence of Ibsenism ; The perfect Wagnerite ; The sanity of art
"It's pretty bloody great!" : a structural analysis of classical music reviews
