http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6772 phenols
phenols
Microbial activities in boreal soils : biodegradation of organic contaminants at low temperature and ammonia oxidation
Fifth Finnish Conference of Environmental Sciences, Turku, May 18-19, 2001 : proceedings : the impacts of anthropogenic stress factors to the environment : the importance and role of humic substances in the environment : secondary plant metabolites : secondary or necessary?
Trends in oil discharged with aqueous effluents from oil refineries in europe
Sucrose, glucose, fructose, citric, malic, ascorbic (AA) and dehydroascorbic (DHAA) acids, total polyphenols (TP), radical scavenging activity (RSA), physicochemical and sensorial properties were determined on F. vesca Alpine (ALP) and Regina delle Valli (RDV) berries in relation to plant age and fertilisation treatment (Effective Microorganism Technology, EMT vs. traditional fertilization, TFT). ALP berries had a sum of AA and DHAA about 20% lower and TPs about 30% higher than RDV. Plant age affected most physicochemical parameters, sugars and organic acids, as well as sensorial appreciation, being them generally higher in berries produced in the second year. TPs were not affected by plant age. EMT produced an increase of 50%, 70% and 20% for TP, organic acids and RSA, respectively. Although changes in berry quality are expected with plant age, EMT cultivation of ALP should be preferred to the growth of RDV under TFT, to obtain fruits more valuable from the nutraceutical viewpoint.
Naturally occuring antitumourigens. 4, Carotenoids expect [beta]-carotene
Plant polyphenols : synthesis, properties, significance : Proceedings of the second North A>merican tannin conference on plant polyphenols ... held in June 17-21, 1991 in Houghton, Michigan
The total soluble phenolic compounds (TSPC) and antioxidant activity (AA) of 113 tetraploid wheat samples including cultivars, landraces, and wild accessions of different Triticum turgidum subspecies, were assessed to point out potential sources for cereal-based functional foods. TSPC ranged from 1.28 to 3.15 mg g-1 as ferulic acid equivalents and AA, assessed by 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl radical scavenging capacity test, ranged from 47.5% to 81.7%. Among cultivars of ssp. durum, the highest levels were observed in "Timilia" and "Svevo", while the ssp. dicoccoides showed the highest TSPC and AA among the accessions. The principal component analysis of data discriminated cultivars from wild accessions, and PC1 explained about 62% of variability. The TSPC were negatively correlated with thousand-kernel weight and grain yield per spike, while were positively correlated with AA, grain protein content, polyphenol oxidase activity, and brown index of whole meal and dough. The cultivar "Langdon"coupled high TSPC and low brownness.
Regulation of transcription of the phenol degradation pheBA operon in Pseudomonas putida
Effect of the temperature and the exclusion of UVB radiation on the phenolics and iridoids in Menyanthes trifoliata L. leaves in the subarctic
Life cycle responses of pre-exposed and reference groups of the non-biting midge (Chironomus riparius) to sediment-associated 2,4,5-trichlorophenol
Antioxidant activity of plant extracts containing phenolic compounds
Estimation of origin of lignin in humic dom by CuO-oxidation
Phenols in the surface water of Lake Ladoga
Phenolics in food and nutraceuticals
Ecological consequenses of plant hybridization in willows : inheritance patterns of secondary compounds and herbivore foraging behaviour
Phytochemical dictionary : a handbook of bioactive compounds from plants
Agronomic characteristics and phytochemical profiles of advanced June-bearing strawberry lines for the northern Canadian climate
Degradation of phenols in anaerobic digestion and the effects of phenols in residues on ammonium oxidation in soil
Controlled synthesis, curing and modification of phenol-formaldehyde resol resins
In this study cloudy juices from six apple cultivars: 'Alwa', 'Fiesta', 'Gloster', 'Golden Delicious', 'Mutsu' and 'Pinova' were characterized in respect of polyphenols content by UPLC, PME (pectin methylesterase) activity, color, viscosity, and stability of turbidity. Apple cultivar affected significantly the chemical, enzymatic and physical properties of juices. Total quantitated polyphenols ranged from 686.63 mg l-1 ('Gloster') to 988.63 mg l-1 ('Alwa'), and polymeric proanthocyanidins were a dominant group of these compounds. All of products contained also high content of phenolic acids, mainly chlorogenic. The thermal treatment of juices did not cause a complete inactivation of pectin methylesterase. Taking into account the % of residual enzyme activity, the pasteurization was more efficient in the case of 'Fiesta' and 'Pinova' juices (13% and 14% of the initial activity, respectively). Examined juices were characterized by low values of a stable turbidity (18.07-37.75%), despite relatively high viscosity (2.40-9.60 mPas).
Effect of phenolic-rich plant materials on protein and lipid oxidation reactions
Concentrations and among-compound correlations of individual phenolics in white birch leaves under air pollution stress
Fundamentals of organic chemistry
Polyphenols communications 2004
Plants and the human brain
Occurrence and metabolism of chlorophenolic wood preservative in the environment
Eleven advanced strawberry lines ("SJ011‑10", "SJ0440‑2", "SJ061‑8", "SJ066‑3", "SJ069‑3", "SJ069‑12", "SJ0814‑37", "SJ8518‑11", "K04‑12", "LL0220‑10" and "V151") were evaluated for their yield, fruit quality, total phenolic content, total antioxidant capacity, and phenolic composition, and were compared with a commercial cultivar ("Wendy"). The results showed that "SJ069‑3" had excellent soluble solids content, mid-level titratable acidity, low weight loss, and the best firmness among all the cultivars. Higher total antioxidant capacity was found in "SJ069‑3", according to ferric reducing antioxidant power and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays, an indication that "SJ069‑3" is a promising new cultivar for the fresh market. In addition to rich individual phenolics, "SJ061‑8" had the highest total antioxidant capacity, which was significantly different from the other genotypes, suggesting the potential use of this line as parent material in breeding or as a functional food ingredient. There was a strong relationship between total antioxidant capacity and total phenolic content, according to Folin-Ciocalteu, ferric reducing antioxidant power, and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays. This study confirms that anthocyanins are major phenolic compounds contributing to the main antioxidant power of strawberries.
Wood biochemicals for the protection of health : focus on hemicellulose. stilbenoids and lignans
Chlorinated phenolic compounds in coniferous needles : effects of metal and paper industry and incineration
Solar UV radiation and plant responses : assessing the methodological problems in research concerning stratospheric ozone depletion
Protein oxidation and protein-lipid interactions in different food models in the presence of berry phenolics
Release of plasminogen activator by natural humic acids and synthetic pehnolic polymers
Colour changes of fresh-cut leafy vegetables during storage
Summary: Larvae of Oporina autumnata. (Lepidoptera, Geometridae) were fed on intact birch leaves with (experimental group) and without (control group) previous mechanical damage of neighbouring leaves. The experimental group pupated slightly later than the control group. Leaves near the damaged leaf had, on average, a 9 % higher content of phenols...
Effect of substrate type on the field performance and chemical composition of highbush blueberry cv.Patriot
A study on 4-alkyl-and 4-(l-hydroxyalkyl)-substituted cyclohexa-2,5-dienones as intermediates in oxidative coupling of phenols
Analysis, isolation, and bioactivities of rapeseed phenolics
Impact of elevated O3 and CO2 concentrations on phenolic compounds of birch (Betula pendula Roth) : implications for herbivorous insects and detritivorous soil animals
Phenolic composition and antioxidant activity of selected apple genotypes
Chemical, enzymatic and physical characteristic of cloudy apple juices
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils : impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
Chlorophenol metabolism of a polychlorophenol degrader, Rhodococcus chlorophenolicus sp. nov
Investigations done at an old sawmill site found high levels of PCDD/F (Dioxin) contamination. As the area has been allocated as a residential development, remediation of the site has been started, which involves the excavation of contaminated soil and transporting it to landfill sites. The purpose of this work is to clarify the concept of dioxin contamination in soil and review different remediation techniques available for dioxin contaminated soil. A-Insinöörit requested a study that would assist the company in making decisions that will provide their customers with the best possible options in this regard. The study was based on a number of different researches done in Finland and Internationally on dioxin contamination and the different remediation techniques currently in use or in development. While landfilling is the most common and economical remediation solution in currently in use, Mecanochemical treatment was identified as the treatment with the most potential for the future and it's development needs to be followed closely. Landfilling is still the best option for the company at this time, but the fact that the soil contamination is just relocated and still present in landfills, means that a permanent treatment will still be required to eliminate the dangers associated with dioxin toxicity in future.
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils&#8212;impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
Impact of isolation method on the antioxidant activity of rapeseed meal phenolics
Does climate change influence the availability and quality of reindeer forage plants? : a review
Biosynthesis of food components
Demand for functional foods that offer therapeutic and disease-prevention properties is globally increasing. Barley presents an opportunity in this regard due to its high antioxidants and dietary fiber contents. Barley wholegrain and milling fractions were investigated in terms of phenolic acids composition, scavenging capacity against DPPH and ABTS radicals and inhibition of human LDL oxidation in vitro. Ferulic and p-coumaric were the primary phenolic acids in wholegrain and pearled fractions accounting for 43-97% and 2-55% of total phenolic acids, respectively. This wide range demonstrates significant differences among barley wholegrain or pearled products. Antioxidant capacities also varied significantly among barleys with the hulless cultivars tested exhibiting the greatest. The outer layers fraction showed higher scavenging capacity against ABTS and DPPH radicals and inhibitory effects toward LDL oxidation compared with the endosperm fractions. The results suggest that the outer layer and hull fractions would potentially provide promising sources of natural antioxidants.
Biological activity of plant phenolics with an emphasis on Pakistani plants used in traditional  health care
Red wines made from Croatian autochthonous varieties were analyzed for their basic chemical compounds, anthocyanin profiles, total polyphenol contents, monomeric index and antioxidative capacity. Results of analysed red wines showed that alcohol and glycerol content was highest in Plavac mali and Babic wine, while the biggest difference was noted in the shikimic acid content ranging from 5 to 21 mg/l. Wine with the highest shikimic acid content (Crljenak viski) had also the lowest total anthocyanin content. All tested wines showed high antioxidative capacity ranging from 14.3 to 39.2 mmol/l while the total polyphenol content was between 1403 and 3633 mg/l. Marked variation was noted in contents of individual anthocyanins, with malvidin-3-monoglucoside as major compound in all analysed wines. Monomeric index showed some differences between analysed wines in monomeric and polymeric anthocyanin contents ranging from 3 to 9. Our results indicate that anthocyanin profile differences might determine considerable variations in the colour and composition of red wines.
A study of the chelate forming reaction between some phenolic compounds and anions formed by Mo[sup VI], W[sup VI], V[sup V], Sn[sup IV] and B[sup III]
Determination of phenols in water by high performance liquid chromatography with a UV-detector
Betalains and phenolics in plant extracts, especially red beetroot (Beta vulgaris)
Effect of plant phenolics and protein and lipid oxidation in cooked pork meat patties
Identification and characterisation of hydroxylated PCB and PBDE metabolites in blood : congener specific synthesis and analysis
Studies on low-molecular phenolic constituents in conifer needles
The effect of fertilizers, mulch and land contours on young sea buckthorn cultivars in organic farming
Phenolic responses of mountain crowberry (Empetrum nigrum ssp. hermaphroditum) to global climate change are compound specific and depend on grazing by reindeer (Tarandus tarandus)
Discusses how plant-based chemicals affect and interact with the human brain and its evolution.
Proton and carbon-13 NMR spectroscopy of phenolics and determination from birch wood extract
Synthetic modification of the natural lignan hydroxymatairesinol
Handbook of plant ecophysiology techniques
Bioactive phenolic substances in fast-growing tree species
Content of total phenolic compounds and antioxidant capacity (FRAP) were investigated in the leaves of three sea buckthorn (Hippophaë  rhamnoides L.) cultivars: "Otradnaja", "Gibrid Pertjika" and "Ljubitelskaja", at different dates. In addition, major phenolic compounds (catechin, kaempferol, quercetin, epigallocatechin, kaempferol-3-O-glucoside, quercetin-3-O-galactoside, isorhamnetin-3-O-glucoside, rutin, gallic acid, procyanidin monomer glycoside, procyanidin dimer aglycone and hydrolyzable tannins I-III) were determined in "Ljubitelskaja". Antioxidant capacity and the content of total phenolic compounds fluctuated during April, May and June, and then increased until the end of July, when the highest values were observed. Total phenolic compounds were strongly correlated with FRAP. Levels were generally higher in "Ljubitelskaja" than in "Otradnaja" and "Gibrid Pertjika". In "Ljubitelskaja", hydrolyzable tannins I-III occurred in higher amounts than did any of the other studied phenolic compounds. The developmental stage of the leaves (harvesting date) had a strong influence on content of phenolic compounds and should be carefully considered when harvesting sea buckthorn leaves for different purposes.
Chemical ecology and phytochemistry of forest ecosystems
Chlorophyll degradation effected by lichen substances
Introduction to organic chemistry II
Effect on yield, total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanate content of two broccoli cultivars (Brassica oleraceae var italica) following the application of a commercial brown seaweed extract (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Plant ecophysiology
The search for biological activity in Finnish plant extracts containing phenolic compounds
Oxidation of organic compounds in water and waste water with the combination of hydrogen peroxide and UV radiation
Methods in polyphenol analysis
Enhancement of phenolic and flavonoid compounds in cabbage (Brassica oleraceae) following application of commercial seaweed extracts of the brown seaweed, (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Hydrogen bonded phenols as models for redox-active tyrosines in enzymes
Temporal variation and trade-offs in mountain birch leaf chemistry and resistance to herbivores
European bird cherry (Prunus padus Linneaus) : a biodiverse wild plant for horticulture
Distribution of certain phenolics in Salix species (Salicaceae)
Low molecular mass phenolics in foliage of Betula pubescens Ehrh. in relation to aerial pollution
Effects of mycorrhizas on the defensive chemistry in Scots pine seedlings
Hydrolysis and photolysis of brominated flame retardants and some traditional persistent organic pollutants : Reactivity as a tool in fate assessment of chemicals
Antioxidant capacity of human plasma and serum as affected by a single dose of a beverage rich in antioxidants : use of three different assay systems
Recent advances in polyphenol research. Vol. 1
Phenolic resins : chemistry, applications, standardization, safety and ecology
Morphological, nutraceutical and sensorial properties of cultivated Fragaria vesca L. berries: influence of genotype, plant age, fertilization treatment on the overall fruit quality
Effects of mulching and wounding on leaf phenolics, biomass and chlorophyll content in field-cultivated Salix myrsinifolia
Changes in content of major phenolic compounds during leaf development of sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides L.)
Allelopathic effects of bark phenols on epiphytic lichens
Phenolic compounds in berries
Veden laatu = Water quality. Osa 2 = Part 2, Vesikemialliset menetelmät, orgaaninen kemia = Chemical methods, organic chemistry
Synthesis of isoflavone conjugates
Anaerobic degradation of phenol and related aromatics
Population health after long-term chlorophenol exposure
Nitration of phenols substituted with carboncontaining groups
Polyphenols in food : proceedings of a European COST concerted action scientific workshop, Aberdeen, Scotland, 16 to 19 April 1997
Screening tertiary butylphenols, methylphenols, and long-chain alkylphenols in the Swedish environment
Berry phenolics: antimicrobial properties and mechanisms of action against severe human pathogens
Fruit phenolics
Hydrodeoxygenation of methyl heptanoate and phenol over sulphided supported NiMo and CoMo catalysts
Phenolic acids and antioxidant properties of barley wholegrain and pearling fractions
Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of an unfortified extract, of Ascophyllum nodosum on yield and nutritional quality of two broccoli cultivars ("Ironman" and "Red Admiral"). Total phenolic, total flavonoid, and total isothiocyanates content were higher in all seaweed treatments compared to the untreated control. In "Ironman" there was a 2.2 fold increase in total phenolic, 1.5 fold in total flavonoid and 2.6 fold in total isothiocyanates content, in the higher application rate compared to the control. Similarly in "Red Admiral", there was a 2.3 fold increase in total phenolic, 2.6 fold in total flavonoid and, 2.2 fold in total isothiocyanates content. There was a consistent effect on the increase of total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanates content, while there was no yield increase recorded at the lower seaweed application rate. Results suggest that application of seaweed extracts can significantly increase the amount of phytochemicals and improve the nutritional quality of broccoli.
Variability of total soluble phenolic compounds and antioxidant activity in a collection of tetraploid wheat
[Sup 13]C NMR, GPC and DSC studies on phenol formaldehyde resole resins
Abstract.
Laboratory experiments for organic and biochemistry
The yield and cultivation reliability of herbal willow
Antiadhesive molecules in milk and berries against respiratory pathogens
Effects of ellagitannin rich berries on blood lipid profiles, gut microbiota and metabolism of phenolic compounds in metabolic syndrome
Invertebrate fauna of Norway spruce (Picea abies) saplings and its connection with the nitrogen, sulphur and phenolics concentration of the needles
Ozonation of chlorophenols : study of kinetics and toxicity of reaction products to Daphnia magna
Anthocyanin profile and antioxidative capacity of some autochthonous Croatian red wines
Phenols in Lake Ladoga : microbiological aspect
Effects of bisphenol A and a phytosterols on the European polecat (mustela putorius) and the field vole (microtus agrestis)
Analysis of phenolic plant metabolites
Contamination and remediation of soils polluted with dioxins
Birch leaves as a resource for herbivores: damage induced increase in leaf phenols with trypsin-inhibiting effects
Treatment technology of wastewater containing phenols and phenolic compounds
Studies on retina-specific gene expression
Variation in willow (Salix myrsinifolia Salisb.) leaf phenolics in relation to Melampsora rust
Brassica crops are rich is phytochemical compounds and frequent consumption of these vegetables has been associated with a lower risk in cancer, heart disease, hypertension and stroke. The effect of three commercial extracts of the brown seaweed, Ascophyllum nodosum, on phytochemical content and yield in cabbage plants was tested under field conditions in two consecutive crops. Total phenolic content was higher in all seaweed treated plants, with the highest increase recorded with AlgaeGreenTM (3.5 l ha-1) with a 2 fold increase relative to the control. The other commercial seaweed extract, XT achieved a lower increases of 1.3 fold (3.5 l ha-1). Similar increases were recorded in total flavonoid content. No statistically significant increases in yield were recorded with any of the seaweed extracts tested. The results suggest that seaweed extracts stimulated an increased accumulation of phytochemicals in cabbage but had no significant effect in yield under these experimental conditions.
Synthesis, identification and analysis of dimeric impurities of chlorophenols
Protein-phenolic interaction of beta-lactoglobulin peptides and ellagitannins
Determination of soil organic matter fractions in afforested agricultural soils
