http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6778 art criticism
art criticism
Neural : hacktivism, e-music, new media art
The Bvrlington magazine : a centenary anthology
Goya's Caprichos : aesthetics, perception, and the body / Andrew Schulz
By way of art : criticisms of music, literature, painting, sculpture, and the dance
Art & today
Clement Greenberg : late writings / Clement Greenberg ; edited by Robert C. Morgan
Scandinavian painting and the French critics / Emily Braun
Weaving together his brilliant analyses of literature, art, and music with fearless insights on race, gender, and history. The result is an extraordinary, complex portrait of "white girls," as Als dubs them--an expansive but precise category that encompasses figures as diverse as Truman Capote and Louise Brooks, Malcolm X and Flannery O'Connor. In pieces that hairpin between critique and meditation, fiction and nonfiction, high culture and low, the theoretical and the deeply personal, Als presents a stunning portrait of a writer by way of his subjects, and an invaluable guide to the culture of our time.
Strangeness and beauty : an anthology of aesthetic criticism 1840-1910. 2, Pater to Arthur Symons
The viewer as poet : the Renaissance response to art
The unsung hero of the Russian avant-garde : the life and times of Nikolay Punin
Networks / edited by Lars Bang Larsen
Art historian, collector, museum director and broadcaster, Kenneth Clark was one of the leading cultural figures in Britain in the midtwentieth century. Accompanying a major exhibition, this book considers all aspects of his life and work, including his television career that climaxed in the landmark series 'Civilisation'. Particular emphasis is placed on Clark's support of, and influence upon, the art of his time. As director of the National Gallery he oversaw the relocation of the collection during the Second World War. He chaired the pioneering War Artists Advisory Committee, and persauded the government not to conscript artists - Henry Moore was one such artist who greatly benefited from Clark's support. After the war he resigned his directorship to concentrate on writing, in 1954 was co-founder of the broadcasting company that was to become ITV, and chaired the Arts Council from 1955 to 1960. A passionate advocate of art being made accessible to all, in 1969 Clark wrote and presented 'Civilisation' for the BBC, distilling the history of Western philosophy, culture and art into thirteen groundbreaking episodes. After a period of neglect, there is now considerable interest in Clark among academics, publishers and broadcasters. As well as providing new research and information on Clark, the book is a significant intervention into histories of modern British art.
Compression vs. expression : containing and explaining the world's art
The critical historians of art / Michael Podro
The hound in the left-hand corner
The Lamp of beauty : writings on art
Kenneth Clark : looking for civilisation
Take a closer look
Paul Klee : the nature of creation, works 1914-1940
Defining the Renaissance "Virtuosa" considers the language of art in relationship to the issues of gender difference through an examination of art criticism written between 1550 and 1800 on approximately forty women artists who were active in Renaissance Italy. Fredrika Jacobs demonstrates how these theoretical writings defined women artists, by linking artistic creation and biological procreation. Jacobs' study shows how deeply the biases of these early critics have inflected both subsequent reception of these Renaissance virtuose, as well as modern scholarship.
Major critical essays : The quintessence of Ibsenism ; The perfect Wagnerite ; The sanity of art
The state of art criticism / edited by James Elkins and Michael Newman
Stories of art
Clement Greenberg : a life
Words for pictures : seven papers on Renaissance art and criticism
Spaces for criticism : shifts in contemporary art discourses
Aesthetics and photography / Jonathan Friday
The spiritual language of art : medieval Christian themes in writings on art of the Italian Renaissance
The function of criticism : from the spectator to post-structuralism / Terry Eagleton
"Is art criticism losing ground, because of the Internet and art blogs? Do people still consider the authoritative art critic (in newspapers, magazines) as their most important source to decide and filter what they want to see, read and listen to? Most recent discussions revolve around the question 'what is art criticism?'; this book explores the question: 'Where is art criticism?'. It looks at new ways and new spaces where art critics might interact with the public, works of art, artists and scholars. This book suggests criticism has shifted to different places and different stages: a 'displacement', not only with regard to media (from journalism to blogs, catalogues, and such), but also a displacement in the geographical and institutional sense."--P. 4 of cover
Performing and visual arts : writing & reviewing
Redeeming art : critical reveries / by Donald Kuspit ; edited with an introduction by Mark Van Proyen
The contested autonomy of arts and journalism : change and continuity in the dual professionalism of cultural journalism
The Oxford history of western music
Theatrewritings
Clement Greenberg between the lines : including a previously unpublished debate with Clement Greenberg / Thierry de Duve
Beyond piety : critical essays on the visual arts, 1986-1993
History of Latvian art theory : definitions of art in the context of the prevailing ideas of time (1900-1940)
High art lite : the rise and fall of young British art
On criticism
In The Viewer as Poet, Norman Land provides the first comprehensive survey of ekphrasis in literature and art criticism from antiquity through the Renaissance. Land demonstrates more fully than anyone has so far, that Renaissance art criticism assimilated the poetic tradition of ekphrasis while maintaining its function of analyzing works of art. Broadly speaking, the book shows that purely literary descriptions of art in poetry and prose contain a response like that found in art-critical ekphrasis. This is true in both antiquity and the Renaissance. The response to art in the elder Philostratus's Imagines, for example, is like that found in the descriptions of Apuleius and Lucian. Later Dante, Boccaccio, and Poliziano, among others, respond to imaginary works of art in their poetry in much the same way that Lorenzo Ghiberti, Aretino, and Vasari respond to real works in their writings.
Selected writings on art and literature
Re-visions : new perspectives of  art criticism / edited by Howard Smagula
The formation of a legend : Van Gogh criticism, 1890-1920 / by Carol M. Zemel
The valiant knights of Daguerre : sel. critical essays on photography & profiles of photographic pioneers
An anatomy of musical criticism
Land offers for the first time a synthetic description of the Renaissance response to, or experience of, art as embodied in literature, including art criticism. This book will form the basis for a deeper understanding of Renaissance art than we have now, for it provides not only a tool for viewing works of art as they were originally seen and experienced - that is, from a historical perspective - but also an outline of the tradition out of which modern writings about art grew.
The critics
Art and psychoanalysis
Canvases and careers today : criticism and its markets
Pop art : a critical history / edited by: Steven Henry Madoff
Postminimalism into maximalism : American art 1966-1986 / by Robert Pincus-Witten
Celebrating creative consciousness : insights into Oscar Wilde's aesthetics
Saints, sinners, and sisters : gender and northern art in medieval and early modern Europe
The aesthete in the city : the philosophy and practice of American abstract painting in the 1980s / David Carrier
What happened to art criticism?
In(ter)discipline : new languages for criticism
Richard Bartholomew, the art critic
The interpretation of pictures / Mark Roskill
Object, image, inquiry : the art historian at work / Elizabeth Bakewell, William O. Beeman, Carol McMichale Reese ; Marilyn Smith, general ed.
Signifying art : essays on art after 1960 / Marjorie Welish
Eyesight alone : Clement Greenberg's modernism and the bureaucratization of the senses / Caroline A. Jones
Finnish summary.
Portraits : John Berger on artists
In(ter)discipline : new languages for criticism / edited by Gillian Beer, Malcolm Bowie, Beate Perrey
Rosalind Krauss and American philosophical art criticism : from formalism to beyond postmodernism / David Carrier
Fear of music : why people get Rothko but don't get Stockhausen
Bernard Berenson : formation and heritage
Manet's Le dejeuner sur l'herbe / edited by Paul Hayes Tucker
Better living through criticism : how to think about art, pleasure, beauty and truth
Peter Friedl : secret modernity : selected writings and interviews 1981-2009
Vital beauty : reclaiming aesthetics in the tangle of technology and nature
Site-writing : the architecture of art criticism
From postwar to postmodern : art in Japan 1945-1989 : primary documents
America as myth and reality : [the American effect : global perspectives on the United States : 1990-2003] / Raúl Zamudio
Essays in appreciation / Bernard Berenson
"Love him or hate him, admire him or revile him, there is no doubt that Clement Greenberg was the most influential critic of modern art in the second half of the twentieth century. His championing of abstract expressionist painters such as Jackson Pollock, Barnett Newman, Helen Frankenthaler, and David Smith put the United States on the international art map, and the intellectual power of his polemical essays helped bring about the midcentury shift in which New York replaced Paris as the art capital of the Western world." "Drawing on the diaries that Greenberg handed to her in 1993, the year before his death, as well as other unpublished materials (including interviews with him from 1988 to 1991 and also with artists, curators, and critics who knew him), Florence Rubenfeld compiled his life story, chronicling not just Greenberg's eclectic life but also his contribution to art criticism and the vibrant, chaotic art world of the 1950s and 1960s."--BOOK JACKET.
Looking in : the art of viewing / essays and afterword Mieke Bal, introduction Norman Bryson
Helene Schjerfbeck as a national artist genius / Marja-Terttu Kivirinta
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
The letters of Bernard Berenson and Isabella Stewart Gardner, 1887-1924, with correspondence by Mary Berenson
Philosophy and the arts : seeing and believing
Art criticism : a user's guide
Art and objecthood : essays and reviews / Michael Fried
Blasted allegories : an anthology of writings by contemporary artists / edited by: Brian Wallis ; foreword by: Marcia Tucker
The necessary theatre
The rescue of Romanticism : Walter Pater and John Ruskin
Strategies of institutional critique in recent American art : submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree doctor of philosophy
Beyond piety : critical essays on the visual arts 1986-1993 / Jeremy Gilbert-Rolfe
Beautiful untrue things : the art of contradiction in Oscar Wilde's The decay of lying
Strategies for survival - now! : a global perspective on ethnicity, body and breakdown of artistic systems
The Penguin book of art writing
This is about who we are / the collected writings of John Caldwell ; edited by Thea Westreich in consultation with John R. Lane
Rembrandt : portraits in print / Stephanie S. Dickey
Citas sarunas : raksti par makslu un kulturu = Different converations : writings on art and culture / Helena Demakova
The object of art : the theory of illusion in eighteenthcentury France
The death of the baroque and the rhetoric of good taste
Artwriting, nation, and cosmopolitanism in Britain : the 'Englishness' of English art theory since the eighteenth century
After the end of art : contemporary art and the pale of history / Arthur C. Danto
Adorno's aesthetics of critique
October
Kierkegaard's influence on literature, criticism and art
In the realm of the lotus : a conversation about art, beauty and the spiritual life
Blind spots : critical theory and the history of art in twentieth-century Germany
William Morris and Bloomsbury / Peter Stansky
Museum highlights : the writings of Andrea Fraser / Andrea Fraser ; edited by Alexander Alberro
Real world design : the foundation and practice of environmental aesthetics : aesthetics in practice XIII International Congress of Aesthetics Lahti Finland August 1 - 5 1995 : proceedings II / ed. Yrjö Sepänmaa
Practical aesthetics : in practice and theory : XIII International Congress of Aesthetics Lahti Finland August 1 - 5 1995 : proceedings III / ed. Martti Honkanen
Continental crosscurrents : British criticism and European art 1810-1910
The flower teachers : stories for a new generation
Painting's identity problem : a coming of age story
The trials of architectural criticism : media, mediation, and the critic / Naomi Stead
In this book, leading philosophers, anthropologists, political thinkers and artists take a closer look at what the idea of beauty can mean to their disciplines, in an effort to redefine what beauty is and what it means to design practice and art. The conception of beauty presented in Vital Beauty aims to draw a line under a century filled with excessive worship of the sublime in art and architecture. Vital beauty, in this book, is conceived as a form of beauty that is imperfect and impure. Over 150 years ago, British art critic John Ruskin came up with the concept and thereby liberated beauty from classical perfection and harmony. In this he acknowledged the fact that we live in a world of currents and forces and that these forces bring forth objects. Vital beauty might just be the ideal label for the combination of the vitality of material and information flows, and the beautiful mountains, clouds, books and edifices that they produce.
Compression vs. expression : containing and explaining the world's art / edited by John Onians
HUH? PFUI! YUCK! AHA! WOW! : the classics of Estonian contemporary art, [06.09 - 18.11.2012 at Tartu Art Museum : catalogue]
The writings of Marcel Duchamp / edited by Michel Sanouillet and Elmer Peterson
Théorie et critique = Theory and criticism = Teoria y critica 1 : Le rôle de la critique / AICA, Association internationale des critiques d'art = International association of art critics = Asociación internacional de criticos de arte
A letter to a young painter / Herbert Read
Plays, movies and critics
Bad new days : art, criticism, emergency
Art criticism since 1900 / edited by Malcolm Gee
Critical exchange : art criticism of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries in Russia and Western Europe
Baudelaire and the art of memory
The flow of art : essays and criticisms / Henry McBride ; edited by Daniel Catton Rich ; preface by Lincoln Kirstein ; with a new foreword Hilton Kramer
Winckelmann's 'Philosophy of Art' : a prelude to German classicism
The biennial reader
Unnatural wonders : essays from the gap between art and life / Arthur C. Danto
Design and crime : (and other diatribes)
Let's see : writings on art from the New Yorker
The mirror of art : critical studies / by Charles Baudelaire ; translated and edited with notes and illustrations by Jonathan Mayne
Reading photographs : an introduction the theory and meaning of images
Champfleury : meaning in the popular arts in nineteenth-century France
Plato - plutonium - Plutarch : trinity for contemporary plurality
Criticizing art : understanding the contemporary
Place and empodiment : XIII International Congress of Aesthetics [Lahti Finland] August 1 - 5 1995 : proceedings I / editors Pauli Tapani Karjalainen, Pauline von Bonsdorff
The gentle art of making enemies
The enigmatic body : essays on the arts
Keepers of culture : the art-thought of Kenyon Cox, Royal Cortissoz, and Frank Jewett Mather, Jr
Postmodernism and the en-gendering of Marcel Duchamp / Amelia Jones
The tradition of the new
Art of illusion : the representation of art history in nineteenth-century Germany and beyond
Museum highlights : the writings of Andrea Fraser
White girls
Making history : Wu Hung on contemporary art
Complete writings 1959-1975 : gallery reviews, book reviews, articles, letters to the editor, reports, statements, complaints / Donald Judd
The collected essays and criticism. Vol. 4, Modernism with a vengeance, 1957-1969
Foul perfection : essays and criticism / Mike Kelley ; edited by John C. Welchman
The painter of modern life and other essays
Comparative aesthetics : cultural identity : aesthetics in practice : selected contributions to the XIIIth International Congress of Aesthetics (Lahti, Finland, 1 - 5 August 1995) on the theme of comparative ... / guest editor: Sonja Servomaa
Art as therapy
The art of writing about art
The life & the work : art and biography / edited by Charles G. Salas
Art & Today is an innovative and extensive survey of international contemporary art from the 1980s to the present. Over four hundred of the most significant contemporary artists from around the world are represented in this comprehensive overview-some emerging, some mid-career, and others long established.
"Bad New Days looks back at the last twenty-five years of artistic practice in Western Europe and North America, positioning it in relation to a general condition of emergency that neoliberalism and the war of terror have brought with them. Foster argues that art has actually anticipated this condition, at times miming the collapse of the social contract, at other times resisting it, and at still other times exacerbating it critically. Against the assumption that art no longer heeds any model, he also offers several paradigms of practice over this period, which he terms "abject," "archival," "mimetic," and "precarious.""--
Selected writings
Rethinking art history : meditations on a coy science / Donald Preziosi
III Artishoki Biennaal = III Artishok Biennale : [Eesti Kaasaegse Kunsti Muuseum, 10. - 20. oktoober 2012 = The Museum of Contemporary Art of Estonia, 10-20 October 2012] / [kataloogi koostaja = editor of the catalogue: Liisa Kaljula] ; [kriitikud = critics: Indrek Grigor ... [et al.]]
Defining the Renaissance virtuosa : women artists and the language of art history and criticism
Permanent red : essays in seeing
Moonlight blues : artist's art criticism / by Peter Plagens
After criticism : new responses to art and performance / edited by Gavin Butt
The flow of art : essays and criticisms
Theoria : art, and the absence of grace / Peter Fuller
Conversations with Cézanne
The intelligence of art / Thomas E. Crow
Angelica Kauffman : art and sensibility / Angela Rosenthal
Museums of the Mind : Magritte`s Labyrinth and Other Essays in thr Arts
Avant-garde and criticism
Introducing philosophy of art : in eight case studies
Creating the "divine" artist from Dante to Michelangelo
Selected works
Reading American art
Eyesight alone : Clement Creenberg's modernism and the bureaucratization of the senses
Théorie et critique = Theory and criticism = Teoria y critica 2 : L'art de la performance / AICA, Association internationale des critiques d'art = International association of art critics = Asociación internacional de criticos de arte
Fringe and fortune : the role of critics in high and popular art
Looking in : the art of viewing
Clement Greenberg between the lines : including a previously unpublished debate with Clement Greenberg
Summary: A major new book from one of the world leading writers and art critics. One of the world most celebrated art writers, John Berger takes us through centuries of art in this distinctive history that will enlighten and inspire. In Portraits, Berger connects art and history in revolutionary ways, from the prehistoric paintings of the Chauvet caves to Randa Mdah work about contemporary Palestine. In his penetrating and singular prose, Berger presents entirely new ways of thinking about art history, and artists both canonized and obscure,from Rembrandt, to Henry Moore, Jackson Pollock to Picasso. Throughout, Berger maintains the essential connection between politics, art and the wider study of culture. A beautifully illustrated walk through many centuries of visual culture from one of the contemporary world most incisive critical voices.
Alter ego : the critical writings of Michel Leiris
Writing architecture : fantômas, fragments, fictions : an architectural journey through the 20th century / Roger Connah
Critical mess : art critics on the state of their practice
M/E/A/N/I/N/G : an anthology of artists'  writings, theory, and criticism
All of a sudden : things that matter in contemporary art
Stopping the process? : contemporary views on art and exhibitions
