http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6781 envy
envy
Mistress of the storm
Nancy Drew : green with envy
Polly's running away book
The crow road
THE ROLE OF ENVY IN CUSTOMER PURCHASING CHOICE WITH A FOCUS ON FASHION INDUSTRY
Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs
The book of human skin
The island
Sloth
Sisters and brothers
Master passions : emotion, narrative, and the development of culture
The dinner
White boots
George is jealous
Envy, competition and gender : theory, clinical applications and group work
Unicorn thinks he's pretty great
A thousand acres
Rock on : a story of guitars, gigs, girls, and a brother (not necessarily in that order)
Justifying emotions : pride and jealousy
The English roses
Young Jonathan Joestar's life is forever changed when his father takes in orphan Dio Brando, who derives pleasure from seeing others suffer, and an intense rivalry begins.
The luxe
Mini Mia and her darling uncle
Buster's bone
Keeping up with the Joneses : envy in American consumer society, 1890-1930
Sibling rivalry : seven simple solutions
Night of the living dummy
Envy as a retarding force in science
Jojo's bizarre adventure. Part 1, Phantom blood. 02
The deepest poison : a clockwork dagger story
Jojo's bizarre adventure. Part 1, Phantom blood. [01]
Nancy Drew : seeing green
Sibling identity and relationships : sisters and brothers
Envy and the Greeks : a study of human behaviour
Big brother
The vine of desire : a novel
The stepsisters' story
Death by envy : the evil eye and envy in the Christian tradition
Fatal attraction
Too small for honey cake
Sibling rivalry, sibling love : what every brother and sister needs their parents to know
Scary book. Volume 3 : Faces
Envy : a theory of social behaviour
The pearl
Chamelia and the new kid in class
Delia's crossing
The last word according to Alex
My brother Dan's delicious : Love the Baby
The vanishers
Red cat, blue cat
Envy : a survey of its psychology and history
Ebb's new friend
Envy and gratitude : and other works 1946-1963
The cuckoo's calling
Cinderella and her sisters : the envied and the envying
Delia's heart
Envy turns to admiration and finally to friendship for Goat and Unicorn / WorldCat.
The psychology of jealousy and envy
The new baby
The lie
Scary book. Volume 1, Reflections
Dandy Gilver and the unpleasantness in the ballroom
No! says Olly Bear
The happy owls
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
After she's gone
The effect of living backwards
Death on the Nile
Envy and gratitude revisited
The English roses. Book 4 : A rose by any other name
Envy and jealousy in classical Athens : a socio-psychological approach
Dear Mr. M
Shame and jealousy : the hidden turmoils
Sivu's six wishes ; a Taoist tale
Envy : theory and research
