http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6780 Indus culture
Indus culture
Deciphering the Indus script : methods and select interpretations : keynote address delivered at the 25th Annual South Asia Conference University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisconsin, 18-20 October 1996
The most ancient East : the Oriental prelude to European prehistory
Deciphering the Indus script
Indus script : a linguistic-economic interpretation. 4
The inscriptions of the Indus Civilization
From Indus to Sanskrit. Part two
Excavations at the Harappan site of Allahdino. 2, The lithic industry
The decline and fall of the Indus civilization
The birth of Indian cicilization : India and Pakistan before 500 B.C
A peaceful realm : the rise and fall of the Indus civilization
Further progress in the Indus script decipherment
Seal impressions on the clay tags from Lothal : a re-analysis
Linguistics, archaeology and the human past ; archeology of the Ghaggar Basin ; settlement archaeology of Meham Block, Rohtak, Haryana, India
The Penguin book of lost worlds. Volume one : Egypt, Mesopotamia and the Indus
The decipherment of the Indus script. S. R. Rao
A Sumerian motif in late Indus seals
The ancient Indus : urbanism, economy, and society
Indus script and language : a pictorial dictionary. Part 2-3, Images, Meanings
The first great civilizations : life in Mesopotamia, the Indus valley and Egypt
Our oriental heritage : being a history of civilization in Egypt ..
Corpus of Indus seals and inscriptions. 3, New material, untraced objects, and collections outside India and Pakistan, part 1: Mohenjo-daro and Harappa
Indus pictorial metaphors : annexures
Mohenjo-Daro and the Indus civilization
Lothal and the Indus civilization
Corpus of texts in the Indus script
The discovery of Indus
The origin of our belief in God
South Asian languages : structure, convergence and diglossia
Indus script deciphered
Jatki-Dravidian concordance : Proto-Indus linguistic-economic area
Indus script and language : a pictorial dictionary. Part 1, Sounds
Ancient Indian architecture : (from blossom to bloom)
Dravidian and the Indus script : on the interpretation of some pivotal signs
Indus script : a linguistic-economic interpretation. 5
Indus script : a linguistic-economic interpretation. 3
The rise of civilization in India and Pakistan
Vimana aircraft of ancient India and Atlantis
Seals of the Greater Indus Valley
Taxila : an illustrated account of archaeological excavations carried out at Taxila under the orders of the Government of India between the Years 1913 and 1934
The ethical message of Indus pictorial script
Echoes of Indus Valley
Indus script : a linguistic-economic interpretation. 1
Prehistoric civilization of the Indus valley
Materials for the study of the Indus script. 1, A concordance to the Indus inscriptions
Connections and complexity : new approaches to the archaeology of South Asia
The Indus civilization
Indus pictorial metaphors
Forgotten cities on the Indus : early civilization in Pakistan from the 8th to the 2nd millennium BC
The Roots of ancient India : the archaeology of early Indian civilization
Corpus of Indus seals and inscriptions. 1, Collections in India
Encounters, the westerly trade of the Harappa civilization
Language education and culture
Indus images and script
Five thousand years of Pakistan : an archaeological outline
A concordance to the texts in the Indus script
Excavation at Surkotada 1971-72 and exploration in Kutch
Grammata Indica : or Indus science and civilization: a comparative Indic dictionary of cultural history
Rethinking craft specialization in complex societies : archaeological analyses of the social meaning of production
Sealed secrets of the Indus : the enigmatic writing [of] a forgotten civilization
The birth of Indian civilization : India and Pakistan before 500 B.C
Indus symbols and script design
The wonder that was India : a survey of the history and culture of the Indian sub-continent before the coming of the Muslims
Indus script and language : images and meanings
Civilizations of the Indus Valley and beyond
Corpus of Indus seals and inscriptions. 2, Collections in Pakistan
Indus Valley painted pottery : a comparative study of the designs on the painted wares of the Harappa culture
Archaeological surveys in the Zhob and Loralai districts, West Pakistan
A  paper trail to India's ancient splendour
The cosmic man and the tree of language : a contribution to the deciphering of the Indus script and the anthropology of the ancient orient
The archaeology of Indus crafts : Indus craftspeople and why we study them
The seed Indus rock of Karnataka
Study of the Indus script
Early India and Pakistan to Ashoka
The architecture of Mohenjo-Daro
The Indus saga and the making of Pakistan
The Aryan debate
Studies in the history of Indian philosophy : an anthology of articles by scholars eastern and western. Vol. 1
The Indus civilization : a contemporary perspective
Vedic-Indus nexus and script : an economic chronicle. 6
'Hind leg' + 'fish' : towards further  understanding of the Indus script
From Indus to Sanskrit. Part three
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
Indus age : the beginnings
New light on the most ancient East : the oriental Prelude to european Prehistory
Deciphering the Indus script : basic methodology and some sample interpretations
Finding forgotten cities : how the Indus civilization was discovered
India and Sanskrit as deciphered in the Indus script
Archæological Congress and Seminar : 1972 : papers presented at the VI Annual Congress of the Indian Archæological Society and the Seminar on "The Late Harappan and Other Chalcolithic Cultures of India : A Study in Inter-relationship" held at Kurukshetra from the 19th to 21st Nov., 1972
New light on the most ancient East : the oriental prelude to european prehistory
New light on the most ancient East
From Indus to Sanskrit. Part one
Linguistics, archaeology and the human past
Beyond the Tigris and Euphrates : Bronze Age civilizations
Excavation at Bhagwanpura 1975-76 and other explorations & excavations 1975-81 in Haryana, Jammu & Kashmir and Punjab
Early Indus civilizations
Proto-Indus property and number words : a linguistic-economic interpretation
A new perspective to the language of Indus script
Indus numismatics : a concordance of Proto-Indus symbols and devices on ancient coins
Indus metrology, currency and script : an economic chronicle. 4
India from Indus Valley civilisation to Mauryas
Indian erotics of the oldest period
Comments on the incised stone axe found in Tamil Nadu in 2006 and the claim that it contains an inscription in the classical Indus script
The first great civilizations : life in Mesopotamia, the Indus valley, and Egypt
A study of the Harappan pottery, in comparison with the pre-Harappan and the post-Harappan ceramic industries of the Indian Sub-continent
Linguistic archaeology of South Asia
Indus script : a linguistic-economic interpretation. 2
Agastya, mana, the Proto-Indus measurer : a linguistic-economic interpretation
On the structural reading and the evolution of the Indus script
Pushto-Dravidian affinities : Proto-Indus linguistic-economic area
