http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6784 winter
winter
Travelling on the Ice over the Gulf of Bothnia to Finland
Winter in Finland : a study in human geography
Joulumaa : talvella = Santa Claus Land : in winter = vintertid = im Winter
1998 10th PIARC International Winter Road Congress, 16-19 March in Luleå, Sweden : technical report. Volume 2, Topic 2: Ice and snow control methods
Peat extraction runoff water purification in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatlands in a cold climate
Snow is my favourite and my best
Wolf winter
A perfect day
Model course on navigation in polar waters : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140106)
The ice factor
Are you sure Mother Bear?
Mouse guard : Winter 1152
Perilous passage on the ice
Abstract.
Laurel & Hardy Christmas special
Dead of winter : a crossroads game
Russia and the olympic movement : a study of Russian national identity as described in the newspaper Sovetskij Sport during the winter olympic games of 1988, 1992, 1994, and in the future winter olympic games of 2014
Climate change and the risks of Neodiprion sertifer outbreaks on Scots pine
Winter story
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
After the snow
Snow bear
1998 10th PIARC International Winter Road Congress, 16-19 March in Luleå, Sweden : technical report. Volume 3, Topic 3: Special winter road problems in urban areas. - Topic 4: Maintenance information and other support systems for winter road management. - Topic 5: Interaction between people, road and vehicles
Fort of Jungfruskär 1939 - 1999.
Some features of winter climate in Northern Fennoscandia
The snow whale
Tiger in the snow!
A New York winter's tale
Snow bears
Accident risks of car drivers in wintertime traffic
Light boxes : a novel
The Snowman
Pest status and incidence of the honey bee tracheal mite in Finland
Winter ecology course, Kilpisjärvi 21-29 April 1997
What's coming for Christmas?
Ski mountaineering and snowshoeing
Let's go home, Little Bear
Moomin and the winter snow
One snowy night
The best snowman
Winter wishes
A meal in winter
The snowy day
Pooh's Christmas adventure
A little bit of winter
The runaway sleigh ride
Urbanization and stability of a bird community in winter
The complete book of the flower fairies
Berry goes to Winterland
Consequences of forest landscape changes on the availability of winter pastures for reindeer (Rangifer tarandus tarandus) from 1953 to 2003 in Kuusamo, northeast Finland
Winter adventure : a complete guide to winter sports
Winter ecology course, Kilpisjärvi 20-29.4 1998
Study on frequent lines : differences in running and investment costs between an icebreaking cargo vessel and a vessel that needs icebreaker assistance
Love matters most
Bunny wishes
The silent girls
One crow alone
The Snow Tourist
Winter's tales : stories of winter from around the world / Lari Don ; illustrated by Francesca Greenwood
Snowpiercer. 2, The explorers
Drug treatment for winter depression
Winter mountaineering
Winter living : an inspirational guide to styling and decorating your home for winter
When the snow comes
Observations of solar wind related climate effects in the Northern Hemisphere winter
Biggest thing in the world
The winter garden : create a garden that shines through the forgotten season
Lets go home, Little Bear
Winter Tourism Product Development In Rovaniemi For Lapland Safaris
Icy pleasures : Minnesota celebrates winter
Happy Christmas baby
Pathfinder flip-mat : Winter forest
Not a lazy holiday : winter vacationers' satisfaction with Pajulahti Sports Institute
Once upon a northern night
Distribution and diel vertical migration of Eurasian perch (Perca fluviatilis L.) during winter
The snow queen
The four seasons : Antonio Vivaldi
The childcare practice of children’s daytime sleeping outdoors in the context of Northern Finnish winter
The snowman and the snowdog
Effect of weather and climatological background on snow damage of forests in Southern Finland in November 1991.
Psychrophilic basidiomycetes decomposing forest litter under winter conditions
Round Ireland in low gear
Life in the cold : an introduction to winter ecology
The vegetarian hearth : recipes and reflections for the cold season
The crow's tale : a Lenni Lenape native American legend
Summary.
Thousand years of winter surface air temperature variations in  Svalbard and northern Norway reconstructed from ice-core data
Mia Floppyear's snowy adventure
Jack Frost
Toot & Puddle : let it snow
The snow angel
White Eurocka
Kipper's snowy day
Snowpiercer 1 : the escape
Upea Suomen talvi = The wonderful Finnish winter = Der wunderbare finnische Winter
The Tomten
Children of the forest
Midwinter sacrifice
Carl's snowy afternoon
It's a very snowy day in the Hundred Acre Wood, and Pooh Bear realises that some of the other animals might be snowed in to their houses. With the help of Piglet, he determines to help all of the other animals clear the snow away and then it's time for a Little Something! After all that, there's just enough time for Christopher Robin to show them all how to make a snowman.
Accessibility Assessment of Exterior Areas in Karjaranta
Bioenergetics and nutrition of Mississippi Valley population Canada geese during winter and migration
Rabbits in the snow : a book of opposites
Princess Rosa's winter
Spot's snowy day
Beneath the neon egg
When will it be spring?
The winter dragon
The palace of the Snow Queen : winter travels in Lapland
Ecological impacts of in-stream restoration in salmonid rivers:the role of enhanced structural complexity
Nightingales under the mistletoe
Penguin's way
1998 10th PIARC International Winter Road Congress, 16-19 March in Luleå, Sweden : technical report. Volume 1, Topic 1A: Winter road maintenance policies: strategy. - Topic 1B: Winter road maintenance policies: organization
Tinyrannosaurus and the Bigfootosaurus!
Milly-Molly-Mandy's winter
Wonders of the winter landscape : schrubs and trees to brighten the cold-weather garden
Effects of winter feeding strategies with alternative feeds on the performance of mature suckler cows and their progeny
Italian shoes
The night before the night before christmas!
The snow wombat
This thesis studies the long-term relation between the solar wind driven energetic particle forcing into the atmosphere and the tropospheric circulation in the Northern Hemisphere winter. The work covers the period of more than one hundred years since the turn of the 20th century to present. The thesis makes a statistical analysis of satellite measurements of precipitating energetic electrons, sunspot number data and geomagnetic activity, and compares them with temperature and pressure measurements made at the Earth's surface.Recent results, both observational and from chemistry climate models, have indicated significant effects in the Earth's middle atmosphere due to the energetic electrons precipitating from the magnetosphere. These effects include the formation of reactive hydrogen and nitrogen oxides in the high latitude mesosphere and the depletion of ozone caused by them. Ozone is a radiatively active and important gas, which affects the thermal structure and dynamics of the middle atmosphere. Accordingly, the depletion of ozone can intensify the large scale stratospheric circulation pattern called the polar vortex. Winter weather conditions on the surface have been shown to be dependent on the polar vortex strength.This thesis shows that there is a significant relation between the average fluxes of medium energy (ten to hundred keVs) precipitating electrons and surface temperatures in parts of the Northern Hemisphere in winter time. Temperatures are positively correlated with electron fluxes in North Eurasia and negatively correlated in Greenland during the period 1980-2010 which is covered by direct satellite observations of precipitating particles. This difference is especially notable when major sudden stratospheric warmings and the quasi-biennial oscillation (QBO), which both are known to affect the polar vortex strength, are taken into account. When extended to the late 19th century, the analysis shows that a similar temperature pattern is predominated during the declining phase of the sunspot cycle. The high speed solar wind streams and energetic particle precipitation typically maximize also at the declining phase of the solar cycle. This specific temperature pattern is related to the variability of the northern annular mode (NAM), which is the most significant circulation pattern in the Northern Hemisphere winter. Before the space era, geomagnetic activity measured by ground observations can be used as a proxy for energetic particle precipitation. Earlier studies have found a significant positive correlation between geomagnetic activity and NAM since the 1960s. We find that, when the QBO measured at 30 hPa height is in the easterly phase, a positive correlation is extended to the beginning of 1900s. We also show that high geomagnetic activity causes a stronger effect in the Northern Hemisphere winter than high sunspot activity, especially in the Atlantic and Eurasia.A comprehensive knowledge of the Earth's climate system and all its drivers is crucial for the future projection of climate. Solar variability effects have been estimated to produce only a small factor to the global climate change. However, there is increasing evidence, including the results presented in this thesis, that the different forms of solar variability can have a substantial effect to regional and seasonal climate variability. With this new evidence, the solar wind related particle effects in the atmosphere are now gaining increasing attention. These effects will soon be included in the next coupled model inter comparison project (CMIP6) as an additional solar related climate effect. This emphasizes the relevance of this thesis.
Raven child and the Snow Witch
Lettice : the Ice Princess
The Snow Queen
Model prediction of frost tolerance as related to winter survival of wheat in Finnish field trials
Snowflake in my pocket
Beautiful, brilliant Dr Gina Solomon is one of a handful of scientists stationed on a remote island off the Arctic Circle. Out conducting research in the last days before winter wraps the area in months-long darkness, she witnesses a plane crash over the Bering Sea, and rescues a survivor from the wreckage. With a snowstorm stranding them unexpectedly, it's at least twenty-four hours before they return to the research station - and discover that all of the other scientists have been murdered. Whoever killed them is still on the island.
The art of hygge : how to bring Danish cosiness into your life
Winter's tale
A Redwall winter's tale
