http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6792 freight
freight
Abc of coastal cargo ships
Trampschiffahrt : Entwicklung - Bedeutung - Marktelemente = Tramp shipping : development - significance - market elements
Unit limitation of carriers liability : the Hague rules art. IV (5), a study in comparative maritime law
Transition from air freight to maritime shipments and hub model : export processes at Bayer Oy
Start your own freight brokerage business : your step-by-step guide to success
Business environment and future opportunities in Russian railway freight market
The law of demurrage
International carriage of goods by road : CMR
The carrier's unlimited liability in unimodal and multimodal transport
Energy use in the new millennium : trends in IEA countries
Blu code : Code of Practice for the Safe Loading and Unloading of Bulk Carriers (including Blu Manual)
European freight transport : modern logistics solutions for competitiveness and sustainability
Intermodal transport of granite from Southern Vietnam to Northern Europe : case: Sai Gon Cuu Long Logistics and Trading Company
Super cargo ships
Practical aviation security : predicting and preventing future threats
Freight forwarding in Russia-bound transportation
Freight transport modelling
Abstract (s. 4).
The international freight guide : the handbook for exporters, importers and forwarders
The future of intermodal freight transport : operations, design and policy
Freight estimates at DC Europe
Methodological framework for the Integrated Transport System in the Arab Mashreq (ITSAM-FRAMEWORK). Vol. 2, A policy-sensitive model for predicting international freight flows (trade)
Commentary on Texacovoy tanker Voyage c/o
Air Cargo Trailer Operations Between Finland And The Netherlands : Can Freight Frame Oy Enter The Competition?
International code for the safe carriage of grain in bulk : international grain code
European Groupage Network : case: DSV Daily Pallet
European sustainable freight : the role of contract law
A handy book for shipowners and masters
Freight Forwarding in the Chinese Market
Attractiveness of the Finnish rail transit route : case study: VR Group
Summary remarks (s. 41-43).
Airfreight market in the Baltic countries : current development and future demand
Efficient handling of steel products
In a global economy, no nation is self-sufficient. Few nations would be able to maintain their current or even adequate standard of living without international trade. The growing world trade has had a drastic effect on road transportation.  Road transportation has been growing steadily every year and along with it production costs have increased. Therefore demand for alternative transportation methods has risen. This bachelor  ́s thesis researches intermodal transportation as a cost-effective alternative for road transportation. Intermodal transportation is seen as a growing field in the land transportation industry. Traditionally, intermodal transportation has been seen as a complex and slow alternative. To challenge this argument, the study also focuses on the production capabilities of intermodal transportation. In the industry lowered production costs have always been the key factor, however environmentally sound transportation methods are becoming a trend and intermodal transportation is seen as the solution. The focus of this thesis is on a specific intermodal trade lane of Schenker AG, one of the leading logistics companies in the world. Schenker already has road transportation business in the trade lane running from Central Europe to Northern Spain, thus the current road volumes in the trade lane are known. This research presents how much the gross profit margin would increase in the trade lane  and what kind of savings would be made with the use of intermodal transportation. Results show that intermodal transportation is a viable alternative for pure road transportation. It is not only a more cost-effective way of producing, but also allegations of slow production times are denied.
The mariner's guide to dry time charterparties
Vietnamese logistics and transportation - a potential market for Finnish freight forwarding company : Oy Hacklin Logistics Ltd
Designing a sea freight e-tendering form for export purposes : Company X
Logistics management for import : a case studies to Kärkkäinen OY, Ylivieska-84100, Finland
Managing business transactions : controlling the cost of coordinating, communicating, and decision making
An integrated performance measurement system for the break bulk shipping eco-system in the Baltic sea
Impact of firm resources on the performance of 4PL Bulgarian companies on the international transportation and freight-forwarding service market
Optimising the export transport of healthcare measuring devices of a small company
The deadly life of logistics : mapping violence in global trade
The future of air and surface transport of goods between Finland and Central Europe
Freight cost calculation in the case company
The law of the carriage of goods by land, sea and air
Cities, regions and flows
Nicholls's Seamanship and nautical knowledge : for second mates', mates' and masters' examinations
CSS code : Code of safe practice for cargo stowage and securing
Abstract: This study was commissioned by Ewals Cargo Care, which transports cargo with Mega trailers in Europe using a number of intermodal solutions to achieve cost-efficient transport for the needs of the customers. The main objective of this study was to determine the estimated sea freight rates increase in 2015 when the tighter sulphur directive will come into force. The objective was also to find out the current situation and the commercial value of the Baltic Sea as well as solutions for the ship-ping companies to respond to tighter sulphur directive.  The purpose of this study was to calculate the estimated increase of the sea freight rates in a few routes so that Ewals Cargo Care could prepare for possible rise in pric-es in the near future. The study was divided into theoretical and empirical part with equal proportions. Theory section introduces the commercial situation of the Baltic Sea, the sulphur directive and the structure of the shipping costs.  In the empirical analysis part the new freight rates were calculated, solutions for tighter suphur directive challenges was searched and two interviews were held with shipping companies which are in cooperation with Ewals Cargo Care. Interviews and calculations are also the part of the execution of the study which also is the major research process.  After the empirical part of the study results were reviewed and conclusions of the studied subject were presented. Frames of the interviews, tables of the current and new freight rates are attached in the end of the study.
Estonia as a potential target market for Lufthansa Cargo AG
Attractiveness of the Finnish rail transit route : Case study: VR Group
Abstract: Operation manual for air couriers : Case Panalpina.
Modelling intermodal freight transport : the potential of combined transport in Sweden
Logistics Management for Import : A case to Kärkkäinen OY
Successful delivery solutions of Parker Hannifinn Oy Finn-Filter
Carriage of goods by sea
As a part of customer service at Distribution Center Europe of Metso Minerals' spare- and ware parts unit, freight prices frequently need to be estimated before goods are physically packed. This requires estimating how the individual combinations of items will be finally packed in order to be able to use the gross-weight and volumetric-weight driven price lists supplied by external freight forwarders. This research tries to establish a standard approach how to handle such preliminary freight estimates by analyzing whether it is possibly to develop freight pricing systems based on the limited information available (practically net weights, net volumes, and number of items) before the shipment is picked and packed at the warehouse. The main research approach is statistical; the aim is to derive gross weights, and, if possible, gross volumes and the number of handling units using a linear regression analysis. Other statistical and non-statistical methods have been unified in a second approach in order to both support the results gained in the regression analysis, and also minimize the possible deficiencies of the latter. The results of this research have been incorporated into practical, mostly Microsoft-Excel-based tools that have been made available to the logistics team at Distribution Center Europe in order to facilitate the often time consuming process of freight price estimations and freight invoicing.
Commentary on BPVOY4
British ocean freighters
Flying green : IATA e-freight implementation at Lufthansa Cargo Finland
Development of efficient B2B distribution channels for cargo fastening equipment in Russia : case: Mira Trading Company
World shipping : an economic geography of ports and seaborne trade
Transport of dangerous goods in the Baltic Sea region
Carriage of steel cargoes : guidelines for members, masters and surveyors
Operation manual for air couriers : Case Panalpina
Contracts of carriage by land and air
Shipping & international trade law : jurisdictional comparisons
Observations on Shelltime 4.
Technico-economic analysis of the role of road freight transport : report
Excellence in freight transport : how to better manage domestic and international logistics transport
Summary and conclusions (s. 17-20).
Towards better performing transport networks
Tramp : sagas of high adventure in the vanishing world of the old tramp freighters
Sulphur directive impact on freight rates : case Ewals Cargo Care
Time charters
Air cargo in the Finnish transportation system
Code of safe practice for for solid bulk cargoes
The Finnish Shipping Companies and their Stamps : Cinderella Stamp Club : handbook 2
Knots, splices and fancy work
Traffic flow development at North European company level with respect of Russia and four Asian countries : longitudinal survey study
"Caviar and Cargo" : the C 3 type passenger cargo ships
Military air transport : Airlift : The illustrated history
Intermodal freight transport
Cargo theft prevention : a handbook for logistics security
Transport documents and electronic transport records in the UNCITRAL draft convention on the carriage of goods [Wholly or Partly] [by Sea]
Shipping strategy : innovating for success
Competition in the freight transport sector : a channel perspective
Cargo Work for maritime operations
Cargo work : the care, handling and carriage of cargoes : including the management of marine cargo transportation
Tanker chartering clauses
Europa transport : observation of the transport markets. Transport survey = Enquête de conjoncture = Konjunkturerhebung
The market structure analysis for international road freight transport in Latvia
Export practice and management
This thesis was planned according to the needs of the case company, which is a Finnish company in the brewing and soft drink industry. The company's interest was to ease the tendering of sea freight when exporting. The project objective was to design an electronic tendering form for sea freight. In order to collect data to support the designing of the form, a literature review and a small-scale qualitative research were. The literature review studied maritime export and tendering process, as well as the transportation of the export goods. The author implemented a qualitative research in order to gain a deeper understanding of freight forwarding, freight rates and the features that would make the tendering form functional. The author interviewed three (3) freight-forwarding companies for the research. The author also studied the case company's previously used method of tendering. The data collection methods for this consisted of interviews, phone calls and emails with the contact people from the case company, as well as secondary data in the form of previous tenders. The time span of the project was roughly a year. The contract was signed in December 2012 and the project was completed in November 2013. The outcome of the project is an Excel document, which encloses instructions sheet, tender sheets, an additional sheet to ease the collection of primary data from the tenders, as well as a complementary cover letter containing further information required by the tenderers. The final products of the thesis is available in the Attachments 7, 8, 9 and 10.
Europe to weave web over tramp
Using web applications for improved customer service in logistics : case study: Freight Calculator for Russian Cargo Service Oy
Regulatory reforms in the transport sector : background report and discussions on the topic at the meeting of the Council of Ministers, Madrid, 26th-27th May 1987
Container terminals and cargo systems : design, operations management, and logistics control issues
BC code : code of safe practice for solid bulk cargoes, 2004.
The SAGE handbook of transport studies
The American freight train
Freight transport and the modern economy
The demand for freight transportation in Finland
Opportunities for cost reductions by the use of intermodal transports : intermodal production as an alternative for pure road production
Tanker chartering and management
Commentary on Mobilvoy 96.
Guidelines on the enhanced programme of inspections during surveys of bulk carriers and oil tankers
Abstract: This thesis was carried out to a case company that had difficulties in calculating freight costs to each customer separately and fast. Many smaller - potential or existing - customers requested for the freight costs to be included in their order, and at that moment the case company had to respond quickly by informing the customer of the total cost for freight. The case company needed to contact logistics service provider DHL each time and ask for their assistance in cost calculation. The case company trusted the writer to develop a software that would help the case company to calculate costs by themselves.  The purpose of the theoretical part of this thesis was to examine the topic of freight costs and how they are calculated when transporting goods abroad to different countries. Desk research method was used, and information was gathered from books, websites and documents received from the case company and DHL. With the help of this information the writer created a compact theory package, which worked as a basis for the empirical part of this thesis.  Qualitative research method was used in the empirical part. The writer analyzed information offered by the manager of the case company and the representative of DHL, and based on the information received, a software for cost calculation was developed. When developing the software, C++ programming language was used. The writer interviewed an IT-specialist who taught the writer to use C++ and helped the writer in coding the data to the software. Learning to use C++ was a large part of the research process.  The end result of the research was a very functional software that is easy to use. The development process required a lot of work and plenty hours used, but the finished software became exactly what was planned in the beginning of the process. The finished software was delivered to the case company.
The objective of this bachelor thesis was to study the effects the transition from air freight to maritime shipments and hub model will have on Bayer Oy?s export processes and transport planning. Furthermore, to display the benefits the transition can offer to Bayer Oy, and to understand the hub model implementation processes from the point of view of the pilot shipment to Israel. This thesis is a hybrid of the qualitative and quantitative research methods. First a throughout understanding of the transition process was achieved with the qualitative research methods, such as studying the current literature and publications released in the field. Additionally, an open-ended questioner was conducted with the research field experts in the sponsor company to gain insight of the operational changes. In order to verify the hypothesis concerning the expected benefits, a quantitative cost comparison was conducted. The cost analysis included the comparison between the direct reefer containers and airfreight, as well as between the pallet prices via hub model versus airfreight. Ancillary savings from the packing changes were also presented. The implementation process of the pilot hub model shipment to Israel was divided into four sections; route changes, TM3 planning, documentation and cost savings. The results of this thesis presented the operational changes caused by the transition, the potential cost savings and the implementation process of the pilot hub model shipment to Israel. Additionally, further research subjects were presented such as improving communication throughout the distribution chain, risk assessment for brakes in the manufacturing process and the correlation issue between the scheduling of the direct truck to HUB Velten and the container closing dates of different destinations.
The Transport Act 1968
The container principle : how a box changes the way we think
The economics of urban transportation
Patterns of trade and ship cargoes
Export trade process and freight forwarder assessment : a thesis commissioned by Bo Fa Textile Company
Freight forwarding in the chinese market
International traffic and infrastructural needs
The thesis revealed development opportunities of the Finnish railway transit route for the transportation of bulk raw materials coming from Russia westbound. The thesis research aimed to investigate attractiveness of the Finnish railway transit route for the transportation of bulk raw materials from Russia westbound. The study revealed level of attractiveness of the Finnish railway transit route, competitive advantages and disadvantages of the Finnish transit route for the transportation of raw bulk materials, such as iron, fertilizers, oil and oil related products.  The thesis research is based on the previous studies of Jumpponen (2007), Kilpeläinen (2004) and Lautso (2005). Previous researches analyzed competitive advantages of the competing transit routes between the West countries and Russia. The main transit routes for the raw materials transportation from Russia westbound have been examined and compared, advantages and disadvantages of the Finnish rail transit route are defined and recommendations on the future development for the Finnish rail transit route are presented in the thesis. The thesis study was carried as empirical research. Data for the study was gathered by interviewing freight forwarding companies in Finland and Russia and Finnish railway authorities. The analytical approach was qualitative. Overall, eleven qualitative semi-structured interviews have been conducted and one e-mail enquiry has been received during the study process. The thesis research was commissioned by the state-owned transportation company VR Group. Therefore, implications of findings and conclusions were presented for the commissioning party. Also recommendations for the future development of the railway transit transportation have been made. The thesis research revealed the factors, affecting transit route choice for the transportation of bulk commodities westbound and the level of competitiveness of the Finnish railway transit route for the raw materials transportation westbound. The research revealed that attractiveness of the Finnish railway route is dependant on the attractiveness of the entire transit route via Finland, particularly on the ports ́ services. The main problems affecting attractiveness of the railway route as part of the entire route via Finland are the cost levels, lack of flexibility in negotiations and cooperation between railway transportation provider, ports and the other freight providing companies and participants of the transit chain via Finland. Research findings have supported theoretical background of the study, particularly, factors affecting transit route choice. However, thesis study has defined level of importance of the different factors for the railway transportation of raw bulk materials. Besides, competitive advantages of the railway transit route for the transportation of raw bulk materials differ from the competitive advantages of the route via Finland, presented in previous studies by Lautso (2005), Kilpeläinen (2004) and Jumpponen (2007). The thesis had practical importance for the commissioning party because it has revealed level of attractiveness of the railway transit route, defined advantages and disadvantages of the Finnish transit route and suggested the need for cooperation between the Finnish freight providing companies in order to increase attractiveness of the entire route via Finland. Besides, the thesis defined main factors affecting the transit route choice for raw bulk materials transporta-tion. Attractiveness of the railway transit route can be increased also by influencing those factors. Therefore, findings of the research can be used by VR Group as background for the creation of international strategy, directed at increasing attractiveness of the railway transit route via Finland for the transportation of raw materials from Russia westbound.
Introduction to security
Open-hatch bulk shipping
