http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6791 transport charges
transport charges transportation charges
Economic and equity effects of marginal cost pricing in transport : case studies from three European cities
Freight cost calculation in the case company
The law of international trade
Competition continues to be fierce in Baltic cargos
Applied transport economics : policy, management and decision making
Uniform commercial law in the twenty-first century : proceedings of the Congress of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law, New York, 18-22 May 1992.
The handbook of international trade : a guide to the principles and practice of export
European Union law for international business : an introduction
Abstract: This thesis was carried out to a case company that had difficulties in calculating freight costs to each customer separately and fast. Many smaller - potential or existing - customers requested for the freight costs to be included in their order, and at that moment the case company had to respond quickly by informing the customer of the total cost for freight. The case company needed to contact logistics service provider DHL each time and ask for their assistance in cost calculation. The case company trusted the writer to develop a software that would help the case company to calculate costs by themselves.  The purpose of the theoretical part of this thesis was to examine the topic of freight costs and how they are calculated when transporting goods abroad to different countries. Desk research method was used, and information was gathered from books, websites and documents received from the case company and DHL. With the help of this information the writer created a compact theory package, which worked as a basis for the empirical part of this thesis.  Qualitative research method was used in the empirical part. The writer analyzed information offered by the manager of the case company and the representative of DHL, and based on the information received, a software for cost calculation was developed. When developing the software, C++ programming language was used. The writer interviewed an IT-specialist who taught the writer to use C++ and helped the writer in coding the data to the software. Learning to use C++ was a large part of the research process.  The end result of the research was a very functional software that is easy to use. The development process required a lot of work and plenty hours used, but the finished software became exactly what was planned in the beginning of the process. The finished software was delivered to the case company.
Law of International Trade
Abstract: This study was commissioned by Ewals Cargo Care, which transports cargo with Mega trailers in Europe using a number of intermodal solutions to achieve cost-efficient transport for the needs of the customers. The main objective of this study was to determine the estimated sea freight rates increase in 2015 when the tighter sulphur directive will come into force. The objective was also to find out the current situation and the commercial value of the Baltic Sea as well as solutions for the ship-ping companies to respond to tighter sulphur directive.  The purpose of this study was to calculate the estimated increase of the sea freight rates in a few routes so that Ewals Cargo Care could prepare for possible rise in pric-es in the near future. The study was divided into theoretical and empirical part with equal proportions. Theory section introduces the commercial situation of the Baltic Sea, the sulphur directive and the structure of the shipping costs.  In the empirical analysis part the new freight rates were calculated, solutions for tighter suphur directive challenges was searched and two interviews were held with shipping companies which are in cooperation with Ewals Cargo Care. Interviews and calculations are also the part of the execution of the study which also is the major research process.  After the empirical part of the study results were reviewed and conclusions of the studied subject were presented. Frames of the interviews, tables of the current and new freight rates are attached in the end of the study.
A to Z of international trade
Export practice and management
Combiterms : 1990 : systems for cost distribution between seller and buyer according to Incoterms 1990 by Jan Ramberg and Staffan Sundell
Building your business through export
Doing business abroad : how to start trading successfully in international markets
International trade manual
International logistics
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Mastering import and export management
Eurotoll : European research project for toll effects and pricing strategies
The future of intermodal freight transport : operations, design and policy
Investment and the use of tax and toll revenues in the transport sector
Helsinki Workshop on Infrastructure Charging on Railways : 31 July - 1 August, 2000
Yhdenmukaiset remburssisäännöt = ICC uniform customs and practice for documentary credits
International business law : text , cases and readings
Guide to export-import basics : vital knowledge for trading internationally
Sulphur directive impact on freight rates : case Ewals Cargo Care
Managing business transactions : controlling the cost of coordinating, communicating, and decision making
International trade : an essential guide to the principles and practice of export
ICC guide to export/import : global standards for international trade
Guide to export-import basics : Vital knowledge for trading internationally
Export-import theory, practices, and procedures
ICC  guide to export-import basics : the legal financial and transport aspects of international trade
Budgeting of transportation costs in project business : ABB Oy, Power systems
Abstract (1 s.).
The legal environment for importing in the European Union : case study Suomen Mercus Oy
