http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6793 wash
wash
Comfort, cleanliness and convenience : the social organization of normality
Topsy and Tim have itchy heads / Jean and Gareth Adamson ; [illustrations by Belinda Worsley]
Proceedings 2007 : 43nd International Detergency Conference, April 24th to 26th 2007, Düsseldorff, Germany
Dry cleaning without CFC : Nordic summary report
Tank cleaning in the Baltic Sea : assessment of the ecotoxicity of tank cleaning effluents / Milja Honkanen, Jani Häkkinen, Antti Posti
Technical and economic aspects of water pollution abatement measures for discharges drom dry cleaning firms : final report
Laugh your squarepants off!
The home handbook : quick and easy ways to keep your home tidy, clean and beautiful
Themes and seams in textiles
The technology of washing
Chemical and physical behavior of human hair
Biodegradation studies of recycled vegetable oils, surface-active agents, and condensing wastewaters
Proceedings 2005 : 42nd International Detergency Conference, May 31st to June 02nd 2005, Hilton Hotel, Düsseldorf, germany
SpongeBob SquarePants : Plankton's robotic revenge : Nintendo 3DS
Detergent residues in textiles : preliminary study using chemical analysis and electron microscopy
Application of the refractometer in the measurement and monitoring of brown stock washing
Some aspects on institutional dishwashing machines, full scale and model experiments
Big pocket guide to using social marketing for behaviour change
Do not wash this bear
Textiles and laundrywork
The forgotten arts and crafts
Weighing system for industrial washing machines
Topsy and Tim have itchy heads
Control of Listeria monocytogenes in the food industry
Planning a layout design for the washing line of Parker Hannifin Oy
Development of Forecasting at Franke Finland Oy
Polymeric surfactants
Science for conservators. Vol. 2, Cleaning
Analysis of the quality of wastewater from the service stations located in the operative area of Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority
Detergents and textile washing : principles and practice
The great moon confusion
Water consumption and wastewaters in fresh-cut vegetable production
Studies on the consequences of the control of nitrogen oxide emission : slagging of ash and scrubbibg of flue gas
Handbook of detergents. Part B, Environmental impact
Studies on washing in kraft pulp bleaching
Optimization of cleaning-in-place of membrane filtration unit
Dictionary of washing = Wörterbuch Waschen
Synthetic detergents
Enabling independence : a guide for rehabilitation workers
Science for conservators. Book 2, Cleaning
The scam : a Fox and O'Hare novel
School for bandits
The big sticky bun
Albert's raccoon
My New Home
Purified lignin for demanding applications
Orange is the new black : my year in a women's prison
As membrane technology becomes increasingly common in filtration processes, its problems have begun to emerge. The problems have long been solved by technical advances, module construction and process design. This thesis project was conducted at Genencor International Oy, Hanko plant, Finland with the assistance of the Cedar Rapids plant in Iowa, United States. The aim of this thesis was to optimize the cleaning-in-place (CIP) of a microfiltration unit. Genencor has been a part of DuPont since 2011. CIP has been a problem with the microfiltration unit at the Hanko plant, cleaning has not been efficient and the cleaning costs have risen. Fouling decreases the lifetime of the membranes, which have to be changed more often. The optimization was performed at pilot scale. Data was collected by testing to see how detergents would influence the cleaning. Enzymatic, caustic, acidic, surfactant and disinfection cleaning agents were used. The efficiency of cleaning was measured by clean water flux (CWF) and by monitoring the trans-membrane pressure (TMP) and retentate pump output. The best cleaning agents were Cleaning Agent A, Cleaning Agent B, and Cleaning Agent C and the best cleaning cycle was cleaning cycle 2. The Cleaning Agent A cleaned the surface of the membrane as the Cleaning Agent B and Cleaning Agent C cleaned the pores of the membrane. There is much more to test to conclusively optimize the CIP. More tests should be conducted on the optimization of the cleaning cycles. Ways other than chemical cleaning, such as prevention of fouling, should be studied and the optimization of the filtration process is an important part of CIP optimization.
How to get things really flat
SpongeBob SquarePants : Plankton's robotic revenge : Wii U
Handbook for critical cleaning
THE PHENOMENON “MONEY LAUNDERING” : Whose money is dirty and what are the effects?
International money laundering and its prevention in the banking sector
Globalisation and money-laundering
The handbook of environmental chemistry. Vol. 3, Detergents : part F: Anthropogenic compounds
Polyuretaanipintaisen PVC-lattianpäällysteen puhdistuvuus = Cleanability of PVC floor coverings with polyurethane coating
Chemical cleaning of CERAMEC® capillary filters
The washing machine manual : DIY plumbing, maintenance, repair
Metal concentrations in Seville orange (Citrus aurantium) fruits from Seville (Spain) and Palermo (Italy)
Clothing care & repair
Stonecleaning of granite buildings : advice on the soiling, decay and cleaning of granite buildings and related testing, specification and execution of the work
Cationic surfactants : analytical and biological evaluation
Analysis of surfactants
Controlled water use is an important component of sustainable fresh-cut vegetable production because of limited water resources, and also for controlling the quality of wastewater re-used in vegetable processing or for irrigating on fields. In our study the water consumption in vegetable processing plants varied from 1.5 to 5.0 m3 t-1 of finished product. In one plant, monitored over three years, almost 90% of water was used for washing and rinsing of vegetables, but more than 90% of the organic load of the wastewater was generated from the processing stage. The results including organic load and the microbial quality of the wastewaters showed that the wastewater should be treated beforere-use.Separate treating of wastewaters from processing stage is recommended.  Pre-treatment of wastewater using precipitation chemicals and sedimentation in basins decreased the organic load and total solids in the water, allowing further treatment of the waters.
The environmental and economic impact of key detergent builder systems in the European Union
Reduction of volatile organic compounds from dry-cleaning facilities
Control of microorganisms by effective sanitation programmes and equipment design
Abstract: Weighing system for industrial washing machines.
Kotityötutkimus = Housework study. Osa 5-7 = Part 5-7
The Swedish phosphate report : a Delphi study to compare the environmental impacts of detergent builders in Nordic countries and the implications for the sustainable management of freshwater resources in Europe
Rabbit's woolly jumper
Teollisesti valmistettujen tupasvillatekstiilien käyttöominaisuudet = Properties in use of the industrially made cotton grass textiles
Mosby's comprehensive review of dental hygiene
Textile conservation
Spongebob's surf & skate roadtrip : Xbox 360 Kinect
Hugh Shampoo : the boy who would not wash his hair!
Floors in animal houses : technical design with respect to the biological needs of animals in reference to the thermal, friction and abrasive characteristics and the softness of the flooring material
SpongeBob SquarePants : Plankton's robotic revenge : Wii
The drop
Cleaning techniques in conservation practice
Introduction to surfactant analysis
Small Bunny's blue blanket : [a tale of love and laundry]
Handbook of detergents. Part A
Curious George : car wash
Development of a scale for estimating the amount of greasy dirt on floor coverings using 14C-isotope and a colour indicator
A band of dirty pirates
Handbook of detergents. Part E : applications
Accommodation and cleaning services : volume 1 : operations
WHO guidelines on hand hygiene in health care : first global patient safety challenge : clean care is safer care
Engineering apparel fabrics and garments
SpongeBob SquarePants : Plankton's robotic revenge : PlayStation 3
Green-up your cleanup
