http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6796 higher education policy
higher education policy
There is no single idea of the university. Ever since its medieval origin, the concept of the university has continued to change. The metaphysical university gave way successively to the scientific university, and then to the corporate and the entrepreneurial university. But what might lie ahead? Being a University charts and critiques this conceptual development and examines the future possibilities for the idea of the university. Ronald Barnett pursues this quest through an exploration of pairs of contending concepts that speak to the idea of the university - such as space and time; being and becoming; and culture and anarchy. On this foundation is developed an imaginative exposition of possible ideas of the university, including the liquid university and the authentic university.
Preparing service university research
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Lowering higher education : the rise of corporate universities and the fall of liberal education
The founding of the University of Oulu and its effects upon regional development
Reviews of national policies for education : Finland : higher education
The university under the pressure of innovation policy : reflecting on European and Finnish experiences
Tertiary professional and vocational education in central and eastern Europe : a cross-country report produced by the European Training Foundation and the Council of Europe
OECD thematic review of tertiary educationn : country background report for Finland
Internationalization and the invisible language? Historical phases and current policies in Finnish higher education
University planning and management techniques
National policies for the internationalisation of higher education in Europe
Main trends in Norwegian higher education since 1960
Higher education in Europe and the United States of America
Academic community : discourse or discord?
Summary in Estonian.
Major American higher education issues and challenges in the 1990s
Goals and purposes of higher education in the 21st century
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Global university rankings : challenges for European higher education
Crisis, cuts, contemplations : how Academia may help rescuin society : proceedings of the Conference of the Magna Charta Observatory 17-18 September 2009
Higher education and the market
Recent trends and challenges in Brazilian higher education system
"It is no secret that American graduate education is in disarray. Graduate students take too long to complete their studies and face a dismal academic job market if they succeed. The Graduate School Mess gets to the root of these problems and offers concrete solutions for revitalizing graduate education in the humanities. Leonard Cassuto, professor and graduate education columnist for The Chronicle of Higher Education, argues that universities' heavy emphasis on research comes at the expense of teaching. But teaching is where reforming graduate school must begin. Cassuto says that graduate education must recover its mission of public service. Professors should revamp the graduate curriculum and broaden its narrow definition of success to allow students to create more fulfilling lives for themselves both inside and outside the academy. Cassuto frames the current situation foremost as a teaching problem: professors rarely prepare graduate students for the demands of the working worlds they actually join. He gives practical advice about how faculty can teach and advise graduate students by committing to a student-centered approach. In chapters that follow the career of the graduate student from admissions to the dissertation and placement, Cassuto considers how each stage of graduate education is shaped by unexamined assumptions and ancient prejudices that need to be critically confronted. Written with verve and infused with history. The Graduate School Mess returns our national conversation about graduate study in the humanities to first principles."--Rabat de la Jaquette.
The university as an institution today : topics for reflection
Modernisation of higher education in Europe : access, retention and employability 2014, Eurydice report
Transformation of Academic Grass-root Organizations' Governance System in Chinese Universities - A Case-based Analysis
The response of higher education institutions to regional needs
Dynamics in Finnish higher education politics.
Internationalization in teacher education. Vol. 1, Initiatives
Reviews of national policies for education : higher education in Kazakhstan
Master-level programmes and degrees in Europe: problems and opportunities
Internationalisation of European higher education : three selected articles from Handbook
The graduate school mess : what caused it and how we can fix it
Accelerating catch-up : tertiary education for growth in SSA
Transformation of higher education in innovation systems in China and Finland
Non-official higher education in the European Union
Korkeakoulun perusyksikön tieteellinen elinvoimaisuus = Research vitality of the basic units in the universities
Universities : the recovery of an idea
Activities programme. 1987 : year VIII
A service university in Scandinavia?
Universities and reflexive modernity : institutional ambiguities and unintended consequences
Rankings and the reshaping of higher education : the battle for world-class excellence
University research performance : influence of funding competition, policy steering and micro-level factors
Reforming higher education in the Nordic countries : studies of change in Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden
The evaluative state, institutional autonomy and re-engineering higher education in Western Europe : the prince and his pleasure
Builders and deserters : students, state, and community in Leningrad, 1917-1941
Academic quality assurance in Irish higher education : elements of a handbook
Arctic artistry
Financing higher education : answers from the UK
Reflections on and outlook for higher education in Latin America : final report - Tuning Latin America Project 2004-2007
Comparative policy studies in higher education
A new deal for the humanities : liberal arts and the future of public higher education
Reviews of national policies for education : Poland
Toward a rational society : student protest, science, and politics
Pushing universities to market their products : redefinitions of academic activities in Finland
Joint declaration on harmonisation of the architecture of the European higher education system, Paris, the Sorbonne, May 25 1998
Adaptive university structures : an anlysis of adaptation to socioeconomic environments of US and European universities
Academic identities and policy change in higher education
Toward an ethic of higher education
Vision 20-10: European university leaders' perspectives on the future : preliminary version
Higher education governance and policy change in Western Europe : international challenges to historical institutions
Coming of age in academe : rekindling women's hopes and reforming the academy
U 2000 : higher education and research policies in Europe approaching the year 2000
Higher education policies in the EU and in the People's Republic of China : a comparative approach
Diploma of Higher Education : Competence modules for everyone
China's universities, 1895-1995 : a century of cultural conflict
Towards a multiversity? : universities between global trends and national traditions
Quality on the move : discursive construction of higher education policy from the perspective of quality
University development in the third world : the Rockefeller Foundation experience
Internationalization of higher education : global trends, regional perspectives : IAU 3rd global survey report
Higher education in the BRICS countries : investigating the pact between higher education and society
The impact of leadership on Chinese Higher Education Institution merger - A case study from institutional leadership perspective
Diploma of higher education : competence modules for everyone
Changing relationships between higher education and the state
Focus on the structure of higher education in Europe 2003/2004 : national trends in the Bologna process
Travelling towards a mirage? : gender, leadership and higher education
Executive summary (s. 9-14).
Being a university
Performance-based funding for public research in tertiary education institutions : workshop proceedings
New futures for student affairs : building a vision for professional leadership and practice
Supervision and research training within the professional research community : seeking new challenges of doctoral education in Estonia
Toward higher education in an active society : three policy guidelines
Higher education organization : conditions for policy implementation
Dimensions of evaluation : report of the IMHE study group on evaluation in higer education
Higher education : handbook of theory and research. Vol. 21
Higher education in Romania
Universities and strategic knowledge creation : specialization and performance in Europe
Understanding the significance of EU higher education policy cooperation in Finnish higher education policy
Undergraduate Teaching Quality Evaluation of Chinese Higher Education Institutions: Practices and Future Directions
The position of Finnish and Swedish as well as other languages at universities in Finland
Institution of intellectual values : realism and idealism in higher education
Cost-sharing and accessibility in higher education : a fairer deal?
The future of the university : translating Lisbon into practice
The States and public higher education policy : affordability, access, and accountability
Implicit policy, invisible language : Policies and practices of international degree programmes in Finnish higher education
Prometheus bound : the changing relationship between government and higher education in Western Europe
Creating the university of Norrland : goals, structures and outcomes
The Partner Assistance Project: An Attempt to Promote Balanced Development in Higher Education between Eastern and Western China
Creating a new university - the establishment and the development of the University of Tromsø
Towards a comparative institutionalism : forms, dynamics and logics across the organizational fields of health care and higher education
Towards the responsive university : the regional role of Eastern Finland universities
Relations between state and higher education
Learning for a sustainable future : innovative solution from the Baltic Sea region
Training Chinese administrative officials in Finland and its relevance to Finnish "China strategies" [Elektroninen aineisto]
University to uni : the politics of higher education in England since 1944
The Logic of China's University Teaching Reform in Transforming Period
Higher education : handbook of theory and research. Vol. 22
Higher education in developing countries : peril and promise
The politics of higher education in a comparative perspective : France, Sweden, United Kingdom
Higher education policy : an international comparative perspective
Interculturality in theory and practice in the Master's Programme of Intercultural Bilingual Education in Bolivia
Many in higher education fear that the humanities are facing a crisis. But even if the rhetoric about “crisis” is overblown, humanities departments do face increasing pressure from administrators, politicians, parents, and students. In A New Deal for the Humanities, Gordon Hutner and Feisal G. Mohamed bring together twelve prominent scholars who address the history, the present state, and the future direction of the humanities. These scholars keep the focus on public higher education, for it is in our state schools that the liberal arts are taught to the greatest numbers and where their neglect would be most damaging for the nation. The contributors offer spirited and thought-provoking debates on a diverse range of topics. For instance, they deplore the push by administrations to narrow learning into quantifiable outcomes as well as the demands of state governments for more practical, usable training. Indeed, for those who suggest that a college education should be “practical”—that it should lean toward the sciences and engineering, where the high-paying jobs are—this book points out that while a few nations produce as many technicians as the United States does, America is still renowned worldwide for its innovation and creativity, skills taught most effectively in the humanities. Most importantly, the essays in this collection examine ways to make the humanities even more effective, such as offering a broader array of options than the traditional major/minor scheme, options that combine a student’s professional and intellectual interests, like the new medical humanities programs. A democracy can only be as energetic as the minds of its citizens, and the questions fundamental to the humanities are also fundamental to a thoughtful life. A New Deal for the Humanities takes an intrepid step in making the humanities—and our citizens—even stronger in the future.
Nursing and caring sciences : evaluation report
New universities and regional context : papers from an international seminar held at Sundsvall, Sweden, 14-18 June, 1992
Globalizing education policy
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Standards and quality in higher education
In spite of the increasing attention attributed to the rise in prominence of the BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) countries, few studies have looked at the ways in which broader social expectations with respect to the role of higher education across the BRICS have changed, or not, in recent years. Our point of departure is that, contrary to the conventional wisdom focusing on functionalistic perspectives, higher education systems are not just designed by governments to fulfill certain functions, but have a tendency for evolving in a rather unpredictable fashion as a result of the complex interplay between a number of internal and external factors. In reality, national higher education systems develop and change according to a complex process that encompasses the expectations of governmental agencies, markets, the aspirations of the population for the benefits of education, the specific institutional traditions and cultures of higher education institutions, and, increasingly so, the interests and strategies of the private firms entering and offering services in the higher education market. This basically means that it is of outmost importance to move away from conceiving of "universities" or "higher education" as single, monolithic actors or sector. One way of doing this is by investigating a selected number of distinct, but nonetheless interrelated factors or drivers, which, taken together, help determine the nature and scope of the social compact between higher education (its core actors and institutions) and society at large (government, industry, local communities, professional associations).
What are universities for? : on the current state and the future of universities
University reform in Finland and Japan
The volume examines ongoing dynamics within the organizational fields of health care and higher education, as seen from an institutional theory perspective. To date, few studies have attempted to compare developments across these two critical societal sectors and actors.
Tiivistelmä (s. I).- Abstract (s. II).
Public policy for academic quality : analyses of innovative policy instruments
Unfinished Business: Integrating Chinese and Western Ideas of a University
On Cooperation and Competition II : Institutional Responses to Internationalisation, Europeanisation and Globalisation
Further education in the market place : equity, opportunity and individual learning
Freedom, equality, university
Modernisation of higher education in Europe : funding and the social dimension 2011
Reviews of national policies for education : university education in Denmark
Universities and the Europe of knowledge : ideas, institutions and policy entrepreneurship in European Union higher education policy, 1955-2005
What are the implications of an increasingly competitive global system of higher education research? In what ways have policy changes to the evaluation and funding of university research impacted on higher education institutions in the UK and in other countries? How do institutional and departmental managers and individual academics organise and manage research to best maximise the gains of being successful in research? The "Research Game in Academic Life" turns a spotlight on the importance of research in determining the reputation and success of universities and the academics who work within them. It provides an overview of the changing policies of funding and evaluating university research during the last twenty years and analyses how this has impacted on the status and hierarchical positioning of universities in the United Kingdom. Comparisons of research policies in other national systems of higher education are also made, with examples from Hong Kong, the Netherlands and Australia.; Empirical data is drawn from qualitative case studies of two UK universities; and this book focuses on the way in which the management and organisation of research within these institutions has responded to the demands of economic and accountability pressures and successive rounds of the Research Assessment Exercise. More particularly, the book reflects the human stories and accounts from the individuals who serve to maintain the important research and teaching work of these institutions. The "Research Game in Academic Life" offers a thoughtful analysis and will make essential reading for researchers, department leaders, policy makers and managers in higher education.
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Markets in higher education
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Korkeakoulutuksen kriisi? : artikkelikokoelma Jyväskylässä 19.-20.8.1993 järjestetystä korkeakoulutuksen tutkimuksen V symposiumista = Higher education in a crisis? : articles from the fifth Symposium on Higher Education Research held in Jyväskylä, August 19-20, 1993
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Marketing education worldwide : papers presented at a seminar of Academic Cooperation Association (ACA)
Diverse routes from school, via higher education, to employment : a comparison of nine European countries
Inventing tomorrow's university : who is to take the lead? : an essay of the Magna Charta Observatory
The research game in academic life
In 2013–2015, JAMK University of Applied Sciences implemented a national pilot project Diploma of Higher Education based on a proposal by the Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture. The aim was to determine the need for working life for competence modules consisting of parts of higher education degrees which diversify the offering and participants. Similar higher education programmes have grown more common internationally. JAMK UAS implemented four diploma of higher education programmes as UAS open studies: Agricultural Entrepreneur Business Competence, Gerontological Rehabilitation, HR and Financial Specialist and Purchasing Specialist. The aim of the students was to expand their competence, develop their own work and further advance in their careers. For the training to succeed, it was important to invest in instruction, support group formation and have flexible implementation models. The students were able to develop their competence based on their own individual needs and the needs of working life, regardless of their educational background. Groups that promoted peer learning and networking were felt to be the strengths of the training. The costs for students were also very moderate. If needed, the studies can later be credited towards a degree programme. Diplomas of higher education are a quick and flexible way to implement various competence modules that meet the needs of working life. The students and employers have appreciated the pre-packaged, clear and sufficiently advanced competence modules of 60 ECTS cr.
Quantity and quality in higher education
European integration and the governance of higher education and research
The invisible tapestry : culture in American colleges and universities
Policies for higher education in the 1980s : intergovernmental conference OECD 12/14 October 1981
New trends in Finnish higher education policy : The Role of Circumpolar Universities in Northern Development, second conference, June 10-13, 1991, Tyumen, U.S.S.R
Higher education policy in Finland
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
The problem of a market-oriented university
Higher education policy convergence and the Bologna process : a cross-national study
Lifelong learning and higher education
Internationalization of Finnish higher education   is language an issue?
Academic mobility in a changing world : regional and global trends
Pursuing the endless frontier : essays on MIT and the role of research universities
Higher education cannot escape history : issues for the twenty-first century
Trans-national technologies, national techniques and local mechanisms in Finnish university governance : a journey through the layers
The Governance of University based on the University Statute
There's no such thing as free speech : and it's a good thing, too
The realities of change in higher education : interventions to promote learning and teaching
Reviews of national policies for education : higher education in California
Closing the equity gap : the impact of widening participation strategies in the UK and the USA
Merging an privatising to reach for the top : a new Finnish university of technology, business, and art and design
