http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6804 semantics
semantics
Semantics : a cognitive account of linguistic meaning
The principles of semantics
Semantics : an introduction to non-lexical aspects of meaning
Evolution of semantic systems
Analytical metaphysics : a collection of essays. Vol. 5, Necessity and possibility : The metaphysics of modality
Representation and management of narrative information : theoretical principles and implementation
Introduction to semantics
The language of the Third Reich : LTI - Lingua Tertii Imperii, a philologist's notebook
Population testing : extracting semantic information on near-synonyms from native speakers
Philosophical relativity
Meaning, use, and interpretation of language
The Oxford handbook of lexicography
Effects of musical valence on the cognitive processing of lyrics
Russian nominal semantics and morphology
There are tittles in this title : the weird world of words
Approaches to complex predicates
Foundations of pragmatics and lexical semantics
Coming to our senses : a naturalistic program for semantic localism
The reference book
Linguistics, philosophy, and Montague grammar
Integrating semantic theories
"In recent years the increasing availability of large electronic corpora has led to a methodological shift in linguistics from intuition-based research to work that utilises electronic corpora as a source of data. This shift has given rise to a new perspective on work on complementation. This book presents the latest work in the field of complementation studies. Leading scholars and upcoming researchers in the area approach complementation from various perspectives and different frameworks, such as Cognitive Grammar and construction grammars, to offer a broad survey of the field and provide thought-provoking reading accessible to anyone interested in complementation, novice or expert"--
Meaning potentials and contexts : some consequences for the analysis of variation in meaning
The foundations of philosophical semantics
Elements of formal semantics : an introduction to logic for students of language
Situations and attitudes
Semantics : from meaning to text
Discourse, beliefs, and intentions : semantic defaults and propositional attitude ascription
"Victor Klemperer (1881-1960) was Professor of French Literature at Dresden University. As a Jew, he was removed from his university post in 1935, only surviving thanks to his marriage to an Aryan. From 1933 to 1935 Klemperer kept detailed diaries, which contain in note form some of the raw material for the German edition of LTI: Lingua Tertii Imperii. First published in 1957, The Language of the Third Reich arose from Klemperer's conviction that the language of the Third Reich helped to create its culture. As Klemperer writes: 'It isn't only Nazi actions that have to vanish, but also the Nazi cast of mind, the typical Nazi way of thinking, and its breeding ground: the language of Nazism.' This brilliant book is by turns entertaining and profound, saddening and horrifying. It is deservedly one of the great twentieth-century studies of language and its engagement with history. Translated by Dr Martin Brady"--
Semantics and social science
New directions in semantics
Prosody and meaning
Essays in logical semantics
Semantics of programming languages
Semantics and the lexicon
A user's guide to thought and meaning
Reports on text linguistics : semantics and cohesion
Fiction through metaphor : a case study of The God of small things
The lexicon-syntax interface : perspectives from South Asian languages
Presupposition and anaphora
Semantic ambiguity and underspecification
Philosophical papers. 2, Mind, language and reality
This volume, based on the Workshop on Prosody and Meaning in Barcelona on September 17-18, 2009, brings together researchers working on issues of the prosodic encoding and expression of sentence-level meaning.The contributions to the book resultfroma vivid exchange ofresearch ideas and research methodologies on issues related to the relationship between prosody and meaning andfrom stimulating discussions and collaborative work between researchers coming from different perspectives.
Meaning in language : an introduction to Semantics and Pragmatics
Translation and meaning. Part 5, Proceedings of the Maastricht Session of the 3rd International Maastricht - Łódź Duo Colloquium on "Translation and meaning", held in Maastricht, The Netherlands, 26 - 29 April 2000
Signs of the time : selected papers from TISLR 8 [2004]
As the reader will notice immediately after a quick look at the table of contents, the range of topics addressed in the individual contributions is very broad and the number of sign languages studied too - the crosslinguistic slant is recurrent in many of the chapters, a valuable feature in itself. Nevertheless, an attempt has been made to group the 17 chapters by thematic affinity into recognizable sections. Still, it should be made clear that these divisions are one of many possible ones and thus artificial: in most of the cases there are aspects of the paper that have a clear link to another thematic section. This is a natural outcome of the fact that linguistic research does not remain limited to isolated compartments, but usually looks into different subdomains in order to reach substantial results.
Signs in the brain: Hearing signers’ cross-linguistic semantic integration strategies
The polysemantic structure of the natural languages
The semantics of affirmation : Serbian, other slavic languages and English in cognitive analysis
Language, meaning and context
Introduction to natural language semantics
A critical introduction to syntax
Perspectives on complementation : structure, variation and boundaries
Objects and images : studies in design and advertising
Semantic fields and lexical structure
Pragmatic and the flexibility of word meaning
Notes from the linguistic underground
Classics in semantics
Semantic structures : a study in the relation between semantics and syntax
Galicia studies in language : historical semantics brought to the fore
Formal semantics : an introduction
Testability & meaning
Introduction to contemporary linguistic semantics
Approaching diachronic semantics : the componential vs. cognitive account
"Pregnant" and "specific" objects : a collocational investigation of recognize and realize
"When people speak, their words never fully encode what they mean, and the context is always compatible with a variety of interpretations. How can comprehension ever be achieved? Wilson and Sperber argue that comprehension is a process of inference guided by precise xpectations of relevance. What are the relations between the linguistically encoded meanings studied in semantics and the thoughts that humans are capable of entertaining and conveying? How should we analyse literal meaning, approximations, metaphors and ironies? Is the ability to understand speakers' meanings rooted in a more general human ability to understand other minds? How do these abilities interact in evolution and in cognitive development? Meaning and Relevance sets out to answer these and other questions, enriching and updating relevance theory and exploring its implications for linguistics, philosophy, cognitive science and literary studies"--
Word meaning negotiation in online discussion forum communication
Language and information : selected essays on their theory and application
Donkey business going on? : or: mentalism and the dynamic turn in formal semantics
The semantics of compounding
The construction of meaning
Social semantics : the search for meaning on the web
Designation
Self-reference : reflections on reflexity
Chinese-English dictionary of polyphonic characters
Approaching vagueness
"In the history of generative grammar, the question of the semantics of compounds was caught up in what Newmeyer (1986) called the "Linguistic Wars", the conflict between generative semantics and interpretive semantics. An important difference between the two sides was the place they attributed to semantics in the architecture of grammar. In generative semantics, the semantic representation was the starting point for syntactic processing. The syntactic level of Deep Structure had been merged with the underlying semantic representation. In interpretive semantics, the semantic representation was derived from a syntactic representation by means of interpretation rules"--
Interfaces of morphology
The language of judges
Phonetic implementation of phonological categories in sign language of the Netherlands
Sortals and the subject-predicate distinction
A theory of structural semantics
Extending the semiotics of embodied interaction to blended spaces
Humorous texts : a semantic and pragmatic analysis
Treatise on basic philosophy. Vol. 1, Semantics, 1 : Sense and reference
Treatise on basic philosophy. Vol. 2, Semantics, 2 : Interpretation and truth
The use and misuse of language
Cognitive and linguistic aspects of geographic space : new perspectives on geographic information research
Sphere semantics for aspect
Structures for semantics
Practical semantics : a study in the rules of speech and action
LOVEscapes : changes in prototypical senses and cognitive metaphors since 1500
Time is a constitutive element of everyday interaction: all verbal interaction is produced and interpreted in time. However, it is only recently that research in linguistics has started to take the temporality of linguistic production and reception in interaction into account by studying the real-time and on-line dimension of spoken language. This volume is the first systematic collection of studies exploring temporality in interaction and its theoretical foundations. It brings together researchers focusing on how temporality impinges on the production and interpretation of linguistic structures in interaction and how linguistic resources are designed to deal with the exigencies and potentials of temporality in interaction. The volume provides new insights into the temporal design of a range of heretofore unexplored linguistic phenomena from various languages as well as into the temporal aspects of linguistic structures in embodied interaction.
Introducing English semantics
Trends in structural semantics
The socially distributed cognition of musical timbre : a convergence of semantic, perceptual, and acoustic aspects
In this paper, we develop a new way of understanding interactions in blended spaces. We do this by developing ideas about embodied semiotics and then apply these ideas to the analysis of interaction in mixed-reality blended spaces (where the physical world and digital world are blended deliberately to provide new forms of interaction). We discuss how blended spaces provide a new medium within which people have experiences. The semiotic analysis reveals how blended spaces are constructed across the physical and the digital, highlighting the ontology, topology, volatility, and agency present within them. It shows how people move between the physical and digital spaces through the objects and places that anchor them together. Our approach reveals more about the way bodily and higher cognitive functions are brought into play within a holistic interactive experience in which people move physically and conceptually through the layers of experience that make up the interaction.
The rhetorical-logical classification of semantic changes
Philosophical delusion and its therapy : outline of a philosophical revolution
Some contrastive considerations about semantics in the communication process
Context and presupposition
Possible-worlds ontology for semantic web
Communication : general semantics perspectives
Semantics : a new outline
A semantic analysis of power terms
Introduction to paremiology : a comprehensive guide to proverb studies
Meanings of designed spaces
Listellany : a miscellany of very British top tens, from politics to pop
Representation and inference for natural language : a first course in computational semantics
Empirical semantics : a collection of new approaches in the field. 2
Tags and tagging : creating meanings, organizing, and socializing with metadata : report on the <täky> project
On semantics
Semantics and communication
Discourse semantics
Real-time hermeneutics : meaning-making in ludonarrative digital games
The importance of semantics : visual world studies on drawing inferences and resolving anaphors
Happiness and joy in corpus contexts : a cognitive semantic analysis
"In an era marked by processes of economic, political and legal integration that are arguably unprecedented in their range and impact, the translation of law has assumed a significance which it would be hard to overstate. The following situations are typical. A French law school is teaching French law in the English language to foreign exchange students. Some US legal scholars are exploring the possibility of developing a generic or transnational constitutional law. German judges are referring to foreign law in a criminal case involving an honour killing committed in Germany with a view to ascertaining the relevance of religious prescriptions. European lawyers are actively working on the creation of a common private law to be translated into the 23 official languages of the European Union. Since 2004, the World Bank has been issuing reports ranking the attractiveness of different legal cultures for doing business. All these examples raise in one way or the other the matter of translation from a comparative legal perspective. Yet, in today's globalised world where the need to communicate beyond borders arises constantly in different guises, many comparatists continue not to address the issue of translation. This edited collection of essays brings together leading scholars from various cultural and disciplinary backgrounds who draw on fields such as translation studies, linguistics, literary theory, history, philosophy or sociology with a view to promoting a heightened understanding of the complex translational implications pertaining to comparative law, understood both in its literal and metaphorical senses"--
Semantic processing for finite domains
On verbalizing nouns in Uralic
Irony and humor : from pragmatics to discourse
Meaning and necessity : a study in semantics and modal logic
Changes in the field of obligation and necessity in contemporary British English : a corpus-based sociolinguistic study of semi-modal NEED TO
The Cambridge handbook of formal semantics
The limits of realism
Lecture et traduction = Reading and translation
Logics and falsifications : a new perspective on constructivist semantics
The semantics of questions and the theory of inquiry
Quality assurance in terminology management : recommendations from the TermFactory project
On the semantics of data abstraction
Man as a sign : essays on the philosophy of language
The semantics of free indirect discource : how texts allow us to mind-read and eavesdrop
A concise introduction to linguistics
Methodologies in semantic fieldwork
Troublesome words
Obscurity and clarity in the law : prospects and challenges
"The study of computational processes based on the laws of quantum mechanics has led to the discovery of new algorithms, cryptographic techniques, and communication primitives. This book explores quantum computation from the perspective of the branch of theoretical computer science known as semantics, as an alternative to the more well-known studies of algorithmics, complexity theory, and information theory. It collects chapters from leading researchers in the field, discussing the theory of quantum programming languages, logics and tools for reasoning about quantum systems, and novel approaches to the foundations of quantum mechanics. This book is suitable for graduate students and researchers in quantum information and computation, as well as those in semantics, who want to learn about a new field arising from the application of semantic techniques to quantum information and computation"--Provided by publisher.
The volume ends with a chapter devoted to a topic in applied linguistics: lexicography. For several articles video-examples are provided on the accompanying CD-ROM. This is just a relatively small portion of all the papers presented at TISLR 8, but it gives a representative sample of the research carried out in the field of sign linguistics. A field with an open horizon ahead! It was the second time that TISLR was organized outside North America and it attracted a very significant number of participants from all over the globe (almost 380). The book offers a representative sample of all those selected papers and it includes two of the invited lectures. All the articles submitted for this volume went through a specific anonymous peer reviewing procedure and the result of that is the collection presented here. The whole allows us to get a fair impression of a field that keeps expanding and becoming more and more prominent within linguistic research in general.
Truth, syntax and modality : Proceedings of the Temple university conference on alternative semantics
Irish sign language : a cognitive linguistic account
On semantic fields and componential analysis
Perché business is business : a study on anglicisms in Milano Finanza
Semantic universals and universal semantics
A cognitive theory of metaphor
Summary.
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
Content-based search and browsing in semantic multimedia retrieval
Verbal and Signed languages : comparing structures, constructs and methodologies
I never knew there was a word for it
Lexical structures and language use : proceedings of the International Conference on Lexicology and Lexical Semantics, Münster, September 13-15, 1994. Vol. 1, Plenary lectures and session papers
"The question of how to determine the meaning of compounds was prominent in early generative morphology, but lost importance after the late 1970s. In the past decade, it has been revived by the emergence of a number of frameworks that are better suited to studying this question than earlier ones. In this book, three frameworks for studying the semantics of compounding are presented by their initiators: Jackendoff's Parallel Architecture, Lieber's theory of lexical semantics, and Štekauer's onomasiological theory. Common to these presentations is a focus on English noun-noun compounds. In the following chapters, these theories are then applied to different types of compounding (phrasal, A+N, neoclassical) and other languages (French, German, Swedish, Greek). Finally, a comparison highlights how each framework offers particular insight into the meaning of compounds. An exciting new contribution to the field, this book will be of interest to morphologists, semanticists and cognitive linguists"--
The utility of meaning : what words mean and why
This book argues that the complex, anthropocentric, and often culture-specific meanings of words have been shaped directly by their history of 'utility' for communication in social life. N. J. Enfield draws on semantic and pragmatic case studies from his extensive fieldwork in Laos to investigate a range of semantic fields including emotion terms, culinary terms, landscape terminology, and honorific pronouns, among many others. These studies form the building blocks of a conceptual framework for understanding meaning in language. The book argues that the goals and relevancies of human communication are what bridge the gap between the private representation of language in the mind and its public processes of usage, acquisition, and conventionalization in society. Professor Enfield argues that in order to understand this process, we first need to understand the ways in which linguistic meaning is layered, multiple, anthropocentric, cultural, distributed, and above all, useful. This wide-ranging account brings together several key strands of research across disciplines including semantics, pragmatics, cognitive linguistics, and sociology of language, and provides a rich account of what linguistic meaning is like and why.
Syntactic structures
Practical tortoise raising : and other philosophical essays
Speaking of events
This book brings together novel work on the semantics and pragmatics of certain indefinite expressions that also convey modality. These epistemic indefinites are determiners or pronouns that signal ignorance on the part of the speaker, such as German irgendein and Spanish algun: the sentence Maria se caso con algun medico ('Maria married some doctor or other') both makes an existential statement that there is a doctor that Maria married and signals the speaker's inability or unwillingness to identify the doctor in question. Although epistemic indefinites have featured in recent semantic literature, a full understanding of the phenomenon is still lacking: there is currently no agreement on the source of their epistemic component; there is insufficient cross-linguistic data to develop a semantic typology of these items; and the parallelisms and differences between epistemic indefinites and other expressions that convey epistemic modality have not been explored in depth. In this volume, a team of experts in the field offer novel empirical observations and important theoretical insights on epistemic indefinites and related topics such as modal free relatives, modified numerals, and epistemic modals. They provide a coherent overview of the issues that shape the subject as well as placing them in the context of current semantic research, moving towards the development of a semantic typology of epistemic indefinites that explores the place of these expressions within a general typology of modal items.
The bounds of logic : a generalized viewpoint
Pure pragmatics and possible worlds : the early essays of Wilfrid Sellars
The Welsh language : studies in its syntax and semantics
The changing semantics of civil society : an analysis and critique of present-day European politics
Temporality in interaction
Evolutionary illustration of Chinese characters
Classical NEG raising : an essay on the syntax of negation
Content, meaning, and understanding
The semantic web and epistemic logic
The untranslatables : the most intriguing words from around the world
This book presents an innovative and novel approach to linguistic semantics, beginning with the idea that language can be described as a system for the expression of linguistic Meanings as particular surface forms or Texts. Semantics is specifically that system of rules that ensures a correct transition from a Semantic Representation of the Meaning of a family of synonymous sentences to the Deep Syntactic Representation of a particular sentence. Framed in the terms of Meaning-Text linguistics, this volume discusses in detail the problems of Semantic Representation —including the semantic structure of utterances, the semantics of Causation in English, and communicative, or information, structure. Based on the author's life-long dedication to the study of the semantics and syntax of natural language, this book is a paradigm-shifting contribution to the language sciences whose originality and daring will make it essential reading for linguists, anthropologists, semioticians, and computational linguists.
Meaning and relevance
Meaning and understanding
Problems of compositionality
Invidia, invidiosus, and invidiam facere : a semantic investigation
Gesture and multimodal development
This volume brings together recent research on the semantics and syntax of pseudo-incorporation, bringing into focus new empirical data from a wide array of languages, offering new formal analyses of the phenomenon and strengthening the links with other related phenomena.
"Philosophical Delusion and its Therapy" develops a novel account of the nature and genesis of philosophical problems. This account vindicates a revolutionary reorientation of philosophical work: the project of philosophical therapy pioneered by Ludwig Wittgenstein. With the help of concepts adapted from different branches of cognitive science (cognitive linguistics, cognitive and clinical psychology), the book explains where and why therapy is called for in philosophy, and develops techniques to actually carry it out.
Semantics : a coursebook
This collection of articles is a selection of some of the papers that were presented at the conference Theoretical Issues in Sign Language Research 8 (TISLR 8), which took place at the University of Barcelona between September 30th and October 2nd, 2004. TISLR is the most important international conference on sign language research and it constitutes a good overview of the current state of the field. First, because of the high standards held for the selection of papers, and second, because despite the linguistic focus, it incorporates work on sign in related fields such as neurolinguistics or psycholinguistics. The thematic blocks of the book deal with phonetics and phonology of sign, topics related to intonation, different aspects of morphology, syntax, semantics of sign languages, different aspects of sign language acquisition and two chapters are devoted to the analysis of what is commonly referred to as role shift.
The visual narrative reader
Interpretation skills : American sign language to English
Semiotics : the basics
Truth, syntax and modality : proceedings of the Temple university conference on alternative semantics
Epistemic indefinites : exploring modality beyond the verbal domain
The hypothetical semantic field: "change of state"
Structural semantics : an analysis of part of the vocabulary of Plato
Lexical structures and language use : proceedings of the International Conference on Lexicology and Lexical Semantics, Münster, September 13-15, 1994. Vol. 2, Session papers
The world and how we describe it : rhetorics of reality, representation, simulation
In the shadow of silent majorities or, the end of the social and other essays
Science and sanity : an introduction to non-Aristotelian systems and general semantics
Semantic fields in sign languages : colour, kinship and quantification
Words, worlds, and contexts : new approaches in word semantics
Semantic spaces of Persian light verbs
Semiotic principles in semantic theory
Understanding quotation
Words and phrases : corpus studies of lexical semantics
Liberating content
Resolving semantic ambiguity
Linking by types in the hierarchical lexicon
This book is intended for people working primarily from ASL to English. It identifies skills required to render ASL to English interpretations using the same research method as the first book. These two pieces of research complement each other and should be used together. In both books, the term ASL is used in its broadest sense meaning that Deaf/deaf signers may use a wide range of language from ASL native signing to a more English-based signing. This entire range of signing was included in the research. No restrictions were placed on the degree of ASL fluency.
The third edition of this popular textbook provides an engaging and accessible introduction to semantics for students new to the field. * Explores the basic concepts and methods of the field and discusses some of the most important contemporary lines of research* Contains new solutions to chapter exercises in order to familiarize the student with the practice of semantic description* Completely revised and updated to reflect recent theoretical developments* Includes new sections on classifiers and noun classes, as well as conceptual integration
Pragmatic a priori knowledge : a pragmatic approach to the nature and object of what can be known independently of experience
Representation, meaning and thought
The Importance of Semantics: Visual World Studies on Drawing Inferences and Resolving Anaphors
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Cognitive linguistics and translation : advances in some theoretical models and applications
Semiotics of the literary work in translation
Of pearls and pigs : a conceptual-semantic Tiernet approach to formal representation of structure and variation of phraseological units
Whores and cuckolds : on male and female terms in Shakespeare's comedies
Integrated semantic processing of complex pictures and spoken sentences : evidence from event-related potentials
Lightweight data and knowledge exchange for pervasive environments
Hunting for the meaning of an idiom : a vicious circle?
The syntactic and semantic structure of sentences with a position-filler "it" as a formal object
