http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p680 palm trees
palm trees
Cycads of the world
Manifestations of contemporary folk art and outsider art : international conference at Folk Arts Centre, Kaustinen, Finland, 22-25 May 2003 / editor: Raija Kallioinen
The Palm oil controversy in Southeast Asia : a transnational perspective
Palms for human needs in Asia : palm utilization and conservation in India, Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines
The structural biology of palms
Sustainability of palm oil production and opportunities for Finnish technology and know-how transfer
Palms in the rainforests of Peruvian Amazonia : uses and distribution
Pastures and cattle under coconuts
Jessenia and Oenocarpus: neotropical oil palms worthy of domestication
Implementation of Drupal e-commerce website : case: T:mi Jane Palmu Design
Kuvan kevät : [Taideyliopiston Kuvataideakatemian lopputyönäyttely = degree show of the Academy of Fine Arts] : näyttelykatalogi = exhibition catalogue : [Exhibition laboratory : Lisätila : Project room, Helsinki], 6. - 31.5.2015 / [kirjoittajat = writers: Attilia Fattori Franchini, Caspar Stracke, taiteilijat = artists ; toimittajat = editors Anni Anttonen ... [et al.] ]
Juhani Palmu / [tekstit: Guy-Patrice Dauberville, John F. Lanners, Dorothy Aminoff ... [et al.]]
Poverty alleviation and wise use of peatlands in Indonesia
Genera palmarum : a classification of palms based on the work of Harold E. Moore, Jr
Tallinn Applied Art Triennal : "Useless things", Applied Art Museum, Tallinn, June 20 - August 31 = Tallinna Rakenduskunsti Triennaal 1997 : "Tarbetud asjad, Tarbekunstimuseum, Tallinn, 20. juuni - 31. august / Tallinn Applied Art Triennial Society, the Estonian Artist`s Association ; the Art Museum of Estonia ; [organizers: Lea Pruuli, Merike Alber, Katrin Pere]
Genetic diversity and adaptation of date palm (Phoenix dactylifera L.)
Palms and flowers... of Florida. [Eighty-six drawings and descriptions]
Candlemaking the natural way : 31 projects with soy, palm & beeswax
Socio-economic impacts of bioenergy production
Vegetable oils in food technology : composition, properties and uses
Proceedings of the Fourth International Date Palm Conference : Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, March 15-17, 2010
Palms : an informative, practical guide to palms of the world, their cultivation, care and landscape use
Timber press pocket guide to palms
The hesitant boom: Indonesia's oil palm sub-sector in an era of economic crisis and political change
Fruit trees and useful plants in Amazonian life
Working conditions at the IOI Group's palm oil estates in Malaysia : a follow-up study
Utilization of tropical foods: trees
Productivity and technical efficiency of palm oil extraction mills in Nigeria
Cycads of South Africa
A book about grass : its beauty and uses
The coconut palm
Community-investor business models : lessons from the oil palm sector in East Malaysia
The social and environmental effects of the palm-oil industry in the Oriente of Ecuador
The palms of Madagascar
Commerce and economic change in West Africa : the palm oil trade in the nineteenth century
The coir processing industry in the Kurunegala district of Sri Lanka : an examination of its mode of development
Brazilian palms : notes on their uses and vernacular names, compiled and translated from Pio Corrêa's "Dicionario das Plantas Úteis do Brasil e das Exóticas Cultivadas," with updated nomenclature and added illustrations
E-commerce has become extremely popular during past few years. Many people work in businesses related to e-commerce. Many deals are made nowadays online instead of face to face. It is very convenient for a customer to shop from the comfort of their home instead of going physically to store. That's why many companies have invested lots of money for their web store, it is vital that everything is working, so that it is easy to do shopping for customer.    Previously it was common to open regular store before web store. Nowadays it is very common to have web stores that operate only in web and not locally. They don't have to, because people are so accustomed to shop in the Internet.    The study was carried out as system thesis. Theoretical part consists of information about e-commerce and Drupal. Based on that knowledge, working prototype of web store was created. The basic outline of the study was installing and developing web store with Drupal Übercart and making manual for site maintainer. Another goal was to see how easy these operations are done if has very limited experience of these tools.    The objectives of this study were achieved as planned: as an novice with these tools,  installing and developing a working prototype of a web store was achieved, web store manual for site maintainer created and knowledge gained from both Drupal and Übercart.
Genetic glass ceilings : transgenics for crop biodiversity
Fungi causing tar spots on palms
Proceedings of Cycad 2005 : the 7th International Conference on Cycad Biology
Manual to the palms of Ecuador
World oilseeds : chemistry, technology, and utilization
Juhani Palmu : symphonies of the soul = Seelenbilder
Northern fibre 1 : the first international workshop of textile art in nordic countries : Voipaala Art Centre, Valkeakoski, 4 August - 10 september 1995 / [editors: Raija Jokinen, Leena Lukkarinen, Eeva Mäkinen]
A trial management program for cycads in the Northern Territory of Australia
Review of the Nigerian Institute for Oil Palm Research (NIFOR)
The visible palm : market failures, industrial policy and the Malaysian palm oil industry
Liquid biofuels : emergence, development and prospects
The palms of the new world : a conservation census
Coconut, tree of life
Palms in forest ecosystems of Amazonia
The palms of Eldorado
Greenhouse gas emissions from peat and biomass-derived fuels, electricity and heat : estimation of various production chains by using LCA methodology
Non-timber forest products of East Kalimantan : potentials for sustainable forest use
The indigenous palms of Suriname
Palm distribution in the Peruvian lowland floodplain rainforest and the use of satellite imagery
Proceedings of Cycad 2008 : the 8th International Conference on Cycad Biology, 13 - 15 January 2008, Panama City, Panama
Oil palm plantation : impact on indigenous people and biodiversity in Borneo
The impacts and opportunities of oil palm in Southeast Asia : what do we know and what do we need to know?
The palm - tree of life : biology, utilization and conservation
Tropical flowering plants : a guide to identification and cultivation
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Genetic Resources of Bamboos and Palms and 3rd International Sympos[i]um on Ornamental Palms : Campinas, Brazil, November 21-25, 2010
Plant resources of South-East Asia. 6, Rattans
The date palm and its utilization in the southwestern states
Systematics and economic botany of the Oenocarpus - Jessenia (Palmae) complex
The ongoing expansion of oil palm plantations in the humid tropics, especially in Southeast Asia, is generating considerable concern and debate. Amid industry and environmental campaigners' claims, it can be hard to perceive reality. Is oil palm a valuable route to sustainable development or a costly road to environmental ruin? Inevitably, any answer depends on many choices. But do decision makers have the information they require to avoid pitfalls and make the best decisions? This review examines what we know and what we don't know about oil palm developments. Our sources include academic publications and 'grey' literature, along with expert consultations. Some facts are indisputable: among these are that oil palm is highly productive and commercially profitable at large scales, and that palm oil demand is rising. Implementing oil palm developments involves many tradeoffs. Oil palm's considerable profitability offers wealth and development where wealth and development are needed -- but also threatens traditional livelihoods. It offers a route out of poverty, while also making people vulnerable to exploitation, misinformation and market instabilities. It threatens rich biological diversity -- while also offering the finance needed to protect forest. It offers a renewable source of fuel, but also threatens to increase global carbon emissions. We remain uncertain of the full implications of current choices. How can local, regional and international benefits be increased while costs are minimised? While much important information is available, it is often open to question or hard to generalise. We conclude this review with a list of pressing questions requiring further investigation. Credible, unbiased research on these issues will move the discussion and practice forward.
Characteristics of tropical peat under a secondary forest and an oil palm plantation in Selangor, Malaysia
Candlemaking the natural way : 31 projects made with soy, palm & beeswax
Field guide to the palms of the Americas
Developments in oils and fats
The palms of the Amazon
Folkartist Balbina Norita Kintaro's Carolinian coconut palm frond weaving projects
The economics of oil palm
The subsidy from nature : palm forests, peasantry, and development on an Amazon frontier
The Geonomoid palms
Replanting the tree of life : towards an international agenda for coconut palm research
The evolutionary relevance of vegetative long-shoot/short-shoot differentiation in gymnospermous tree species
How sustainable biofuel business really is? : Today's issues on biofuel production
Proceedings of the Ist International Symposium on Date Palm : Algiers, Algeria, November 13-14, 2011
Field guide to palms in Papua New Guinea with a multi-access key and notes on the genera
Concerns about food and energy security, coupled with increasing returns from agriculture, have increased interest in agricultural investments in developing countries. Public debates about "land grabbing" have questioned the socio-economic impacts of large-scale land acquisitions. There is new interest in business models involving collaboration between companies and communities. In Eastern Malaysia, community-investor business models have been implemented for several years to expand oil palm cultivation in customarily held lands. This report documents lessons learned through case studies of different business models.
Evolution, variation, and classification of palms
