http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6810 nightlife
nightlife
London's Soho district underwent a spectacular transformation between the late Victorian era and the end of the Second World War. This title shows how the area's foreignness, liminality, and porousness were key to the explosion of culture and development of modernity in the first half of the twentieth century.
Cultures of darkness : night travels in the histories of transgression
At day's close : night in times past
Surgical treatment of colorectal cancer : controversial issues
Night-time and sleep in Asia and the West : exploring the dark side of life
Dark nights of the soul : a guide to finding your way through life's ordeals
"What does it mean to write a history of the night? Evening's Empire is a fascinating study of the myriad ways in which early modern people understood, experienced, and transformed the night. Using diaries, letters, and legal records together with representations of the night in early modern religion, literature and art, Craig Koslofsky opens up an entirely new perspective on early modern Europe. He shows how princes, courtiers, burghers and common people 'nocturnalized' political expression, the public sphere and the use of daily time. Fear of the night was now mingled with improved opportunities for labour and leisure: the modern night was beginning to assume its characteristic shape. Evening's Empire takes the evocative history of the night into early modern politics, culture and society, revealing its importance to key themes from witchcraft, piety, and gender to colonization, race, and the Enlightenment"--Provided by publisher.
Cultural mediators in a hegemonic nightlife : opportunities for drug prevention
Chicago blues : portraits and stories
"In this richly detailed exploration of Shanghai's night life, Andrew Field strips off glamorous cliches to weave together a complex and compelling tale of cabaret culture as a contested space of modernity caught in a constellation of unrelenting and contradictory social, economic and political forces." -- Christian Henriot, Senior Fellow, Institut d'Asie Orientale, Institut Universitaire de France.
Enter the void
Love on the left bank
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Villimpi Pohjola = [Northern overexposure]. 2
Burned : a house of night novel : book seven of the house of night series
"Books about Old Shanghai routinely refer in passing to the city's legendary cabarets and dance halls. Now, for the first time, historian Andrew Field provides us with a scholarly, accessible and detailed look at these establishments, showing us not just what they meant to globe-trotters and members of the local Chinese and Western elites but also to the people who worked in them. Making use of a dizzying array of familiar and little-known sources, ranging from archival documents to feature films and fiction, his book provides the most comprehensive picture to date of the entertainment venues that played an important role in the development of the most famous - and infamous - of China's treaty ports." -- Jeffrey N. Wasserstrom, author of Global Shanghai, 1850-2010 and co-founder of the "China Beat" blog.
Helsinki and a vision of place
The last party : Studio 54, disco, and the culture of the night
Paris noir : the secret history of a city
We are your friends
Enter the Void
Rebellion, community and custom in early modern Germany
Nurse educators' well-being at work in Finland
Shanghai's dancing world : cabaret culture and urban politics, 1919-1954
ITO : kilvoittelijan päiväkirja = a diary of an urban priest
Summary: Towards night in Helsinki.
In the watches of the night : life in the nocturnal city, 1820-1930
Drawing upon a unique and untapped reservoir of newspapers, magazines, novels, government documents, photographs and illustrations, this book traces the origin, pinnacle, and ultimate demise of a commercial dance industry in Shanghai between the end of the First World War and the early years of the People's Republic of China. Delving deep into the world of cabarets, nightclubs, and elite ballrooms that arose in the city in the 1920s and peaked in the 1930s, the book assesses how and why Chinese society incorporated and transformed this westernized world of leisure and entertainment to suit its own tastes and interests. Focusing on the jazz-age nightlife of the city in its "golden age," the book examines issues of colonialism and modernity, urban space, sociability and sexuality, and modern Chinese national identity formation in a tumultuous era of war and revolution.
Nights in the big city : Paris, Berlin, London 1840-1930
Bouncers : violence and governance in the night-time economy
Burned : a house of night novel
Nights out : life in cosmopolitan London
Drugs, clubs, and young people : sociological and public health perspectives
New York nocturne : the city after dark in literature, painting, and photography, 1850-1950
Evening's empire : a history of the night in early modern Europe
Enjoying the nightlife in Europe : the role of moderation
"It was thanks to its cabarets that Old Shanghai was called the P̀aris of the Orient.' No one has studied the rise and fall of those cabarets more extensively than Andrew Field. His book is packed with fascinating information and attests on every page to his understanding of Shanghai's history." -- Lynn Pan, author of Sons of the Yellow Emperor.
Villimpi Pohjola = Northern overexposure
Paris by night
Drugs and youth cultures : global and local expressions
Bulgaria : a book about Helsinki : you should be here!
Bright young things
The Haçienda : how not to run a club
By night : featuring the guys
Annual report 2006 : selected issues
"Constructing a rich tapestry of example and experience spanning eight centuries, Palmer's fascinating account details lives of exclusion and challenge, as the "night travels" of the transgressors clash repeatedly with the powerful conventions of their times. Nights of liberation and exhilarating desire are at the heart of this study but so, too, are the dangers cloaked in darkness. Palmer reveals those hidden spaces where darkness concealed acts of brutalizing terror or alternately provided refuge, solace, or freedom. Using the night as metaphor and unifying theme Palmer takes an unflinching look at those dissident or oppositional cultures and movements and shows how they were fueled and shaped by the rise and transformation of capitalism."--BOOK JACKET.
Night flowers : from avant-drag to extreme haute couture
The gentrification of nightlife and the right to the city : regulating spaces of social dancing in New York
