http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6819 regions (administrative areas)
regions (administrative areas)
Tampere region : offering the best of Finland
The core of the sun
Dark energy, extended gravity, and solar system constraints
Feminism without borders : decolonizing theory, practicing solidarity
Approaching Xihaigu
Teejuht Eesti maakonnad : Viron maakuntien opas = Travel guide to the counties of Estonia = Putevoditel' po uezdam Èstonii
The great degeneration : how institutions decay and economies die
The languages of the world
Integrated marketing communications plan for online newspaper : case : ess.fi of Mediatalo Esa
The region of Satakunta
Studies on corporate social responsibility in the Finnish small business context
Introduction to astronomy and cosmology
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Aspects on the Development of Finnish Rural Commercial and Communal Centers; Case Study : A General Development Plan of the New Vääksy Commercial Center in Asikkala, Finland
Participatory mapping and geographical patterns of the social landscape values of rural communities in Zanzibar, Tanzania
The natural provinces
Models in country scale carbon accounting of forest soils
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Russkaâ provinciâ = The Russian province
Re-articulating information society discourse(s) : a cultural studies approach to postcolonial locale(s)
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Towards a Nordic competition state? Politico-economic transformation of statehood in Finland, 1965-2005
Statistiköversikt : landskapet Österbotten 2003 = Tilastokatsaus : Pohjanmaan maakunta 2003 = Statistical Review : Region of Ostrobothnia 2003.
The European strategy of North Karelia : English summary
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
China's provinces in reform : class, community, and political culture
Migration, small municipalities and the transition in the forms of social capital
UTU35 : a future for you too ? : Uusimaa 2035 scenario project
Coastal communities on the move : house and polity interaction in Southern Ostrobothnia 1500 BC-AD 1
This study examined the extent to which farmer cooperatives enjoy social capital within their memberships as they become internationalised. The empirical basis was a survey of farmers in Finland. Findings from limited dependent variable regression models suggest that one group of farmers is loyal to the cooperative and opposes its foreign investments. A second and a third group have lower levels of social capital and switch membership status between multiple cooperatives or opt out of cooperatives. These farmers welcome international investment. This finding was more significant for individual farm types than the social capital-linked opposition to internationalisation. A general conclusion is that the internationalization of cooperatives seems affect the members' trust in the cooperative differently. The increasing heterogeneity within the memberships may give rise to governance problems.
Karelia : battlefield, bridge, myth
World flags identifier : illustrated encyclopedia
Abstract: National legislatures and EU governance.
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
Ostrobothnia in the history of Finland
Bakery à la carte
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
Abstract (1 s.).
The Role of the Public Sector in Fostering Corporate Social Responsibility : The Case of Estonia
Perspectives to global social development
An evaluation of regional development potential and strategic planning in Tampere region
Fort of Jungfruskär 1939 - 1999.
National religion and the prayer book controversy
Golden age : a novel
S. 143-159: Lapland : yesterday - today - tomorrow.
Azerbaijan : ethnicity and the struggle for power in Iran
Dream society? Ubiquitous society? No society? : futures for Finland and the world as seen from a small pacific island
Barries to utilization of focused antenatal care among pregnant women in ntchisi district in Malawi
Rural-urban policy effects on the regional economies of South Ostrobothnia and North Karelia
Lapland 2020 : regional plan
Xinjiang of China : its past and present
In their Natural Resource Governance and EITI Implementation in Nigeria, Musa Abutudu and Dauda Garuba provide the most up-to-date and in-depth analysis of the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), providing a balanced yet critical evaluation of its performance, limitations and potential as an institution for helping Africa's largest oil exporter to escape the so called resource curse and lay a firm basis for sustainable development. This Current African Issue contains valuable insights and information that will be of interest to all those with a keen interest in institutionalising transparency and accountability in natural resource governance in Africa.
The long Earth
People attach commonly approved social values subjectively to landscape. These values vary spatially and can be studied in geographical context. In sustainable management of cultural landscapes, social values should be taken into account as professionally as the analysis of physical landscape features. This case study applies participatory and GIS techniques in the mapping and geographical analysis of social landscape values in a multifunctional cultural landscape in Zanzibar island, Tanzania. Social landscape data were collected with single-informant interviews using participatory GIS (PGIS) techniques. Four different social landscape values (subsistence, traditional, aesthetic and leisure) were mapped on an orthophotoimage individually by 149 informants. Data were spatially and statistically analysed to construct understanding of the community level patterns of the social landscape values. Results show geographical differences between individually and collectively held values in their distribution and clustering across the landscape. These patterns reflect local culture and its interpretation of different social landscape values. Results address the importance of local stakeholder participation when spatial planning and management of multifunctional cultural landscapes are realized. The paper discusses these management implication and methodological challenges of using participatory GIS techniques in studying cultural landscapes.
World at risk
Zhōngguó shǎnxī : Huáxià wénmíng de yáolán = China's Shaanxi : the cradle of the Chinese civilization
The challenges of the Medvedev era
Living the urban challenge : sustainable development and social sustainability in two southern megacities
Österbotten i siffror = Pohjanmaa lukuina = Ostrobothnia in numbers : 2008.
Finland's Åland Islands : historic playground
The houses of Vasa and Jagello, and Ivan IV Vasilievich : some hypotheses concerning the origin of the Swedish provincial arms
National regional development targets for the period 2007-2011
Five thousand years after a catastropic event sends a small surviving remnant of humanity into outer space, the progeny of those survivors--seven distinct races now three billion strong--embark on a journey into the unknown to return to Earth.
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers and laborers
Article 27 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Internet : a study evaluating role of prosumers, authors and corporations in the information society
Measuring eco-efficiency : a case study of agriculture in the Kymenlaakso region, Finland
Teejuht Eesti maakonnad : Viron maakuntien opas = Travel guide to the counties of Estonia = Putevoditel po ujezdam Estonii
Rural financial services and effects of microfinance on agricultural productivity and on poverty
South Great Plain Region : The south-eastern gate of the enlarging European Union : information about the region
The most beautiful country towns of England
Communities as factors of social geography : the Finnish rural settlements in the vicinity of Thunder Bay, Ontario
Rome and provincial resistance
Snæfellsnes as a brand : a study in regional brand identity
Local Decision Making III
Knowledge, space, economy
The North Karelian EU programme 1995-1999
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Kovakuoriaisten maakuntaluettelo 2015 = Provincial list of Finnish coleoptera 2015
New modes of globalizing : experimentalist forms of economic organization and enabling welfare institutions : lessons from the Nordic countries and Slovenia
Hidden France : an insider's guide to the most beautiful villages
"The conclusion of the Red Rising trilogy. Born a lowly Red in the mines of Mars, Darrow lost his beloved wife to the treacherous Gold overlords. Vowing to fight for the future that his wife believed in, Darrow joins a secret revolutionary group and is remade into a Gold so that he can infiltrate the ruling class and bring them down from the inside. Now, after years of hiding amongst the Golds, Darrow is finally ready to declare open revolution and throw off the chains of oppression. Nothing in Darrow's world has been easily won, and this final fight will be the most harrowing of all"
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Karelia: history, ideals, identity : Karelian history from the Finnish viewpoint
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
Mobile technology, gender and development in  Africa, India and Bangladesh
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
The girl with seven names : a North Korean defector's story
On the concept and delimitation of the present-day provinces of Finland
We live in an era of rapid transformation of the European states, which are taking new forms rather than disappearing or being hollowed out. This transformation inescapably touches upon the question of the interaction between a state and its territory. Since there is a growing need to conceptualize this change in statehood from a historical perspective on various margins of Europe, this paper aims at providing a context-sensitive theorization of the gradual transformation of the spatiality of the Keynesian welfare state in Finland. The arguments presented are authenticated by reference to documents on Finnish public investment policy as evidence of the changes in state strategies from the 1960s onwards. The paper concludes that the change from "regimes of security political survival" to "regimes of survival in international economic competition" has inevitably influenced the relationship between the Finnish state and its territory. It also suggests, however, that inertia caused by the embedded spatial culture of the welfare state has hindered the development of a truly international competition state characterized by economic efficiency rather than territorial and social equalization. We therefore conceptualize the contemporary condition of Finnish statehood as spatially promiscuous, in that the Finnish state is becoming an increasingly complex combination of the marketplace model (the glocal state) and one nation politics (territorial integrity).
And the mountains echoed
Kasvun uusi suuntaus = The way ahead for growth
Media, monarchy and power
Spanish cooking : a fiesta of original regional recipes
Sapiens : a brief history of humankind
An intergovernmental organization and its reputation according to politicians : case: the United Nations in Finland
Regions under the pressure of change
Good people
Russia now ranks among the world's ten largest economies and continues to experience rapid growth. Industrial investment and real incomes are soaring. Federal finances are in excellent shape, giving the government a welcome opportunity to invest in long-term development of human capital, improvement of living conditions and bolstering of the country's infrastructure. Fixing Russia, however, is not without its challenges. For long-neglected sectors such as health care and education, financial infusions alone will be insufficient to bring change - structural reforms are needed. Double-digit inflation has also returned after slowing throughout most of the 2000s. The rise in prices has been driven by a global increase in food prices, along with a number of domestic factors. Finland has benefited from Russia's economic growth, and exports to Russia have risen rapidly even with the loss of market share to competitors. Energy's significance for the Russian economy remains large and the country has huge opportunities to improve its efficiency of energy use and production through e.g. price deregulation. While the direction is clear, the road ahead for Russia will not be easy. Russia seeks to become a leading global innovator over the medium term - a perhaps overambitious goal given the starting point.  Key words: Russia, economy, social issues, foreign trade, energy.
"At home they long for far away, abroad they yearn for home" : Swedish-speaking Ostrobothnia
The infinite sea
South Ostrobothnia's future plan : regional development plan 2040 & regional programme 2014-2017
Toponymic Guidelines for Map Editors and Other Editors : Finland
The information society strategy of the West Finland Alliance
Abstract in English.
Farmers' reactions to the internationalisation of cooperatives
The shift omnibus
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
"Now we are a town" : chiefs, investors, and the state in Zambia's Western province
History of the five Indian nations : depending on the Province of New York in America
America's regional cookbook
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
The Taste of Ireland : Landscape, Culture & food
The internationalization readiness and willingness of Southern Pirkanmaa food- and packaging companies
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Statistiköversikt : landskapet Österbotten = Tilastokatsaus : Pohjanmaan maakunta = Statistical review : region of Ostrobothnia : 2005.
Ostrobothnia in Finnish history
Trieste : Adriatic emporium and gateway to the heart of Europe
South Ostrobothnia - smart outstanding : strategy for smart specialisation
Xiamen jiuying = Old photos of Xiamen
Effects of land tenure and property rights on agricultural productivity in Ethiopia, Namibia and Bangladesh
Liberal organization for counties
Stakeholder's involvement in municipal solid waste management : a case study of Nairobi city county- Kenya
Social workers’ interpretations of generalist social work in rural areas
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Trichoptera in Finnish biogeographical provinces
"This book demonstrates and analyzes patterns in the response of the Imperial Roman state to local resistance, focusing on decisions made within military and administrative organizations during the Principate. Through a thorough investigation of the official Roman approach towards local revolt, author Gil Gambash answers significant questions that, until now, have produced conflicting explanations in the literature: Was Rome's rule of its empire mostly based on oppressive measures, or on the willing cooperation of local populations? To what extent did Roman decisions and actions indicate a dedication towards stability in the provinces? And to what degree were Roman interests pursued at the risk of provoking local resistance? Examining the motivations and judgment of decision-makers within the military and administrative organizations--from the emperor down to the provincial procurator--this book reconstructs the premises for decisions and ensuing actions that promoted negotiation and cooperation with local populations. A ground-breaking work that, for the first time, provides a centralized view of Roman responses to indigenous revolt, Rome and Provincial Resistance is essential reading for scholars of Roman imperial history"--From publisher's website.
Corporate social responsibility as an intergovernmental policy agenda : public policy developments and challenges at the European Union level
Abstract: Recruitment of MP's and determination of electoral success.
Governance matters : China's developing western region with a focus on Qinghai province
Beyond the medieval village : the diversification of landscape character in southern Britain
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Northern Ostrobothnia regional land use plan : summary
The world : a beginner's guide
The glass room
Natural resource governance and EITI implementation in Nigeria
Immigrant entrepreneurs : venturing abroad in the age of globalization
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
Statistiköversikt : landskapet Österbotten = Tilastokatsaus : Pohjanmaan maakunta = Statistical review : region of Ostrobothnia : 2007.
The institution and the role of the regional councils within Finnish regional policy governance : an outsider perspective
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Museums in FC : archaeology, art, ethnography, natural science, entertainment, history, house museums
Statistiköversikt : landskapet Österbotten 2004 = Tilastokatsaus : Pohjanmaan maakunta 2004 = Statistical review : Region of Ostrobothnia 2004.
The world social forum and the globalization of social movements and public spheres
Geographical information systems and science
Resilience: an all-encompassing solution to global problems? A biopolitical analysis of resilience in the policies of EC, FEMA, UNDP, USAID, WB, and WEF
Cooperatives as a tool for poverty reduction and promoting business in Tanzania
