http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p681 snow
snow
Snowmen : snow creatures, crafts, and other winter projects
Seasonal snow in Antarctica : data report II
Caz has been living in the department store since the day the Blue Star came and killed everyone who breathed in its toxic snow. She can't do so much as look outside. But life in the store is getting dangerous and so Caz decides to take her chances in the world outside, with only Will for company. What will she find in the bleak landscape? And is there even anything to find / WorldCat.
Snow and ice climbing
At the world's end
Ken Libbrecht's field guide to snowflakes
Tiger in the snow!
The endangered Saimaa ringed seal in a changing climate : challenges for conservation and monitoring
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
Handbook of snow : principles, processes, management and use
Observations and analysis of snow crystals for proving the suitability as aerological sonde : final report, January 15, 1959 - January 15, 1960. 2, Special studies on the sequence of snow crystal types, on hoar-frost crystals
Mapping the spatial distribution of geomorphological processes in the Okstindan area of northern Norway, using Geomorphic Process Units as derived from remote sensing and ground survey
Miffy in the snow
Winter carbon losses from a boreal mire succession sequence follow summertime patterns in carbon dynamics
Snow is my favourite and my best
Specific roles of epithelial integrins in chemical and physical sensing of the extracellular matrix to regulate cell shape and polarity
The wild weather book : loads of things to do outdoors in rain, wind and snow
The snow friends
The snowy special
Snow play : how to make forts & slides & winter campfires plus the coolest Loch Ness monster and 23 other brilliant projects in the snow
Automatic processing chain for SAR data-based snow-covered area estimation method
Spatial and temporal variability of net accumulation from shallow cores from Vestfonna Ice Cap (Nordaustlandet, Svalbard)
Snow pack structure characteristics in Finland : measurements and modelling
Proceedings of a Meeting on Modeling of snow cover runoff
Extreme weather
One Winter's Day
Snow design from Lapland : initiating cooperation
Canada's changing North
Silent as the grave
Modelling crown snow loads in Finland: a comparison of two methods
Moomin and the winter snow
Snow crystals : natural and artificial
The snow child
The Avalanche handbook
Learn about snow--how snowflakes are formed, why they fall, if each snowflake is really unique, and other facts. Also learn about Wilson A. Bentley, the first person to photograph an individual snowflake. / WorldCat.
Model prediction of frost tolerance as related to winter survival of wheat in Finnish field trials
Snow bears
Kipper's snowy day
Winter art as an experience
Glaciochemical evidence of spatial and temporal environmental variability across Svalbard
The snowy day
Ilmastotilastoja Suomesta = Climatic statistics of Finland
The snow whale
Freaky snow dude
Charlie and the big snow
Physical properties of snow cover of the greater Caucasus
Principles of snow hydrology
Impacts of strong winds, heavy snow loads and soil frost conditions on the risks to forests in Northern Europe
First snow
Spot's snowy day
The snow wombat
Carl's snowy afternoon
The runaway sleigh ride
Snowboarding : the ultimate guide
Transworld snowboarding : e-lehti
Light boxes : a novel
Snow crystals
International Conference on Snow Hydrology : the integration of physical, chemical and biological systems : 6-9 October 1998, Brownsville, VT, USA : abstracts
Snowpack characteristics of Vestfonna and De Geerfonna (Nordaustlandet, Svalbard) : a spatiotemporal analysis based on multiyear snow-pit data
Relationships between climate and winter cereal grain quality in Finland and their potential for forecasting
Staying alive in avalanche terrain
An empirical model for retrieving snow water equivalent from C-band polarimetric SAR data
Chasing epic : the snowboard photographs of Jeff Curtes
Christmas snow puppy
Seasonal snowcovers: physics, chemistry, hydrology
Annual cycle of the active surface layer in Western Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
When will it snow?
Snortex : snow reflectance transition experiment
Storing beetle-killed logs under snow to reduce losses after mountain pine beetle attack
Factors affecting the snow and wind induced damage of a montane secondary forest in northeastern China
Snow bear
International conference on low temperature science. I. Conference on physics of snow and ice. II. Conference on cryobiology. August, 14-19, 1966, Sapporo, Japan. 1:2, Physics of snow and ice
The art of the snowflake : a photographic album
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
The Lure of Winter: an educational perspective. Winter art as art, community and environment project studies
Snowed in for Christmas
Slurry handling and pipeline transport. 12, Hydrotransport
The abominable snowman : a short story from dragons at crumbling castle
Temporal and spatial occurrence of strong winds and large snow load amounts in Finland during 1961-2000
Trees against the wind
Maisy's Christmas Eve
Curious about snow
When the snow comes
Snow deposit melt and atmospheric icing : analysis and modelling by weather station data
A simple dilatometer for determination of the free water content of snow
White death
Architecture of snow castles and other snow constru[c]tion for grown-up chi[l]dren. 1
Summary.
Effect of weather and climatological background on snow damage of forests in Southern Finland in November 1991.
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
Spatial distribution of snow in Antarctica and other glacier studies using ground-penetrating radar
The project is aimed at combining design competence, Lapland's winter arts and events, and snow and ice construction technologies in order to develop an export product in cooperation with educational organisations and businesses. The objective is to develop an internationally competitive service innovation product to leverage Lapland's versatile expertise of snow-related technologies and applications in different events and offerings of the tourism industry. Businesses work together with educational organisations on the design and implementation of different types of snow and ice environments and the development of marketing concepts throughout the project. The working methods and latest technical data of user-oriented design, service design, environmental & community art and the adventure activity industry are exploited and leveraged in project activities. The project is based on collecting, combining, disseminating and applying multidisciplinary knowledge. Businesses can increase their know-how in the development of demanding snow and ice technology applications by using their combined resources and versatile expertise areas. Lapland Snow Design provides opportunities for groundbreaking product development and creates inroads to new international markets. The project is co-funded by the Regional Council of Lapland / The European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), University of Lapland, Rovaniemi University of Applied Sciences, Rovaniemi Regional Development Agency, Valosa Oy, Arctice Oy, Snowflake Oy / Arctic Snow Hotel Oy and SnowKemi / IP-Heikkilä Oy.
Snow modeling on Tellbreen, Svalbard with snowpack snow physical model during winter and spring 2009
One snowy night
Studies of the mechanical properties of cross-country skis
Secrets of the snow : visual clues to avalanche and ski conditions
Snow and ice : [a study project]
Spatial variability and temporal changes in snow chemistry, Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
Atlas snežno-ledovyh resursov mira = World atlas of snow and ice resources
Snow is falling
Harry and the snow king
A very Marley Christmas
Handbook of snow : principles, processes, management & use
On the accumulation and the decreasing of snow in pine dominated forest in Finland
Although carbon (C) gas exchange during the summer largely determines the annual C balance of mires, the wintertime fluxes cannot be ignored. Decomposition continues as long as the soil is not frozen and a proportion of the gases produced during summer are also released during winter. We measured carbon dioxide (CO2) and methane (CH4) fluxes along a successional mire sequence during two winters following growing seasons with divergent weather conditions. We studied the successional trends in wintertime C release in boreal mires, and quantified the contribution of wintertime C fluxes to annual fluxes. Wintertime CO2 and CH4 fluxes from the successional mire sequence were related to the flux rates during the previous summer. Average winter CO2 release along the successional sequence varied between 19.5 and 44.9 g CO2-C m-2 winter-1(6-months), and accounted for 8-14% of the annual CO2 release. There was no clear successional trend in CO2 fluxes. Average winter CH4 release along the successional sequence varied between 0.20 and 7.29 CH4-C g m-2 winter-1 (6-months).The winter CH4 fluxes accounted for up to 38% of the annual CH4 emissions. Occasional CH4 uptake was detected at the younger successional stages during winter following the dry summer, while after the wet summer all sites emitted CH4. In general, most of the winter C losses were composed of CO2..
Evolution of snow cover and dynamics of atmosphere deposits in the snow in the Antarctica : data report
Group selection silvicultural systems for high-elevation forests (ESSFwc3) to maintain caribou habitat in the Cariboo region
Hydrological processes in Firn on Storglaciären, Sweden
Ice and construction : state-of-art report prepared by RILEM Technical Committee TC-118, Ice and construction
Boreal and subarctic soils under climatic change
Sam's snowflake
Determination of areal snow water equivalent using satellite images and gamma ray spectrometry
A wanderer in the landscape : reflections on the relationship between art and the Northern environment
Snow and ice control manual for transportation facilities
The Snow Tourist
Remote sensing of snow-cover for the boreal forest zone using microwave radar
Tinyrannosaurus and the Bigfootosaurus!
Touching north
The cold book
Forest hydrology : processes, management and assessment
Fifty places to ski and snowboard before you die : downhill experts share the world's greatest destinations
Snow and glacier hydrology
Urban snowmelt processes : modelling and observation
Factors controlling the surface energy budget over snow and ice
The little book of snowflakes
Snowflake in my pocket
The snow booklet : a guide to the science, climatology, and measurement of snow in the United States : Nolan J. Doesken, Arthur Judson
Field guide to snow crystals
Snow and living things
Regional climatic signals in Scots pine growth with insights into snow and soil associations
The snow queen
The snowy surprise
The snow angel
Messages from water : the first pictures of frozen water crystals
Comparison of snow gauges used in Nordic countries - contribution of Finland to WMO solid precipitation measurement intercomparison. Part 1, System description
International conference on low temperature science. I. Conference on physics of snow and ice. II. Conference on cryobiology. August, 14-19, 1966, Sapporo, Japan. 1:1, Physics of snow and ice
Spatio-temporal climate variability and snow resource changes in Finland
Miss Smilla's feeling for snow
Impact of the microstructure of precipitation and hydrometeors on multi-frequency radar observations
Stella : queen of the snow
Snow and snow ice in sea ice thermodynamic modeling
Wnt-11 signaling roles during heart and kidney development
Tell me why rain is wet
Once upon a northern night
Diary of a wimpy kid. 6, Cabin fever
Snow constructions : general rules for design and construction
Improving flood forecasting using multi-source remote sensing data : report of the Floodfore project
Smilla's sense of snow
Overwintering strategies of a boreal small mammal in a changing climate
A perfect day
Facets of hydrology
Snow in America
The snowflake : winter's secret beauty
Avalanche handbook
