http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6813 collection of charges
collection of charges
Income withholding and overtime payment
Withholding taxes and the fundamental freedoms
An introduction to Danish law
Cases and materials on creditors' and debtors' protection
Lived economies of default : consumer credit, debt collection and the capture of affect
Yhdenmukaiset perittäväsäännöt = ICC uniform rules for collections
Accounts receivable: debt collection : case Metso Shared Services Oy
Payment methods and collection : an information booklet for an online business
The complete Max Cavalera collection : 1987-1996
The Effects of the New Credit Management Process and OnGuard Software on the Case Company South Europe
Java's interfaces substituting multiple inheritance
European tax handbook 1996
The relationship between Hofstede's and Schwartz's cultural dimensions and payment delays in the context of the European Union
The current financial crisis has made it significantly important to ensure timely collection of receivables. The purpose of this thesis was to gather information about the current debt collection process and challenges at Metso Shared Services Oy. In addition the differences in debt collection among the customer Metso Business Units were researched. Global facet was gained with benchmarking to Metso Shared Services Montreal office. Ultimately an improvement proposal to harmonize the debt collection process was introduced. The data were collected from the accounts receivable teams at the Metso Shared Services Tampere and Montreal offices and their managers. The study was carried out as personal interviews and questionnaires. The data were analyzed using qualitative and quantitative content analysis. The empirical part consists of the theory of accounts receivable, debt collection and international communication in order to support the practical parts of this thesis. The results indicate most differences in the last phases of the debt collection process at Metso Shared Services Oy. The majority of the interviewees stated that the major challenges were communication or technology related. Good practices were linked with clear, efficient and timely debt collection. In addition, prompt communication was appreciated. As a conclusion, changes to the general debt collection process were proposed in order to harmonize the process among the customer Metso Business Units. Furthermore additional technical tools were suggested. The key to effective debt collection was good communication between the collectors and the customer Metso Business Unit. Further research and effort is required to implement harmonized and uniformed debt collection process. In order to successfully implement more effective debt collection process engagement from all parties is required. As a request from the commissioner Metso Shared Services Oy, some parts of this final thesis are disclosed.
International withholding tax : a practical guide to best practice and benchmarking
