http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6818 administrative areas
administrative areas
The structure of local governments throughout the world
The Territories of the Russian Federation : 2010
Building competitive regions : strategies and governance
The reorganisation of provincial territories in light of the imperial decision-making process : later Roman Arabia and Tres Palaestinae as case studies
Centre-periphery structures in Europe : an ISSC workbook in comparative analysis
An environmental profile and atlas of Caprivi
Function based regional administration : a model of successful public management reform
The christianisation of Finland : a case of want of power in a peripheral area
Constitutional and economic space of the small Nordic jurisdictions : the Aaland Islands, the Faroe Islands, Greenland, Iceland
Newsletter from Research and Co-operation Centre FO-RUM
Local level - always a missing link in decentralisation process? : the politics of decentralisation in Mozambique
Expansion and crisis in Louis XIV's France : Franche-Comté and absolute monarchy, 1674-1715
Centre-periphery relations in Western Europe
Challenges of Qinghai Province
The institution and the role of the regional councils within Finnish regional policy governance : an outsider perspective
Marathon fighters and men of maple : Ancient Acharnai
The territories of the Russian Federation 2004.
Elite bargaining and the evolution of centre-periphery relations in post-Soviet Russia : a comparative analysis
New trends in local government in Western and Eastern Europe
Exile, colonial space, and deterritorialized people in Eastern Indonesian history
Developing adaptation policy and practice in Europe : multi-level governance of climate
After the reforms of the 1990s in Finnish public administration : a review of regional and municipal administration
The republics and regions of the Russian Federation : a guide to politics, policies, and leaders
Basic problems concerning supervision over activity of the Polish self-government units
The effectiveness of the Arctic Council
Access of firms to public procurement in Russia in the 2000s : before and after radical reform of regulation
The Seym and People's Councils in Poland
Elections by design : parties and patronage in Russia's regions
Report of the third Meeting of Regional Fishery Bodies : Rome, 3-4 March 2003.
Planning local economic development : theory and practice
Report of the FAO/FFA Regional Workshop to Promote the Full and Effective Implementation of Port State Measures to Combat Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, Nadi, Fiji, 28 August-1 September 2006.
Tullipiirit 1.9.1992 = Tulldistrikten 1.9.1992 = Customs districts 1.9.1992
The years 1881-1894 in Russia--a memorandum found in the papers of N.Kh. Bunge : a translation and commentary
Conditions for different autonomy regimes in the world : a fuzzy-set application
Local governance and the drivers of growth
Placing castles in the conquest : landscape, lordship and local politics in the South-Eastern Midlands, 1066-1100
Cities and global governance : new sites for international relations
Spain : a federation in the making?
Participatory governance in rural development : evidence from Ukraine
Adaptation to climate change in the administrative sector of the Ministry of the Environment : action plan update for 2011-2012
Civilian administration in the occupied West Bank : analysis of Israeli military government order No. 947
Iceland
Arctic governance  in an evolving Arctic region : a proposal
Understanding urban government : metropolitan reform reconsidered
This paper considers the main consequences of the radical reform of public procurement in Russia carried out in 2005-2006. Using data from two surveys of manufacturing enterprises in 2005 and 2009 we show that before the reform firms with government stakes, old firms (established before 1992) and larger firms had advantages in access to government orders. Our analysis of the 2009 data demonstrated substantial growth in the share of firms participating in government procurements. Large firms retain their advantages in access to government orders. The fact of having fulfilled government orders in 2005 has a positive influence on a firm’s participation in government procurements in 2009. Estimated scales of “kickback” in 2009 were virtually the same as in 2005. Our analysis of the 2009 data also revealed that factors of active restructuring of the enterprises had no influence on the enterprises’ access to government orders. The results of our analysis enable us to conclude that the principal goals of the radical reform of public procurement in Russia were never achieved. We discuss the reasons for this failure and provide some policy implications.  Keywords: Russia, regions, corruption, government, procurement.
The Arkhangelsk oblast has long been one of Russia's most important forest industrial regions. This paper analyses the changes in accessibility of forest resources and forest commodity production during the transition period in the 1990s. Special attention is given to firm restructuring, active roles of domestic capital and the different survival strategies that have been developed by industries in the region. Further analysis deals with signs of economic recovery in the forest sector due to the processes of restructuring, modernisation and self-organisation.
The NSR: impacts on the Nenets Autonomous Okrug regional development and social/economic conditions of the Nenets population
Regional development on our own : views from the new EU member states : proceedings of the seminar Individual autonomy and autonomy in government : 12th-13th September, Joensuu, Finland
Acts of occupation : Canada and Arctic sovereignty, 1918-25
Reinventing the third way : towards new forms of economic and democratic conduct
An Overview of How Municipality Representatives and Different Authorities Perceive Marine Resources Management
The territories of the Russian Federation : 2003.
Developing local democracy : the state and challenges of Finnish local democracy in the postmodern era
Inner city regeneration : the demise of regional and local government
Determinants of centre-region relations in the Russian federation
Regional self-government in Russia : the situation in the county of Murmansk
The territories of the Russian Federation 2001.
Development of Regions in Latvia
Definition and limits of the principles of subsidiarity : report prepared for the Steering Committee on Local and Regional Authorities (CDLR)
The province strikes back : imperial dynamics in the Eastern Mediterranean
Debating nationhood and governance in Britain, 1885-1945 : perspectives from the 'four nations'
From submission to rebellion : the provinces versus the center in Russia
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2009-2012
Offers insights on the the nature of the French absolute monarchy, and the political legacy of the Sun King. This book examines these aspects of the age of the Sun King through the experience of Franche-Comte, a possession of the Spanish empire with a long history of autonomy, conquered by Louis XIV in 1674.
Governance matters : China's developing western region with a focus on Qinghai province
Annotated bibliography of select government publications on Australian territories 1951-1964
Redistributive regionalism : narratives on regionalisation in the Nordic periphery
Attempts at local government reform in Estonia
Local government law
XXIII. Limes Congress 2015 : abstracts of lectures and posters, list of participants
Executive summary (s. 7-17).
The significance of local governments in brownfield redevelopment projects
Forests and forestry in Poland, Lithuania, the Ukraine, and the Baltic provinces of Russia, with notices of the export of timber from Memel, Danzig and Riga
Environmental management for industrial estates : information and training resources
Development of forest sector in the Arkhangelsk oblast during the transition period of the 1990s
Abstract.
Decentralization : the territorial dimension of the state
The Byzantine Patriarchate 451-1204
Stakeholder relations in the regional state administration : case Central Finland Regional Environment Centre
Renaissance in the regions : a new vision for England's museums
Regional policy and local governments
Synergy in regional development
The province strikes back imperial dynamics in the eastern Mediterranean
Local government, planning and land act 1980
Governing greater Stockholm : a study of policy development and system change
The Faroe Islands
Reenergizing local governance in Korea : a new era of decentralization
What makes borders real : in the Namibia-Zambia and Uganda-South Sudan borderlands
Between Europeanization and local societies : the space for territorial governance
