http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6821 farms
farms
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
Perfectly matched : a novel
We visit the farm : Reproductions of antique dimensional pictures by Ernest Nister
Replacement decisions on Finnish dairy farms : toward better economic performance with novel technology and sustainable herds
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Friends go adventuring
What determines the timberline?
Neverwhere
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : case studies from Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India
Outline of accounting for non-industrial private woodlots
My first book of farm animals
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
This study estimated the possibilities of reducing costs and improving input use in a sample of Swedish farms specialising in beef production. Input use efficiency was measured in a multi-output, multi-input function distance function analysis, covering the period 2008-2011. For comparison, both the classical radial and the generalised non-parametric approach were used. The results revealed that on average, costs could be decreased by 20%. Both models constructed frontiers where: i) the rankings of farms according to efficiency were positively and highly correlated and ii) the size and the significance of the parameter estimates were similar. Input-saving technologies were found to be positively influenced by livestock density, pasture availability and the use of coupled income support. Larger farms, farms with higher specialisation in beef cattle, farms with a larger number of animals older than 2 years, farms converting to organic production, farms located in less favoured areas and farms located in regions with a shorter grazing period were found be less efficient.
The allergy and asthma protective effects of farm environment and pet animals : the role of immunomodulation
Hydropower Reservoir and Sedimentation : A Study of Nam Ngum Reservoir
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2000 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2005.
Various environmental conditions (heat waves and drought events) strongly affect leaf and xylem phenology. Disentangling the influence of temperature, precipitation and soil moisture content (AWR) on the forest productivity remains an important research area. We analyzed the impact of climate variability on the leaf phenology (10 sample trees) and radial growth (17 sample trees) of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.). The study was conducted on 130-year-old European beech trees growing in a temperate forest stand in the Czech Republic. Detailed 20-year phenological monitoring was performed at the study site (1992-2011). As expected, leaf phenological events were mainly driven by the growing season temperatures. Leaf unfolding was highly affected positively by spring temperatures and the top-layer (to 40 cm) AWR in March. The correlation of tree-ring width with the interpolated climate data was positive significant for the growing season AWR and precipitation signal. Furthermore, the water availability in the top soil layer was found to be an important predictor of tree growth and extremely low growth occurrence. The extended phenological growing season, which was caused by a temperature increase, was not followed by an increased tree-ring width. The examined relationships point out the significance of the water availability in the top soil layer in European beech stands..
Statistics on the finances of agricultural and forestry enterprises
Brokeback mountain
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Farmer George and the lost chick
The enormous turnip
Responses of silver birch saplings to low soil temperature
Farm deaths in North Karelia
My first book of the farm
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Farms of northern Finland
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The new pony
Katy's pony summer
Mr. Men on the farm
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT OF SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR UNDERGROUND CONSTRUCTION
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Abstract: Guide to Agricultural Constructing.
Values affect humans' perception of situations and problems and guide our actions. The objective of this study was to explore the values of dairy farmers, and whether their values influenced their decisions to maintain dairy farming or to buy consultancy services. During late fall 2007 we visited and interviewed 90 farmers. First we did a qualitative analysis of the data and then we merged the interview data with the existing database of financial data from the year 2007 to do statistical analyses. We also checked whether the farmers still produced milk in 2013, six years after the interviews.  Most farmers had terminal values like keeping up the tradition and to have an interesting work. Value combinations with instrumental values such as to earn money and to produce milk were common. Realizing that many farmers prioritize terminal values over instrumental values has important consequences for dairy companies, dairy consultants and politicians.
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2015
Climate change may impose stimulations or constraints on the mycorrhizal symbiosis by increasing and fluctuating temperatures. We conducted a study to compare the soil temperature response curves (6, 12, 18, and 24 °C) of three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different regions and climates (Finland, Denmark, Spain), to test if the isolates from cold environments were able to grow better at lower temperatures and the isolates from warmer environments grew better at higher temperatures. The results provided clear evidence suggesting no adaptation to soil temperature in these AMF isolates. All isolates showed reduced development and very little external mycelium growth at 6 and 12 °C, and similar increased development with increasing soil temperature.  These results suggest that AMF have a narrow window to develop in cold regions where temperatures below 15 °C prevail.
Joe and the farm goose
The Tomten
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farms
The battle for Gullywith
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Constructing and negotiating entrepreneurial agency : a social psychological approach to entrepreneurship discourse in the farm context
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 1998 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Role of substrate on the dendroclimatic response of Scots pine from varying elevations in northern Scotland
White beech : the rainforest years
What love sees
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
Soil CO2 efflux in boreal pine forests in the current climate and under CO2 enrichment and air warming
The marriage pact
Farm animals
Golden age : a novel
Whole-farm risk management in arable farming : portfolio methods for farm-specific business analysis and planning
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Miller's Valley : a novel
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Blackbird house
Harvest moon 3D : a new beginning : Nintendo 3DS
Welcome to Silver Street farm
Taking over the management and ownership of a farm contributes positively to farm growth but little is known about how farmers succeed after the starting phase. We analysed how farmers that have recently started their farm enterprises are going to develop their farms and how do they differ from more experienced farmers in some key farm management areas. Data were collected by postal survey from farmers of the Salo region in South-Western Finland. Farmers were categorized into three different groups according to a combination of their age and experience. Farmers who were in the early phase of taking over a farm had better education and better networks than their older counterparts. Younger farmers considered their networks to be more important than did their senior colleagues. The early phase farmer group invested significantly more and had more liabilities than the other two groups. Moreover, early phase farmers were the most active at developing their farms. The late phase farmers were the least active, even when they knew they were going to transfer their farm to next generation within the next few years. Farms should be developed continuously in order to improve the viability of whole farming sector.
The Cuckoo Child
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
It's so unfair!
This study examined the effect of farm size on the mortality and survival of Eastern Finnish farms in the late 1990s. Three different dimensions of farm size (i.e. hectares operated, number of milk cows, and hectares of forest) were compared. Data were extracted from administrative records and covered all 4,527 active farms in North Karelia from 1995 to 1998. Results did not support the disappearing middle size hypothesis presented by Weiss (1999). Farm size distributions were not bimodal. No empirical evidence was found of a process of polarisation into two centres of attraction. As a whole, the analysis provides some support for the conclusion that the size of forest holding as measured by hectares of forest owned by farm does not have an independent effect on the likelihood of survival. Its contribution depends on the other variables in the model. .
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2003.
Green care : a conceptual framework / editors: Joe Sempik, Rachel Hine, Deborah Wilcox
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2008.
Maatalous : yleinen maatalouslaskenta 1969 = Lanthushållning : allmänna lantbruksräkningen 1969 = Agriculture : census of agriculture 1969 / II nide = Band II = Volume III. Kunnittaiset tulokset = Resultaten kommunvis = Census of agriculture data per commune
The gift of the sun : a tale from South Africa
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
Temporal and spatial variation in the status of acid rivers and potential prevention methods of AS soil-related leaching in peatland forestry
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
Organic supply chains for small farmer income generation in developing countries : case studies in India, Thailand, Brazil, Hungary and Africa
Effects of direct payments on farm performance : the case of dairy farms in northern EU countries
Animals on the farm
The hat
Breathless : a novel
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Scruffty and the goat hunt
Old Macdonald had a farm
1001 things to spot on the farm
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
And then comes Christmas
The tomtes of Hilltop farm
DEVELOPMENT PLAN FOR A SMALL-SIZED FARM : Profitable Development Ideas on Products, Services, Marketing Methods and Customer Service for Kettulan Tila 2012-2014
Design and implementation of wireless modules for farm monitoring
Happy birthday Amelia
Economic importance of parcel structure on Finnish farms
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: I Elevated temperatures
Work like any other
Temperature stress in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi : a test for adaptation to soil temperature in three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different climates
Dark places : a novel
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Fox on the loose!
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2010.
Wine Trails : 52 perfect weekends in wine country
It's a dog's life
Spatiotemporal Aspects of Environmental Monitoring in the Complex Coastal Region of Southwest Finland
Dear Lucy
The little red hen : a deliciously funny flap book
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
A slant of light : a novel
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2000.
Opportunities for reducing environmental emissions from forage-based dairy farms
Rapeseed soil seed bank development and volunteer plant establishment represent substantial risk for crop infestation and GM contamination. This study was designed to complement such investigations with novel understanding from high latitude conditions. Four experiments were designed to characterise seed loss at harvest, persistence, viability and capacity for volunteer seedling establishment, as well as impact of management measures on soil seed bank dynamics. Oilseed rape was the primary crop investigated due to the availability of GM cultivars and because of the increasing importance. Harvest losses and soil seed bank development were significant. Volunteer seedlings emerged at reasonably high rates, especially in the first autumn after harvest, but about 10% of buried seeds maintained their viability for at least three years. Soil incorporation methods had no major effect on numbers of volunteer seedlings, but herbicide treatments controlled volunteer seedlings efficiently, though not completely, due to irregular timing of seedling emergence.
Development of agrotourism in Nepal, an alternative to emigration for Nepalese youths : case: Bishram Batika Restaurant
Input saving possibilities and practices contributing to more efficient beef production in Sweden
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 1999 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The best cow in show
Baby farm animals
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2002.
The irrelevance of stated plans in predicting farm successions in Finland
Temperature sensitivity of soil organic matter decomposition in boreal soils
Phosphorus acquisition by barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) at suboptimal soil temperature
The brothers
Abstract: Tax-planning effect on the farm economy.
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
Independent people : an epic
Response of the leaf phenology and tree-ring width of European beech to climate variability
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
Late summer in the vineyard
Scarecrow's secret
Mish mash hash
Toby the runaway tractor
Historic ranches of Wyoming
Harvest moon : the lost valley : Nintendo 3DS
This child is also mine : a narrative approach to the phenomenon of atypical custodial grandparenthood
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
"This paper reviews case studies on smallholder seed enterprises in Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India, as well as relevant world literature in order to identify key issues that facilitate or constrain the development of the seed factor. The final section provides some guidelines on policy design and implementation to promote the development of sustainable seed enterprises at different stages in the evolution of national seed factors. It provides examples of good practices and hence seeks to assist governments in identifying ways in which they can support the development of smallholder seed enterprises that will provide the most appropriate varieties to smallholder farmers in their efforts to boost food production."--Provided by publisher
The secret life of bees
Animal, vegetable, miracle : a year of food life
That summer at Hill Farm
Seed loss and volunteer seedling establishment of rapeseed in the northernmost European conditions: potential for weed infestation and GM risks
The scarecrows' wedding
Through the fire
Cows
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Generational Transition on a Farm
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
Variation in temperature challenges crop production and animal farming. Elevated temperatures are often harmful, though may also open opportunities at high latitudes. Impacts depend on the vulnerability of the object, production system and their resilience to climatic variability. The station-wise temperature observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for a time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to measure the likelihood for: 1) elevated temperatures of a) ≥1 °C above normal for three weeks, b) ≥2 °C above normal for two weeks and c) ≥3 °C above normal for one week, and 2) heatwaves with daily maximum temperature >25 °C for: a) 5 days (short) or b) 14 days (long episode). We also estimated the likelihood of warm winds in the early growing season which may enhance pest migration. We found large spatial and temporal variations in the likelihoods of elevated temperatures with many impacts on crop production, animal farming and welfare. In fact, only 1 °C temperature elevation may already be harmful, though in some cases also beneficial depending on region and vulnerability or adaptation of the object and production system. Though we show only some examples of the potential impacts of temperature variation on high latitude agro-ecosystems, these data are valuable as such for much wider applications in agriculture and beyond that.
Customer Satisfaction : Case Farm Tourism Ilomäki
Properties of top soil and the relationship between soil and trees in a boreal Scots pine stand
Mr cool cat
La granja. ¡No siesta! : the dice game
Hushabye Lily
The old woman who loved to read
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2007.
The dogs
A piece of the world : A Novel
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2001.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Somebody to love : a Cupid, Texas novel
Farm workshop
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
There's a cow in the cabbage patch
Farm forestry in Finland
Let's go to the countryside : farmhouse accommodation web pages in the Ostrobothnia area
Tales from the farm
Fields of Arle
Summary.
This debut novel charts the story of Roscoe T Martin in rural Alabama in the 1920s. Roscoe has set his sights on a new type of power spreading at the start of the 20th century: electricity. It becomes his training, his life's work. But when his wife Marie inherits her father's failing farm, Roscoe has to give it up, with great cost to his pride and sense of self, his marriage and his family. Realising that he might lose them all, he uses his skills as an electrician to siphon energy from the state, ushering in a period of bounty and happiness on a farm recently falling to ruin. Even the love of Marie and their son seems back within Roscoe's grasp. Then everything changes. A young man is electrocuted on their land. Roscoe is arrested for manslaughter and - no longer an electrician or even a farmer - he must now carve out a place in a violent new world.
We studied the effects of soil temperature (8°C and 15°C) on barley growth, barley phosphorus (P) uptake and soil P solubility. Barley was grown in a pot experiment in two soils with different P fertilization histories for 22 years. The availability of P was estimated by using 33P-labeled fertilizer and calculating L-values. After cultivation for 22 years at ambient soil temperature without P fertilization (-P), soil L-value had decreased compared to soil that received annual P fertilization (P+). Low soil temperature further reduced the L-values, more in the -P soil than in the +P soil. Our results demonstrated that P fertilization can only partially ameliorate poor growth at low soil temperatures. Thus, applying ample fertilization to compensate for poor growth at low soil temperatures would increase the P content and solubility in the soil, but plant uptake would remain inhibited by cold.
Changing the risk at the margin : smallholder farming and public policy in developing countries
For Emmy Bridges, life hasn't exactly gone to plan. She is working in a dead end job, earning almost nothing and to top it all - she is thirty-two and still lives with her Dad. But all that could still change, couldn't it? So when work want to send her to the South of France to learn about the wine she is soon to be selling, it seems like a good idea. And it turns out Emmy is a fast learner. Far from home and unsure what she's doing, Emmy soon learns that life - like the local wine - is better when you trust your instincts. She may want to protect the vines from destruction but can Emmy also plant some roots of her own?
Work, family & community builders : Finnish immigrant women on the homestead (1895-1945)
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2006.
Strategic objectives and development plans of beginning farmers
Both the northern (latitudinal) and the upper (altitudinal) timberlines are phytogeographic transitions between the forested boreal vegetation zone and treeless areas. These two timberlines, which intermingle in northern Fennoscandia, are mainly controlled by the cold climate, although other natural and anthropogenic factors are of noticeable importance at least locally. The roles of the various controlling factors are discussed in this article. The timberline and tree line in northern Finland are usually formed by the mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa), which extends further than the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) or the Norway spruce (Picea abies). The northern coniferous timberline in Finland follows approximately an isoline that represents an effective temperature sum of 600 degree days. Hazardous events also regulate the growth and occurrence of trees in addition to average conditions. Trees growing at the timberline have adapted themselves in many ways to the prevailing harsh circumstances. Pollen research and megafossil analyses (such as tree ring studies) show that the timberline has moved and its tree species composition has changed, primarily due to climatic fluctuations. This is one clear indication that the timberline is a dynamic 'combat zone'.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Dairy farmers' values and how their values affect their decision
Assessing progress in Africa toward the millennium development goals : MDG report 2013 : food security in Africa : issues, challenges and lessons
Bright star
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
Charlie and Bethan
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
All out of love : a Cupid, Texas novel
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2004.
Sheep
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
Addressing the demand for and supply of ecosystem services in agriculture through market-based and target-based policy measures
Manage farms around the Alpich pond near the village of Esporles on Majorca. Players extend their farms, bring goods to the market, and deliver them to more distant places as well. Player use "dice crafting" for their actions, they may collect resources for victory points, or hire helpers to employ special effects. Barns can be added to store goods. Sometimes you can even take a siesta!
Betty O'Barley and Harry O'Hay invite you to... the best wedding ever, the best wedding yet, the wedding that no one will ever forget!
Earthworm responses to metal contamination : tools for soil quality assessment
Modern dairy production is inevitably associated with impacts to the environment and the challenge for the industry today is to increase production to meet growing global demand while minimising emissions to the environment. Negative environmental impacts include gaseous emissions to the atmosphere, of ammonia from livestock manure and fertiliser use, of methane from enteric fermentation and manure management, and of nitrous oxide from nitrogen applications to soils and from manure management. Emissions to water include nitrate, ammonium, phosphorus, sediment, pathogens and organic matter, deriving from nutrient applications to forage crops and/or the management of grazing livestock. This paper reviews the sources and impacts of such emissions in the context of a forage-based dairy farm and considers a number of potential mitigation strategies, giving some examples using the farm-scale model SIMSDAIRY. Most of the mitigation measures discussed are associated with systemic improvements in the efficiency of production in dairy systems. Important examples of mitigations include: improvements to dairy herd fertility, that can reduce methane and ammonia emissions by up to 24 and 17%, respectively; diet modification such as the use of high sugar grasses for grazing, which are associated with reductions in cattle N excretion of up to 20% (and therefore lower N losses to the environment) and potentially lower methane emissions, or reducing the crude protein content of the dairy cow diet through use of maize silage to reduce N excretion and methane emissions; the use of nitrification inhibitors with fertiliser and slurry applications to reduce nitrous oxide emissions and nitrate leaching by up to 50%. Much can also be achieved through attention to the quantity, timing and method of application of nutrients to forage crops and utilising advances made through genetic improvements.
On the farm
Restoring ecosystem structure and functions : results from Sphagnum peatlands degraded by forestry drainage
A garden of earthly delights : [a novel]
Stanley the farmer
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2009.
Love at first sight : a Cupid, Texas novel
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok 2011 = Yearbook of farm statistics 2011.
TAiR : Tartu artist in residence programme : "bohemian but traditional"
