http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6827 inheritances
inheritances
The valley of secrets
The steady running of the hour
House of joy
Sycamore Row
How Finnish are the Thunder Bay Finns?
Heritage, collective and individual memory in Kate Atkinson's Behind the scenes at the museum
The forgotten garden
Property of a noblewoman
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT at a glance
Harry Bosch is California's newest private investigator. He doesn't advertise, he doesn't have an office, and he's picky about who he works for, but it doesn't matter. His chops from 30 years with the LAPD speak for themselves. Soon one of Southern California's biggest moguls comes calling. The reclusive billionaire has less than six months to live and a lifetime of regrets. He hires Bosch to find out whether he has an heir. Using all of his cold case skills, Bosch pieces together a 65-year-old mystery and finds out that the case is not as simple - or cold - as he thought.
An inherited name as the foundation of a person's identity: How the memory of a dead person lived on in the names of his or her descendants
Nightfall
Living through and learning to value : the Finnish pavilion : communication and interaction
To my daughter in France ..
Visitor perceptions of the inscription on the world heritage list : the use of stated choice methods
Umineko when they cry. Episode 1 : Legend of the golden witch 1
Daughter of blood
Cultural heritage education in senior secondary schools - a Finnish perspective
Disputed land
The death of Lucy Kyte
King Lear
Taxation, bequests and short and long run timber supplies : an overlapping generations problem
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
The other family
Orhan's inheritance : a novel
Death in holy orders
The star of Kazan
Umineko when they cry. Episode 3, Banquet of the golden witch. 1
An evening of long goodbyes
The wanderer
Inheritance
Crowdsourcing our cultural heritage
Kaleidoscope - construction of objectivity
Modeling the distribution and intergenerational transmission of wealth
Lithuanian folklore heritage : from printed to digital folklore library
Nationalising culture : the reorganisation of national culture in Swedish cultural policy 1970-2002
Anatomy of a disappearance
Guilty pleasures
Finnish-American architecture and architects in Northern and Eastern parts of the United States of America 1850-1950 : from rural tradition to urban ideal
The escape : a novel in five parts
Polar tourism : an environmental perspective
The inheritance
Land, family and inheritance in transition : Kibworth Harcourt 1280-1700
Bleak house. 2
Rory's boys
Public health, science and the economy : the onto-politics of traditional medicine in Namibia
Heir today
The perfect lover : a Cynster novel
The library of shadows
Lost dogs and lonely hearts
A fortune for Yo-Yo : [kannessa] the richest dog in the world!
Preventive Conservation: a Key Method to Ensure Cultural Heritage s Authenticity and Integrity in Preservation Process
The wedding cake tree
Perfect scoundrels
The Peacock Emporium
Developing the Wolf Cave as a Tourism Attraction
The sacred blacksmith. Volume 1
All my secrets
The heritage crusade and the spoils of history
Expecting to inherit her family's Liveship, Althea Vestrit now must defend this animate, intelligent treasure from both her scheming brother-in-law, who plans to use it as a slave ship, and a nation of ruthless pirates, led by Captain Kennit.
Academ's fury
Ready player one
Heritage has burgeoned over the past quarter of a century from a small elite preoccupation into a major popular crusade. Everything from Disneyland to the Holocaust Museum, from the Balkan wars to the Northern Irish troubles, from Elvis memorabilia to the Elgin Marbles bears the marks of the cult of heritage. In this acclaimed 1998 book David Lowenthal explains the rise of this obsession with the past and examines its power for both good and evil.
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Cultural heritage in social media : Museum of Photography
The drops of god. Volume 3 : The first apotle
Transcriptome profiling of Finnsheep ovaries during out-of-season breeding period
Bleak house
The heir of night
The zones of silence in documentary heritage management : on diversity on the UNESCO Memory of World International Register
New Heritage : New Media and Cultural Heritage
Quality characteristics of parental lines of wheat mapping populations
The discreet hero
Ship of magic
"On his thirty-fifth birthday, Jake St. Cloud inherits a fortune--and learns the whereabouts of his mysterious half-brother. On her deathbed, Selma St. Cloud revealed that Jake had a sibling, a product of his father's affair. At last, Jake is in a position to track down Alex Rosario and make amends for their father's past neglect. At least, that's the plan. When their initial meeting goes badly, a distraught Jake crashes his car and is sentenced to community work--with Alex as his parole officer. Jake must spend a year helping Angelica Dancer and her daughter, Fancy, at the Dancer Foundation for neglected children. Fancy, scarred within and without by the accident that ended her ballet career, is even less happy with the arrangement than Jake. Yet as they're thrown together, Jake, Alex, Angelica, and Fancy make unexpected connections. And as he unravels the painful truths of his past, Jake realizes that his mother's greatest gift to him lies not in his inheritance, but in the future, and the family, he's slowly piecing together" --
The machinery of succession
Cultural Environment Strategy 2014–2020 : Government Resolution 20 March 2014.
Cultural environments, art history, and dark heritage
A winter's tale
Using natural and cultural heritage to develop sustainable tourism in non-traditional tourist destinations
"When Orhan's brilliant and eccentric grandfather, who built a dynasty out of making kilim rugs, is found dead in a vat of dye, Orhan inherits the decades-old business. But his grandfather's will raises more questions than it answers. Kemal has left the family estate to a stranger thousands of miles away, an aging woman in a retirement home in Los Angeles. Her existence and secrecy about her past only deepen the mystery of why Orhan's grandfather would have left their home to this woman rather than to his own family"--Dust jacket.
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
Fancy dancer
Is inheritance legitimate? : ethical and economic aspects of wealth tranfers
Night music
Culture in, for and as sustainable development : conclusions from the COST Action IS1007 investigating cultural sustainability
The liveship traders trilogy : [3-book bundle]
The cardturner
Access to Finnish law
The brothers
Finnsheep is one of the most prolific sheep breeds in the world. We sequenced RNA-Seq libraries from the ovaries of Finnsheep ewes collected during out of season breeding period at about 30X sequence coverage. A total of 86 966 348 and 105 587 994 reads from two samples were mapped against latest available ovine reference genome (Oarv3.1). The transcriptome assembly revealed 14 870 known ovine genes, including the 15 candidate genes for fertility and out-of-season breeding. In this study we successfully used our bioinformatics pipeline to assemble the first ovarian transcriptome of Finnsheep.
Preservation in Disaster Situations: a case study of the Valvilla Wool Mill Museum, Finland
In pursuit of Eliza Cynster
The testament
A tapestry of dreams
Copyrighting creativity : creative values, cultural heritage institutions and systems of intellectual property
The drops of god. Volume 4 : The second apotle
Succession planning process in family business
Little lord Fauntleroy
Kevin of the north
The silk factory
MUISTI (MEMORY) - Digitization and network delivery of Finnish national collections
Once and always
The sense of an ending
What price love? : a Cynster novel
Optimal forest policies in an overlapping generations economy with timber and money bequests
Museum24 : collaborative writing as a method in local cultural heritage preservation
Love from the shadows
Conditional love
The sacred blacksmith. Volume 2
The aim of this work was to evaluate the main quality traits in the parental lines of wheat segregating populations to identify the best for subsequent genetic mapping of the traits. Significant differences (p < 0.001) among wheat genotypes were observed. Many of the examined crosses appeared to be suitable for the purpose, showing differences among parental lines as high as 4.6% for protein content, 6.4% for gluten content, 69 for gluten index, 50 mL for sodium dodecyl sulphate sedimentation volume, and 33.9 g for thousand-kernel weight, whereas differences accounting for 4.8, 2.4, and 7.3 were observed for yellow index, red index and brown index, respectively. The results pointed out that for studying at the same time the quantitative and qualitative features of gluten, the wheat populations derived from Latino x MG29896 and Saragolla x 02-5B-318 could be particularly appropriate. In addition, the latter cross was suitable to deepen the knowledge of yellow index regulation.
Umineko when they cry. Episode 4, Alliance of the golden witch. 1
The seed collectors
The soldier
A will and a way
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
Managing digital cultural objects : analysis, discovery and retrieval
Umineko when they cry. Episode 2, Turn of the golden witch. 2
Folklore : the intangible cultural heritage of SAARC region. Volume 2
Heir to Sevenwaters
A murder is announced
The gathering of the lost
Open sourcing digital heritage : digital surrogates, museums and knowledge management in the age of open networks
The capture of the earl of Glencrae
Princess of thorns
The British Library : Strategic Success
The mysteries of Udolpho
Inheritance, wealth and society
The works
The hidden legacy
Mariner's compass
The second deadly sin
American elsewhere
Nestled on the Oregon coast is a small town of rocky beaches and rugged charm. Locals love the land's unspoiled beauty. Developers see it as a potential gold mine. When newcomer Hank Cooper learns he's been left an old friend's entire beachfront property, he finds himself with a community's destiny in his hands. Cooper has never been a man to settle in one place, and Thunder Point was supposed to be just another quick stop. But Cooper finds himself getting involved with the town. And with Sarah Dupre, a woman as complicated as she is beautiful
A sixpenny song
The house
The bad beginning
"The fall and restoration of Elin Tönnesdotter" : land, noble property strategies and the law in early seventeenth-century Sweden
A tipper full of skinned limbs : fiction and the Northern Ireland Troubles
Umineko when they cry. Episode 1 : Legend of the golden witch 2
Though not dead
Days of gold : a novel
The management of change in Finland's wooden historic urban landscapes : Old Rauma
Sycamore row : a novel
The law of nines
The wrong side of goodbye : a novel
Umineko when they cry. Episode 2, Turn of the golden witch. 1
Bequest intentions of forest landowners : theory and empirical evidence
The Midnight Rose : a novel
Pareto-improving bequest taxation
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
Up close and dangerous : a novel
Bleak house. 1 / introduction by Osbert Sitwell
Background - religious buildings
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT, theory & practice
The legacy of Elizabeth Pringle
Taxation, bequests, and short and long run timber supplies : an overlapping generations problem
