http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p682 ice
ice
Atmospheric icing : failure studies and ice load predictions on masts by weather station data
Nanoscale friction of ice
Implication of puck possession on scoring changes in ice hockey
Island of shadows
Little Mo
Life at the underside of Arctic sea-ice: biological interactions between the ice cover and the pelagic realm
How to ice climb!
Psychosocial impact of career-ending injuries in professional ice hockey players : a qualitative study
Penguins on ice
Manual of forecasting ice-formation for rivers and inland lakes
Experimental measurements of sea ice failure stresses near grounded structures : final report
The world of ice & fire : the untold history of Westeros and the Game of Thrones
The world of ice
Off-Ice Training Handbook for Coaches of G-to-D-Juniors
Impact of Lower Body Muscle  and Joint Flexibility on the Skating Speed of 12-13-Year-Old Junior Ice Hockey Players
Guide for organizing ice hockey events
On the drift and deformation of sea ice fields in the Bothnian Bay. Matti Leppäranta
Observations of ice and its sediments on the Baltic Sea coast
Icy worlds of the solar system
The Golden Jet
The Greenland summit ice cores CD-ROM : GISP2/GRIP
Indentation of model scale pressure ridges with a vertical indentor
My last fight : the true story of a hockey rock star
Sea ice : an introduction to its physics, chemistry, biology, and geology
Midsummer snowballs
Fram strait studies (FRAMZY 2002 and ACSYS-ABSIS 2003) ice drifter data evaluation for sea ice kinematics and dynamics studies : technical report
Model course on navigation in polar waters : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140106)
Effects of high intensity cycling interval training on endurance performance in ice-hockey players
Annual cycle of the active surface layer in Western Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
POAC 87 : port and ocean engineering under arctic conditions. 9. Univ. Alaska, Fairbanks, August 17-21, 1987. Vol. 1
Frozen oceans : the floating world of pack ice
Developing a Sport Event : Case: Sport U20 Ice Hockey Team
Polish polar studies : 24th Polar Symposium : 40th anniversary of the Polish Polar Station Hornsund - Spitsbergen 770̊0Ń 153̊3'E
The physics of ice
FE-modelling of ice failure load during ship bow indentation into multi-year ice
Proceedings of the Sixth Workshop on Baltic Sea Ice Climate : August 25-28, 2008 Lammi Biological Station, Finland
Water crystal healing : music and images to restore your well-being
Microbial ecology in sea ice and in the pelagic system of the Baltic Sea
Applicability scouting of ice-hockey players
Straight shooter : the Brad Park story
Remote sensing of the cryosphere
Climate-ocean interaction
The ocean and the poles : European co-operation in ocean and polar research
Propeller-ice interaction : joint research project arrangement 6, (JRPA 6) : joint conclusion report
TPS junior hockey coach manual
Patterns in polygon mires in northeastern Yakutia, Siberia : The Role of Vegetation and Water
Ice sculpture : the art of ice carving in 12 systematic steps
On modelling surface waves and vertical mixing in the Baltic Sea
The other moratorium : freezing central arctic fisheries as the ice withdraws
Harvest of the cold months : the social history of ice and ices
The changes in the Baltic Sea ice cover by 2050.
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
Unprecedented low twentieth century winter sea ice extent in the Western Nordic Seas since A.D. 1200
Ice load measurements on board MS Kemira, winter 1989
Proceedings of the symposium: cold water hydrology, Fairbanks, AK, [July, 1986]
The snowflake : winter's secret beauty
Indoor air pollution and health risks in Finnish ice arenas
Ramming model tests of the MV Canmar Kigoriak
Perceptions about coaching and individual development in professional ice-hockey : a qualitative study
Slip and fall risk on ice and snow : identification, evaluation and prevention
Ice microdynamics
Ice impact model tests for three bow forms of a vessel. Vol. 1, Short analysis of the test results
Ice carving 101
Antarctic sea ice : biological processes, interactions and variability
Ship resistance in homogeneous ice fields : theory, systematic tests, and estimation of resistance and effective power at constant speed
Sea ice : proceedings of an international conference Reykjavík, Iceland, May 10-13, 1971
Ice load measurements on board the MS Kemira, winter 1990.
The Implications of leg position for wrist shot in junior ice hockey
Applications of the Clapeyron equation to water and ice in porous media
Coaching education program for United Arab Emirates ice hockey association  : building the framework and level 1 material
Planetary surface processes
A ship in compressive ice : preliminary model test results and analysis of the process : report from the joint Finnish-Soviet research project
Development plan for European Sport Services Ltd.
The ultimate prize : the Stanley Cup
Remote sensing of sea ice and icebergs
Ice drilling technology 2002 : proceedings of the fifth International Workshop on Ice Drilling Technology, 30 October-1 November 2000, Nagaoka University of Technology, Nagaoka
The cold book
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
Beyond the wall : exploring George R. R. Martin's A song of ice and fire, from A game of thrones to A dance with dragons
Open ice : reflections and confessions of a hockey lifer
Local ice cover deformation and mesoscale ice dynamics : report from the "Ice State" project. Part 1, Final scientific report
Backscattering from a dielectric surface with a continuous roughness spectrum
Development of Natural Gas Hydrate
Motor coordination test as an indicator for skating performance in ice hockey for pre-puberty children
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland : action research in snow and ice design
Computational study of proton ordering in ice and icelike systems
Ice impact model tests for three bow forms of a vessel. Volume 2, Plotted time histories of the forces, moments and motions
Ship interaction with a single ice floe : a simulation model
Results from tests on extrusion of crushed ice
Arctic Passion News : [Aker Arctic Technology Inc's newsletter]
The best seat in the house : stories from the NHL, inside the room, on the ice and on the bench
The Melting Sea
Observations of ship performance and the structure of fast ice channels in the Northern Baltic Sea
On the ice resistance encountered by ships operating in the continuous mode of icebreaking
Glaciers, ice sheets and volcanoes : a tribute to Mark F. Meier
Field measurements of northern Baltic pressure ridges
Proceedings of the first workshop on the Baltic Sea ice climate : Tvärminne, Finland, 24-26 August 1993
Jamie McLennan spent twenty years playing professional hockey. Sort of. As the backup for such legendary goalies as Grant Fuhr, Ron Hextall, Roberto Luongo, and Miikka Kiprusoff, he saw everything—except much playing time. In The Best Seat in the House, McLennan looks back on his unique career, from breaking into the NHL, to working with the legends, to life on the road and in the league, offering readers an unprecedented glimpse into life inside the locker room.
International conference on low temperature science. I. Conference on physics of snow and ice. II. Conference on cryobiology. August, 14-19, 1966, Sapporo, Japan. 1:1, Physics of snow and ice
Impact of Lower Body Muscle and Joint Flexibility on the Skating Speed of 12–13-Year-Old Junior Ice Hockey Players
Surface influence on the marine and coastal antarctic atmosphere
Full scale observations of ship-ice contact : results from tests series onboard IB Sampo, winter 1989
Calculation of sea ice thermodynamics by an ice model coupled with the atmospheric boundary layer
Comparison of impact characteristics of different ice hockey arena dasher boards
Water : the essence of life
The work on the thesis was conducted primarily during October–December 2012 as a final research part of a project launched in 2009 by the University Centre in Svalbard for collecting ice core from Lomonosovfonna and analyzing it for various persistent compounds. The research was focused on historic deposition of PCB compounds. Background information on PCBs (also in relation to the Arctic) as well as literature sources that are most relevant to the topic were included to this thesis. Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) were produced for industrial purposes between 1929 and 1993. The production declined in 1970s when their persistence and potential for bioaccumulation in the food chain had been recognized. PCBs are found all over the world, including Arctic areas, in water, soil, sediment, air, biota, and even in food products. By 2013, most countries in the world signed to eliminate PCBs from production, use and develop efficient remediation methods for PCB-rich waste and contaminated sites. The purpose of this thesis was to measure PCB contamination in snow and ice at high elevated glacier on Svalbard, Norway and analyse the historic atmospheric input of the contaminant to the Arctic. For that, a 37-meter deep ice core representing 1957–2009 and a snow sample of 2009–2010 were collected at the Lomonosovfonna glacier (78°49' 24.4" N; 17°25' 59.2"E) and analysed for all 209 PCB congeners. Ice core was divided into 6 – 12 years samples resulting in total 6 ice and 1 snow sample. The analysis for all PCB congeners revealed the dominance of tetra- and pentachlorobiphenyls. The flux of total PCBs varied over the ice core. Maximum of about 18 pg cm-2 yr-1 was observed during years 1957–1966, 1974–1983, 1998–2009, and 2009–2010 which was lower when compared to samples from Canadian Arctic. The minimum flux was 5.75 pg cm-2 yr-1 in 1989–1998 period that happened after a 15 year decline since 1983. Besides, PCB-11 (3,3'-dichlorobiphenyl) was found in all the samples in the amounts of  0.9–4.5% of total PCBs. This congener was not present in the majority of commercial PCB products, and its source has not yet been well described.
Last ice sheet dynamics and deglaciation in the North European Plain : International Symposium Poznán, Berlin, May 1992 ed. by Margot Böse and Stefan Kozarski
Occurrence of synoptic flaw leads of sea ice in the Gulf of Finland
Business plan for an online store Hockeystore.fi
"The world's worst cleaning lady" : the portrayal of gender in commercials targeted at American NHL audiences
Tell me why rain is wet
Glaciations and climate in the Cenozoic Arctic : evidence from microtextures of ice-rafted quartz grains
Ice : portraits of vanishing glaciers
Polish polar studies : 25th International Polar Symposium : the 100th anniversary of Prof. Henryk Arctowski's and Prof. Antoni Bolesław Dobrowolski's participation in the Belgica expedition to the Antarctic in 1887-1889
Sports and identity : case study Czech Republic and ice hockey
Microwave surface backscattering and surface roughness of Baltic Sea ice
Deformation and strength of ice
Ice and construction : state-of-art report prepared by RILEM Technical Committee TC-118, Ice and construction
Effects of ice properties on ice breaking forces in model testing
Who's better, who's best in hockey? : setting the record straight on the top 50 hockey players of the expansion era
Ice edge contact : an iterative failure process model : report from Finnish-Canadian joint research project No. 5 "Ship interaction with actual ice conditions"
Messages from water : the first pictures of frozen water crystals
Slurry handling and pipeline transport. 12, Hydrotransport
The use of large tankers in seasonal first-year ice and severe sub-zero conditions
Model scale manoeuvring tests in ice with systematically varied hull shape. Part 1.
Factors controlling the surface energy budget over snow and ice
Aspects of ice load monitoring analysed using ARCDEV ice load database
Mathematical modelling of deformation mechanisms in ice
On the mechanical behavior of compacted pack ice : a theoretical and numerical investigation
The African rain forest during the Last Glacial Maximum, an archipelago of forests in a sea of grass
Developing of aircraft de-icing operations at Helsinki airport
The hockey news : e-lehti
Under-ice temperature and oxygen conditions in boreal lakes
Curling ice explained : a comprehensive manual for the purpose of producing good curling ice on a scientific basis
Dynamic ice structure interaction : theory and applications
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
Grant Fuhr : the story of a hockey legend
Herb Brooks : the inside story of a hockey mastermind
Glaciations and climate in the Cenozoic Arctic:evidence from microtextures of ice-rafted quartz grains
Snow and glacier hydrology
On the modelling of sea ice thermodynamics and air-ice coupling in the Bohai Sea and the Baltic Sea
Between the lines : not so tall tales from Ray "Scampy" Scapinello's four decades in the NHL
Running youth hockey organization
Atlas snežno-ledovyh resursov mira = World atlas of snow and ice resources
The spiritual history of ice : romanticism, science and the imagination
Arctic '96 : Polarstern ice station report
Snow and ice climbing
Study on frequent lines : differences in running and investment costs between an icebreaking cargo vessel and a vessel that needs icebreaker assistance
Sea ice properties studied from the icebreaker Tor during BEPERS -88
When even money can't buy - ice sports conditions in Oulu
Scale-covered and loricate flagellates (Chrysophyceae and Synurophyceae) from Baltic Sea ice
IPCC first assessment report. Volume I, Overview, WGI Policymakers summary, WGII Policymakers summary, WGIII Policymakers summary, Policymakers summary of the Special Committee on the participation of developing countries
Snow and ice : [a study project]
Nutrition review for hockey players : enhancing performance through nutrition
Relative importance of mass and volume changes to global sea level rise
Laboratory tests of propeller blade profile pressure distribution under ice contact. Volume 1
Defining skill variables between U16 national team and non-national team ice hockey players
Ice hockey goaltending : physiological loading and game analysis
Dielectric properties and passive remote sensing of low-salinity sea ice at UHF frequencies
On optical and physical properties of sea ice in the Baltic Sea
Hydrology of ice caps in volcanic regions
Summary.
Application of results from the research project "A ship in compressive ice" to ship operability
Damage statistics of ice-strengthened ships in the Baltic Sea 1984-1987
Professional French pastry series . Volume 3, petits fours, chocolate, frozen desserts, and sugar work
Ice model tests of a cylindrical structure : in accordance with 19th ITTC Performance in Ice Covered Waters Committee
Observations of ice and its impurities in Finnish lakes
Migration in globalized sport : Finnish ice hockey players in Russia
Hunting by indigenous peoples of charismatic mega-fauna : does human rights approach challenge the way hunting by indigenous peoples is regulated?
When the final buzzer sounds : NHL greats share their stories of hardship and triumph : an anthology
Development of the positional playing skills in different gamesituation roles in ice hockey
The Use of video feedback as a performance analysis coaching tool in amateur level ice hockey
The ends of the earth : an anthology of the finest writing on the Arctic and the Antarctic
How hockey explains Canada : the sport that defines a country
Russian trade of Urheilu & Kalastus Pallas products
Unseemly science
Working group on river ice jams : field studies and research needs
Developing of aircraft de-icing operations at helsinki airport
Nature's masterpieces : The earth, its wonders, its secrets
Touching north
Static and cyclic load tests of composite ice-resisting wall
Sports illustrated figure skating : championship techniques
River-ice ecology
The evolution of ridged ice fields
Environmental aspects of river ice
Individual player developmental model in ice-hockey
Quaternary environmental change in the tropics
Glaciochemical evidence of spatial and temporal environmental variability across Svalbard
A comparative financial analysis of cross-country skiing and ice hockey
Sea ice concentration off Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
Deceptions and doublecross : how the NHL conquered hockey
Ice hockey instructor's guide for EC Dornbirner Bulldogs
How to attract non-native Finns to the home games of Hockey-Team Vaasan Sport
Report of the Norwegian Antarctic Research Expedition 1997/98
Physics of ice
SAR remote sensing of sea ice : towards automatic extraction of geophysical information
Antarctica from NOAA satellites : clouds, ice and snow
Drilled well yield and hydraulic properties in the Precambrian crystalline bedrock of Central Finland
International conference on low temperature science. I. Conference on physics of snow and ice. II. Conference on cryobiology. August, 14-19, 1966, Sapporo, Japan. 1:2, Physics of snow and ice
High latitude climate and remote sensing
Arctic '96 : RV Polarstern trafficability report
Investigations into the physical and chemical properties of Baltic Sea ice
The actions of the Arctic states respecting the continental shelf : a reflective essay
Postglacial deformation of the Fennoscandian crust
Handbook of snow : principles, processes, management and use
Report of the Sea Ice Thickness Workshop : 19-21 November 1991 New Carrollton, MD
Antarctic sea ice, 1973-1976: satellite passive-microwave observations
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) contamination history in the high Arctic glacier on Svalbard
Role of sea-ice biota in nutrient and organic material cycles in the Northern Baltic Sea
Local ice cover deformation and mesoscale ice dynamics : report from the "Ice State" project. Part 2, Synthesis report
Women's ice hockey in Estonia
Microbial communities in sea ice
Model prediction of frost tolerance as related to winter survival of wheat in Finnish field trials
The use of ice on small fishing vessels
Wireless ice detection system
Arctic climate change : the ACSYS decade and beyond
Ice carving made easy
Practice evaluation package for on-ice coaching in ice hockey
Brett : his own story
The quest begins
Goalie coach course for th IIHF
Ice technology : international conference. 1. Cambridge, MA, USA, June 1986 : proceedings
Long-term changes in Baltic Sea ice conditions
Contact between structure and ice : results from ice crushing tests with flexible indentor
The ocean and the poles : grand challenges for European cooperation
Frost flower chemical signature in winter snow on Vestfonna ice cap, Nordaustlandet, Svalbard
The politicization of the Arctic in the beginning of the 21st century : how do the Arctic Ocean states legitimate their new role in the Arctic of melting ice and new opportunities?
Studies of dense shelf water, vertical stratification and sea ice thickness of the arctic ocean
Heterogeneous ice nucleation
The whale and the supercomputer : on the Northern front of climate change
Microwave remote sensing of sea ice
Gordie : a hockey legend : an unauthorized biography of Gordie Howe
From 1989 to 1994, the European and U.S. science communities acquired deep ice cores from on and near Greenland summit. These efforts, the Greenland Ice Sheet Project (GRIP), and the Greenland Ice Sheet Project 2 (GISP2), have provided a robust paleoenvironmental record for the international global change community. This CD-ROM is a compilation of the research results from both efforts.
Ice forecasting techniques for the arctic seas
By the time he retired, Brad Park had surpassed the great Bobby Orr in career assists by a defenseman. Inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame the first year he was eligible, and later named one of the Top 100 NHL players of all time by The Hockey News, Park will forever be remembered as one of the greatest men ever to take the ice. The first and only authorized biography of Park's life and career, Straight Shooter: The Brad Park Story, delves deeper into his legendary success than any book has before, bringing together exclusive, candid insights from Park himself, as well as interviews with dozens of players, family members, and key figures from the hockey world. Covering Park's early years growing up in Toronto, to his first exposure to the NHL with the New York Rangers and his stellar performance with the Boston Bruins, through the twilight of his career and retirement, the book examines every aspect of his remarkable life in unprecedented detail. Giving hockey fans a full, frank look at the career of an NHL legend—including the challenges Park faced in his personal life, including caring for his physically handicapped son—Straight Shooter is a fascinating look at one of the game's true greats. - Covers Park's life in detail, from his time with the Rangers and Bruins to his experiences with Team Canada in the 1972 Summit Series.
Laboratory tests of propeller blade profile pressure distribution under ice contact. Volume 2
Polaris : chivalric tragedy at the utmost north
Proceedings : IAHR Symposium on Ice 1990 : Espoo, Finland, August 20-24, 1990.
A dream of ice
Physics of ice-covered seas : lecture notes from a summer school in Savonlinna, Finland 6-17 June 1994
Psychological Abilities of Junior Ice Hockey Players
Deformation of glacial materials
Space knights and ice dragons
