http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6834 sign language (chirology)
sign language (chirology)
Sign language interpreting : theory and practice in Australia and New Zealand
From topic boundaries to omission : new research on interpretation
This dictionary represents a milestone of sign language research in Hong Kong. Each of the signs collected is given a near equivalent in both Chinese and English including a brief description of its linguistic properties. Through this dictionary, deaf people can learn about the nature of their own language while hearing people can get to know the sign language varieties of the local deaf community. The dictionary also lays the foundation of sign linguistics research, the development of sign interpreter training, the production of sign language teaching and learning materials.
Starting to sign : A handbook to accompany the beginners 2 signing course
On relativization and clefting : an analysis of Italian sign language
Sign language interpreting in legal settings in Flanders : An exploratory study into the experiences of Flemish Deaf people in their contact with the justice system
Sign languages of the world : a comparative handbook
Sign language : an international handbook
"Increased interaction between sign language communities and the mainstream societies in which they function is creating the potential for greater equality of opportunity for people who are deaf and hard of hearing. In this volume, renowned scholars and policy makers from around the world present innovative and groundbreaking perspectives on the relationships among sign language, sustainable development, and equal opportunities. The contributors to this volume offer creative and open-minded explorations of the construct of sustainability that are informed by their work with deaf individuals, deaf communities, families of deaf children, and other stakeholders. Sign Language, Sustainable Development, and Equal Opportunities describes sustainability in relation to: &middot; identity, resilience, and well-being &middot;partic&shy;ipatory citizenship &middot;historical perspectives on sign language use in educational contexts &middot;sign language learning and teaching &middot;human rights and inclusive education &middot;literate thought and literacy &middot;the sign language factor and the development of sign language communities in sub-Saharan Africa &middot;sign language legislation These changing communities' understanding of what is required to become sustainable--in areas such as full participation and citizenship in society, economic well-being, access to quality education, and cultural and linguistic identity--is also taking new forms. This work contributes to the paradigm shifts regarding deaf emancipation and deaf education taking place around the world"--
At Grandma's House
ABCs of Finger Spelling
Perfect phrases in American sign language for beginners : 150 essential phrases for communicating with users of ASL
Concise sign-conversation textbook "Gestuno"
British sign language
Hong Kong sign language : a trilingual dictionary with linguistic descriptions
Linguistic coping strategies in sign language interpreting
Hand talk : sign language among American Indian nations
Interpreters at Terminology Work: Views to Professional Development, Language Policy and Language Management
"Sub-Saharan Africa is one of the most linguistically, culturally, and geographically diverse regions of the world, home to more than 2,000 languages. As in the rest of the world, Deaf people live throughout the widely varying sub-Saharan communities, equally rich in their signed languages. An emergent body of scholarly research on sub-Saharan signed languages (SSSL) and related Deaf community organizing has created the opportunity to gather together the informed perspectives presented in this revolutionary collection. Drawing examples from all regions of sub-Saharan Africa--Western, Eastern, Central, and Southern--16 contributors join the volume editors in illuminating the circumstances pertaining to cross-border, cross-regional, and global engagements in sub-Saharan Deaf communities. This collection centers upon two interrelated purposes: to examine sub-Saharan African deaf people's perspectives on citizenship, politics, and difference in relation to SSSL practices, and to analyze SSSL practices in relation to sociopolitical histories and social change interests (including addressing aspects of culture, gender, language usage, race, ethnicity, sexuality, and ability). The editors have organized these themes under three main sections, Sub-Saharan Signed Languages and Deaf Communities, The Politics of Mobilizing Difference, and Citizenship. Such wide-ranging subjects as the ethics of studying Kenyan signed language, sign language and Deaf communities in Eritrea, and overcoming cultural and linguistic barriers to HIV/AIDS education drive home the importance of the unique and varied research in this collection"--
Classifiers in BSL : A Guide
Multilingualism and Sign Languages : From the Great Plains to Australia
Using numbers in British sign language
American sign language : A Teacher's resource text on curriculum, methods, and evaluation
Deafness : Life and Culture
Languages of friendship : volume 2.
This books is a collection of pointers and is the result of Jack Hoza's many years of experience in the field of American Sign Language/English interpretation. The book is both enjoyable and thought provoking for interpreting students, newer interpreters, seasoned interpreters, and those who work with interpreters.
IISE - Interpreting in International Settings : training material for interpreters
Seeing voices : a journey into the world of the deaf
Taking non-manuality into account in collecting and analyzing Finnish Sign Language video data
Interpreting: an introduction
Language in hand : why sign came before speech
Introduction to American Sign Language
From the Municipalities to the State – A New Stage in the development of the Profession? : A study of sign language interpreters views of the new service system
Fingerspelled word recognition through rapid serial visual presentation
The Interpreting Handbook Unit 1 covers six topics to prepare professional interpreters to claim their rightful label of "Linguist". Topics include Communication, Language, Language Use, Language Variation, Language Encoding Systems, and Pidgins, Creoles & Other Things. The book is designed to be both for students of interpreting in their introductory course and for working professionals who may not have received linguistic training even though they are competent interpreters. This text contains hyperlinks to web pages that are kept up to date with new information, practice material and sample quizzes.
Fingerspelling English words in Finnish sign language context : a multimodal view on interaction
Words in hand : a structural analysis of the signs of British Sign Language
Interpreting: the art of cross cultural mediation : Proceedings of the Ninth National Convention of the Registry of Interpreters for the Deaf July 4 - 8, 1985
Interpreting with Immigrant Deaf People : a Qualitative Case Study of an Interpreted Event
Classifiers made easier
My first signs
Mouth actions in sign languages have been controversially discussed but the sociolinguistic factors determining their form and functions remain uncertain. This first empirical analysis of mouth actions in Irish Sign Language focuses on correlations with gender, age, and word class. It contributes to the linguistic description of ISL, research into non-manuals in sign languages, and is relevant for the cross-modal study of word classes.
The Little Green Monster
The Oxford handbook of deaf studies in language
Signing for Kids : The fun way for anyone to learn Sign Language
Research methods in sign language studies : a practical guide
This revision of the book incorporates the many changes that have occurred in the field since the publication of the original text in 1981. It reflects the shifts in philosophy and current trends in interpreting. Like the first text, this revision is down to earth and unpretentious while respectful of the field and complexity of the task. Revised edition remains an invaluable text for students and teachers of interpreting, professionals and administrators of support services, and for anyone interested in integrating D/deaf and hearing individuals in any given situation.
Writing of the gestual language signs
"This ground-breaking work, originally published 15 years ago, continues to serve as the primary reference on the theories of omission potential and translational contact in sign language interpreting. In the book, noted scholar Jemina Napier explores the linguistic coping strategies of interpreters by drawing on her own study of the interpretation of a university lecture from English into Australian Sign Language (Auslan). A new preface by the author provides perspective on the importance of the work and how it fits within the scholarship of interpretation studies. The concept of strategic omissions is explored here as a tool that is consciously used by interpreters as a coping strategy. Instead of being a mistake, omitting part of the source language can actually be part of an active decision-making process that allows the interpreter to convey the correct meaning when faced with challenges. For the first time, Napier found that omission potential existed within every interpretation and, furthermore, she proposed a new taxonomy of five different conscious and unconscious omission types. Her findings also indicate that Auslan/English interpreters use both a free and literal interpretation approach, but that those who use a free approach occasionally switch to a literal approach as a linguistic coping strategy to provide access to English terminology. Both coping strategies help negotiate the demands of interpretation, whether it be lack of subject-matter expertise, dealing with dense material, or the context of the situation. Napier also analyzes the interpreters’ reflections on their decision-making processes as well as the university students’ perceptions and preferences of their interpreters’ linguistic choices and styles. Linguistic Coping Strategies in Sign Language Interpreting is a foundational text in interpretation studies that can be applied to interpreting in different contexts and to interpreter training."
Towards an integrative information society : studies on individuality in speech and sign
In Understanding International Sign, Lori A. Whynot examines International Sign (IS) to determine the extent to which signers from different countries comprehend it. She focuses exclusively on expository lecture IS used in conference settings and presents the first empirical research on its effectiveness for communicating rich information to diverse audience members. International Sign is regarded as a lingua franca that is employed by deaf people to communicate with other deaf people who do not share the same conventionalized local sign language. Contrary to widely-held belief, sign languages are not composed of a unified system of universal gestures—rather, they are distinctly different, and most are mutually unintelligible from one another. The phenomenon of IS has emerged through increased global interaction during recent decades, driven by a rise in the number of international conferences and events and by new technologies that allow for enhanced global communication. IS is gaining acceptance for providing communicative access to conference audience members who do not have knowledge of the designated conference languages, and it is being recruited for use due to the prohibitive expense of providing interpreting services in numerous different sign languages. However, it is not known how well audience members understand IS, and it may actually limit equal access to the interpreted information. Whynot compares IS to native sign languages and analyzes the distribution of linguistic elements in the IS lexicon and their combined effect on comprehension. Her findings indicate that audiences with diverse sign languages understand much less of IS presentations than has been previously assumed. Whynot’s research has crucial implications for expository IS usage, training, and interpreting, and it sheds light on the strengths and weaknesses inherent in cross-linguistic, signed contact settings.
Accreditation Reform for South African Sign Language Interpreters : An Action Research Study
"Sicard was a French revolutionary priest who enjoyed a meteoric rise from Toulouse and Bordeaux to Paris. Despite the fact that he was a non-juror, he escaped the guillotine. In fact, the revolutionaries acknowledged him as one of the great creators of sign language. In the Terror of 1794, they made him the director of the first school for the deaf, and later he became a member of the first Ecole Normale of 1794, the National Institute, and the Acade;mie Française. He is recognized today as having developed Enlightenment theories of pantomime, "signing,' (and hopefully a "universal language") that later spread to Russia, Spain, and America. No book-length biography of Sicard has been published in any language since 1873, even though Sicard became an international "celebrity." My story is of interest to French and American language and deaf studies as well as to the history of the French Revolution and Napoleon"--
Our stories : The soul of sign language interpreting
Baby signs
"Although a number of edited collections deal with either the languages of the world or the languages of particular regions or genetic families, only a few cover sign languages or even include a substantial amount of information on them. This handbook provides information on some 38 sign languages, including basic facts about each of the languages, structural aspects, history and culture of the Deaf communities, and history of research. This information will be of interest not just to general audiences, including those who are deaf, but also to linguists and students of linguistics. By providing information on sign languages in a manner accessible to a less specialist audience, this volume fills an important gap in the literature."--
Understanding international sign : a sociolinguistic study
Signs in the brain: Hearing signers’ cross-linguistic semantic integration strategies
The things I like to do : signed English
Sign language for everyone : an Interactive guide to learning American sign language
Starting to sign : A handbook to accompany the beginners 1 signing course
Working with Hannah : a special girl in a mainstream school
You×ve got a song
Sign Language Structure : An Outline of the Visual Communication Systems of the American Deaf
Where do nouns come from?
This book is intended for people working primarily from ASL to English. It identifies skills required to render ASL to English interpretations using the same research method as the first book. These two pieces of research complement each other and should be used together. In both books, the term ASL is used in its broadest sense meaning that Deaf/deaf signers may use a wide range of language from ASL native signing to a more English-based signing. This entire range of signing was included in the research. No restrictions were placed on the degree of ASL fluency.
American sign language : linguistic and applied dimension
American sign language: shattering the myth
Educational interpreting : how it can succeed
Linguistics of American sign language : a resource text for ASL users
Ameslan : an introduction to American Sign Language
The ubiquity of mouthings in NGT : a corpus study
The American sign language phrase book
A handbook on international sign = Manual de signos internacionales
To find a suitable framework for the description of a previously undocumented language is all the more challenging in the case of a signed language. In this book, for the first time, an indigenous Asian sign language used in deaf communities in India and Pakistan is described on all linguistically relevant levels. This grammatical sketch aims at providing a concise yet comprehensive picture of the language. It covers a substantial part of Indopakistani Sign Language grammar. Topics discussed range from properties of individual signs to principles of discourse organization. Important aspects of morphological structure and syntactic regularities are summarized. Finally, sign language specific grammatical mechanisms such as spatially realized syntax and the use of facial expressions also figure prominently in this book. A 300-word dictionary with graphic representations of signs and a transcribed sample text complement the grammatical description. The cross-linguistic study of signed languages is only just beginning. Descriptive materials such as the ones presented in this book provide the necessary starting point for further empirical and theoretical research in this direction.
Polysynthetic signs in Swedish sign language : English summary of Polysyntetiska tecken i svenska teckenspråket
Networks and place : a study of online activities in two focus groups
New Generation Wireless Technologies impact on Educational Environments : Case: Utilizing Finnish Sign Language in Interpreter Training
The D.E.A.F. manual alphabet coloring book
“Licence to interpret” : on the Authorization and Registration of Interpreters
Mouth actions in sign languages : an empirical study of Irish sign language
One world one responsibility : X World Congress of the World Federation of the Deaf : proceedings = Même monde responsibilité partagée : Xème Congrès mondial de la FMS : actes, Espoo, Finland 20.-28.7.1987
"With the increase of American Sign Language being offered as a foreign language in high schools, this book addresses issues to better prepare high schools in their recruitment and education of new ASL students"--
Concise lexicon for sign linguistics
Sign language, sustainable development, and equal opportunities : envisioning the future for deaf students
Lift up your hands : songs in Sign Language
Signs for instructional purposes
Euro-Sign Workshop
The signs of language revisited : an anthology to honor Ursula Bellugi and Edward Klima
The meaning of space in sign language : reference, specificity and structure in Catalan sign language discourse
Ismael and his sisters
Kenyan sign language dictionary
Sign languages in village communities : anthropological and linguistic insights
Deuxieme contribution pour le dictionarie international du langage des signes terminologie de conference = Second contribution to the international dictionary of the language of signs conference terminology
The Interpreter's guide to life : 365 tips for interpreters : 'Don't wear black to a wedding' and other words of advice
The professional and the consumer in interpreting : a report of the Third International Symposium on Interpretation of Sign Language
International Hand Alphabet Charts
"While many deaf organizations around the world have adopted an ethno-linguistic framing of deafness, the meanings and consequences of this perspective vary across cultural contexts, and relatively little scholarship exists that explores this framework from an anthropological perspective. In this book, Erika Hoffmann-Dilloway presents an accessible examination of deafness in Nepal. As a linguistic anthropologist, she describes the emergence of Nepali Sign Language and deaf sociality in the social and historical context of Nepal during the last decades before the Hindu Kingdom became a secular republic. She then shows how the adoption of an ethno-linguistic model interacted with the ritual pollution model, or the prior notion that deafness results from bad karma. Her focus is on the impact of these competing and co-existing understandings of deafness on three groups: signers who adopted deafness as an ethnic identity, homesigners whose ability to adopt that identity is hindered by their difficulties in acquiring Nepali Sign Language, and hearing Nepalis who interact with Deaf signers. Comparing these contexts demonstrates that both the ethno-linguistic model and the ritual pollution model, its seeming foil, draw on the same basic premise: that both persons and larger social formations are mutually constituted through interaction. Signing and Belonging in Nepal is an ethnography that studies a rich and unique Deaf culture while also contributing to larger discussions about social reproduction and social change."--
Sign language learning book : Taiwan - International
The interpreting handbook : Part 1
American sign language syntax
International symposium on sign language research 1, Skepparholmen, Sweden, June 10-16.1979 : papers : a compilation of papers presented at STOCKHOLM-79
Citizenship, politics, difference : perspectives from Sub-Saharan signed language
Sign with your baby
Mouth actions in sign languages
HamNoSys : Hamburg NotationSystem for Sign Language
Say it with hands
Friends are for signing
Seeing English through signing eyes : Finnish sign language users' views on learning English
A Pictorial History of the Evolution of the British Manual Alphabet
Sign language for everyone
Language across languages : new perspectives on translation
American sign language demystified
Spoken Communication
This concise dictionary contains 153 of the most used and necessary signs for the guests of the 8th Congress of the World Federation of the Deaf. They had been chosen from the international sign language GESTUNO. Their meaning is given here in the following languages: English, French, Spanish, German, Russian and Bulgarian.
The psychodynamic effects on the interpreting process
Irish sign language : a cognitive linguistic account
Sign Languages : Finnish Sign Language (An Introduction to Finnish Sign Language)
Essential baby sign language : the most important 75 signs you can teach your baby
Sophie discovers synchronized swimmig
Deaf around the world : the impact of language
Thai Sign Language Book : Book 2.
Signing naturally : student workbook level 2
In the growing body of research on sign language linguistics, one area onf inquiry considers an important compononent of all sign languages - handshapes - and whether the use of spesific shapes increases in direct relation to the ease of their formation. In this study, author Jean Ann provides significant clarification through an incisive assessment of Taiwanese sign language, a perfect model for bringing resolution to the handshape question.  Ann employs a straightforward methodology in her examination of the use of Taiwan sign language (TSL) handshapes in five succint chapters. In the first chapter, she discusses the two approaches linguistics have taken towards understanding languages, and how these theories have influences sign language researchers' consideration of the ease of articulation and frequency of handshapes. In her second chapter, Ann delineates the physiology of hands and explains why certain digits move with greater dexterity tha others. She applies this physiological information in the third chapter to construct a model for determining the ease of articulation of any logically possible handshape. She divides the handshapes into three categories, ranging from impossible to easy.  In the fourth chapter, Ann uses her model to examine the patterns of TSL, first by describing the 56 handshapes identified with TSL, then detrmining how often each is used. She then compares the usage data to the handshapes' ease of formation. The final chapter summarizes her findings and suggests implications of this work that are bound to generate further speculation and study of sign language handshapes in the future.
Dictionary of Hungarian Sign Language
Interpreting Management and policy in Finland, United Kingdom and Germany
As the only book of its kind, this book describes the social and historical background of this signed language and places Irish Sign Language in a world context. The Signs of Ireland corpus is used to introduce phonology, morphology, syntax, semantics and pragmatics. It also examines the key influences driving signed language linguistics in the past decade, including: recognition of the role of gesture; the influence of cognitive linguistics; the complexities of iconic representation in signing space; the role of simultaneous construction; and the grammar of ISL. All examples listed are drawn from the Signs of Ireland corpus, one of the largest digital corpora of a signed language in Europe, and are included on the accompanying DVD. An essential resource for sign language teachers and interpreters, students of sign linguistics, and learners of ISL in Ireland, this book offers new insights into the role of gesture, spatial models, iconicity, metaphor, and metonymy in ISL grammar, vocabulary and discourse.
Gesture and multimodal development
Hand Signs for Technical Terms Used in Thematic and Topographic Mapping
Significant gestures : a history of american sign language
Linguistics of American Sign Language : an introduction [Elektroninen aineisto]
International review of sign linguistics : volume 1
Evaluation report of the East & Southern Africa regional Sign Language project (ESARSLAP) : Level 1
Sign language interpreting : a basic resource book
A concide dictionary of New Zealand Sign Language
In our house
Speaking the language of sign : the art and science of signing
Introduction to American Sign Language : workbook
Language choices and the need for interpreting services for deaf children and young people with cochlear implants
The deaf way : Perspectives from the international conference on deaf culture
American Indian nations of the Great Plains and cultural groups bordering this geographic area spoke so many different languages that verbal communication between them was difficult. As extensive trade networks developed and political alliances became necessary, an elegant language of the hands developed that cut across spoken language barriers. Though now endangered, this sign language continues to serve a vital role in traditional storytelling, rituals, legends, prayers, conversational narratives, and as a primary language of American Indians who are deaf. This volume contains the most current descriptions of all levels of the language from phonology to discourse, as well as comparisons with other sign languages. This is the first work of its kind to be produced in more than a century, and is intended for students of sign language as well as those wishing to learn more about American Indian languages and cultures.
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
Polysynthetic signs in swedish sign language
Current Developments in sign Language research in Sweden
Language research : new views of how the brain works
Language and human rights : Plenary paper at the Euro-Sign conference, 6-8 September 2001, München, Germany, organised by Deutscher Gehörlosen-Bund
Lessons and activities in American sign language
Bilingualism and deafness : on language contact in the bilingual acquisition of sign language and written language
Learning American sign language in high school : motivation, strategies, and achievement
Studies in Swedish sign language
Discovering sign language
Classifiers of sport with Jerry Hanifin
Sign and say : book 2.
Signing and belonging in Nepal
Abbé Sicard's deaf education : empowering the mute, 1785-1820
Sign language interpreting and interpreter education : directions for research and practice
Visible variation : comparative studies on sign language structure
Thai Sign Language Book : Book 1.
Gestuno : international sign language of the deaf = Language gestuel international des sours
Sign bilingualism : language development, interaction and maintenance in sign language contact situations
The linguistics of sign languages : an introduction
This third book in the series focuses in particular on Article 33 of the CRPD. National implementation and monitoring is analysed and good examples are presented from the different stakeholders involved in the process; from the view of the decision makers, to the independent monitoring organisations and civil society organisations (Disabled People’s Organisations, DPOs), both at European and national level. The diverse chapters represent a range of disciplines and professionals. Their backgrounds span from political and institutional stakeholders and representatives, to academic scholars and NGO representatives. In particular, the authors explore how the rights enshrined in Article 33 are applicable to deaf and hard of hearing citizens, and how they are involved in the process of assuring that the CRPD is implemented in the best way possible.
The sign language - a manual of signs illustrated : being a descriptive vocabulary of signs used by the deaf of the United States and Canada
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
This book examines sociolinguistic, educational and psycholinguistic factors that shape the path to sign bilingualism in deaf individuals and contributes to a better understanding of the specific characteristics of a type of bilingualism that is neither territorial nor commonly the result of parent-to-child transmission. The evolution of sign bilingualism at the individual level is discussed from a developmental linguistics perspective on the basis of a longitudinal investigation of deaf learners' bilingual acquisition of German sign language (DGS) and German. The case studies included in this volume offer unique insights into bilingual deaf learners’ sign language and written language productions, and the sophisticated nature of the bilingual competence they attain. Commonalities and differences between sign bilingual language development in deaf learners and language development in other language acquisition scenarios are identified on the basis of a dynamic model of change in the evolution of (learner) language, with a focus on the role of language contact in the organisation of multilingual knowledge and the scope of inter- and intra-individual variation in learner grammars. In many respects, as becomes apparent throughout the chapters of this work, sign bilingualism represents not only a challenge but also a resource. Given this cross-disciplinary perspective, the insights on bilingualism and deafness in this volume will be of interest to a wide range of researchers and professionals.
The book describes the regular components of the signs of British Sign Language (BSL), including the main handshapes, positions and movements. It also provides a notation system which should be of use to all those who like to write down BSL signs.
Frequency of occurrence and ease of articulation of sign language handshapes : the taiwanese example
Apple is my sign
From sign to signing : iconicity in language and literature. 3
Semantic fields in sign languages : colour, kinship and quantification
American sign language and sign systems
UNCRPD Implementation in Europe - A Deaf Perspective : Article 33: National Implementation and Monitoring
British sign language of Sheffield
The use of signing space in a shared sign language of Australia
Variation in the input : studies in the acquisition of word order
Word-order issues in sign language : working papers
"Reflecting the exponential growth of college courses offering American Sign Language (ASL) as a foreign language, high schools have followed suit with significant increases in ASL classes during the past two decades. Despite this trend, high school ASL teachers and program administrators possess no concrete information on why students take ASL for foreign language credit, how they learn new signs and grammar, and how different learning techniques determines their achievement in ASL. This new book addresses these issues to better prepare high schools in their recruitment and education of new ASL students. Author Russell S. Rosen begins with the history of ASL as a foreign language in high schools, including debates about the foreign language status of ASL, the situation of deaf and hard of hearing students in classes, and governmental recognition of ASL as a language. Based on his study of five high school ASL programs, he defines the factors that motivate students, including community and culture, and analyzes strategies for promoting language processing and learning. Learning American Sign Language in High School provides strategies for teaching ASL as a second language to students with learning disabilities as well. Its thorough approach ensures the best opportunity for high school students to attain high levels of achievement in learning ASL"--
A Comprehensive Bibliography on American Sign Language : A Resource Manual
Tabak has created a fascinating exploration of a unique and uniquely beautiful North American language. The story begins in 18th century France in the first schools to use signed language as the language of instruction. Early in the 19th century a few individuals introduced a variant of this language into the United States and developed an educational system in which to use it. Out of these schools came members of a new American social class, the Deaf--with a capital D--who, united by a common signed language, create institutions through which they can participate in society on terms equal to those of other constituent groups. This strategy proved extremely controversial among all but the Deaf. The controversy lasted a century, during which time American Sign Language evolved along racial lines and in response to the pressures of those who sought to eliminate the use of American Sign Language. Today, new ideas in art, science, and education have supplanted much of the old opposition to American Sign Language and Deaf culture. New legislation and new technologies have also had profound effects on the lives of American Deaf. As a consequence, American Sign Language is evolving faster than ever before.
A language in space : the story of Israeli sign language
Everything baby sign language book : get an early start communicating with your baby!
Coding and transcription for BSL acquisition : Version 1:2
Learn signing with sign writing!
A matter of complexity : subordination in sign languages
Jean's Christmas Stocking
Talking with the deaf
Fountain of youth
Current directions in turkish sign language research
Signs and structures : formal approaches to sign language syntax
Language, gesture and space
A field guide for sign language research
Proceedings of the first National symposium on sign language research and teaching : Chicago, Illinois May 30 - June 3, 1977
Languages and languaging in deaf education : a framework for pedagogy
Teach your baby to sign : an illustrated guide to simple sign language for babies
Interpretation skills : American sign language to English
Perspectives on sign language structure : Papers from the fifth international symposium on sign language research. Vol. 1. Salamanca, Spain 25-30 May 1992
Sign and say : book 1.
Language from the body : iconicity and metaphor in American Sign Language
Sign language in Indo-Pakistan : a description of a signed language
Little Leon signing and speaking
How to use a sign language interpreter : a guide for businesses
The people of the eye : deaf ethnicity and ancestry
Signs of acquiring bimodal bilingualism differently : a longitudinal case study of mediating a deaf and a hearing twin in a deaf family
Méér dan een gebaar : rapport van de Commissie Nederlandse Gebarentaal = report of the Government Committee on sign language of the Netherlands
Signing for dummies
The raging quiet
The Gallaudet children's dictionary of American Sign Language
Sign the speech : an introduction to theatrical interpreting
Sign me fine : experiencing American Sign Language
Learning American Sign Language
