http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6830 bankruptcy
bankruptcy
The history of bankruptcy : economic, social and cultural implications in early modern Europe
IPR-bankruptcy : new or old framework?
European cross-border insolvency regulation : a study of Regulation 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings in the light of a paradigm of co-operation and a Comitas Europaea
Bankruptcy, credit risk, and high yield junk bonds
Explaining small- and medium-sized failed and non-failed firms ratings with three statistical models
European corporate insolvency : a practical guide
The insolvency law of Central and Eastern Europe : twelve country screenings of the new member and candidate countries of the European Union and Russia: a comparative analysis
Victorian Insolvency explores for the first time the financial, legal, and administrative aspects of insolvency in nineteenth-century England. V. Markham Lester gives a detailed statistical analysis covering bankruptcy, imprisonment for debt, and company winding-up during the period, and traces the decline in the level of insolvency towards the end of the century. His thorough scholarship demonstrates just how significant a problem insolvency was for English society in the Victorian era. Dr Lester argues persuasively that random factors may have played as great a role as cyclical fluctuations in bankruptcy levels.
Statutory priorities in corporate insolvency law : an analysis of preferred creditor status
Hedge funds ́ investments to distressed securities : empirical study before and during the credit market crisis
This volume takes up bankruptcy in early modern Europe, when its frequency made it not only an economic problem but a personal tragedy and a social evil. Using legal, business and personal records, the essays in this volume examine the impact of failure on business organizations and practices, capital formation and circulation, economic institutions and ethics, and human networks and relations in the so-called transition to modern society, from the early-sixteenth to the early-nineteenth century. One group of essays concentrates on the German-speaking world and shows a common concern for the microeconomics of bankruptcy, that is, for such issues as the structure of the firm, the nature of its capital, and the practices of its partners, especially their assessment of risk. Another group of essays shifts the focus from Central to Western and Northern Europe and away from the microeconomics of the early modern firm to an institutional consideration of bankruptcy. The final group of essays turns to Southern Europe, especially the Mediterranean basin, to assess bankruptcy not as an unfortunate result of crisis, but as an intentional response to crisis. All of the contributions are the result of original research; many of the scholars publish in English for the first time. All of the chapters are founded on close archival research, offering insights not only into business organization and practice but also into social and cultural aspects of economic life from the late sixteenth to the early nineteenth century.
Legal aspects of foodservice management
About the duties of the directors of an insolvent company : a survey of the contents of the Finnish Companies Act 13:2
Advances in credit risk modelling and corporate bankruptcy prediction
Corporate bankruptcy in India : a comparative perspective
A multi-method empirical study of Finnish SME restructurings
The law of bankruptcy
Corporate financial distress and bankruptcy : a survey
Estimating likelihood of filing a petition for reorganization and bankruptcy: evidence from Finland
The Wangs vs the world
Handbook of law and economics. Vol. 2
The "self-made" man is a familiar figure in nineteenth-century American history. But the relentless expansion of market relations that facilitated such stories of commercial success also ensured that individual bankruptcy would become a prominent feature in the nation's economic landscape. In this ambitious foray into the shifting character of American capitalism, Edward Balleisen explores the economic roots and social meanings of bankruptcy, assessing the impact of widespread insolvency on the evolution of American law, business culture, and commercial society. Balleisen makes innovative use of the rich and previously overlooked court records generated by the 1841 Federal Bankruptcy Act, building his arguments on the commercial biographies of hundreds of failed business owners. He crafts a nuanced account of how responses to bankruptcy shaped two opposing elements of capitalist society in mid-nineteenth-century America--an entrepreneurial ethos grounded in risk taking and the ceaseless search for new markets, new products, and new ways of organizing economic activity, and an urban, middle-class sensibility increasingly averse to the dangers associated with independent proprietorship and increasingly predicated on salaried, white-collar employment.
Summary in English.
Solvency in financial accounting
Bankruptcy Act (1987:672)
Permanently failing organizations
The law of insolvency
Why are all new entrepreneurs better than average? : evidence from subjective failure rate expectations
Corporate financial distress and bankruptcy : a complete guide to predicting & avoiding distress and profiting from bankruptcy
Bankruptcy costs and the bankruptcy code : a case study of the Finnish code
Machine learning for corporate bankruptcy prediction
Butterworths insolvency law handbook
The spinning heart
Executive summary (s. 7-14).
After Enron : lessons for public policy
Dalhuisen on international insolvency and bankruptcy. 2
Bankruptcy and dispute resolution in the international commercial arbitration court at the chamber of commerce and industry of the Russian federation
Corporate hybrid capital : factors affecting the recovery in case of issuer's default
Principles of European insolvency law
Cross country capital structure variation - creditor rights and liquidation values
Failure and forgiveness : rebalancing the bankruptcy system
A comparative law study on bankruptcy estate administration in England and Wales, Germany, and the United States
Company insolvency
International corporate insolvency law
Macroeconomic effects of bankruptcies
Bankruptcy risk as a signal to reorganization of a company
Contrastive study of bankruptcy notices in English, German and Finnish
Bankruptcy in a network economy : study on trade credit and bankruptcy propagation
Testing liquidity measures as bankruptcy prediction variables
Characteristics of the process supersede characteristics of the debtor explaining failure to recover by legal reorganization proceedings
Risk and failure in English business 1700-1800
On additivity of bankruptcy rules
Dalhuisen on international insolvency and bankruptcy. 1
The Asia-Pacific restructuring and insolvency guide 2006
Comparative analysis of failure prediction methods
"Marketing professionals have relied on Hartley's book for 30 years to uncover the best and worst marketing programs. Invitation to Research suggestions allow readers to take the case a step further, to investigate what has happened since the case was written, both to the company and even to some of the individuals involved. Learning Insights help marketing professionals see how certain practices--both errors and successes--cross company lines and are prone to be either traps for the unwary or success models. Each chapter has been updated to reflect the latest information available about each case"--
The effect of sample size on different failure prediction methods
Nonsteady corporate model in bankruptcy prediction
On the edge
Insolvency, commercial utility and principles of justice : the making of bankruptcy law in Sweden and Finland, ca. 1680-1868
On the instability of financial patterns in failed firms and the predictability of corporate failure
Assessing the probability of bankruptcy : an application of the Hosmer-Lemeshow modelling strategy
Victorian Insolvency also traces the history of insolvency legislation and adds a new and important dimension to the debate on government growth by examining how the English legal system, through its administration of bankruptcy laws, increased the size and complexity of government bureaucracy. By the end of the nineteenth-century, the cost of administering bankrupt estates was one of the largest items of government expenditure. Dr Lester places Victorian management of insolvency in the context of other legal reforms, the relationship between the legal and business communities, and the development of the modern British state.
Personal insolvency : Law and practice
Corporate insolvency law
Bankruptcy : materials and cases
Insolvency systems in Asia : an efficiency perspective
Cases and materials on creditors' and debtors' protection
Dealing with economic failure is one of the persistent and ubiquitous features of economic life. This volume brings together international scholars from several academic disciplines - economic and social history, legal history and law. They address a variety of different aspects on economic failure ranging from case studies on bankruptcy, insolvency, speculation, and strategies of coping with economic and financial squeezes. One focus throughout the book is on the in-betweens and the reciprocal impact of law and practice. The time frame covers the period from the late middle ages to the present day. Irrespective of the temporal, spatial or cultural differences a slow and tedious evolution from a creditor-friendly to a more debtor-friendly perspective can be perceived. The chances for a fresh start have slightly improved.
Corporate collapse : regulatory, accounting and ethical failure
The European insolvency regulation : law and practice
Dealing with economic failure : between norm and practice (15th to 21st century)
Marketing mistakes and successes
Finnish review
Rescuing business : the making of corporate bankruptcy law in England and the United States
Bankruptcies and aggregate economic fluctuations
Neural networks and bankruptcy prediction : funds flows, accrual ratios and accounting data
The law of creditor and debtor relations : cases - text - procedure - forms
The law and practice in bankruptcy : supplement to the nineteenth edition
Credit risk and credit access in Asia
The reconstruction of southern debtors : bankruptcy after the Civil War
Bankruptcies, indebtedness and the credit crunch
Does competition make loan markets more fragile?
The Asia-Pacific restructuring and insolvency guide 2003/2004
Entrepreneurship at a glance 2014
Secured credit : a systems approach
Ruin probabilities in insurance mathematics
The elements of bankruptcy
Debt's dominion : a history of bankruptcy law in America
The ethics of bankruptcy
Probability of default models of Russian banks
Navigating failure : bankruptcy and commercial society in Antebellum America
Entrepreneurship at a glance
Introduction to the law of Israel
International bank secrecy
Fit to bust : how great companies fail
Firms, contracts, and financial structure
Corporate insolvency law : perspectives and principles
Danish business law
Corporate bankruptcy and reorganisation procedures in OECD and Central and Eastern European countries
Bankruptcies affect the second hand market
Factoring : a comparative analysis : the legal and practical implications of factoring as practised in the United States, England and Denmark
Secured transactions : a systems approach
Saving your business : how to survive chapter 11 bankruptcy and successfully reorganize your company
Asian insolvency systems : closing the implementation gap
Understanding bankruptcy in the US : a handbook of law and practice
Corporate bankruptcy in America
Studies in the macroeconomic implications of firm entry and exit
Fundamentals of corporate credit analysis
A comparison between the U.S. consumer bankruptcy and the Finnish debt adjustment
Broadbandits : inside the $750 billion telecom heist
Victorian insolvency : bankruptcy, imprisonment for debt, and company winding-up in nineteenth-century England
Forecasting the behaviour of bankruptcies
How They Blew it: the CEOs and entrepreneurs behind some of the world's most catastrophic business failures
Security interests in personal property law
Bankruptcy in a nutshell : including deeds of arrangement and bills of sale
Corporate bankruptcy : economic and legal perspectives
As we forgive our debtors : bankruptcy and consumer credit in America
Nordisk/baltisk rekonstruktionsrätt - en jämförande rapport = Nordic/Baltic company reorganisation law - a comparative report
Summary (s. 7-13).
The law and practice in bankruptcy
Bankruptcy in United States history
An introduction to Danish law
The foundations of English bankruptcy : statutes and commissions in the early modern period
International insolvency law : themes and perspectives
Law of bankruptcy
Contemporary issues in consumer bankruptcy
Cross-border insolvency proceedings and security rights : a comparison of Dutch and German law, the EC Insolvency Regulation and the UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency
