http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6835 miming
miming
Gesture in Naples and gesture in classical antiquity : a translation of La mimica degli antichi investigata nel gestire napoletano, Gestural expression of the ancients in the light of Neapolitan gesturing
The techniques of gesture language : [a theory of practice]
Harlequin in his element : the English pantomine 1806-1836
Facial expressions babies to teens : a visual reference for artists
From the Greek mimes to Marcel Marceau and beyond : mimes, actors, pierrots and clowns : a chronicle of the many visages of mime in the theatre
Physical theatres : a critical introduction
From the Greek mimes to Marcel Marceau and beyond : mimes, actors, Pierrots, and clowns : a chronicle of the many visages of mime in the theatre
The spectre of the Orient : modern French mime and traditional Japanese theatre in the 1930s
Etienne Decroux and His Theatre Laboratory is based on the long-awaited translation of Marco De Marinis' monumental work on mime in the twentieth century: Mimo e teatro nel Novecento (1993). Now revised and updated, the volume focuses specifically on the seminal role played by French mime artist and pedagogue Etienne Decroux. Mime is a theatrical form of ancient tradition. In the nineteenth century, it saw both apogee and crisis in the west with the realistic and gesticulating 'white pantomime'. In the twentieth century, it underwent a radical overhaul, transforming into an 'abstract' corporeal art that shunned imitation and narrative, and which instead tended towards the plastic, elliptic, allusive, and symbolic transposition of actions and situations. This book is the result of detailed investigations, based on contemporary accounts and obscure or unpublished materials. Through the examination of the creative, pedagogical, and theoretical work of the 'inventor' of the new mime art, Etienne Decroux, De Marinis focuses on the different assumptions underlying the various modes of the problematic presence of mime in the theatre of the twentieth century: from the utopia of a 'pure' theatre, attributed to the sole essence of the actor, to its decline into a closed poetic genre often nostalgically stuck in the past; from mime as a pedagogical tool for the actor to mime as an expressive and virtuosic means in the hands of the director.
Physical theatres : a critical reader
Theatre of movement and gesture
Mime, music and drama on the eighteenth-century stage : the ballet d'action
From mime to sign
Mime, the step beyond words : for the actors of dance and drama
Performing processes : creating live performance
A "happy" approach to speechreading : the effects of facial expression, emotional content, and script information on speechreading performance
Finding your funny bone! : the actor's guide to physical comedy and characters
Andrea de Jorio's La mimica degli antichi investigata nel gestire napoletano ('Gestural Expression of the Ancients in the light of Neapolitan gesturing'), was first published in Naples in 1832. It soon became famous for its descriptions and depictions of Neapolitan gestures, but it is only with the recent expansion of scholarly interest in gesture that its true importance has come to be recognized. It is the first book ever written which presents what is, in effect, an ethnographic study of gesture. Treating gesture as a culturally established communicative code, analogous to language, the book sets out to describe, with reference to an explicitly defined cultural group, the gestural expressions of ordinary people as these are used in everyday life. It also deals with numerous issues important for any semiotics of gesture, such as the question of the relationship between physical form and meaning, the problem of how to present a description of the gestural repertoire of a community in a consistent manner, the importance of context for the interpretation of gesture, how gestures may be combined, how they develop as metaphorical expressions, among many others.
A dictionary of theatre anthropology : the secret art of the performer
Considering calamity : methods for performance research
The Routledge Companion to Jacques Lecoq presents a thorough overview and analysis of Jacques Lecoq's life, work and philosophy of theatre. Through an exemplary collection of specially commissioned chapters from leading writers, specialists and practitioners, it draws together writings and reflections on his pedagogy, his practice, and his influence on the wider theatrical environment. It is a comprehensive guide to the work and legacy of one of the major figures of Western theatre in the second half of the twentieth century. In a four-part structure over fifty chapters, the book examines: The historical, artistic and social context out of which Lecoq's work and pedagogy arose, and its relation to such figures as Jacques Copeau, Antonin Artaud, Jean-Louis Barrault, and Dario Fo. Core themes of Lecoq's International School of Theatre, such as movement, play, improvisation, masks, language, comedy, and tragedy, investigated by former teachers and graduates of the School. The significance and value of his pedagogical approaches in the context of contemporary theatre practices. The diaspora of performance practice from the School, from the perspective of many of the most prominent artists themselves. This is an important and authoritative guide for anyone interested in Lecoq's work.
Towards a theory of mime
Towards a Theory of Mime is a genuinely unique book about non-verbal communication and performance. Combining a broad global history of the evolution of human communication with an introduction to the general practice of mime, Alexander Iliev traces a lineage from Marceau and Barrault to his own distinguished practice as performer and teacher. The book moves from a fascinating description of the first principles of gestural language to a stunning sequence of specific exercises in practical training. Written in a sometimes poetic, always accessible and often humorous style, Towards a Theory of Mime conveys complex ideas in a strikingly accessible way.
The art of pantomime
Masks, mimes and miracles : studies in the popular theatre
Movement and meaning : creativity and interpretation in ballet and mime
Facial expressions : a visual reference for artists
The Routledge companion to Jacques Lecoq
The mastery of mimodrame : an in-depth study of mime technique
Exploring mime
Gertrud Bodenwieser and Vienna's contribution to ausdruckstanz
The mime book
The Decroux Sourcebook is the first point of reference for any student of the 'hidden master' of twentieth century theatre. This book collates a wealth of key material on Etienne Decroux, including: an English translation of Patrice Pezin's 'Imaginary Interview', in which Decroux discusses mime's place in the theatre, previously unpublished articles by Decroux from France's Bibiotheque Nationale, essays from Decroux's fellow innovators Eugenio Barba and Edward Gordon Craig, explaining the synthesis of theory and practice in his work. Etienne Decroux's pioneering work in physical theatre is here richly illustrated not only by a library of source material, but also with a gallery of images following his life, work and influences.
Childcraft. 15, Art Around Us
The politics of heaven : women, gender, and empire in the study of Paul
Jacques Lecoq and the British theatre
The language of Kathakali : a guide to mudras
Todd and Marilyn Farley demonstrate mime techniques, helping the viewer establish a strong foundation for mime technique upon which the student may build his/her expression as an artist.
Bringing the body to the stage and screen : expressive movement for performers
The mastery of mimodrame III : a masterclass in mime
The pantomime book : the only known collection of pantomime jokes and sketches in captivity
Mimomania : music and gesture in nineteenth-century opera
The body language phrasebook : 500 ways to read the signs
Understanding body language
Etienne Decroux and his theatre laboratory
Bip in a book
The moving body : teaching creative theatre
Deepening musical performance through movement : the theory and practice of embodied interpretation
Shows the techniques of mime upon which the student may build his/her expression as an artist.
The Decroux sourcebook
Frog skin opioid peptides : a case for environmental mimicry
The definitive book of body language
Dance, human rights, and social justice : dignity in motion
Body language secrets
Mime : a playbook of silent fantasy
Biomimicry as a design reference : the sustainable potentiality of textile design mimicking nature’s ways
Harlequin in his element : the English pantomime, 1806-1836
Mime time : 45 complete routines for everyone
Mime ministry : an illustrated, easy-to-follow guidebook for organizing, programming and training a troupe of Christian mimes
The mastery of movement
A critical analysis of the historical and theoretical issues of modern mime
Body language : what you need to know
The mastery of mimodrame II : a masterclass in mime
Offers the apprentice mime an opportunity to develop technique. Includes students and performers from their 1991 European tour.
This new edition of Physical Theatres: A Critical Introduction continues to provide an unparalleled overview of non-text-based theatre, from experimental dance to traditional mime. It synthesizes the history, theory and practice of physical theatres for students and performers in what is both a core area of study and a dynamic and innovative aspect of theatrical practice. This comprehensive book: traces the roots of physical performance in classical and popular theatrical traditions, looks at the Dance Theatre of DV8, Pina Bausch, Liz Aggiss and Jerome Bel, examines the contemporary practice of companies such as Theatre du Soleil, Complicite and Goat Island, focuses on principles and practices in actor training, with reference to figures such as Jacques Lecoq, Lev Dodin, Philippe Gaulier, Monika Pagneux, Etienne Decroux, Anne Bogart and Joan Littlewood. Extensive cross references ensure that Physical Theatres: A Critical Introduction can be used as a standalone text or together with its companion volume, Physical Theatres: A Critical Reader, to provide an invaluable introduction to the physical in theatre and performance. New to this edition:a chapter on The Body and Technology, exploring the impact of digital technologies on the portrayal, perception and reading of the theatre body, spanning from onstage technology to virtual realities and motion capture; additional profiles of Jerzy Grotowski, Wrights and Sites, Punchdrunk and Mike Pearson; focus on circus and aerial performance, new training practices, immersive and site-specific theatres, and the latest developments in neuroscience, especially as these impact on the place and role of the spectator.
