http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6833 non-verbal language
non-verbal language
The contextualization of language
You and your deaf child : a self-help guide for parents of deaf and hard of hearing children
Flow, gesture, and spaces in free jazz : towards a theory of collaboration
Introduction to kinesics : (an annotation system for analysis of body motion and gesture)
Sign language : an international handbook
Body language : 7 easy lessons to master the silent language
The relationship between nonverbal imitation and gestural communication in 12 to 15 month old infants
Body Language : how to read other's thoughts  by their gesture
Power speaking : the art of the exceptional public speaker : Achim Nowak
The power of body language : how to succeed in every business and and social encounter
Children and communication : verbal and nonverbal language development
Space in danish sign language : the semantics and morphosyntax of the use of space in a visual language
Collins gem body language
Turn-taking, fingerspelling and contact in signed languages
The hand of time : Saint Bede and the Anglo-Celtic contribution to literary, numerical and manual language
Seeing voices : a journey into the world of the deaf
Visible thoughts : the new psychology of body language
Language and gesture
Conducting interaction : patterns of behaviour in focused encounters
Mudras in Japan : symbolic hand-postures in Japanese Mantrayāna or the esoteric Buddhism of the Shingon denomination
Body language at work
Author offers a straightforward and lighthearted approach to teaching infants how to communicate using simple signs, basen on American Sign Language (ASL).
The body language of liars : from little white lies to pathological deception : how to see through the fibs, frauds, and falsehoods people tell you every day
Mind and muscle : an owner's handbook
The book of tells : how to read people's minds from their actions
A prosodic model of sign language phonology
The geometry of visual phonology
Winning body language : control the conversation, command attention, and convey the right message - without saying a word
Nonverbal communication
What the jackdaw saw
Interpersonal skills for travel and tourism
Nonverbal perceptual and cognitive processes in children with language disorders : toward a new framework for clinical intervention
Teacher turn-allocation and repair practices in classroom interaction : a multisemiotic perspective
The techniques of gesture language : [a theory of practice]
Pragmatics and non-verbal communication
The semiotics of French gestures
Fourth International Symposium on Sign Language Research Lappeenranta, Finland, July 15-19, 1987 : advance Programme
Hearing gesture : how our hands help us think
The signs of language
Communication basics for human service professionals
A cultural history of gesture
The unspoken way = Haragei : silence in Japanese business and society
Studies in language and cognition
Horses send out signals continuously about their health, well-being, nutrition and behaviour. The challenge for every horse owner and horse lover is how to interpret these signals and use them. Dutch vets and horse owners Menke Steenbergen and Jan Hulsen have drawn on their expertise and wide experience of horse owners to write Horse Signals: a richly illustrated guide on how to interpret the behaviour, posture and physical characteristics of individual animals and groups. When observing horses it is important not to jump to conclusions immediately, but instead always to ask yourself three questions: What do I see? Why has this happened? What does this mean?
Language in hand : why sign came before speech
The smart girls guide to getting what you want : how to be assertive with wit, style and grace
Gesture and the dynamic dimension of language : essays in honor of David McNeill
The art of pantomime
Body language : how to read others' thoughts by their gestures
Horse signals : look, think, act
Teen talk : the language of adolescents
Theoretical issues in sign language research. Vol. 1, Linguistics
The language of Kathakali : a guide to mudras
What the hands reveal about the brain
Beyond lips : components of speechreading skill
Proceedings of the thirty-fifth annual meeting of the Berkeley Linguistics Society, February 14-16, 2009 : special session on non-speech modalities
Gestures and speech : psychological investigations
The picture book of body language : the only language in which people can't lie
Brilliant body language
Gesture : visible action as utterance
Body language in literature
The definitive book of body language
Theoretical issues in sign language research. Vol. 2, Psychology
Intercultural communication : a reader
The semantics and pragmatics of everyday gestures : proceedings of the Berlin conference April 1998
Social psychology
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed post-proceedings of the International Workshop on Gesture and Sign Languages in Human-Computer Interaction, GW 2001, held in London, UK, in April 2001. The 25 revised full papers and 8 short papers were carefully reviewed and selected for inclusion in the post-proceedings. The papers are organized in topical sections on gesture recognition, recognition of sign languages, nature and notations of sign languages, gesture and sign language synthesis, gestural action and interaction, and applications based on gesture control.
The you code : what your habits say about you
Papers from the eighteenth Finnish Conference of Linguistics
Pointing has captured the interest of scholars from various fields who study communication. However, ideas and findings have been scattered across diverse publications in different disciplines, and opportunities for interdisciplinary exchange have been very limited. The editor's aim is to provide an arena for such exchange by bringing together papers on pointing gestures from disciplines, such as developmental psychology, psycholinguistics, sign-language linguistics, linguistic anthropology, conversational analysis, and primatology. Questions raised by the editors include: Do chimpanzees produce and comprehend pointing gestures in the same way as humans? What are cross-cultural variations of pointing gestures? In what sense are pointing gestures human universal? What is the relationship between the development of pointing and language in children? What linguistic roles do pointing gestures play in signed language? Why do speakers sometimes point to seemingly empty space in front of them during conversation? How do pointing gestures contribute to the unfolding of face-to-face interaction that involves objects in the environment? What are the semiotic processes that relate what is pointed at and what is actually "meant" by the pointing gesture (the relationship between the two are often not as simple as one might think)? Do pointing gestures facilitate the production of accompanying speech?
Nonmanuals in sign language
The secret body language of girls : decoding the far-too-subtle body language of women
Learning to see : teaching American sign language as a second language
Little beauty
How to speak dog : a guide to decoding dog language
The body language phrasebook : 500 ways to read the signs
Body language : a guide for professionals
A universal of human interaction? : manual movement as interactional practice in spoken and signed conversation
Intercultural communication and body language
Our masters' voices : the language and body language of politics
Non-verbal communication
Gestures : the do's and taboos of body language around the world
Gesture and sign language in human-computer interaction : internatinal gesture workshop, GW 2001 London, Uk April 2001
"The way we say the words we say helps us convey our intended meanings. Indeed, the tone of voice we use, the facial expressions and bodily gestures we adopt while we are talking, often add entirely new layers of meaning to those words. How the natural non-verbal properties of utterances interact with linguistic ones is a question that is often largely ignored. This book redresses the balance, providing a unique examination of non-verbal behaviours from a pragmatic perspective. It charts a point of contact between pragmatics, linguistics, philosophy, cognitive science, ethology and psychology, and provides the analytical basis to answer some important questions: How are non-verbal behaviours interpreted? What do they convey? How can they be best accommodated within a theory of utterance interpretation?"--Provided by publisher.
Gesture and sign language in human-computer interaction and embodied communication : 9th international gesture workshop, GW 2011 Athens, Greece, May 25-27, 2011; revised selected papers
Becoming human : from pointing gestures to syntax
As more and more secondary schools and colleges accept American Sign Language (ASL) as a legitimate choice for second language study, Learning to see has become even more vital in guiding instructors on the best way to teach ASL as a second language. And now this groundbreaking book has been updated and revised to reflect the significant gains in recognition that Deaf people and their native language, ASL, have achieved in recent years. Learning to see lays solid groundwork for teaching and studying ASL by outlining the structure of this unique visual language. Myths and misconceptions about ASL are laid to rest at the same time that fascinating, multifaceted elements of Deaf culture are described. Students will be able to study ASL and gain a thorough understanding of the culture it represents, which will help them to grasp the language more easily. An explanation of the linguistic basis of ASL follows, leading into the specific, and above all, practical information on teaching techniques. This practical manual systematically presents the steps necessary to design a curriculum fo teaching ASL, including the special features necessary for training interpreters. The new Learning to see again takes its place at the forefront of texts on teaching ASL as a second language, and it will prove to be indispensable to educators and administrators in this special discipline.
The body language handbook : how to read everyone's hidden thoughts and intentions
A study of the technique of Abhinaya in relation to Sanskrit Drama
Communication between cultures
A dictionary of Russian gesture
Communication @ work : ethical, effective and expressive communication in the workplace
Communicate!
Pointing : where language, culture, and cognition meet
The cultural dimension of global business
Language acquisition by eye
Deaf American literature : from carnival to the canon
The blossom method : the revolutionary way to communicate with your baby from birth
The nonverbal advantage : secrets and science of body language at work
Body language : what you need to know
The Indian sign language
Visual selling : capture the eye and the customer will follow
Sign with your baby : how to communicate with infants before they can speak
Nonverbal behavior in interpersonal relations
The relation between gestures and semantic processes : a study of normal language development and specific impairment in children
Nonverbal communication and translation : new perspectives and challenges in literature, interpretation and the media
Kinesics and context : essays on body motion communication
Toddler talk : the first signs of intelligent life
Gesturecraft : the manu-facture of meaning
How do today's teenagers talk? What are the distinguishing features of their style of language, and what do they tell us about the English language more generally? Drawing on a huge corpus of examples collected over a fifteen-year period, Sali A. Tagliamonte undertakes a detailed study of adolescents' language and argues that it acts as a "bellwether" for the future of the English language. Teenagers are often accused of "lowering the standards" of the English language by the way they talk and text. From spoken words - "like," "so," "just," and "stuff" - to abbreviated expressions used online, this fascinating book puts young people's language under the microscope, examining and demystifying the origins of new words, and tracking how they vary according to gender, geographical location, and social circumstances. Highly topical and full of new insights, the book is essential reading for anyone interested in how teenagers talk.
Theoretical issues in sign language research. Volume 2, Psychology
