http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p683 Ancient Greek language
Ancient Greek language
Formular economy in Homer : the poetics of the breaches
Asine II : results of the excavations east of the Acropolis 1970-1974. Fasc. 2, The Middle Helladic cemetery, the Middle Helladic and Early Mycenean deposits
The Knossos tablets
The Late Bronze Age daggers of the Aegean I : the Greek mainland
A lexicon of the Homeric dialect
A lexicon : abridged from Liddell and Scott's Greek-English lexicon
The Rosetta Stone
An introduction to the composition and analysis of Greek prose
"Why learn to write in a dead language? Because a really good understanding of a language can only be attained by using it actively. Unlike earlier textbooks aimed at schoolboys, this work addresses modern adults who want to understand concepts fully as they learn. Drawing on recent scholarship where appropriate and assuming no prior background except some reading knowledge of Greek, the course combines a structured review of paradigms and vocabulary with clear and comprehensive explanations of the rules of Greek syntax. Large numbers of exercises are provided, both with and without key: a complete set of cumulative exercises and another set of non-cumulative exercises for those who prefer to dip into specific sections. The exercises include, as well as English sentences and paragraphs for translation, Greek sentences and passages for translation, analysis, and manipulation. A full English-Greek vocabulary and list of principal parts are included"--
Kephallénia : Archaeology and history : the ancient Greek cities, Vol. 2
Costume of ancient Greece
Performances and audiences in Pindar's Sicilian victory odes
Knossos : unearthing a legend
Studies in Aegean decorative art : antecedents and sources of the Mycenaean ceramic decoration
Cartonnage papyrin in context : New ptolemaic documents from Ab−u Ṣ−ir al-Malaq
Greece : an Oxford archaeological guide
Ancient poetic etymology : the Pelopids: fathers and sons
The volume contains an edition of c. 1,300 ostraca excavated in Abu Mina, Egypt, under the directorship of Peter Grossmann. Most of these ostraca comprise a partially surviving record of the pickings of grapes and of wine deliveries in the first half of the seventh century AD, before the Arab conquest in 642. Also, a small number contains some Christian texts, writings on pots or flasks, designs and writing exercises. They provide information on the community, the economical and agricultural activities, the prosopography and onomastics of this pilgrimage centre. This volume will be of interest to Greek papyrologists and to ancient historians.
Historical commentary on Herodotus, book 6
Liddell and Scott's Greek-English lexicon : abridged
The Sayings Gospel Q was composed in the central decades of the first century CE by Galilean villagers who had acquired knowledge of Greek mostly through their involvement with the public administration. The present book analyzes the text of Q in order to rediscover the terminological and ideological traces of the activity of these sub-elite scribes in the Sayings Gospel. Given the bureaucratic positions occupied by the members of this group, the peculiar use of the phrase Basileia tou theou carries a specific significance for its theological political implications. On the basis of Giorgio Agamben's recent revision of the category of political theology, the attitude of Q on divine kingship is understood as an instance of sub-elite negotiation of social and political positions vis-à-vis the expansion of Roman imperial hegemony in the eastern Mediterranean. In this context the author(s) of Q envisage apocalyptic scenarios in which divine kingship replaces human rulers and native sub-elite bureaucrats can share in the exercise of cosmic government.
Learning Greek with Plato : a beginner's course in Classical Greek, based on Plato, Meno 70a1 - 81e6
Sophocles and the Greek language : aspects of diction, syntax and pragmatics
Derivation : Greek and Roman views on word formation
The colon hypothesis : word order, discourse segmentation and discourse coherence in ancient Greek
The Villanovan, Etruscan, and Hellenistic collections in the Detroit Institute of Arts
Handbook of Greek pottery : a guide for amateurs
The Acrocorinth
Macedonia : history, monuments, museums
Aarteenetsijät : kohteena antiikin Kreikka : National Geographic = Glories of ancient Aegean
Prehistoric Thessaly
A commentary on Pindar Olympian nine
Ancient Mycenae : the capital city of Agamemnon
Cartonnage papyri in context : new Ptolemaic documents from Ab−u Ṣ−ir al-Malaq
Bronze Age population fluctuations in the Argolid from the evidence of Mycenaean tombs : by Maureen Joan Alden
The phonemic system of the Attic dialect, 400-340 B.C
Mycenaean civilization : Mycenae, Tiryns, Asine, Midea, Pylos
The Kingdom of Pergamum emerged from the great period of instability which followed the death of Alexander the Great. Over the next century Pergamum was to become one of the wealthiest states in the eastern Mediterranean. The state of Pergamum was incorporated into the Roman Empire between 133/129 BCE and it eventually became Rome's wealthiest province. The whole of Asia Minor suffered in the civil wars which ended the Roman Republic, and Pergamum did not escape the exactions demanded of the Greek cities by Pompey, Caesar and Antony. In the subsequent peace, ushered in by Augustus, Pergamum regained its prosperity and became one of the cultural centres of the Roman Empire. Its ruling dynasty - the Attalids - were patrons of the arts and while in power were responsible for the remarkable embellishment of their capital at Pergamum. Other more ancient cities such as Ephesus and Miletus also benefited from their government. This volume surveys Pergamum's history from the late Third Century BCE to the Second Century CE.
The history of Minoan pottery
Greek pins and their connexions with Europe and Asia
A history of Pergamum : beyond Hellenistic kingship
Tithemy : the tablets and nodules in Linear B from Tiryns, Thebes and Mycenae
The Greek language
Samothrace : excavations conducted by the Institute of Fine Arts of New York University. Vol. 11, The Nekropoleis : the Nekropoleis and catalogues of Burials, catalogues of objects by categories
The Knossos labyrinth : a new view of the 'Palace of Minos' at Knossos
Reflections from the dead : the metal finds from the Pantanello Necropolis at Metaponto : a comprehensive study of grave goods from the 5th to the 3rd centuries B.C
Philosophy and comedy : Aristophanes, logos, and eros
The Palace of Nestor at Pylos in western Messenia. Vol. 3, Acropolis and lower town : Tholoi, grave circle, and chamber tombs; discoveries outside the citadel
The old Greek translation of Zechariac
The ruins of the most beautiful monuments of Greece
Texts, tablets and scribes : studies in Mycenaean epigraphy and economy offered to Emmett L. Bennett, Jr
THE ATLAS OF ARCHAEOLOGY
Exodus : a commentary on the Greek text of Codex Vaticanus
A Greek-English lexicon : with a supplement
Greek geometric pottery : a survey of ten local styles and their chronology
Valerius Flaccus, Argonautica, book I : a commentary
A methodological study of grave gifts as sex-indicators in Iron Age burials from Athens
Greek Ostraca from Abu Mina : (O.AbuMina)
Kephallénia : Archaeology and history : the ancient Greek cities, Vol. 1
The Mycenaeans
Politics of orality
The secret of Crete
The Spartans
A companion to the ancient Greek language
An introduction to New Testament Greek : a quick course in the reading of Koiné Greek
Thermē kai phōs : aphierōmatikos tomos stē mnēmē tou A.-Ph. Christidēs = Licht und wärme : in memory of A.-F. Christidis
The Brill dictionary of ancient Greek
Kingdom of bureaucracy : the political theology of village scribes in the Sayings Gospel Q
Chalkis Aitolias. 1, The prehistoric periods
The seven wonders of the ancient world
Gunnar Magnus Eidsvåg, University of Stavanger, Norway. The Old Greek translation of Zechariah has not received much scholarly attention even though it contains several well known passages. Questions concerning its origin and character as a translation have yet to be dealt with in a comprehensive manner. The present monograph aims to bridge this gap by offering new methodological perspectives. The Old Greek Translation of Zechariah attempts to answer questions concerning the outlook of the translation, and what faction of the Jewish society was interested in translating this book into Greek. It argues that the translator had pro-Hasmonean sympathies.
The archaeology of Greece : an introduction
Prolegomena to a study of the Greek language in the first centuries A. D. : the problem of koiné and atticism
Queen Elizabeth's englishings of Boethius, Plutarch and Horace
Basics of Biblical Greek : vocabulary
Greek and Roman jewellery
The search for Alexander : an exhibition (at the) National gallery of art, Washington, (November 16, 1980-September 7. 1981) ..
Kourotrophos : cults and representations of the Greek nursing deities
The funerary landscape at Knossos : a diachronic study of Minoan burial customs with special reference to the warrior graves
Etymological dictionary of Greek
Ancient Greek accentuation : synchronic patterns, frequency effects and prehistory
Delphi and its history
Lefkandi IV : the Bronze Age, the late Helladic IIIC settlement at Xeropolis
A lexicon of Greek personal names. Vol. 2, Attica
Submycenaean studies : examination of finds from mainland Greece with a chapter on Attic protogeometric graves
Antiquities acquired : the spoliation of Greece
Defining the art of grammar : ancient perceptions of γραμματική and grammatica
Pre-classical chronology in Greece and Italy
Bacchae
The trajectory of archaic Greek trimeters
A companion to Greek rhetoric
