http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6837 gestures
gestures
In Nonverbal Messages, Paul Ekman reveals the motivations and the serendipity that led to his many remarkable accomplishments—mapping the vocabulary of gestures, providing a tool for measuring facial expressions, and proving the evidence of their universality.
Interaction with eyes-free and gestural interfaces
Nonverbal expression of emotion in family assessment context
Learn to speak mafia : a Boxtree phrasebook
Body Language : how to read other's thoughts  by their gesture
From the writings of Keith Bain, Michael Campbell has collated a step-by-step course for students and teachers on the principles and practice of Australia's great teacher of Movement. In simple language he lays out the secrets of self-knowledge that lie behind understanding the body and mind. 'Movement', says Bain, 'is both how we move and what moves us, Movement is the look in our eyes, the tensions and the tone in our muscles, our breathing, our thinking, our longings and fears. Movement has equal concern for the inner and outer aspects, with each clarifying the other.
Integrating gestures : the interdisciplinary nature of gesture
Theories of human communication
The power of body language : how to succeed in every business and and social encounter
Collins gem body language
Gestural expressions in use for unveiling dynamic experience attributed to verbs
Essays on risk management, risk assessment, and asymmetric information in the financial service industry
Microaggressions and marginality : manifestation, dynamics, and impact
Language and gesture
Finnish summary.
Andrea de Jorio's La mimica degli antichi investigata nel gestire napoletano ('Gestural Expression of the Ancients in the light of Neapolitan gesturing'), was first published in Naples in 1832. It soon became famous for its descriptions and depictions of Neapolitan gestures, but it is only with the recent expansion of scholarly interest in gesture that its true importance has come to be recognized. It is the first book ever written which presents what is, in effect, an ethnographic study of gesture. Treating gesture as a culturally established communicative code, analogous to language, the book sets out to describe, with reference to an explicitly defined cultural group, the gestural expressions of ordinary people as these are used in everyday life. It also deals with numerous issues important for any semiotics of gesture, such as the question of the relationship between physical form and meaning, the problem of how to present a description of the gestural repertoire of a community in a consistent manner, the importance of context for the interpretation of gesture, how gestures may be combined, how they develop as metaphorical expressions, among many others.
The expression of the emotions in man and animals
The body language of liars : from little white lies to pathological deception : how to see through the fibs, frauds, and falsehoods people tell you every day
Gestures of despair in medieval and early Renaissance art
The book of tells : how to read people's minds from their actions
Understanding body language
The minor gesture
Gesture and thought
The social baby
The language of gestures
Nonverbal communication
The body for beginners
Research on language and social interaction : special issue : gesture and understanding in social interaction
Football clichés : a speculative effort, from distance, to translate the curious language of football
Gestures of ethical life : reading Hölderlin's question of measure after Heidegger
The international dictionary of sign language
Becoming beside ourselves : the alphabet, ghosts, and distributed human being
What does your body language say about you?  From strangers on the street, to your closest friends and family - even if you're not speaking, you're saying a lot with your body.  Body Language explores the way we use our bodies to communicate, the way we hold ourselves, the way we sit, stand, and point our hands, feet and eyes can all reveal how we are feeling in any given situation. This book explores the body language we use in a wide-range of business and personal-life scenarios, from delivering a presentation at work to how you should act on a first date!  Packed with images to clearly demonstrate each of the scenarios discussed, Body Language will help you understand the way others around you choose to communicate and also what you are saying with your own body. These valuable skills will improve your day to day communication, helping you to judge situations and understand how others around you are feeling.  Use Body Language to:   Harness the power of your own body language  Communicate confidently to all of those around you  Dip in and out of useful scenarios to find the best advice for you  Understand people's hidden emotions and learn what you are hiding yourself  Tackle those important life events, such as interviews, first dates, important meetings and more!
Bip in a book
Hand gestures in joke telling : a cross-cultural study with Finnish and Sicilian subjects
The hand, an organ of the mind : what the manual tells the mental
Gestures and acclamations in ancient Rome
Business negotiation : a practical workbook
Hearing gesture : how our hands help us think
The Cistercian sign language : a study in non-verbal communication
Successful nonverbal communication : principles and applications
In this wide-ranging and probing book Erin Manning extends her previous inquiries into the politics of movement to the concept of the minor gesture. The minor gesture, although it may pass almost unperceived, transforms the field of relations. More than a chance variation, less than a volition, it requires rethinking common assumptions about human agency and political action. To embrace the minor gesture's power to fashion relations, its capacity to open new modes of experience and manners of expression, is to challenge the ways in which the neurotypical image of the human devalues alternative ways of being moved by and moving through the world - in particular what Manning terms "autistic perception." Drawing on Deleuze and Guattari's schizoanalysis and Whitehead's speculative pragmatism, Manning's far-reaching analyses range from fashion to depression to the writings of autistics, in each case affirming the neurodiversity of the minor and the alternative politics it gestures toward.
Baby signs : how to talk with your baby before your baby can talk
Body language secrets
Awareness-independent encoding of angry faces : evolved mechanism of social anxiety?
A cultural history of gesture
Hearing gestures : vocalisations as embodied projections of intentionality in designing non-speech sounds for communicative functions
The human animal : a personal view of the human species
The pantomime book : the only known collection of pantomime jokes and sketches in captivity
The nonverbal communication reader : classic and contemporary readings
The original edition of Emotion in the Human Face, published in 1972, was the first volume to evaluate and integrate all the research on facial expression of emotion since Darwin's The Expression of Emotions in Man and Animals was published in 1872. It presented a detailed, critical discussion of research involving the face and emotion, focusing on the complex conceptual and methodological issues involved, and settling many past controversies, such as whether the face provides accurate information about emotion, and whether some facial expressions are universal. In the second edition, published in 1982, Ekman expanded, reorganized, annotated, and cross-referenced the contents of the first edition, bringing the review of basic research up to date and charting the new developments in the field. This third edition includes a new Preface, three additional chapters, and a new conclusion summarizing Ekman's final views on the field that he played a large part in creating.
Kinesics and context : essays on body-motion communication
Nonverbal messages : cracking the code my life's pursuit : looking behind the curtain on how a scientist made his discoveries
Language in hand : why sign came before speech
Horses send out signals continuously about their health, well-being, nutrition and behaviour. The challenge for every horse owner and horse lover is how to interpret these signals and use them. Dutch vets and horse owners Menke Steenbergen and Jan Hulsen have drawn on their expertise and wide experience of horse owners to write Horse Signals: a richly illustrated guide on how to interpret the behaviour, posture and physical characteristics of individual animals and groups. When observing horses it is important not to jump to conclusions immediately, but instead always to ask yourself three questions: What do I see? Why has this happened? What does this mean?
Gestures and attitudes : an exposition of the Delsarte philosophy of expression
Mime time : 45 complete routines for everyone
Gesture and the dynamic dimension of language : essays in honor of David McNeill
Jacques Lecoq was one of the most inspirational theatre teachers of our age. The International Theatre School he founded in Paris remains an unrivalled centre for the art of physical theatre. In The Moving Body, Lecoq shares his unique philosophy of performance, improvisation, masks, movement and gesture which together form one of the greatest influences on contemporary theatre. Neutral mask, character mask, and counter masks, bouffons, acrobatics and commedia, clowns and complicity: all the famous Lecoq techniques are covered here - techniques that have made their way into the work of former collaborators and students inluding Dario Fo, Julie Taymor, Ariane Mnouchkine, Yasmina Reza and Theatre de Complicite.
COGNITION & COGNITIVE PSYCHOLOGY. Human faces are unique biological structures which convey a complex variety of important social messages. Even strangers can tell things from our faces - our feelings, our locus of attention, something of what we are saying, our age, sex and ethnic group, whether they find us attractive. In recent years there has been genuine progress in understanding how our brains derive all these different messages from faces and what can happen when one or other of the structures involved is damaged. Face Perception provides an up-to-date, integrative summary by two authors who have helped develop and shape the field over the past 30 years. It encompasses topics as diverse as the visual information our brains can exploit when we look at faces, whether prejudicial attitudes can affect how we see faces, and how people with neurodevelopmental disorders see faces.
Performance style and gesture in western theatre
A cultural history of gesture : from antiquity to the present day
Poetry of gestures : symbolic hand gestures in North Indian Kathak dance
Children's gestures from 18 to 30 months
The art of pantomime
Nonverbal behavior : perspectives, applications, intercultural insights
The body language bible : the hidden meaning behind people's gestures and expressions
Acting for life : a textbook on acting
Body language : how to read others' thoughts by their gestures
Unmasking the social engineer : the human element of security
Experience, variation and generalization : learning a first language
This volume offers a comprehensive overview of the field of nonverbal behaviour from a multidisciplinary and international perspective. It examines current applications of nonverbal behaviour in teaching, counselling and therapy, in addition to looking at the intercultural implications. Included is an extensive bibliography of books published on this subject over the last 100 years.
When body language goes bad
Horse signals : look, think, act
Body, language and meaning in conflict situations : a semiotic analysis of gesture-word mismatches in Israeli-Jewish and Arab discourse
Body language : learn how to read others and communicate with confidence
Flirting for dummies
Musical gestures : sound, movement, and meaning
Interacting with objects : language, materiality, and social activity
From sign to signing : iconicity in language and literature. 3
Employee body language revealed : how to predict behavior in the workplace by reading and understanding body language
Achievement of intersubjectivity in airline cockpit interaction
A cultural history of gesture / with an introduction by Keith Thomas ; edited by Jan Bremmer and Herman Roodenburg
Metaphor and gesture
Gestures and speech : psychological investigations
Self-expression
Hostility and aggression towards marginalized groups have taken a new form—microaggressions. Microaggressions are often unconsciously delivered as subtle snubs or dismissive looks, gestures, and tones. This edited book discusses the manifestation, psychological dynamics, and impact of microaggressions on not only the well–being of marginalized groups, but on their role in creating disparities in education, employment, and health care. Covering every major racial/ethnic group as well as gender, sexual orientation, disability, religion, and class, students and mental health researchers will benefit from this book's cutting–edge contributions.
Gestures : essays in ancient history, literature, and philosophy presented to Alan L. Boegehold on the occasion of his retirement and his seventy-fifth birthday
The nature and functions of gesture in children's communication
Body language : how to know what's REALLY being said
Nonverbal communication : readings with commentary
The definitive book of body language
Nonverbal communication : survey, theory, and research
The oral style
Elements of meaning in gesture
The semantics and pragmatics of everyday gestures : proceedings of the Berlin conference April 1998
Handbook of emotion elicitation and assessment
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed post-proceedings of the International Workshop on Gesture and Sign Languages in Human-Computer Interaction, GW 2001, held in London, UK, in April 2001. The 25 revised full papers and 8 short papers were carefully reviewed and selected for inclusion in the post-proceedings. The papers are organized in topical sections on gesture recognition, recognition of sign languages, nature and notations of sign languages, gesture and sign language synthesis, gestural action and interaction, and applications based on gesture control.
Objects are essential for how, together, people create and experience social life and relate to the physical environment around them. Interacting with Objects: Language, materiality, and social activity presents studies which use video recordings of real-life settings to explore how objects feature in social interaction and activity. The studies consider many objects (e.g. paper documents, food, a camera, art, furniture, and even the human body), across various situations, such as shopping, visiting the doctor, interviews and meetings, surgery, and instruction in dance, craft, or cooking. Analyses reveal in precise detail how, as people interact, objects are seen, touched and handled, heard, created, transformed, planned, imagined, shared, discussed, or appreciated. With the companion collection Multiactivity in Social Interaction: Beyond multitasking, the book advances understanding of the complex organisation and accomplishment of social interaction, especially the significance of embodiment, materiality, participation and temporality. By focussing on objects in and for actual occasions of human action, Interacting with Objects: Language, materiality, and social activity will interest many researchers and practitioners in language and social interaction, communication and discourse, design, and also more widely within anthropology, sociology, psychology, and related disciplines.
Nonverbal means as regulators in communication : sociocultural perspectives
The you code : what your habits say about you
Do you see what I mean? : Plains Indian sign talk and the embodiment of action
Nonmanuals in sign language
The secret body language of girls : decoding the far-too-subtle body language of women
The meaning of movement : developmental and clinical perspectives of the Kestenberg movement profile
Emotion in the human face
The moving body : teaching creative theatre
Language within language : immediacy, a channel in verbal communication
Body language : the signals you don't know you're sending, and how to master them..
Fundamentals of nonverbal behavior
Gesture in Naples and gesture in classical antiquity : a translation of La mimica degli antichi investigata nel gestire napoletano, Gestural expression of the ancients in the light of Neapolitan gesturing
Japanese gestures : modern manifestations of a classic culture
Body language : how to know what's really being said
Communicative development in Swedish children 8-16 months old : the Swedish early communicative development inventory - words and gestures
Nonverbal communication in human interaction
Gesture and multimodal development
The body language phrasebook : 500 ways to read the signs
Body language : a guide for professionals
Human facial expression : an evolutionary view
Intercultural communication and body language
Experiences in interpersonal communication
Body language
Gestures : the do's and taboos of body language around the world
Nonverbal communication in depression
When a gesture was expected : a selection of examples from archaic and classical Greek literature
Gesture and sign language in human-computer interaction : internatinal gesture workshop, GW 2001 London, Uk April 2001
Gesture and sign language in human-computer interaction and embodied communication : 9th international gesture workshop, GW 2011 Athens, Greece, May 25-27, 2011; revised selected papers
Becoming human : from pointing gestures to syntax
Bodytalk : a world guide to gestures
The body language handbook : how to read everyone's hidden thoughts and intentions
Expressive gestures in piano performance
Sterne's whimsical theatres of language : orality, gesture, literacy
The application of motion capture to embodied music cognition research
Hesitations and gestures in conference presentations
Human territories : How we behave in spacetime
Gesture in medieval drama and art
Gestures within Human-Technology Choreographies for Interaction Design
Body language for management in a week
The UFO controller : gestural music performance
The primacy of movement
Anglo-Saxon gestures and the Roman stage
Wii-bändi : designing an expressive digital musical interface for therapeutic use with disabled people in a group setting
The blossom method : the revolutionary way to communicate with your baby from birth
The principles of movement
Body language : what you need to know
Nonverbal behavior in interpersonal relations
The social context of nonverbal behavior
The Shanghai gesture
Gesturecraft : the manu-facture of meaning
