http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p684 Greek language
Greek language
International standard. 843, Information and documentation - conversion of Greek characters into latin characters : Information et documentation - conversion des caractères grecs en caractères latins
Reading Greek : Text
Speak Greek with confidence
The study of Greek inscriptions
A reverse index of patristic Greek
A few remarks on spondē, fallos and other extra payments in papyri
Modern Greek for foreigners
A Greek-English lexicon. Volume I : A-K
Etymological lexicon of classical Greek = Etyma graeca
A patristic Greek lexicon
A lexicon of the Homeric dialect
Collins easy learning Greek : audio course
A list of Greek verse inscriptions down to 400 B.C. : an analytical survey
Dialogue form in Greek verse inscriptions with some non-inscriptional parallels
Modern Greek : the complete course I. Part A
The vocabulary of the Greek testament : illustrated from the papyri and others non-literary sources
Diakonoi in the Greek-speaking world until 1st c. CE
Greek : phrasebook & dictionary
The use of physis in fifth-century Greek literature
The handbook illustrates 94 Greek literary papyrus texts from Egypt and Herculaneum and documents the different types of scripts used in copying works of Greek literature, from the earliest surviving bookrolls written in the 4th century BC up to the first century AD. The aim is twofold: (1) to establish their relative (and, wherever possible, absolute) chronological sequence, and (2) to distinguish and characterize their stylistic features. Specimens of different types of scripts ("hands") that appear stylistically related have been grouped together. In their joint introduction, the authors summarize the main results of their investigation and attempt to identify the social and cultural factors that have determined the development of different types of Greek literary scripts during the Hellenistic and Augustan era. The book also contains a comprehensive bibliography and indices.
Greek in a click
Paul's apostleship and the concept of diakonia in 2 Corinthians
Selections from the Greek papyri
New Testament Greek : a beginning and intermediate grammar
English-Modern Greek and Modern Greek-English dictionary including English and Greek grammar geographical and proper names and abbreviations
An Alexandrian erotic fragment and other Greek papyri chiefly Ptolemaic
Speak Greek today : improve your conversation & enjoy your holiday
The original aim of this book was to provide an updated reprint of J.P. Postgate's Short Guide to the Accentuation of Ancient Greek (1924). It has developed considerably during the preparation, still including what was most useful in Postgate but now incorporating much additional material and information based on the very latest scholarship. It is intended for those who have already learned some Greek but who wish to acquaint themselves with the workings of the accent system, either for the first time or by way of revision. An introductory part outlines clearly the evidence for our knowledge of Greek accentuation and quotes some of our ancient sources for the sound of the accent. The remainder of the book is designed to facilitate the learning of the accents themselves. Exercises are included throughout.
Prolegomena to a study of the Greek language in the first centuries A. D. : the problem of koiné and atticism
A list of Greek verse inscriptions, c. 400-300 B.C. : with addenda et corrigenda to CEG (LGVI 2)
All the Greek verbs = (Tutti i verbi greci)
Light from ancient letters
Negatives and noun phrases in classical greek : an investigation based on the Corpus Platonicum
New Testament Greek papyri and parchments : new editions
GREEK CD PACK
The Greek language
Ancient languages of the Balkans
The acquisition of Greek case, number, and gender : a usage-based approach
Basics of biblical Greek : vocabulary cards
Studies on intensification in early and classical Greek
The culture of Athens
A reverse index of Greek nouns and adjectives : arranged by terminations with brief historical introductions
The prehistory of the Greek language
Towards a theory of aspectual nesting for new testament Greek
A Greek-English lexicon. Volume II : L-O with addenda and corrigenda
Language contact and lexical borrowing in the Greek Cypriot dialect : sociolinguistic and cultural implications
Lampas : a new approach to Greek
The Athenian Empire
A new short guide to the accentuation of ancient Greek
An introduction to Greek epigraphy of the Hellenistic and Roman periods from Alexander the Great down to the reign of Constantine (323 B. C. - A. D. 337)
Modern Greek : the complete course II. Part A
Greek historical inscriptions 359-323 B. C.
Modern Greek : the complete course II. Part B
Colloquial Greek : the complete course for beginners
An intermediate Greek-English lexicon : founded upon the 7th edition of Liddell and Scott's Greek-English lexicon
Advanced Greek unseens
No abstract
Fast Greek in a day : "now you're talking!"
Notes on abbreviations in Greek manuscripts
Location-list of the Oxyrhynchus papyri and of other Greek papyri published by the Egypt Exploration Society
The Antinoopolis papyri
Adnominal possession and ditransitives
A lexicon : abridged from Liddell and Scott's Greek-English lexicon
Penguin-Hellenews anglo-hellenikon lexicon : [based on The Penguin English dictionary compiled by G.N. Garmonsway with Jacqueline Simpson]
Greek New Testament : SBL edition
The urban mind : cultural and environmental dynamics
The formula for the grant of enktesis in Attic inscriptions. Jan Pečirka
When dead tongues speak : teaching beginning Greek and Latin
Greek Phrasebook : with 3500-word two-way dictionary
An index to the Griechische Vers-Inschriften : (ed. W. Peek, Berlin 1955)
NEW TESTAMENT GREEK : AN INTRODUCTORY GRAMMAR
Reverse-lexicon of Greek proper-names = Rückläufiges Wörterbuch der griechischen Eigennamen
An independent study guide to reading Greek
A modern Greek reader for beginners
A patristic Greek lexikon
Hellenistic bookhands
Collins Greek dictionary
A glossary of Greek birds
A brief introduction to the CHILDES project with special reference to Greek : CHAT transcription, linkage, grammatical coding and CLAN analysis
A Greek papyrus reader with vocabulary
Greek shorthand manuals : syllabary and commentary
Greek conversation
A grammar of modern Greek on a phonetic basis
An Introduction to Greek Epigraphy is a practical handbook for the beginner who is faced with the task of reading and interpreting Greek inscriptions from the Hellenistic and Roman periods. Part 1 deals with general matters such as letter forms, ancient names, and ancient calendars, knowledge of which is indispensable in the reading of inscriptions of all kinds. Part 2 begins with a discussion of the classification of inscriptions, followed by analysis of particular types of inscriptions such as decrees, honorary inscriptions, dedications, funerary inscriptions, and manumission inscriptions. Finally, Part 3 covers special topics that bear upon the interpretation of specific features of inscriptions, such as Greek and Roman administrative titles and functions.
Handbook of New Testament Greek : an inductive approach based on the Greek text of Acts
Secondary Formations from Greek Loanwords in Syriac
Ancient languages of the Balkans. 2, Indices
Epigrammata : Greek inscriptions in verse from the beginnings to the Persian wars
Jews and God-fearers at Aphrodisias : Greek inscriptions with commentary : texts from the excavations at Aphrodisias conducted by Kenan T. Erim
Teach yourself Greek
Greek travel pack
Two Greek documents on bronze : (IG XIV 954; IG XIV 955 = IGUR 4)
Modern Greek : the complete course I. Part B
Medieval and modern Greek
The Tebtunis papyri. 4
Constantinople in the early eighth century : the Parastaseis syntomoi chronikai : introduction, translation and commentary
Greek phrase book : based on the writings of Thucydides, Xenophon, Demosthenes, Plato
The language of Hesiod in its traditional context
Greek thorough reading
Biblical Greek
English-Modern Greek and Modern Greek-English dictionary : including English and Greek grammar, geographical and proper names, and abbreviations
