http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6844 municipal employees
municipal employees
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers and laborers
Making connections in practice teaching : a student unit perspective on social work education and community work
Diaconia barometer 2016 : findings in brief
Brand engagement : how employees make or break brands
Improving performance of construction projects in the UAE : multi cultural and decent work perspectives
How can employees be managed during times of organisational change : a study in managing and avoiding resistance
The aged and their new ways of life
Sosioekonominen asema -luokitus : ammattiasemaluokitus = Klassificering av socioekonomisk ställning = Classification of socio-economic status
Immigrants as clients : adaptation of Finnish municipal employees to increasingly multicultural working environments : the case of Siikajoki
Wives of steel : voices of women from the Sparrows Point steelmaking communities
Abstract (1 s.).
An introduction to local government activities, administration and finance in Finland
Work, self and society : after industrialism
Cyber-proletariat : global labour in the digital vortex
Implementing codes of conduct : how businesses manage social performance in global supply chains
Economics of wage differentials and public sector labour markets
In search of a metropolitan welfare state
Improving Performance of Construction Projects
in the UAE:multi cultural and decent work perspectives
"Once they accept a job, most Americans have little control over their work environments. In Worker Participation, John Pencavel examines some of those rare workplaces where employees both own and manage the companies they work for: the plywood cooperatives and forest worker cooperatives of the Pacific Northwest. Rather than relying on abstract theories, Pencavel reviews the actual experiences of these two groups of worker co-ops. He focuses on how worker-owned companies perform when compared to more traditional firms, including whether companies operate more efficiently when workers determine how they are run. He also looks at the long-term viability of these enterprises and why they are so unusual."--Cover.
Strategy for biotechnology and genetic engineering in agriculture
A kiss and a promise
Pain among employees : risk factors and consequences
The skills of helping individuals, families, groups, and communities
Business ethics
Economic restructuring and social exclusion
The Blackwell companion to social work
Case studies in business, society and ethics
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Managing knowledge work
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers, and laborers
Partners in enterprise : the worker ownership phenomenon
Universities and engagement : international perspectives on higher education and lifelong learning
Experience of early exit : a comparative study of the reasons for and consequences of early retirement in Finland and Denmark in 1999-2000
Employee benefits : a primer for human resource professionals
Downsize this!
Solidarity and the Soviet worker : the impact of the Polish events of 1980 on Soviet internal politics
Who says the left wing doesn't have a sense of humor? Maybe it doesn't, but documentarian Michael Moore sure does--Exhibit A was Roger & Me; B was the ill-fated TV Nation; & C is 1997's print skirmish Downsize This! Moore's politics are rabidly liberal, populist & anti-big business--about what you'd expect from the former editor of Mother Jones. While this restricts his audience to Americans on the left side of the aisle, for them Downsize This! will be a chance to point & laugh hysterically (if ruefully) at the clique of rich white guys who run everything. Moore is at his best as a prankster, whether it's trying to see if Pat Buchanan will take a campaign donation from the John Wayne Gacy Fan Club (yes) or whether he can have Bob Dornan committed to an insane asylum based on his bizarre behavior (no, but it was close). Moore is one of our sharpest satirists, & Downsize This! makes one wish he would write a "Sorry State of the Union" every year. But only if it doesn't cut into his moviemaking--that's too big a price to pay.--Michael Gerber
Allocation of rehabilitation measures provided by the Social Insurance Institution of Finland and its efects on work disability among local government employees.
Philosophy in youth and community work
Global productions : labor in the making of the "information society"
Community practice : theories and skills for social workers
The sense of life control and thoughts of early retirement
The motive to care about others : actualization of the public sector
Developing successful worker co-operatives
America's working man : work, home, and politics among blue-collar property owners
Care work in crisis : reclaiming the Nordic ethos of care
Abstract:
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to communtiy based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
Social work and received ideas
Dubai : gilded cage
Prospects for workers' co-operatives in Europe. Volume 3, Country reports - second series: Belgium, France, Federal Republic of Germany, Italy
Forest industry on the map of Finland
How the Employees of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland Regard Infidelity? : An Attitude Survey in the Dioceses of Espoo and Lapua
The usher's manual : a spiritual and practical guidebook
Team spirituality : a guide for staff and church
Worker cooperatives in theory and practice
Balancing work and caregiving for children, adults, and elders
The history of the Municipal Employees Union in Victoria, 1885-1985
The third dimension of changes during FOB succession : psychological change
Values at Work : employee participation meets market pressure at Mondragon
"Drawing on 80 in-depth interviews with three groups of parents (mostly women) who vary in their experiences of job insecurity, Pugh explores how people adapt to the new American landscape of uncertainty and insecurity--some with cool acceptance, others with denial or pragmatism, and still others with astounding altruism and over-commitment. She observes that many workers today adopt what she calls the "one-way honor system." Faced with perpetual insecurity both at work and at home, Pugh finds that people defensively construct stronger and thicker walls between the two, expecting little or nothing from their jobs and placing nearly all of their expectations for enduring and fulfilling connections on their intimate relationships. This trend, she argues, often has the effect of making individuals' intimate lives, in which some invest so much in an effort to countervail the insecurity of work, in fact more fraught, reproducing the very "tumbleweed" dynamics they seek to check. By examining how we adapt ourselves, and prepare our children, for a new environment of uncertainty, Pugh gives us a finely detailed rendering of what "commitment" now means and how we still try to find it"--
Public relations : the profession and the practice
Worker participation : lessons from the worker co-ops of the Pacific Northwest
Age management as a factor for competitiveness and profitability : the case of the PWD technical services of the city of Helsinki
Community work skills manual
The wealth of nations
FinnAge - Respect for the aging : action programme to promote health, work ability and well-being of aging workers in 1990-96
Corporate social responsibility : case: Mango Hollding S.L
Workers : an archaeology of the industrial age
New forms of ownership : management and employment
Ethics and the conduct of business
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
Work ability as a determinant of old age disability severity: evidence from the 28-year Finnish Longitudinal Study on Municipal Employees
Is there an election cycle in public employment? : separating time effects from election year effects
Immigrant workers and class structure in Western Europe
Public Services International : report of activities
Care, gender and justice
Expertise and decision making among clinicians in investigations of alleged child sexual abuse
Work and non-work : on work and meaning
Training for transformation : a handbook for community workers. Book III
The tumbleweed society : working and caring in an age of insecurity
Workplace social capital and employee health
Reduced working hours : reshaping the duration, timing and tempo of work
Social intelligence as a prerequisite of indirect aggression : some manifestations and concomitants of covert forms of aggression
Temporary employment and health
International handbook of participation in organizations : for the study of organizational democracy, co-operation, and self-management. Vol. 2, Ownership and participation
Social workers’ interpretations of generalist social work in rural areas
Are small-town personnel more satisfied than personnel in big cities?  : a regional view of job satisfaction
A lady cyclist's guide to Kashgar
This book examines how technology facilitates growing polarisation between wealthy elites and precarious workers. Nick Dyer-Witheford reveals the class domination behind everything from expanding online surveillance to intensifying robotisation. At the same time, he explores the possibilities that information technology offers within radical movements, recasting contemporary struggles in the blue glow of the computer screen.
Summary (s. 337-359).
"We live in a tumbleweed society, where job insecurity is rampant and widely seen as inevitable. Companies are transforming the way they organize work. While new working conditions offer gains for some workers, others lose out. Home life offers little respite: while diverse types of families are more accepted than ever before, stability is increasingly lacking in our intimate lives. In The Tumbleweed Society, sociologist Allison Pugh examines the ways we navigate questions of commitment and flexibility at work and at home in a society where insecurity has become the norm. Drawing on 80 in-depth interviews with three groups of parents who vary in their experiences of job insecurity and family structure, Pugh explores how people are adapting to the new culture of insecurity and how these adaptations themselves affect what we can expect from each other. Faced with perpetual insecurity both at work and at home, people construct stronger walls between the two, expecting little or nothing from their jobs and placing nearly all of their expectations for fulfilling connections on their intimate relationships. This trend, Pugh argues, often has the effect of making intimate lives even more fraught, reproducing the very tumbleweed dynamics they seek to check. Pugh shows that our experiences of insecurity shape the way we talk about obligations, how we interpret them as commitments we will or will not shoulder, how we conceive of what we owe each other--indeed, how we are able to weave the fabric of our connected lives"--
