http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6845 pine marten
pine marten
Skull-damaging helminths in mustelids in Fennoscania
Pine marten (Martes martes) selection of resting and denning sites in Scandinavian managed forests
Otters : Ecology and conservation
Wildlife populations in Finland during 1990-1995, based on wildlife triangle data
Pine marten - red fox interactions: a case of intraguild predation?
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 6, Symposia on lagomorphs, beaver, bear, wolf and mustelids
Nutrition and behavior of uncommon species
Summary: Data of 31 wolverine dens found in Finnish Lapland since the Second World War were received from hunters. The first newly born cubs were found in late January and early February.
Walker's carnivores of the world
Summary: Two cases of leg anomalies confined to the fore-legs in wolverine cubs are reported. The anomalies are described in detail, and the possible causes of these malformations are discussed. Genetic factors are considered to afford the most likely explanation.
Pine marten home ranges, numbers and predation on vertebrates in a deciduous forest (Bia£owieza National Park, Poland)
Common frogs, Rana temporaria L., in the winter diet of the pine marten, Martes martes L., from the standpoint of their attempts to winter terrestially
BSAVA manual of exotic pets : a foundation manual
Breeding biology of the wolverine (Gulo gulo L.) in Finland
Embryo technology in the farmed European polecat (Mustela putorius)
Mineralogical studies from the early Proterozoic and Archean ultramafic rocks from eastern Finland, emphasis on chromite as a petrogenetic indicator
Women & weasels : mythologies of birth in ancient Greece and Rome
Predation risk shaping individual behaviour, life histories and species interactions in small mammals
Phew, Sidney! : the sweetest-smelling skunk in the world!
Colour variation in the marten (Martes martes)
30 years observations on population dynamics of red squirrel, flying squirrel, chipmunk, red and bank voles and mustelids by trapping on sites of the Pechoro-Ylychsky zapovednik
Quaternary evolution of the genus Martes (Carnivora, Mustelidae)
Late winter social activity in pine marten (Martes martes) - false heat or dispersal?
Badgerlands : the twilight world of Britain's most enigmatic animal
Reproductive biology and embryo technology in Mustelidae
Ultimate wildlife. 3, The raccoon family, the weasel and skunk families, the civet and genet families, the mongoose family
Excursion targets of the Kellojärvi ultramafic complex in the Ensilä  (Ronkaperä) area
Mammals of the Soviet Union. Vol. 2, P. 1b, Carnivora (Weasels. Additional species)
Interactions between small mustelids and voles in Fennoscandia
Two cases of perodactylus in the same litter of the wolverine (Gulo gulo L.)
Diagnostics and epidemiology of Aleutian mink disease virus
Behaviour, dynamics and ecological impact of small mustelids
Regulation of cyclic small mammal populations by avian and mammalian predation
Excursion to the Kuhmo Greenstone Belt
Ferrets! : for today's pet owner
Marine mammals of California
Small mustelids and breeding suppression of cyclic microtines: adaptation or general sensitivity?
Ferret husbandry, medicine and surgery
