http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6842 Protestant Churches
Protestant Churches
Blessed assuarance : a history of evangelicalism in America
Japan's post-war protestant churches
Protestantism and politics in Korea
The complete guide to Christian denominations
Sacred space in early modern Europe
Fuzhou Protestants and the making of modern China 1857-1927
Improving the Christian community : agents and objects of control in early modern church visitations
Fifty years achievement : from 1906-1956 : a period in history of the church of God in Christ
The lost soul of American Protestantism
The remnant spirit : conservative reform in mainline Protestantism
The religion of Protestants : the Church in English society 1559-1625
Ecumenical dialogue at Harvard : the Roman-Catholic-Protestant colloquium
Protestant missions and local encounters in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries : unto the ends of the world
A survey of the history of the Reformation in Poland and Lithuania
The end of protestant western mission : The World Mission Conference in Bangkok in 1972-1973
Conserving or changing? : the theology and politics of Norhtern Irish fundamentalist and evangelical protestants after the good friday agreement
Protestant worship music, its history and practice
Toward an evangelical missiology of humanitarian aid ministry
American evangelical Christianity : an introduction
Voices & visions : 65 years of the United Church of Canada
A dictionary of Protestant church music
The making of modern German christology : from enlightenment to Pannenberg
The Moravian brethren and Himalayan cultures : evangelisation, society, industry
Minutes of proceedings : third Plenary Congress of the International Council of Christian Churches, Philadelphia U.S.A., August 3-12, 1954.
The black church in the African American experience
Growing true disciples
Protestant Churches and the making of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
Spirits of Protestantism : medicine, healing, and liberal Christianity
Bonhoeffer and Continental thought : cruciform philosophy
The discipling of a nation
Dialog zwischen der Europäischen Baptistischen Föderation (EBF) und der Gemeinschaft Evangelischer Kirchen in Europa (GEKE) zur Lehre und Praxis der Taufe = Dialogue between the Community of Protestant Churches in Europe (CPCE) and the European Baptist Federation (EBF) on the doctrine and practice of baptism
Religion in the megacity : Catholic and Protestant portraits from Latin America
The idea of human rights: traditions and presence : proceedings of an international conference held in Prague Feb. 20-23, 2003
Protestant and Roman Catholic ethics : prospects for rapprochement
A history of christian churches in Korea
A house divided : Protestantism, schism, and secularization
Konsultation zwischen der Konferenz Europäischer Kirchen (KEK) und der Leuenberger Kirchengemeinschaft (LKG) zur Frage der Ekklesiologie : Bericht über die Konsultation : Referate und Schlusskommuniqué = Consultation between the Conference of European Churches (CEC) and the Leuenberg Church Fellowship (LCF) on ecclesiology : report on the consultation : papers and final communiqué : Orthodox Academy Crete 28.11.1.12.2002
Dialogues with the Evangelical Free Church of Finland and the Finnish Pentecostal Movement
Includes Bericht der Gesamttagung des Protestantischen Weltverbandes, and Internationaler Verbandes für Innere Mission und Diakonie
Coming home : why Protestant clergy are becoming Orthodox
Formulas for the distribution of Holy Communion in the reformed agendas of 16th-17th century Poland and Lithuania compared with other protestant liturgies of the same period
The covenant of redemption (pactum salutis), the eternal intra-trinitarian covenant, was a common staple within Early Modern Reformed theology, yet there are very few historical works that examine this doctrine. J. V. Fesko's study, The Covenant of Redemption: Origins, Development, and Reception, seeks to address this lacuna. In the contemporary period the covenant of redemption has been derided as speculative, mythological, a declension from trinitarianism, or erroneously derived from one or two biblical proof-texts. Yet seldom have critics carefully engaged the primary sources to examine the different formulations, supporting exegesis, and ways in which the doctrine was employed. Far from speculation, sub-trinitarian, or a cold business transaction, proponents of the covenant of redemption constructed this doctrine based upon a web of interconnected biblical texts and were very sensitive to maintaining a robust doctrine of the trinity, as they employed this doctrine as a bulwark against the anti-trinitarian claims of Socinian theologians. Proponents of the doctrine also saw this pre-temporal covenant as the embodiment of intra-trinitarian love that overflows unto those chosen in Christ for their salvation and ultimate fellowship with the triune God.J ohn V. Fesko explores the historical origins of the doctrine and then surveys its development in the seventeenth- through nineteenth-centuries, examining key advocates of the doctrine including, David Dickson, Herman Witsius, Johannes Cocceius, Francis Turretin, Patrick Gillespie, John Gill, Jonathan Edwards, Charles Hodge, and A. A. Hodge. He then examines the contemporary reception of the doctrine in the twentieth century with a survey of the doctrine's critics, including Karl Barth, Herman Hoeksema, Klaas Schilder, and John Murray. After exploring the claims of the critics, the study moves to examine the views of twentieth-century proponents, including Geerhardus Vos, Herman Bavinck, Abraham Kuyper, Louis Berkhof, and G. C. Berkouwer.
A history of pastoral care in America : from salvation to self-realization
The Catholic priesthood and the English Reformation
To China with love : the lives and times of Protestant missionaries in China 1860-1900
Five years of Hungarian Protestantism 1945-1950
The search for church union in East Africa
The gospel people of Latin America
Who shall lead them? : the future of ministry in America
The history of Protestant missions in Korea 1832-1910
Calvinism : a history
The Protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism : the Talcott Parsons translation interpretations
Musiques de la Réforme, (1) = Music for the refromed church
In this book Melanie Ross presents a current description of evangelical worship, bringing together liturgical scholarship and theological scholarship on American evangelicalism. She draws on historical analysis, systematic theology, and the worship life of two vibrant congregations to argue that the common ground shared by evangelical and liturgical churches is much more important than the differences that divide them. --From publisher's description.
"Over the last twenty years, incredible changes have taken place in the Presbyterian Church of Brazil. In 1959, on the occasion of its centennial celebrations, this church was acclaimed as the outstanding success story of Protestantism in Latin America; it was hailed for its vitality and for the role it seemed destined to play in the life of that nation. Today, after fifteen years of domination by a small group of reactionary leaders, it has been decimated. The word 'Presbyterian' now calls to mind the destructiveness of religious fanaticism and repression. In 'Protestantism and Repression' Rubem Alves wrestles with the questions, Why did all this happen? What is there in the structure and logic of what he calls 'Right-Doctrine Protestantism,' that leads to repression under certain historical conditions? His analysis is thorough; his insights, profound; his conclusions, astonishing. I urge you to read this book: whether you fear that our religious institutions are moving toward repression, or are convinced that it can't happen here." -- Richard Shaull, from the Foreword -- "An outstanding and internationally recognized Third World theologian, Rubem Alves has in 'Protestantism and Repression' moved from the devastating analysis of the consumer society articulated in 'A Theology of Human Hope' and 'Tomorrow's Child' to a partly autobiographical critique of the Presbyterian Church of Brazil, a church in which his roots are deeply imbedded. Alves rigorously documents the transformation of Presbyterianism in Brazil from a liberating force to a bulwark of oppression and repression; and he convincingly establishes as the cause of this deterioration what he calls 'the spirit of the Right-Doctrine Protestantism,' a socially conditioned neofundamentalism that arrogates to itself absolute knowledge and absolute power. As Richard Shaull stresses in an excellent and most informative Foreword, what has happened in Brazil could happen to North American Protestantism. But the lesson is not only for Protestants. The basic issues as defined by Alves are equally pertinent for Roman Catholics both in Latin America and in the Unites States." --Gary MacEoin
The transforming gospel : the mission of François Coillard and Basuto evangelists in Barotseland
Protestant worship music : its history and practice
Dialogue on the frontier : Catholic and Protestant relations, 1793-1883
Church and denominational growth
Why conservative churches are growing : a study in sociology of religion with a new preface for the Rose edition
Protestantism and Repression : A Brazilian Case Study
The Ovambo sermon : a study of the preaching of the Evangelical Lutheran Ovambo-Kavango Church in South West Africa
Protestant language, Christian problems, and religious realism
In search of the Via media between Christ and Marx : a study of Bishop Ding Guangxun's
The gay gospels : good new for LGBT people
Profession: minister
Maailman uskonnot : Religions of the world. 3, Protestanttinen kristinusko = Protestant Christianity
Introduction
Singing the Lord's song in a strange land : hymnody in the history of North American Protestantism
Changing lives through preaching and worship : 30 strategies for powerful communication
Diversities of gifts : field studies in southern religion
"This briskly told history of Reformed Protestantism takes these churches through their entire 500-year history--from sixteenth-century Zurich and Geneva to modern locations as far flung as Seoul and São Paulo. D. G. Hart explores specifically the social and political developments that enabled Calvinism to establish a global presence. Hart's approach features significant episodes in the institutional history of Calvinism that are responsible for its contemporary profile. He traces the political and religious circumstances that first created space for Reformed churches in Europe and later contributed to Calvinism's expansion around the world. He discusses the effects of the American and French Revolutions on ecclesiastical establishments as well as nineteenth- and twentieth-century communions, particularly in Scotland, the Netherlands, the United States, and Germany, that directly challenged church dependence on the state. Raising important questions about secularization, religious freedom, privatization of faith, and the place of religion in public life, this book will appeal not only to readers with interests in the history of religion but also in the role of religion in political and social life today"--
The Meissen declaration and its implementation
Protestantism in Guatemala : living in the New Jerusalem
The Westminster pulpit : the preaching of G. Campbell Morgan
Evangelical versus liturgical? : defying a dichotomy
Singing in conservative protestant congregations
Visible unity and the ministry of oversight : the Second Theological Conference held under the Meissen Agreement between the Church of England and the Evangelical Church in Germany
Antwerp in the age of Reformation : underground Protestantism in a commercial metropolis, 1550-1577
British protestant missions
The covenant of redemption : origins, development, and reception
The teachings of modern Protestantism on law, politics, and human nature
Spontaneous combustion : grass roots Christianity, Latin American style
The great tradition of the American churches
Take me to the water : Immersion baptism in vintage music and photography 1890-1950
Protestant church music : a history
The Protestant clergy of early modern Europe
Churches in partnership for strenthening and growth : papers from the Partnership consultation held at the University of Warwick, 10-12 July 1993
American Protestant ethics and the legacy of H. Richard Niebuhr
Religion in the American South : Protestants and others in history and culture
America, religions, and religion
For the soul of the people : protestant protest against Hitler
Ireland : Christianity discredited or pilgrim's progress?
Christian Unity : the Anglican position : Olaus Petri Lectures at Upsala University October, 1946
Spiritual folk singing : Nordic and Baltic protestant traditions
Rethinking Protestantism in Latin America
The lion and the lamb : evangelicals and Catholics in America
Growth in understanding : a study guide on Church Union
Reinventing American protestantism : Christianity in the new millennium
The Protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism
Is Latin America turning Protestant? : the politics of evangelical growth
