http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6848 forgeries
forgeries
The art collector's illustrated handbook : how to tell authentic antiques from fakes. Vol. 2, [Silver, bronze, other metals, prints, books, clock, walking sticks, stones, gemstones, amber, enamel, dolls, fans, musical instruments]
The art of forgery : the minds, motives and methods of master forgers
Why fakes matter : essays on problems of authenticity
A monetary economy with counterfeiting
Theft : a love story
Hot property : the stealing of ideas in an age of globalization
The house of forgery in eighteenth-century Britain
Forged Egyptian antiquities
Corporate combat against intellectual property infringements : when intellectual property rights fail to suffice
Overhauling the U.S. currency : a reform decades overdue
The art collector's illustrated handbook : how to tell authentic antiques from fakes. Vol. 3, [Excavated art : Europe, Asia, America : Asian and African art]
The forger's spell : a true story of Vermeer, nazis, and the greatest art hoax of the twentieth century
The counterfeit madam : a Gil Cunningham murder mystery
The art forger's handbook / Eric Hebborn
Art forgeries : IIC Nordic Group 16th congress, 4 - 7th June 2003, Reykjavik, Iceland : Preprints
Controversy on the Clyde : archaeologists, fakes and forgers : the excavation of Dumbuck Crannog
World forgery catalogue : a reference list of stamp forgery descriptions
Finland : reference manual of forgeries. Volume 1
Shanzhai products in everyday life : ethnographic fieldwork in China
The Wilkomirski affair : a study in biographical truth
The art of the forger
Swindled : from poison sweets to counterfeit coffee : the dark history of the food cheats
Piltdown man : the secret life of Charles Dawson & the world's greatest archaeological hoax
Genuine and false : copies, imitations, forgeries / Hans Tietze
The Atina dossier of Peter the Deacon of Monte Cassino : a hagiographical romance of the twelfth century
Deception and detection in eighteenth-century Britain
Art forgeries : IIC Nordic Group 16th Congress : 4 - 7th June 2003, Reykjavik, Iceland :  preprints / [compilers: Jannie Amsgaard Ebsen ... [et al.]]
Relics, apocalypse, and the deceits of history : Ademar of Chabannes, 989-1034
Trigger mortis : a James Bond novel
Why fakes matter : essays on problems of authenticity / edited by Mark Jones
A nation of counterfeiters : capitalists, con men, and the making of the United States
Classical deception : counterfeits, forgeries and reproductions of ancient coins
Plagiarism, copyright violation, and other thefts of intellectual property : an annotated bibliography with a lengthy introduction
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion
Mark's other gospel : rethinking Morton Smith's controversial discovery
Conference on authenticity in relation to the World Heritage convention : preparatory workshop : Bergen, Norway, 31 January - 2 February 1994 : workshop proceedings
Suomen postimerkkien väärenteitä = Forgeries of finnish postage stamps
Forgery and counterforgery : the use of literary deceit in early Christian polemics
A comprehensive study of early Christian pseudepigrapha. Ehrman argues that ancient critics-- pagan, Jewish, and Christian-- understood false authorial claims to be a form of literary deceit, and thus forgeries. Ehrman considers the extent of the phenomenon, assesses the criteria ancient critics applied to expose forgeries and the techniques forgers used to avoid detection. Shining light on an important but overlooked feature of the early Christian world, Ehrman explores the possible motivations of the deceivers who produced these writings, situating their practice within ancient Christian discourses on lying and deceit.
The lie that wouldn't die : the Protocols of the elders of Zion
Mimesis and empire : the New World, Islam, and European identities
Scientific investigation of copies, fakes and forgeries / Paul Craddock
Finland : reference manual of forgeries. Volume 3
Authenticicty in art : the scientific detection of forgery
Faking it : art and the politics of forgery / Ian Haywood
The collector's cabinet : tales, facts & fictions from the world of antiques
Genuine or fake? (Forgeries of paintings by Albert Edelfelt) = Äkta eller falska?
The gentle art of faking furniture
The non-existent manuscript : a study of the Protocols of the sages of Zion
Modern forgeries of Greek and Roman coins
Chatterton
Fake Factor: Why We Love Brands But Buy Fakes
Van Meegeren's Vermeers : the connoisseur's eye and the forger's art / Friso Lammertse ... [et. al]
The secret Gospel of Mark unveiled : imagined rituals of sex, death, and madness in a biblical forgery
The eye of the connoisseur : authenticating paintings by Rembrandt and his contemporaries / Anna Tummers
The art forger : a novel
The scarith of Scornello : a tale of Renaissance forgery
The judgement of experts : essays and documents about the investigation of the forging of The oath of a freeman
The fatal touch : an Alec Blume novel
Forging history : the detection of fake letters & documents
Art forgery : the history of a modern obsession
Nara Conference on Authenticity : in relation to the World Heritage Convention : proceedings = Conference de Nara sur l'authenticité dans le cadre de la Convention du Patrimoine Mondial : compte-rendu : Nara, Japan = Japon, 1-6 November = Novembre 1994
The making of medieval forgeries : false documents in fifteenth-century England
The forger's art : forgery and the philosophy of art
The science of paintings
Detecting forgery : forensic investigation of documents
The Piltdown inquest
Fake? : the art of deception / edited by Mark Jones with Paul Craddock and Nicolas Barker
Fractals for the classroom. Pt. 1, Introduction to fractals and chaos
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 2
Antique Trader guide to fakes & reproductions : authentic or fake? : can yoy make the right choice?
Turin shroud : how Leonardo Da Vinci fooled history
History of the book : Translation : History of ideas : Paul et Virginie : Varia
"In FORGED New York Times bestselling author, Bart Ehrman, reveals another hidden scandal of the Bible. For centuries, scholars have known that not all of the books in the New Testament are authentic while the general public has been blissfully unaware. The books of the New Testament are widely assumed to be written accounts of Jesus's life by those who knew him best. However, if the Gospels and letters were not written by memebers of Jesus's inner circle--but by later writers with differing agendas in rival communitites--then the authority of the Bible collapses. Based on new, original research, Ehrman takes the reader on a journey to the ancient world and the forgery battles that raged throughout the Roman Empire. The popular myth is that "writing in the name of another" was a common, accepted practice in antiquity. Not so argues Ehrman. Forgery was as scandalous then as it is now. And yet, at a time when all documents and letters where copied by hand and circulated freely with little or no authorial control, identifying who actually penned a piece of writing-be it political, historical, or religious-was fraught with uncertainty. FORGED exposes the forged letters written in the name of Jesus's disciples for the expressed purpose of gaining acceptance in the early church...which is exactly what happened and why we have the Bible we read today"--
Knockoff : the deadly trade in counterfeit goods : the true story of the world's fastest growing crime wave
False impressions : the hunt for big-time art fakes
Forged : writing in the name of God : why the Bible's authors are not who we think they are
Dunhuang manuscript forgeries / edited by Susan Whitfield
Scientific investigation of copies, fakes and forgeries
Theories on the scrap heap : scientists and philosophers on the falsification, rejection, and replacement of theories
Who has the burden to police for counterfeit merchandise? : Tiffany v. eBay, Inc
The Gospel hoax : Morton Smith's invention of Secret Mark
The fake : forgery and its place in art / Sándor Radnóti ; translated by Ervin Dunai
Technical art history in practice : case studies of the identification of forged painting carried out at the conservation department of the Finnish National Gallery / Tuulikki Kilpinen
John Payne Collier : scholarship and forgery in the nineteenth century
Council of Europe Convention on the counterfeiting of medical products and similar crimes involving threats to public health : Moscow, 28.X.2011 = Convention du Conseil de l'Europe sur la contrefaçon des produits médicaux et les infractions similaires menaçant la santé publique
Indigo slam : an Elvis Cole novel
The accident
Fakes : forgery and the art world / Alice Beckett
Explores the prevalence of art forgery in the Middle Ages, when the issue of false relics and miracles often arose. This title examines the work and attitude of modern master forgers including Eric Hebborn, Thomas Keating and Han van Meegeren, whose productions baffled the art world during their time.
Antiquites : trade or betrayed, legal, ethical and conservation issues
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 3
Lorenzo Valla (1407-1457) was the leading theorist of the Renaissance humanist movement and the author of major works on Latin style, scholastic logic, and other topics. In On the Donation of Constantine he uses new philological methods to attack the authenticity of the most important document justifying the papacy's claims to temporal rule, in a brilliant analysis that is often seen as marking the beginning of modern textual criticism. Widely translated throughout Europe during the Reformation, the work was placed on the Church's Index of Prohibited Books. This volume provides a new translation with introduction and notes by G. W. Bowersock, commissioned for the I Tatti Renaissance Library, along with a translation of the Donation of Constantine document itself.
The tragedy of Arthur : a novel
Fake ? the art of deception
Reference manual of forgeries : Finland. Volume 1
Counterfeit medicines containing wrong active pharmaceutical ingredients
The culture of the copy : striking likenesses, unreasonable facsimiles
I was Vermeer : the forger who swindled the Nazis / Frank Wynne
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 1
Authentication in the visual arts : a multi-disciplinary symposium, Amsterdam, 12th March 1977
Photo fakery : the history and techniques of photographic deception and manipulation
Donation of Constantine and Constitutum Constantini : the misinterpretation of a fiction and its original meaning
Bulletin on counterfeits
Faking the ancient Andes
Reference manual of forgeries : Finland. Volume 3
The Kensington runestone : approaching a research question holistically
The antiques magpie : a compendium of absorbing history, stories and facts from the world of antiques
Great books and book collectors
Masterpiece of deception : an art mystery / by Judy Lester
Liars, Inc
Finland : reference manual of forgeries. Volume 2
Dürer : through other eyes : his graphic work mirrored in copies and forgeries of three centuries : an exhibition prepared by students in the Williams College-Clark Art Institute graduate program in art history, March 14 to June 15, 1975
Fakes : a handbook for collectors and students / by Otto Kurz
Turner's painting techniques in context 1995
Report from Iron Mountain on the possibility and desirability of peace
On the donation of Constantine
Reference manual of forgeries : Finland. Volume 2
Manufacturing a past for the present : forgery and authenticity in medievalist texts and objects in nineteenth-century Europe
Lindum Colonia : being the episodic memoirs of Masus Manilianus, a Roman
The art forger's handbook
How to lie with maps
Counterfeit Products in International Business
Selling Hitler : the story of the Hitler diaries
Genuine or fake? : problems of authenticity in glass from Murano
Fakes and frauds : varieties of deception in print & manuscript
Fakes : forgery and the art world
