http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6858 sports travel
sports travel
Surf tourism and its social impacts : case Krui village, Indonesia
Sport, recreation and tourism event management : theoretical and practical dimensions
Researching leisure, sport and tourism : the essential guide
Festivals and events : culture and identity in leisure, sport and tourism
Traveller and fan identities of the Finnish football fans
Well-being in tourism and recreation : book of abstracts
Tomorrow's tourist : scenarios & trends
Providing accessible visitor attractions
Adventure tourism
Creative tourism : a global conversation
Finnish dive tourism : Finnish scuba divers' opinions on diving activities in Finland and abroad
Sporting events and event tourism : impacts, plans and opportunities
Resorts : management and operation
Selling or telling? : Paradoxes in tourism, culture and heritage : ATLAS reflections 2008
Taking tourism to the limits : issues, concepts, and managerial perspectives
Sport tourism destinations : issues, opportunities and analysis
Heritage, sport and tourism : sporting pasts - tourist futures
The marketing research on potential outbound tourists in Shanghai to travel in the Kuopio region
Sport tourism
The Scandinavian sporting tour : a case study in geographical imagology
Sport and nature : a selected bibliography 1986-1992
Adventure tourism : the new frontier
Sport tourism : interrelationship, impacts and issues
Management in sport and tourism = Menedz̆ment u sportu i turizmu
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
Current issues of youth sport camp : a case study from the 2008 Piispala ice hockey camp
International tourism : the great turning point : texts and documents. Vol. 3
Event management : an international journal
Types of tourism : sex tourism, agritourism, space tourism, medical tourism, whale watching, bicycle touring, grand tour, child sex tourism, sustainable tourism, couchsurfing, female sex tourism, booze cruise, lgbt tourism, staycation, cultural tourism
Accommodation and travelling  in Finland for disabled persons 2001
Reorganized in a four-part format, Contemporary Sport Management, Fourth Edition, begins with an overview of the field and important historical aspects of the industry. Next, the attributes of an effective and professional sport manager and the relevance of managerial and leadership concepts applied to sport management are discussed. In the second part, readers learn about the major settings in which sport management professionals work today, including professional and amateur sport management sites, sport management agencies, and sport tourism venues. The third part offers information on key functional areas of sport management, such as sport marketing, sport communication, finance and economics in sport, and sport facility and event management. In the final part, readers examine current challenges in the profession, such as issues related to consumer behavior, law, sociology, globalization, and the importance of continuing sport management research.
The man who cycled the Americas
This thesis was carried out in cooperation with the Finnish Divers' Federation. The research problem was to find out Finnish scuba divers' opinions on diving activities in Finland and abroad. The objective was to get up-to-date research-based information on potential dive tourists' needs and expectations, enabling the development of dive tourism to coincide with the research results. The theoretical part of this research was made regarding both Finnish and foreign studies relating to dive tourism, literature relating to sports tourism and producing tourism services as well as statistics on Finnish leisure travel. Quantitative research was chosen as the research method for this study. An online questionnaire was sent by e-mail to 4033 members of the Finnish Divers' Federation. The questionnaire was also published on the web pages of the Federation and Snorkkeli.net. 642 answers were accepted to form the empirical data. The questionnaire was created and the data analyzed with Webropol software. One of the essential outcomes of this research was that the Finnish divers form a very heterogeneous group. Diving has increased its popularity, especially among women, families with children, senior citizens and physically disabled people. According to this research, instead of commercial dive operators Finns prefer the services of dive associations for their inexpensive prices and the sense of community. Finns make many self-planned dive holidays, but they also use travel operators' package deals when more convenient. Finns are very price-quality conscious customers whose destination choices are guided by recommendations from familiar divers, Internet forums and companies' web pages. They demand plenty from their dive operator: expertise, reliability, dive safety and green values that prevent the deterioration of the dive sites. The domestic destination favourites were the Archipelago Sea, Åland Island and Hanko; foreign favourites were Norway, Egypt, Mexico, Indonesia, Thailand and Australia. The research demonstrated that the supply of dive holidays as it is now does not meet the demand. Dive operators should offer their services in the future with more economical prices and to more destinations; they should also take into consideration the needs of different groups of clients. However, the future of dive holidays is looking good. As more people take up diving, more dive destinations are discovered, dive operators get specialized and services get better. As our world keeps globalizing and technology keeps developing, new possibilities, new experiences and exoticness will become available for scuba divers.
Happy Helsinki : city for kids : outing ideas for families
Sport and tourism : globalization, mobility and identity
Scuba diving tourism
Golf is considered to be the world's fastest growing segment of lucrative holiday with higher revenue generated per traveller than other holiday tourists.  While Finland has 107 golf courses, golf in Finland has not been widely used to attract greater number of Japanese travellers.  Number of Japanese overnights in Finland increased rapidly in late 1990's with successful introduction of winter products in Lapland.  While the winter products continues to be popular, summer products are limited, resulting short average length of stay in southern Finland.  Therefore, wider range of summer products needs to be available for consumers to choose from to increase targeted annual growth of 10% overnights for the next several years.  As one of the new products, golf package is proposed.  The method used in this thesis is desk study and interviews.  Desk study includes studying marketing theories and collecting secondary sources to prepare arguments for new products, as well as assembling the packages.  Because this is a project based thesis, surveys did not take place.  Instead, interviews with professionals in the Finnish tourism industry were conducted to understand current trend and environments.  The product part for this project is a power point presentation on marketing strategy  plan proposal on golf in Finland, based on theories and information available.  The proposal is a proto type, and can be modified depending the audience's businesses.   The main purpose of this project is to introduce new summer travel products in Finland to Japanese consumers.
Global sport sponsorship
Tourist experience : contemporary perspectives
Organizer's decision-making process during sport event tourism management in Finland : a case study of Finlandia Marathon 2007 in Jyväskylä
Sport Tourism : Development and promotions of Finnish cricket
Attracting foreigners to the ski center "Mustavaara"
Ecotourism and sustainable tourism : new perspectives and studies
Tourism : an introduction
Contemporary sport management
Sports tourism : participants, policy and providers
Sport & tourism : 1st World Conference, Barcelona, Spain, 22-23 February 2001.
Urban planning and sustainable tourism development : case barrier free tourism in Porvoo
Snowshoeing : [from novice to master]
Your holiday on skis: Polar Ounasvaara. A Lapp resort. - Rukahovi - a hotel in the midst of the wilds
Tourism and sport : aspects of development
Sport and adventure tourism
Fundamentals of planning and developing tourism
Summary.
Sport tourism development
Sports tourism
THE IMPACTS OF EVENT TOURISM ON HOST COMMUNITIES   : Case: the City of Pietarsaari
Top treks of the world
Sport tourism : concepts and theories
Responsible nature tourism : proceedings of the Conference at Koli National Park, Finland, 3.-4. February 2000
Improving information on accessible tourism for disabled people
Tourism, progress and peace
Event management  : for tourism, cultural, business and sporting events
Nautical tourism : concepts and issues
Event management : for tourism, cultural, business, and sporting events
Sport Tourism and Destination Marketing. Case: Innsbruck and Lahti
The purpose of current thesis was to find different ways to attract foreigners to the ski center Mustavaara. The thesis is based on the qualitative research method. For achieving the objectives a marketing plan was planning, which includes environmental scanning and analysis, analyzing consumer and business market, qualitative market research, marketing plan objectives, growth strategy: the market penetration and the product development, and comparative market analysis. For getting reliable and accurate information two different interviews was hold. Via the Internet the first interview was hold and the ski center Kasurila was interviewed. By face to face the second interview was conducted in the ski center Mustavaara. Questions were asked for a group of five regular Russian visitors. A qualitative research method has been used. As a results, variety of methods were found to attract foreign customers, however, only 5 the most effective and less expensive methods was chosen to attract customers. The list includes the improvement the interface of main web page of the ski center, a creation new activities and building new routes, a creation the appreciate customers program, improvement of a promotion system through brochures, magazines, billboards, and making the ski center as a place for tourist tours.
Sports event impact research process : best practices and challenges according to experienced researchers
Not a lazy holiday : winter vacationers' satisfaction with Pajulahti Sports Institute
Travel services for the physically disabled customers
Accommodation and travelling in Finland for disabled persons 2000.
The business of adventure : developing a business in adventure tourism
Top ski resorts of the world
Impact of the Olympic Games upon the Touristic Sector of a Region
Network brand management : study of competencies of place branding ski destinations
Leisure management : issues and applications
The Importance of being lazy : in praise of play, leisure, and vacations
Journal of sport & tourism
Northern Lapland this is where the adventure begins!
Golf tourism
Travel fit & healthy
International sport events : impacts, experience and identities
Travel behavior and motivators of the finnish ice hockey league fans
Finland as a golf destination for Japanese travellers
Sport & tourism : a reader
Providing accessible accommodation for all
The long tail of tourism : holiday niches and their impact on mainstream tourism
Sport and Tourism: Globalization, Mobility and Identity marks a new era in sport tourism texts. Written by global experts whose previous collaborations have been integral to the development of the field, the book applies key social science concepts and issues relevant to the academic study of sport and tourism. This is a ground-breaking text, which: Critically explores the wider manifestations of sport-related tourism and mobility, Addresses key themes such as globalization, mobility and identity, Explores the unique interrelationship that exists in a sport tourism context between activity, people and place, Includes case studies written by a range of leading scholars from around the world.Set to be the an essential text for any student or academic in the field, Sport and Tourism: Globalization, mobility and identity cements and advances previous studies by building upon existing literature, while extending the field by exploring avenues of study that are yet to be comprehensively addressed. The latest collaboration by internationally renowned authors applies new theoretical perspectives for the advancement of sport tourism.
Torkildsen's sport and leisure management
Ageing and outdoor mobility : a European study
The New Zealand adventure guide
