http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p686 patriarchs
patriarchs
Patriarchy and purdah : structural and systemic violence against women in Bangladesh
Jacob : unexpected patriarch
Southern portals of Byzantium : a concise political, historical and demographic survey of the Greek Orthodox patriarchates of Antioch and Jerusalem
Traditions about the early life of Abraham
Between sex and power : family in the world, 1900-2000
On earth as in heaven : ecological vision and initiatives of Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew
Hebrew origins : historiography, history, faith of ancient Israel
Reading the Bible today in the land of Bible : pastoral letter
Inheriting Abraham : the legacy of the patriarch in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam
Lives of eminent Russian prelates: I. Nikon, sixth Patriarch of Moscow, II. Saint Demetrius, Metropolitan of Rostoff, III: Michael, Metropolitan of Novgorod and Saint Petersburg
The patriarch and the tsar. Vol. 3, History of the condemnation of the Patriarch Nicon by a Plenary Council of the Orthodox Catholic Eastern Church, held at Moscow a.d. 1666-1667
Saint Photios, Patriarch of Constantinople : the St. Photios shrine lectures. Vol. 1
The state of the Pentateuch : a comparison of the approaches of M. Noth and E. Blum
The patriarch and the tsar. Vol. 1, 1, The replies of the humble Nicon, by the mercy of God Patriarch, against the questions of the Boyar Simeon Streshneff and the answers of the Metropolitan of Gaza, Paisius Ligarides
The messenger of the Lord in early Jewish interpretations of Genesis
The promise to the Patriarchs
Perspectives on our Father Abraham : essays in honor of Marvin R. Wilson
The Byzantine Patriarchate 451-1204
Rewriting and interpreting the Hebrew Bible : the biblical patriarchs in the light of the Dead Sea Scrolls
Emperors, patriarchs, and sultans of Constantinople, 1373-1513 : an anonymous Greek chronicle of the sixteenth century
Fozu yinrong = Teachings of Tsao Chi. 3, Fozu dao ying = The images of buddhas and the patriarchs
Abraham in history and tradition
The limits of patriarchy : how female networks of pilfering and gossip sparked the first debates on rural gender rights in the 19th-century Finnish-language press
The Eastern schism : a study of the papacy and the Eastern churches during the XIth and XIIth centuries
From peasant to patriarch : account of the birth, uprising, and life of His Holiness Nikon, Patriarch of Moscow and all Russia
In the world, yet not of the world : social and global initiatives of Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew
The patriarch Nicephorus of Constantinople
The Living and active word of God : studies in honor of Samuel J. Schultz
Cosmic grace + humble prayer : the ecological vision of the green patriarch Bartholomew
The witness of Bartholomew I : Ecumenical Patriarch
In this volume several theologians from different Christian traditions examine how Bartholomew I as Ecumenical Patriarch has influenced the contemporary European scene, the various dialogues between Orthodox churches and Reformed and Roman Catholic churches, the ongoing work of the World Council of Churches, and the modern ecumenical movement. These essays, largely from non-Orthodox authors, paint a portrait of the Ecumenical Patriarch that has been often overlooked in Western circles -- as a deeply Orthodox leader who wishes to relate Orthodoxy to the modern world and to have it make its contribution to the unity of Christians.
Judah and Tamar (Genesis 38) in ancient Jewish exegesis : studies in literary form and hermeneutics
The reception and remembrance of Abraham
Infidel orthodox? : patriarch Gennadios II (1454-1456) and the making of the Ecumenical Patriarchate in the context of sultan Mehmed II's policy
The legacy of St Vladimir : Byzantium, Russia, America : papers presented at a Symposium commemorating the Fiftieth Anniversary of St Vladimir's Orthodox Theological Seminary, Crestwood, NY, September 27 - October 1, 1988
Abraham : the story of a life
Texts like Genesis 16, 22 and 31 mention an enigmatic figure, "the messenger/angel of the Lord". The identity of God and this angel is merged. The angel is anonymous and speaks with divine authority as if he is God Himself, there being no clear distinction between sender and messenger. The angel accepts being worshipped by men and is acknowledged as divine. This book explores the ambiguous relationship between God and his angel in early Jewish interpretations of Genesis. The study is set in a wider context as part of the development of angelology and concepts of God in early Judaism.
The return of the repressed : Pirqe de-Rabbi Eliezer and the Pseudepigrapha
The sacrifice of Isaac : the Aqedah (Genesis 22) and its interpretations
Miscellaneous writings
St. Photios the Great
The patriarch and the tsar. Vol. 1, 2, [The replies of the humble Nicon, by the mercy of God Patriarch, against the questions of the Boyar Simeon Streshneff and the answers of the Metropolitan of Gaza, Paisius Ligarides]
The great controversy : the individual's struggle between good and evil in the Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs and in their Jewish and Christian contexts
Blue remembered Earth
The Eastern Orthodox churches : concise histories with chronological checklists of their primates
Private households and public politics in 3rd-5th century Jewish Palestine
The life of the patriarch Tarasios
Speaking the truth in love : theological and spiritual exhortations of Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew
Russian Orthodoxy resurgent : faith and power in the new Russia
The patriarch and the tsar. Vol. 6, 2, [Services of the patriarch Nicon to the church and state of his country, and their requital by the creation of a merely national or state church in Russia]
A biography of patriarch Tikhon
The correspondence of Athanasius I, Patriarch of Constantinople : letters to the Emperor Andronicus II, members of the imperial family, and officials
The Enoch-Metatron tradition
Reproductions of reproduction : imaging symbolic change
Genesis 49 in its literary and historical context
The patriarch and the tsar. Vol. 4, 1, [Services of the patriarch Nicon to the church and state of his country, and their requital by the creation of a merely national or state church in Russia]
Abraham, the nations, and the Hagarites : Jewish, Christian, and Islamic perspectives on kinship with Abraham
"Each entry includes a brief summary of the church's history; the location, number, and language of its members; the official title of the primate; the language used in the church; primary sources for the entry; and a chronology of the reigns of the church's primates from its founding to the present day"--Provided by publisher.
Reproductions of Reproduction is about the loss of the paternal metaphor and how the ensuing scramble to relocate it has set off a series of representational crises. Examining the sudden popularity of such figures as cyborgs, bodybuilders, and vampires; shifts in legislation about abortion, paternity and copyright; the transition to a digital-based society; the emergence of lesbian and gay studies; the growing infatuation with hyper-realistic patterns in television, this book argues that each of these manifestations represents an attempt to resituate the paternal metaphor. While this shift affects our understandings of everything from narratives to law to time, it also suggests a point of potential political intervention, allowing us to identify the full implications of these changes.
The life of Leontios, Patriarch of Jerusalem
Photian and Byzantine ecclesiastical studies
The Hite report on the family : growing up under patriarchy
The history of al-Tabarī = (Ta'rīkh al-rusul wa'l-mulūk). Vol. 2, Prophets and patriarchs
The patriarch and the tsar. Vol. 6, 1, Services of the patriarch Nicon to the church and state of his country, and their requital by the creation of a merely national or state church in Russia
The legacy of Abraham : a comparative study of the functions of Abraham's character in the Hebrew Bible, the New Testament and the Qur'an
The promise of land and progeny to the patriarchs-Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob-is a central, recurring feature of the Pentateuch. From the beginning of the story of Abraham to the last moment of Moses's life, this promise forms the guiding theological statement for each narrative. Yet literary and historical inquiries ascribe the promise texts to a variety of sources, layers, and redactions, raising questions about how the promise functioned in its original manifestations and how it can be used to understand the formation of the Pentateuch as a whole. Joel S. Baden reexamines the patriarchal promise in its historical and contemporaneous contexts, evaluating the benefits and drawbacks of both final-form and literary-historical approaches to the promise. He pays close attention to the methodologies employed in both documentary and non-documentary analyses and aims to bring source-critical analysis of the promise to bear on the understanding of the canonical text for contemporary readers. The Promise to the Patriarchs addresses the question of how the literary-historical perspective can illuminate and even deepen the theological meaning of the Pentateuch, particularly of the promise at the heart of this central biblical corpus.
Bound by the Bible : Jews, Christians and the sacrifice of Isaac
Blue remembered earth
The patriarch and the tsar. Vol. 4, 2, [Services of the patriarch Nicon to the church and state of his country, and their requital by the creation of a merely national or state church in Russia]
Primacy and conciliarity : studies in the primacy of the see of Constantinople and the synodal structure of the Orthodox Church
