http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6875 psychologists
psychologists
Theories in educational psychology
Multiple pathways to the student brain : energizing and enhancing instruction
My life & friends : a psychologist's memories
Scientists of the mind : intellectual founders of modern psychology
How to overcome bullying at school? : the adult survivors' perspective
Social psychology of persuasion applied to human-agent interaction
The handbook of solitude : psychological perspectives on social isolation, social withdrawal, and being alone
Social and Emotional Aspects of Learning
Evolutionary psychology has the all answers
Missing persons
A century of psychology : progress, paradigms and prospects for the new millenium
Inventing new uses for tools : a cognitive foundation for studies on appropriation
Psychologists and their theories for students. 2, L-Z
Unique aspects of the professional identity of tattooed psychologists : the professional self-esteem, sense of not belonging and intentional behavior modeling of four tattooed professionals from the field of psychology and psychiatry
On James
The psychologists. Vol. 1
Vengeance in mind
A practical guide to critical thinking : deciding what to do and believe
Heinz Kohut and self psychology : a bibliography
Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to psychology
Handbook of education, training, and supervision of school psychologists in school and community. Volume 2, bridging the training and practice gap : building collaborative university/field practices
Social : why our brains are wired to connect
Encyclopedia of psychology. 2, G to Phar
Overcome psychological obstacles to increase trading success Successful traders need to be well-versed and skilled in a wide range of business and economic areas. But now, in addition to effective trading strategies and sound money management techniques, traders need to possess the know-how to handle the mental and emotional challenges of working in a highly volatile environment. Excellence in Trading is a unique resource that applies cutting-edge psychological techniques to trading skills, allowing readers to improve their mental outlooks and maximize the potential of their trading strategies.
Why is cohesion important?
Becoming William James : with a new introduction
Published in association with the European Academy of Occupational Health Psychology (EAOHP) and the Society for Occupational Health Psychology (SOHP), "Contemporary Issues in Occupational Health Psychology" is a definitive new series presenting state-of-the-art work by leading academics and practitioners in the field. The topics include workplace health intervention evaluation, economic stress and employee well-being, work-family positive spillover, psychological flexibility, and health at work. Contributors to this first volume include Arnold Bakker, Frank Bond, Maureen Dollard, Leslie Hammer, Robert Karasek, Michiel Kompier, Tahira Probst, Wilmar Schaufeli, Arie Shirom, Robert Sinclair, Toon Taris, and, Tores Theorell.
Flourish : a new understanding of happiness and well-being - and how to achieve them
Comprehensive, straightforward and clear, Introduction to Research Methods in Psychology, 3rd edition is the essential student guide to understanding and undertaking quantitative and qualitative research in psychology. Updated throughout to include new topics such as the latest developments in online support for conducting research and data management, this new edition continues to provide a thorough, accessible and up to date coverage of the field. The book is supported by a companion website featuring a range of resources to help students check and further their understanding of the subject. Visit www.pearsoned.co.uk/howitt to find out more. "Howitt and Cramer's Introduction to Research Methods (Third Edition) offers the clearest and most comprehensive coverage of research methods for first year psychology students on the market. Indeed, it is a priceless source of advice and information on research design for students throughout their undergraduate career, and even into postgraduate study."
The Act of Remembering : toward an understanding of how we recall the past
Psychologists and their theories for students. 1, A-K
The sane positivist : a biography of Edward L. Thorndike
Driving heat
A book of dreams : a memoir of Wilhelm Reich
Ethical conflicts in psychology
Performance Psychology : Perception, Action, Cognition, and Emotion
The stranger
Diffuse and discrete associations in aversive classical conditioning
American Shaman : an Odyssey of global healing traditions
Handbook of counselling psychology
This reference work offers a comprehensive compilation of current psychological research related to the construct of solitude Explores numerous psychological perspectives on solitude, including those from developmental, neuropsychological, social, personality, and clinical psychology Examines different developmental periods across the lifespan, and across a broad range of contexts, including natural environments, college campuses, relationships, meditation, and cyberspace Includes contributions from the leading international experts in the field Covers concepts and theoretical approaches, empirical research, as well as clinical applications.
Handbook of education, training, and supervision of school psychologists in school and community. Volume 1, foundations of professional practice
Deafness in mind : working psychologically with deaf people across the lifespan
You & your aging parent : a family guide to emotional, social, health, and financial problems
Education and learning : an evidence-based approach
Carl Jung : wounded healer of the soul
The autobiography of Alexander Luria : a dialogue with The making of mind
Mistakes were made (but not by me) : why we justify foolish beliefs, bad decisions, and hurtful acts
Methodological advances in research on emotion and education
A history of developmental psychology in autobiography
Erik Erikson and the American psyche : ego, ethics, and evolution
This comprehensive reference work on personality psychology discusses the development and measurement of personality, biological and social determinants, dynamic personality processes, the personality's relation to the self, and personality in relation to applied psychology. Each chapter provides a concise summary of the subject. Topics include such areas as: the nature of personality psychology; the Five Factor model; individual differences; stability of personality; evolutionary foundations of personality; cross-cultural perspectives; emotion; psychological defences; and the connection between personality and health.
Does success at work produce well-being and happiness or vice versa?
Unequal opportunities for patients with and without cognitive impairment : relatives' and significant others' views on care and rehabilitation after hip fracture
European psychologists for peace : proceedings of the Congress of European Psychologists for Peace, Helsinki, August 8-10, 1986.
Encyclopedia of psychology. 1, A to F
"This book represents a natural evolution from the author's work with editing assessment reports and is specifically structured to meet the writing and communicating needs of the psychologist assessor. A combination of reference book and tutorial, Writing to Clients elucidates the qualities that create a writer's unique presence on the page with illustrations of correct English grammar, and is appropriate for graduate psychology students and for practicing professionals. In addition to style and grammar, the author details how to write less formal reports in letter form and to write a therapeutic story as an extension of the report for child, teenager, or adult".
This volume presents different conceptual and theoretical frameworks as well as research methods that have helped educational researchers to study emotions. It includes innovative approaches that push the methodological boundaries that have served educational researchers until now and proposes new ways of researching emotions in educational contexts. In particular, this edited volume provides a historical frame for studying emotions. It connects theoretical/epistemological views with choice of research methods and describes specific methods helpful in doing research on emotions as they are grounded in different theoretical and disciplinary traditions such as psychology, philosophy, sociology, history, political science, cultural studies, and feminist studies. Finally, it appreciates the contextual and international dimensions of studying emotions in education and contributes to ongoing debates about the implications of our methodological choices for understanding emotion in education. This combination of variety, timeliness, potential for transformation of the field, and uniqueness make this a very valuable resource to introduce new scholars in the field alongside established scholars.
Max Wertheimer & Gestalt theory
Biological psychology
Emotional Intelligence 2.0
Autonomy support, basic needs satisfaction, motivation regulation, and well-being among elite level ballet dancers in Russian speaking countries
An unquiet mind : a memoir of moods and madness
Rational choice and psychology in crisis decision-making
Educational psychology
A Guide to psychologists and their concepts
The scrivener's tale
Recollections and reflections
Fever of the bone
WTF are men thinking? : 250,000 men tell the truth about what women really want to know
Trauma, memory, and narrative in South Africa : interviews
The conspiracy club
The last temptation
The applied psychologist
In search of mind : essays in autobiography
An action research case study intervention : psychological skills training program in high school
From procedures to objects : a research agenda for the psychology of object-oriented programming education
Psychological factors affecting the participation of pregnant women in physical activities in Uganda
Influence : science and practice
Practical social pedagogy : theories, values and tools for working with children and young people
Cross-cultural psychology : research and applications
The Finnish Rorschach Association for the Comprehensive System ry 10 vuotta
This comprehensive introduction to Qualitative Methods in Psychology offers step by step practical advice and guidance on a range of important topics in this field. The qualitative researcher must learn how to collate data effectively in order to understand behaviour in a natural setting, how to understand an experience from the perspective of the research participant and also how to understand the meanings people give to their experience. Illustrative research studies throughout this book provide a picture of how different methods have been used to answer real research questions. Key concepts outline important terms and ideas; each chapter adopts a common structure to explain what each method encompasses, how to use it, and when to use it. Every chapter ends with recommended resources for further study including books, journal articles, and web pages as appropriate. Chapter overview and summaries provide a useful framework to help guide study and revision. The book is supported by a fantastic companion website www.pearsoned.co.uk/Howitt featuring a range of great resources to help students consolidate their understanding of qualitative methods. Qualitative Research Methods in Psychology will equip the researcher with the ability and knowledge to collate and analyse data, whilst taking into account ethical considerations, to enable them to write up their qualitative research report.
Why we love serial killers : the curious appeal of the world's most savage murderers
Attitudes related to child sexual abuse among finnish psychologists : a scale construction and an explorative study
Moral tribes : emotion, reason, and the gap between us and them
Cross-Cultural Psychology is a leading textbook offering senior undergraduate and graduate students a thorough and balanced overview of the whole field of cross-cultural psychology. The team of internationally acclaimed authors present the latest empirical research, theory, methodology and applications from around the world. They discuss all domains of behavior (including development, social behavior, personality, cognition, psycholinguistics, emotion and perception), and present the three main approaches in cross-cultural psychology (cultural, culture-comparative, and indigenous traditions) as well as applications to a number of domains (including acculturation, intercultural relations and communication, work and health). With new additions to the writing team, the third edition benefits from an even broader range of cross-cultural perspectives. Now in 2-colour, the format is even more reader-friendly and the features include chapter outlines, chapter summaries, further reading and an updated glossary of key terms. This edition also offers an accompanying website containing additional material and weblinks.
Contemporary occupational health psychology : global perspectives on research and practice. Vol. 1
Strangers in their own land : anger and mourning on the American right
The Italian seminars
A distinctive approach to psychological research : the influence of Stanley Schachter
Kiss of darkness
John Bowlby : from psychoanalysis to ethology : unravelling the roots of attachment theory
Now in its 16th edition, Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to Psychology has been fully revised and updated to reflect all recent research developments, theories and ideas, whilst also retaining all of the qualities which have established it as a leading undergraduate psychology textbook over the past five decades, including its highly accessible and engaging student-centred approach. The established author team of Susan Nolen-Hoeksema, Barbara Fredrickson and Geoffrey R. Loftus has been joined by Christel Lutz (University of Utrecht), who has helped to add a fresh European influence, and thereby create a truly international introductory textbook. The 'Cutting Edge Research' box features and 'Seeing Both Sides' essays which conclude each chapter have been fully updated and replaced throughout, using contributions from a range of experts across the globe, and really help to bring the text to life for students.
The Thirteenth Edition of Educational Psychology continues to emphasize the educational implications and applications of research on child development, cognitive science, learning, motivation, teaching, and assessment. Theory and practice are considered together, showing how information and ideas drawn from educational psychology research can be applied to solve the everyday problems of teaching. The text reflects the field as it offers unique and crucial knowledge to any who dare to teach, and to all who love to learn.
Conservation psychology : understanding and promoting human care for nature
Ethical conflicts psychology
C. G. Jung and the psychology of symbolic forms
This handbook addresses universal developmental and cultural factors contributing to child and adolescent mental health and well-being across the globe. It examines sociocultural contexts of development and identifies children's and adolescents' perspectives as critical to understanding and promoting their psychological well-being. It details the Promoting Psychological Well-Being Globally project's methodology for data collection and analysis, provides cross-cultural analyses of its findings, and offers a practical model for clinicians and other professionals seeking to apply this knowledge to real-life settings. Featured topics include:  Sexual health, gender roles, and psychological well-being in India. Psychological well-being as a new educational boundary in Italy. Mapping psychological well-being in Romania. Youth perspectives on contributing factors to psychological well-being in Sri Lanka. Culturally specific resilience and vulnerability in Tanzania. Longing for a balanced life - the voices of Chinese-American/immigrant youth in the United States. The International Handbook of Psychological Well-Being in Children and Adolescents: Bridging the Gaps Between Theory, Research, and Practice is an invaluable resources for researchers, clinicians, scientist-practitioners, and graduate students in child and school psychology, social work, public health, positive psycholo gy, educational policy and politics, and maternal and child health.
The opposite of worry : the playful parenting approach to childhood anxieties and fears
Handbook of Personality Psychology
Theories in Educational Psychology's purpose is to introduce readers to the pioneering educational psychology theories that continue to shape our understanding of the classroom learning environment, present support for the theories from perspectives in the current research literature, and share how these theoretical traditions have translated into effective teaching methods. Each chapter will be infused with practical teaching examples, classroom vignettes, and instructional strategies so readers are continually confronted with how theory translates to practice. In addition to becoming familiar with the conceptual understanding of core theoretical knowledge, readers will also be presented with current thinking about each theory and an introduction to important related topics at the close of each chapter. The chapters will also conclude with activities designed to help readers reflect on their learning of each chapter's content.
The psychologist as expert witness
Clinical psychology in practice
History and philosophy of psychology
Aged 30 Sharon Blackie found herself weeping in the car park of the multinational corporation where she worked, wondering if this was what a nervous breakdown felt like. With a PhD in Psychology she ought to have known. Somewhere along the line she realised she had lost herself. And so began a long winding journey back to authenticity, rootedness in place, and belonging. In this extraordinary book of myth memoir and modern day mentors Blackie faces the wasteland of Western culture, the repression of women, and the devastation of our planet. She boldly names the challenge to reimagine women's place in the world and to rise up firmly rooted in our own native landscapes and the powerful stories and wisdom which spring from them. If Women Rose Rooted offers a haunting heroine's journey for every woman who finds power inspiration and solace in the natural world.
The Swedish girl
Before we are anything else, we are feeling bodies. In fact, feelings are an important part of every experience we ever have. Feelings are not just emotions, and in practice cannot be separated from the processes of thinking and reasoning they are often assumed to simply interfere with. This book explains what feelings are and describes how they contribute to other psychological phenomena. Although feelings are often thought of as wholly private and personal, this book demonstrates that they are simultaneously social and relational. The book explains how analyses that include feelings can transform understandings of key topics related to health and illness - health beliefs, doctor-patient interactions in chronic fatigue, and madness. Some of the wider implications of this approach are also considered, both with respect to psychology and in relation to the ongoing 'affective turn' in the social sciences and humanities.
Counter transference in music therapy : a phenomenological study on counter transference used as a clinical concept by music therapists working with musical improvisation in adult psychiatry
Psychology of learning for instruction
The life and work of an eminent psychologist : autobiography of Richard S. Lazarus
The sport psychologist's handbook : a guide for sport-specific performance enhancement
The vampire shrink
Mapping knowledge and experience about sport psychology consulting among Finnish premier football coaches
Becoming a psychologist : Theoretical foundations for a humanistic psychology
The poetics of psychoanalysis : in the wake of Klein
The effect of prior information on musical preference rating : how our musical preference is shaped by prior information in an online environment
The Lonely Crowd is considered by many to be the most influential book of the twentieth century. Its now-classic analysis of the new middle class in terms of inner-directed and other-directed social character opened exciting new dimensions in our understanding of the psychological, political, and economic problems that confront the individual in contemporary American society. The 1969 abridged and revised edition of the book is now reissued with a new foreword by Todd Gitlin that explains why the book is still relevant to our own era. As accessible as it is acute, The Lonely Crowd is indispensable reading for anyone who wishes to understand American society. After half a century, this book has lost none of its capacity to make sense of how we live.Todd Gitlin Praise for the earlier editions: "One of the most penetrating and comprehensive views of the twentieth-century urban American you're likely to find.
Blackwell handbook of early childhood development
Introduction to family processes
Freud's self-analysis
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
Wilhelm Reich : the evolution of his work
The practitioner's handbook : a guide for counsellors, psychotherapists and counselling psychologists : edited by Stephen Palmer, Robert Bor
Feeling bodies : embodying psychology
Handbook of the teaching of psychology
Alfred Adler : apostle of freedom
Fury on earth : a biography of Wilhelm Reich
The China diary
Introduction to research methods in psychology
Smoking and social interaction
The life and work of Wilhelm Reich
Keep the midnight out
Musical imaginations : multidisciplinary perspectives on creativity, performance, and perception
The art of seduction
The gap : the science of what separates us from other animals
Routledge international handbook of sport psychology
Motives in children's development : cultural-historical approaches
Face it : recognizing and conquering the hidden fear that drives all conflict at work
Freud, biologist of the mind : beyond the psychoanalytic legend
The unknown bridesmaid
Forensic psychology for dummies
Continuing professional development for clinical psychologists : a practical handbook
Intentional interviewing and counseling : facilitating client development in a multicultural society
The Cambridge companion to Jung
A pound of flesh
Five ways to kill a man
A history of geropsychology in autobiography
Jerome Bruner : the cognitive revolution in educational theory
Scissors, paper, stone
Understanding psychology
The act of musical composition : studies in the creative process
International handbook of psychological well-being in children and adolescents : bridging the gaps between theory, research, and practice
Frameworks for sport psychologists : enhancing sport performance
The practical theorist : the life and work of Kurt Lewin
Freud : from youthful dream to mid-life crisis
Inventing personality : Gordon Allport and the science of selfhood
Mastering psychology
Foundations of ethical practice, research and teaching in psychology
The life and work of Sigmund Freud
Psychology and adult learning
Great psychologists and their times : scientific insights into psychology's history
The later Lacan : an introduction
William James : a biography
Interpretation of ambiguous visual stimuli in depression : a behavioral response study
John Dewey : his life and work
Feedback that sticks : the art of communicating neuropsychological assessment results
Undiscovered Vygotsky : etudes on the pre-history of cultural-historical psychology
Controlling uncertainty : decision making and learning in complex worlds
The lonely crowd : a study of the changing American character
Lev Vygotsky : revolutionary scientist
The psychologists. Vol. 2
Dabrowski's theory of positive disintegration
Think like a freak : the authors of Freakonomics offer to retrain your brain
Psychologists on psychology
If women rose rooted : the power of the Celtic woman
The mermaids singing
Blood therapy
Introduction to qualitative methods in psychology
The line : what would it take to make your cross it?
Career choices in psychology
Psychology : the science of mind and behaviour
Mindset : the new psychology of success
Active hope : how to face the mess we're in without going crazy
The secret history of Wonder Woman
A pedagogical experiment in higher education : T-groups in the training of psychologists
B.F. Skinner : a life
Beneath the bleeding
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
Biographical dictionary of psychology
Gregory Bateson : the legacy of a scientist
Clinical psychology : concepts, methods, and profession
The 33 strategies of war
The memory of love
Contemporary sport psychology is a rapidly developing and theoretically rich discipline, and a sophisticated and challenging profession. The Routledge International Handbook of Sport Psychology offers a comprehensive and authoritative guide to contemporary sport psychology in all its aspects. Written by a team of world-leading researchers and practitioners from five continents, including both established scholars and the best emerging talents, the book traces the contours of the discipline of sport psychology, introducing fundamental theory, discussing key issues in applied practice, and exploring the most important themes, topics and debates across the sport psychology curriculum. Uniquely, the book presents comparative studies of the history and contemporary practice of sport psychology in ten countries, including the US, UK, China, Japan, Brazil, Russia and Israel, helping the reader to understand the cultural and contextual factors that shape international practice in sport psychology. As well as covering in depth the core pillars of sport psychology, from motivation and cognition to group dynamics, the book also includes a full section on cultural sport psychology, a vital but under-explored sub-discipline that is having a profound influence on contemporary theory and practice. With 56 chapters and unparalleled range, depth and currency, the Routledge Handbook of International Sport Psychology is an essential addition to any library with a serious holding in sport psychology.
Speaking in tongues
Jung and the story of our time
We are all stardust : scientists who shaped our world talk about their work, their lives, and what they still want to know
"From an award-winning neuroscience researcher with twenty years of teaching experience, Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain uses educator-friendly language to explain how the brain learns. Steering clear of "neuro-myths," Dr. Janet Zadina discusses multiple brain pathways for learning and provides practical advice for creating a brain-compatible classroom. While there are an abundance of books and workshops that aim to integrate education and brain science, educators are seldom given concrete, actionable advice that makes a difference in the classroom. Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain bridges that divide by providing examples of strategies for day-to-day instruction aligned with the latest brain science. The book explains not only the sensory/motor pathways that are familiar to most educators (visual, auditory, and kinesthetic), it also explores the lesser known pathways--reward/survival, language, social, emotional, frontal lobe, and memory/attention--and how they can be tapped to energize and enhance instruction. Educators are forever searching for new and improved ways to convey information and inspire curiosity, and research suggests that exploiting different pathways may have a major effect on learning. Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain allows readers to see brain science through the eyes of a teacher--and teaching through the eyes of a brain scientist"--
Into the dark
Labyrinths : Emma Jung, her marriage to Carl and the early years of psychoanalysis
Encyclopedia of psychology. 3, Phas to Z
Reflection : turning experience into learning
The tesseract
APA handbook of ethics in psychology. Volume 1, moral foundations and common themes
The psychology of leadership : new perspectives and research
Ethnic minority perspectives on clinical training and services in psychology
Sport and exercise psychology : a critical introduction
American devil
Practical ethics for psychologists : a positive approach
G. Stanley Hall : the psychologist as prophet
The great mental calculators : the psychology, methods, and lives of calculating prodigies, past and present
Becoming a psychologist
Theories of development : concepts and applications
Trade Mindfully : achieve your optimum trading performance with mindfulness and cutting edge psychology
Affect imagery consciousness : the complete edition
Melanie Klein : her world and her work
Beneath the bleeding : a novel
The winter foundlings
Sleep like the dead
Writing to clients and referring professionals about psychological assessment results : a handbook of style and grammar
How we learn : learning and non-learning in school and beyond
Why does our memory of our first birthday differ from our memory of our last birthday? What makes children with the same parents have different characters? At what age are children likely to become involved in cyberbullying? Developmental Psychology 1st edition provides a clear and lively coverage of the main topics and concepts required by the British Psychological Society (BPS). The book takes a broadly topical organisation addressing the social and cognitive strands of development, providing an intuitive pathway through the core topics, and a final section which focuses on the clinical and applied aspects of the subject The text has been pedagogically developed to encourage the reader to engage with empirical research as well as theory, to make links between different areas of development, and to recognise common themes.
Handbook of coaching psychology
Development psychology
The individual psychology of Alfred Adler : a systematic presentation in selections from his writings
The 9th life of Louis Drax
Coaching for resilience : a practical guide to using positive psychology
The gallow's bird
A collective case study of athletic identity and successful injury rehabilitation
Personnel managers and crisis situations : emotion-handling strategies
The contributors to this collection employ the analytic resources of cultural-historical theory to examine the relationship between childhood and children's development under different societal conditions. In particular they attend to relationships between development, emotions, motives and identities, and the social practices in which children and young people may be learners. These practices are knowledge-laden, imbued with cultural values and emotionally freighted by those who already act in them. The book first discusses the organising principles that underpin a cultural-historical understanding of motives, development and learning. The second section foregrounds children's lives to exemplify the implications of these ideas as they are played out - examining how children are positioned as learners in pre-school, primary school and play environments. The final section uses the core ideas to look at the implementation of policy aimed at enhancing children's engagement with opportunities for learning, by discussing motives in the organisations that shape children's development.
European pioneer women in psychology
Ethical principles of psychologists and code of conduct
APA handbook of ethics in psychology. Volume 2, practice, teaching, and research
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
Bleed for me
Were you looking for the book with access to MyEducationLab? This product is the book alone, and does NOT come with access to MyEducationLab. Buy the book and access card package to save money on this resource. The 12th Edition of Educational Psychology maintains the lucid, jargon-free writing style for which the author is renowned, combined with a clear emphasis on educational psychology's practical relevance for teachers and students in classrooms. Written to look at teaching from the student's perspective and how students learn and retain information, the new edition continues to emphasize the educational implications and applications of research on child development, cognitive science, learning, motivation, teaching, assessment. It adds expanded coverage of the brain and neuroscience, the impact of technology, student diversity, as well as a new chapter devoted to Language Development, Language Diversity, and Immigrant Education (Ch 5). This text, known for its state of the art presentation of the field of educational psychology, is exceptionally applied and replete with examples, lesson segments, case studies, and practical ideas from experienced teachers.
Immortal longings : F.W.H. Myers and the Victorian search for life after death
The torment of others
Second language demotivation : factors that discourage pupils from learning the English language
Guilt, shame, and anxiety : understanding and overcoming negative emotions
Crimson psyche
Dr. Joanna Lander, a psychologist specializing in near-death experiences, is recruited to lend credibility to the work of young neurologist Dr. Richard Wright, who has come up with a way to manufacture a near-death experience using a psychoactive drug.
Don't stand so close
