http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6879 literary prizes
literary prizes
The round house
Swallowing Mercury
'One word of truth...' : the Nobel Speech on literature
The God of small things
Red sorghum
The book of ten nights and a night : eleven stories
The corrections
Lying under the apple tree : new selected stories
The Finkler question
The Pulitzer prize archive : a history and anthology of award-winning materials in journalism, letters, and arts. Pt. C : Nonfiction literature, vol. 9 : General nonfiction awards 1962-1993 : from the election of John F. Kennedy to a retrospect of Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg address
Hyperion
The left hand of darkness
The writer's handbook 2008
Nobel lectures : including presentation speeches and Laureates' biographies. Literature. 1991-1995
Who's who of twentieth-century novelist
The three-body problem
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
The international who's who in poetry and poets' encyclopaedia. 1993/94
The great Dune trilogy
The Hartlepool monkey
The vegetarian : a novel
Presentation of the Neustadt International Prize for Literature May thirtieth nineteen hundred and eighty-four
The old man and the sea
Climate changed : a personal journey through the science
Nobel lectures : including presentation speeches and Laureates' biographies. Literature. 1901-1967
Life of Pi
Thomas the rhymer : a romance
Stardust : being a romance within the realms of faerie
Even the Dogs
How late it was, how late
The garlic ballads
The Writer's Handbook 2009
The bluest eye
The Fountains of Paradise
Thirteen-year-old Conor awakens one night to find a monster outside his bedroom window, but not the one from the recurring nightmare that began when his mother became ill--an ancient, wild creature that wants him to face truth and loss.
Dear life
The orphan master's son : a novel
The Nobel Prize in literature : an introduction
Booker winners and others
The shipping news
Het inspiration, sval systematik = Ardent inspiration, cool systematics
Twelve-year-old Addie tries to cope with her mother's erratic behavior and being separated from her beloved stepfather and half-sisters when she and her mother go to live in a small trailer by the railroad tracks on the outskirts of Schenectady, New York.
Prize writing : an original collection of writings by past winners to celebrate 21 years of the Booker Prize
The English patient
The fall of Hyperion
Waiting for normal
The orphan master's son
The Remains of the day
CORALINE
Outstanding international press reporting : Pulitzer prize winning articles in foreign correspondence. Vol. 5, 1990-1999 : from the reunification of Germany to the impact of aids in Africa
The curious incident of the dog in the night-time
Melancholy Of Resistance
All clear
H. C. Andersen prize nominees 2012 : stories full of humour and original personalities
Rendezvous With Rama
The map and the territory
The sellout
The handmad's tale
The Pulitzer prize archive : a history and anthology of award-winning materials in journalism, letters, and arts. Pt. D : Belles lettres, vol. 12 : Drama, comedy awards 1917-1996 : from Eugene O'Neill and Tennessee Williams to Richard Rodgers and Edward Albee
A monster calls
International dictionary of literary awards
Fifty years of humour, anarchy and tradition : Pekka Vuori : Finland's nominee for the Hans Christian Andersen award for illustration
Maps for lost lovers
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 326, Booker prize novels, 1969-2005
Nobel lectures : including presentation speeches and Laureates' biographies. Literature. 1981-1990
Big breasts and wide hips
Nobel prize winners : an H. W. Wilson biographical dictionary
The gods themselves
The broken shore : a novel
Ice
The melancholy of resistance
Caretaker ; The Dumb Waiter
The man in the high castle
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
Hugo and Nebula award winners from Asimov's science fiction
The graveyard book
A short history of tractors in Ukrainian
When his best friend Hector is suddenly taken away, Standish Treadwell realises that it is up to him, his grandfather and a small band of rebels to confront and defeat the ever-present oppressive forces of the Motherland.
Gilead
The Pulitzer prize archive : a history and anthology of award-winning materials in journalism, letters, and arts. Pt. E : Liberal arts, vol 13. : Editorial cartoon awards 1922-1997 : from Rollin Kirby and Edmund Duffy to Herbert Block and Paul Conrad
Literary prizes
Graceling
The Buddha in the attic
A head full of ghosts
The before Columbus foundation poetry anthology : selections from the American Book Awards 1980-1990
Astro city. [1], Life in the big city
The sympathizer
Half of a yellow sun
What's wrong with the novel? : the Finlandia Prize 1990.
The line of beauty
The stone diaries
Endless nights
Finnish children's and youth books. 8
Watchmen : the deluxe edition
Jacob have I loved
The glorious heresies
Shifu, you'll do anything for a laugh
Nobel lectures : Including presentation speeches and laureates' biographies. Literature. 1901-1967
Harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban
Nobel lectures : including presentation speeches and Laureates' biographies. Literature. 1968-1980
Possession : a romance
Consuming fictions : the Booker prize and fiction in Britain today
Kirsi Kunnas : the Finnish candidate for the Hans Christian Andersen Medal (Author's award) 2014
The sense of an ending
Before I go to sleep : a novel
The english patient
Fun home : a family tragicomic
Inspired guesswork : Tieto-Finlandia
How to win the Nobel Prize in literature : a handbook for the would-be laureate
The black echo
I wish I were a dog
Man and boy
A visit from the goon squad
A little history of literature
The Pulitzer prize archive : a history and anthology of award-winning materials in journalism, letters, and arts. Pt. D : Belles lettres, vol. 11 : Poetry, verse awards 1918-1995 : from Carl Sandburg and Robert Frost to Archibald MacLeish and Robert Penn Warren
The white tiger
The Pulitzer prize archive : a history and anthology of award-winning materials in journalism, letters, and arts. Pt. E : Liberal arts, vol 14. : Press photography awards 1942-1998 : from Joe Rosenthal and Horst Fass to Moneta Sleet and Stan Grossfeld
Chosen for children : an account of the books which have been awarded the Library Association Carnegie Medal, 1936-1965
The complete book of major U.S. show business awards
My big brother, Boris
A brief history of seven killings
The Pulitzer prize archive : a history and anthology of award-winning materials in journalism, letters, and arts. Pt. D : Belles lettres, vol. 10 : Novel/fiction awards 1917-1994 : from Pearl S. Buck and Margaret Mitchell to Ernest Hemingway and John Updike
Literacy and learning : an expeditionary discovery through children's literature
The suspicions of Mr Whicher, or, The murder at Road Hill House
Booker winners and others II
Fiction, folklore, fantasy & poetry for children, 1876-1985. Vol. 2.
Pyramids : a Discworld novel
Nobel lectures including presentation speeches and laureates' biographies : literature 1901-1967
The main awards for children's and young people's literature in Finland 2002-2003
The Man in the high castle
A small death in Lisbon
Young people's own favourite books
