http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6881 addition
addition increase
Propagation of trees, shrubs and conifers
The gardener's guide to growing Salvias
Rooting cuttings of tropical trees
International symposium on vegetative propagation of woody species, Pisa, Italy September 3-5, 1987
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Micro and Macro Technologies for Plant Propagation and Breeding in Horticulture : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Adapted propagation techniques for commercial crops of the tropics : proceedings of the Southeast Asian Regional Workshop on Propagation Techniques for Commercial Crops of the Tropics, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, 7-12 February, 1993
The jiffy pot handbook
Proceedings of the International Plant Propagators Society : Australian region, May 17-20, 2012, Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia ; Eastern region, North America, October 10-13, 2012, Glen Mills, Pennsylvania, USA ; Great Britain and Ireland region, September 25928, 2012, East Malling research, East Malling, Kent, U.K. ; Japan region, October 27-28, 2012, Hamamatsu City, Shizouka Prefecture, Japan ; New Zealand region, April 26-29, 2012, Cromwell, New Zealand ; Southern Africa region, March 6-8, 2012, Villa Paradiso, Hartbeesport, South Africa ; Southern region, North America, October 14-17, 2012, Auburn, Alabama, USA ; Western region, September 19 to 22, 2012, Ventura, California, USA
Second International Symposium on Pistachios and Almonds : Davis, California, USA August 24 - 29, 1997
Propagation of adult curly-birch succeeds with tissue culture
The Hosta book
Seeds : the ultimate guide to growing successfully from seed
Chemical plant growth retardants (PGR's) are widely used to decrease plant height and increase quality in commercial bedding plant production. Spraying is most used application method. Usually it has to be given in  certain stage of plant development and it has to be repeated. After the  spraying working in the greenhouse is not allowed. Giving the recommendation of PGR-use in concentration is a common  way. It gives a lot of space for variation of actual amount of PGR that a plant absorbs. Effect of the amount of absorbed PGR-solution was a main  question of this study. Liner dip is an application method, which could solve many of the  disadvantages of the spray-applications. It is pretransplant method: One  dipping of young plant plugs to the PGR solution before transplanting to cultivation pots is enough.  Usability of the method in the cultivation of seed propagated plants or  usability of other chemicals than triazoles, has not been studied earlier. In this study the crop was seed propagated petunia and chemicals tested were  plant growth retardant flurprimidol (product name Topflor) and  propiconazole (Tilt), a fungicide from triazoles -group. According the results of this study, actual amount of absorbed PGRchemical  is more important than the concentration of the given PGR-solution. The application method is suitable also for the seed propagated  plants and flurprimidol acts very well as PGR with the liner dip method.  On the ground of this study, propiconazole is not a suitable chemical for  the method.
Peppers as a commercial crop
Promotion of electricity from renewable energy sources in Finland
Perennial solutions : a grower's guide to perennial production
Somaclonal variations and crop improvement : proceedings of a Seminar in the CEC programme of research on plant protein improvement, held in Gembloux, Belgium, 3-5 September, 1985
Hartmann and Kester's plant propagation : principles and practices
Commercial cherry production
Introductory horticulture
Plant propagation : principles and practices
6th International symposium on apricot culture, Caserta, Italy, 9-15 July 1989 : vol. 1-2
In vitro culture of higher plants : Bibliography
Proceedings of the XIth International Symposium on Plant Bioregulators in Fruit Production : Bologna, Italy, September 20 - 23, 2009
Propagation of Garcinia kola (Heckel) by stem and root cuttings
Production of florist azaleas
Trees. 3
Foliage pot plant manual
Graft-transmissible diseases of grapevines : handbook for detection and diagnosis
Establishment and use of juvenility for plant propagation in sterile and non-sterile conditions
The propagation of alpine plants and dwarf bulbs
The plant propagator's bible
International Symposium on Apricot Culture : Veria-Makedonia, Greece, 25-30 May, 1997. Vol. 2
Encyclopedia of annuals and perennials
Propagating house plants
The plant propagator's bible : a step-by-step guide to propagating every plant in your garden
The effect of temperature changes during the propagation of cucumbers = Virkning av temperaturveksling ved oppal av veksthusgurk
Micropropagation of Betula and Quercus : Initial reports of the woody plant working group : COST 87
Clonal propagation of Detarium microcarpum from root cuttings
Adventitious root formation in cuttings
Genetic glass ceilings : transgenics for crop biodiversity
Plant protoplasts and genetic engineering. 1
The effect of wood properties upon micropropagation efficiency in hybrid aspen clones
Growing perennials in cold climates
Symposium on in vitro problems related to mass propagation of horticultural plants : a symposium in the C.E.C. programme for the coordination of agricultural research. Vol. 1-2
Proceedings of the fifth International Protea Research Symposium : Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain 2-7 April 2000
Laboratory manual in horticulture
High-tech and micropropagation. 2
The chemical height control of seed propagated bedding plants with the liner dip application method : the effect of absorbed amount of plant growth retardant
The complete book of cacti & succulents
Forest and crop biotechnology : progress and prospects
Tissue culture of selected tropical fruit plants
Localization and de-localization through omissions, additions and replacements in the Finnish translations of Men's Health and Trendi - magazine articles
Second World Congress on Medicinal and Aromatic Plants for Human Welfare : WOCMAP-2 : agricultural production, post-harvest techniques, biotechnology : Mendoza, Argentina 10-15 November 1997
Nursery stock manual
Pelargonium micropropagation and pathogen elimination
The hosta handbook
Offers step-by-step instructions on the latest grafting techniques, and includes advice on choosing appropriate plant materials, making good graft cuts, and caring for the plant after the graft.
The availability of appropriate propagation techniques is a major constraint to the domestication of the forest trees widely used by rural communities; such as Garcinia kola (Heckel). This study tested the ability of root and stem cuttings to regenerate vegetatively when treated with indole-3-butyric acid (IBA), and set in non-mist poly-propagator within a shaded nursery. It found that G. kola is amenable to propagation by softwood stem cuttings. Attention was given to the effect of cutting age (softwood, semi hardwood) and IBA application with regard to the sprouting and rooting efficiency. Bud and leaf emergence time were also investigated, as was the coppicing ability of the stump. Results revealed that roots and branches from mature forest trees did not sprout under any culture conditions. The highest percentages of rooting (70-85%) were obtained with softwood cuttings set in non-mist poly-propagator, regardless of hormonal treatment. The mean numbers of buds (2.9 ± 0.4) and roots (2.6 ± 0.1) produced by softwood cuttings was significantly greater than those obtained in the Control. The best average emergence time of buds (25.1 days ± 9.3) and leaves (36.8days ± 8.4) was obtained with cuttings treated with IBA and set in non-mist poly-propagator against, 54.4 ± 12.5 and 72.6 ± 3.4 days respectively for the Control. In general, non-mist poly-propagator gave the best propagation results. When coppiced, the shoots emerging from stumps with one node were the most vigorous..
Proceedings of the IInd EUFRIN Plum and Prune Working Group Meeting on Present Constraints of Plum Growing in Europe : Craiova, Romania, July 20-22, 2010
Citriculture : proceedings of the sixth International Citrus Congress, Middle-East, Tel Aviv, Israel, March 6-11, 1988 : vol. 1-4
The larger Rhododendron species
Examples of alien pathogens in Finnish potato production - their introduction, establishment and consequences
Tropical foliage plants : a grower's guide
Propagation of horticultural plants
Japanese maples : momiji and kaede
4th International symposium on plum and prune genetics, breeding and plant pomology, Bordeaux, France, 24-28 July 1989
Rootstocks for fruit crops
Bush fruits
Bulbs in containers
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Biotechnology of Fruit Species : Nelson, New Zealand, March 25-29, 2012
Micropropagation : technology and application
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on New Floricultural Crops : Buenos Aires, Argentina, November 22-25, 2011
In vitro culture of higher plants
Progress in plant cellular and molecular biology : proceedings of the 7th International congress on plant tissue and cell culture, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, 24-29 June 1990
Quality declared planting material : protocols and standards for vegetatively propagated crops : expert consultation, Lima, 27-29 November 2007
Hartmann & Kester's plant propagation : principles and practices
3rd International Symposium on Artificial Lighting in Horticulture, Noordwijkerhout, The Nederlands, 23-27 January 1994
Proceedings of the 1st International symposium on olive growing, Córdoba (Spain) 26-29 September 1989
The propagation of hardy perennials
The conservatory gardener
Protocol for somatic embryogenesis in woody plants
Nursery technology for agroforestry : applications in arid and semiarid regions
Biotechnology of the medicinal plant, Rhazya stricta
Biotechnology of fruit and nut crops
Old roses
A computerized book keeping system for breeding material of self fertilized crops
Trees. 2
Principles of plant breeding
Seed and planting material available to small-scale farmers in many developing countries is often of insufficient quality, which undermines potential yield and performance of crop production. In 1993, the FAO Plant Production and Protection Division (AGP) initiated an expert consultation that produced technical guidelines on standards and procedures for quality seeds, known as the quality declared seed (QDS) system. QDS, as a quality assurance scheme for seed production, is less demanding than full quality control systems and, thus, can be more easily implemented in situations where resources are limited. However, crop species propagated by diverse vegetative structures such as setts, stem cuttings, tubers, suckers, corms and others have not been included in QDS, even though some of these species are of major importance for agricultural production and food security. Many of these crops, such as yam, cassava and sweetpotato, belong to tropical or subtropical agricultural systems and are staple foods in many developing countries. This publication presents protocols and standards for the production of quality planting material of the most important vegetatively reproduced crops.--Preface
Symposium on intensive forestry : the role of Eucalypts : proceedings, Durban, South Africa 2-6 September 1991
Trees and shrubs : Hardy in the British isles. Volume 1, A-C
Proceedings of the XIIth International Symposium on Plant Bioregulators in Fruit Production : Orlando, Florida, USA July 28-August 1, 2013
500 essential container plants : window boxes, balconies, patios
Proceedings of the International Plant Progators' Society : Australian Region, May 15-19, 2013, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia : Eastern Region, North America, October 8-11, 2013, Naperville, Illinois, USA : Japan Region, October 19-20, 2013, Ogaki, Gifu, Japan : New Zealand Region, April 25-28, 2013, Taupo, North Iland, New Zealand : Southern Africa Region, March 5-6, 2013, Goedgedacht In Riebeek Kasteel, South Africa : Southern Region, North America, November 2-6, 2013, Athens, Georgia, USA : Western Region, October 1-4, 2013, Portland, Oregon, USA
Horticulture : principles and practices
Marjat : pohjolan kultaa = Berries: gold of the north
Roses : a manual on the culture, management, diseases and insects of greenhouse roses
Growing bougainvilleas
Summary.
Plant tissue culture : techniques and experiments
Plant propagation A to Z : growing plants for free
Micropropagation of some adult Betula species
Ball culture guide : The encyclopedia of seed germination
2nd International Symposium on Roses : Antibes, France 20-24 February 1995
Encyclopaedia of ferns : an introduction to ferns, their structure, biology, economic importance, cultivation and propagation
Third International Strawberry Symposium : Veldhoven, the Netherlands, 29 April - 4 May 1996. Vol 1
Miniature roses : their care and cultivation
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Plant Biotechnology : from Bench to Commercialization : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
The latest techniques for propagating crops with terminal, stem, and leaf/stem cuttings are the focus of this horticulture handbook. All the bases are covered - propagation basics, stock plant management, media, temperature, light, nutrition, plant growth regulators, insect and disease management, equipment, and postharvest handling. From these general subjects, the editors focus in on specifics for scores of specialty bedding plants, perennials, specialty cut flowers, and foliage plants. Then they zoom in even closer, covering more than 60 important floriculture crops in detail so propagators and growers can provide high-quality cuttings and young plants to the market.
Proceedings of the First International Symposium on Acclimatization and Establishment of Micropropagated plants : Sani-Halkidiki, Macedonia, Greece, 19-22 September. 2001
Breeding of broad-leaved trees and micropropagation of forest trees : proceedings of the meeting of the Nordic Group for Tree Breeding in Finland 19.-21.9.1989
Proceedings of the First International Conference on Rootstocks for Decidous Fruit Tree Species : Zaragoza, Spain, June 11-14 2002.. Vol. 2
Manual of woody landscape plants : their identification, ornamental characteristics, culture, propagation and uses
Studies on the vegetatively propagated onions cultivated in Finland, with special reference to flowering and storage
The Vetiver system for soil and water conservation : proven and green environmental solutions
Uncommon fruits for every garden
Creative propagation
An updated overview of advances in somatic embryogenesis in forest trees
Growth, crown structure and seed production of birch seedlings, grafts and micropropagated plants
Most pathogens on potato have been imported into Finland via contaminated seed more than hundred years ago. The history of migration and the consequences for potato production of potato wart, blackleg and soft rot, Potato mop-top virus (PMTV) and its vector powdery scab are reviewed as examples of economically important and biologically different potato pathogens. Potato wart spread alarmingly during 1920-1960. Plant quarantine acts and the use of resistant cultivars were successful in eradicating the disease. The pathogens causing blackleg and soft rot increased rapidly in 1960-1970. Development of seed certification schemes after the end of the 1970s decreased disease incidence and made the disease insignificant other than for seed potato production. Introduction of new strains of blackleg bacteria in 2003 caused the disease again to become a considerable threat to potato production. PMTV was imported into Finland in the 1970s where it spread rapidly, especially in starch potato production. Currently it is common in all potato production except that of seed potato. The disease cannot be eradicated but contamination of clean fields can be prevented. New diseases can spread to Finland in future but population changes of existing pathogens have recently caused more problems than species completely new to Finland.
Cutting propagation : a guide to propagating and producing floriculture crops
The complete book of plant propagation
Proceedings of the fourth International Walnut Symposium : Bordeaux, France 13-16 September, 1999
Proceedings of the Sixth International Protea Research Symposium : Wailea, Maui, Hawaii USA, 11-14 March, 2002
Proceedings of the 8th International Protea Research Symposium : San Diego, California, USA, 30 March - 4 April, 2006
Pelargoniums : a gardener's guide to the species and their cultivars and hybrids
Results from a trial of Eucalyptus grandis cuttings assessed after seven years
Practical woody plant propagation for nursery growers. Volume 1
The manual of plant grafting : practical techniques for ornamentals, vegetables, and fruit
The reference manual of woody plant propagation : from seed to tissue culture
The impact of biotechnology in agriculture : proceedings of the International conference:" The meeting point between fundamental and applied in vitro culture research", held at Amiens (France), July 10-12, 1989
International symposium on plant biotechnology and its contribution to the improvement, the multiplication and the development of plants, Geneva, Switzerland, April 19 - April 20, 1991
