http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6880 expansion (passive)
expansion (passive)
The moral of enlargement : European Union enlargement argumentation with regard to Turkey and Croatia in light of ethical theories
Attitudes and policies of Finland concerning EU enlargement in the Baltic Sea region
The cost of enlargement of the EU on the Finnish annual budget : a financial analysis of the effect of ten new members entering the European Union on Finland's budget from a pre-accession point of view
Estonia's transition to the EU : twenty years on
Markets and growth in early modern Europe
Southeast Europe on the path towards the EU
European Union enlargement
EU enlargement and the common agricultural policy : the case of Slovenia
"Is the EU enlargement the success EU institutions proclaim? Based on fifteen years of fieldwork research across Central and Eastern Europe and on migrants in the UK and Germany, this book provides a less glittering answer. The EU has betrayed hopes of social cohesion: social regulations have been forgotten, multinationals use threats of relocations, and workers, left without institutional channels to voice their concerns, have reacted by leaving their countries en masse. Yet migration, for many, increases social vulnerability. Drawing on Hirschman's concepts of Exit and Voice, the book traces the origins of such failures in the management of EU enlargement as a pure economic and market-creating exercise, neglecting the inherently political nature of labour relations. The reinforcement of market mechanisms without political counterbalances has resulted in an increase in opportunistic exit behaviour by both employers and employees, and thereby in a worsening quality of democracy, at workplace, national and European levels. As a result of this process, the EU has become more similar to the North American Free Trade Agreement between USA, Canada and Mexico, where social rights are marginalized and economic integration does not translate into better development".
Security through integration? : The role of security in the enlargement of the European union
Company X is a mobile analytics company with interest in expanding internationally into Asian markets. The purpose of this thesis has been to study the internal and external forces affecting Company X's Interest in international markets; take those factors and apply them to market research and internationalization theories. Countries of Asia presented in this thesis are from developed and newly industrialized countries of Asia. Each country has been analyzed on many market selection factors including general theoretical factors and ones presented by Company X. The Theoretical factors include: political, economical, social, technological, competitive advantage, and product adaptability. Company X's own factors include: Wlan access, 3G access, mobile data usages, mobile subscribers, and flat-rate pricing. Primary data in this research has been collected through observations. Observation techniques used include: undisguised, natural, participant researcher as an employee, and unstructured. Secondary data in this research has been collected by means of desktop internet research from multiple sources. It has been discovered that not all information has been standard with all countries and to get a complete understanding of the actual situation more in-depth research is needed from the top ranking countries in this thesis. In future research, it is recommended Company X examine more closely the affordability of its offering per country, B2B selling techniques involving cultural differences, and current market trends in mobile data usages.
Fifty years of EU-Turkey relations : a Sisyphean story
Mapping of AMACR and TMPRSS2-ERG fusion gene expression in human prostate
Legal symbolism : on law, time and European identity
Has the EU enlargement process lost its way
The European Union in the 1990s : ever closer and larger?
The European Union: Still enlarging
Abstract.
Security through integration? : the role of security in the enlargements of the European Union
Seminar on Currency Boards in the context on EU accession : Brussels, 25 November 1999 : summary of proceedings and papers
From securitisation to desecuritisation : the Baltic states in the European security system
A feasibility study of market expansion for company X
The plurality of truth : a critique of research on the state and European integration
The dialogue on Europe : the challenge of institutional reform 2000
Norderweiterung der Europäischen Union : wirtschaftliche Aspekte = The Northern enlargement of the European Union : economic aspects
Political will is key
A Wider Europe : the process and politics of European Union enlargement
How to grow your business : for entrepreneurs
Entry and expansion strategies of Finnish shoe manufacturers to Russia : case study of Pertti Palmroth
Anticipatory and adaptive Europeanization in Hungary
Fascism outside Europe : the European impulse against domestic conditions in the diffusion of global fascism
Problems and chances of the East enlargement of the EU
Report on macroeconomic and financial sector developments in candidate countries
Competitive edges of Finnish industrial SMEs
Conference reader: Nuclear Policy and Security on the Eve of the 21st Century, St. Petersburg, russia - june 1999
EU enlargement and Finland
Perspectives on the enlargement of the European Union
Changing the history : shaping the future : aula lecture april 19, 2001 : Muudame ajalugu : kujundame tulevikku : aulaloeng 19. aprillil 2001
Recent fiscal developments in the candidate countries
Enlargement of the European Union : an historic opportunity
Crucial factors influencing market entry mode selection to the Russian market
Reuniting Europe : the fifth enlargement
Manifest and other destinies : territorial fictions of the nineteenth-century United States
European social model in making : European Commission reporting on Romania between 1999-2006
Developing EU-Turkey dialogue : a CLIOHWORLD reader
The Instrument for Structural Policy for Pre-Accession (ISPA) : annual report
The constitution for Europe and an enlarging union : unity in diversity?
Sprachliche Folgen der EU-Erweiterung = Linguistic consequences of the EU-enlargement = Conséquences linguistiques des l'élargisement de l'UE
The end of state socialism in central and eastern Europe has opened up the opportunity to integrate western European countries with the former centrally planned economies.Besides the historical peculiarity of enlarging the European Union to the east, a comparison with the earlier southern enlargement comprising Greece, Portugal and Spain gives important insights into mechanisms and problems of geographically extending the Union.Aim of this paper is to explore the past experience of enlarging the EU referring to the economic situation of the applicants in comparison to the member countries and to the challenges to enlargement.In the knowledge of differences, lessons can be drawn from the southern enlargement for the upcoming enlargement towards the east. Keywords: EU enlargements, transition countries .
Developing EU - Turkey Dialogue : a Cliohworld reader
Understanding enlargement : the European Union's enlargement policy
Understanding EU's Mediterranean enlargement : the English school and the expansion of regional international societies
Managing corporate growth
Creating value through international strategy
Who's afraid of the big enlargement? : economic and social implications of the European Union's prospective eastern expansion
The return to Europe : the reintegration of Eastern Europe into the European economy
Eastwards
Tackling poverty in an enlarged Europe
The Baltic States' integration into the European Union - institutional approach
The European Union and internal security : guardian of the people?
New lands, new men : America and the second great age of discovery
The objective of the study is to find the potential of the Swedish B-to-B market of industrial lubricants for LLK Finland. The research was ordered by management of LLK Finland Oy because the company requires estimation of a new commodity market. One intention is to show the main characteristics of the Swedish market in the field of industrial lubricants in general, its potential competitors and customers for the case company. Other intentions are to determine what operational modes and distribution channel are suitable. What is the competitive advantage of LLK Finland? What strategic plan of penetration is possible? What are perspectives for this market in the future? The theoretical framework was based on the work of Lynch. Also thesis paid attention to works of such authors as Daniels, Radebaugh, Sullivan, Cavusgil Knight and Riesenberger. The study was executed in the form of collecting data through websites of relevant official agencies and companies, books and publications, interviews and consultations. The analytical approach was qualitative. The findings showed the general information on the Swedish market. The results also indicated the number of potential competitors, types of customers and intermediaries with the detailed analysis. Furthermore, the research provided the possible plan of market entry and the forecast of the industry for the future based on findings. In conclusion, a verdict of the market potential for LLK Finland with the general recommendations related to a market penetration process shown.
EU enlargement - one year on : the proceedings of an international conference hosted by Audentes University in Tallinn, Estonia, on 22 April 2005
EU integration and its impact on Finnish forest industry
EU expansion to the East : prospects and problems
The implications for Finland of European union eastern enlargement : the integration of the Finnish and Estonian food industries in therm of foreign direct investment
Vertical market integration and competition : the meat sector in Slovenia
What is special about enlarging the European Union towards  the east? : A comparison with the southern enlargement
What future for the European Commission
European Union : deeper integration or wider membership? : a  multivariate statistical analysis
IPA, Instrument for Pre-Accession Assistance : a new focus to EU assistance for enlargement
The road to the European union. Vol. 1, The Czech and Slovak republics
Market research and analysis of industrial lubricants on the Swedish market : case: LLK Finland Oy
The impact of the European union expansion on Eddie Stobart Ltd
British and German interests in EU enlargement : conflict and cooperation
Strategy development for the expansion of warehousing business into Lithuania : case: ZAO Holding 78
International expansion into Asian markets for a mobile analytics company
Thermodynamic modeling of compression, combustion and expansion processes of gasoline, ethanol and natural gas with experimental validation on a flexible fuel engine : 8th international conference on engines for automobile, Capri, Naples, Italy September 16-20, 2007
Hierarchy and expansiveness in two-dimensional subshifts of finite type
The Baltic states - successful transition in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania
The main objective of this thesis is to conduct a research that clarifies the specific data required DH-Trade Oy to define the suitable market entry mode to enter Russian market of industrial components and spare parts. Another idea of the study is to evaluate the role and relevance of different factors as it has a strong connection with internationalization process of a small or medium sized companies. Criteria for selecting a market entry mode should relate to the organization's overall corporate strategy and the extent, depth and geographical coverage of its present and intended foreign operations.    Research method was qualitative based on deductive reasoning. The empirical research was carried out in the form of in-depth interviews with professionals that have experienced operation in Russia. The interviewed specialists are involved into the corporate planning and developement strategies in the finnish companies that operate in the industry of industrial components and spare parts. The interview results played the key role in understanding of factors that affect entry mode.    The aim of this study was successfully met by finding out the list of criteria and factors that will ensure the selection of the most appropriate market entry mode as well as defining the relevance degree of each factor with understanding of industry specifications. The results of the conducted research indicated factors such as company's resources, product characteristics, particular market entry mode for this market as well as market structure that should be seriously considered by companies when selecting entry mode to the Russian market of industrial components and spare parts.      In conclusion, thesis outcome provides DH-Trade Oy with the ready-to-use solution to select an entry mode and expand operation in Russia.
Reception study of H&M company in Chile : the buying behavior and customer satisfaction among the Chilean H&M customers
The economic impact of enlargement
Social failures of EU enlargement : a case of workers voting with their feet
U.S. market entry strategy: case: DataPartner Software Company
Summary (s. 7-10).
Accruals persistence during expansion and recession
European Union enlargement : background, developments, facts
The Rationalities of Russia's European Energy Policy
Scalar condensates in the early Universe and consequences of their non-perturbative decay
Europe unites : the EU's eastern enlargement
Entering the mongolian paper market with environmentally friendly and quality packaging : case study: finnish paper trading company Kristec Oy
The Election of the European Parliament 2004 : A research concerning representation and proportionality in the European Parliament
The 1995 enlargement of the European Union
Should the EU be redesigned?
Keeping the door ajar : local border traffic regimes on the EU’s eastern borders
This study looks at the interplay between European Monetary Union (EMU) and a future EU enlargement to Central and Eastern Europe. The country focus is on the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia.The analysis concludes that EMU is improving the framework conditions for a future Eastern enlargement. Moreover, EMU in itself is becoming ever more relevant to the candidate countries from Central and Eastern Europe: The introduction of the euro and these countries' subsequent accession to the EU will alter their monetary and exchange rate policy frameworks.The EMU convergence criteria will not play a major role in the EU accession process.However, in the preaccession period, they should be viewed as medium- and longer-term points of reference for stability-oriented economic policymaking. .
Market analysis : case: ICT Center Salo Oy
Regional integration from the macroeconomic perspective : the effects of EU enlargement on European business
Towards a union of dimensions : the effects of eastern enlargement on the northern dimension
Twinning : building Europe together
The informal economy in the EU accession countries : size, scope, trends and challenges in the process of EU enlargement
The frontiers of Europe : a transatlantic problem?
Aim of this thesis is to analyze the operating environment of the case company. This thesis will provide techniques to competitor analysis as well as presenting a framework to measure the competitive forces influencing company's competitive environment. This thesis will also consider the company's external environment by using PEST-analysis as a framework. Techniques to analyze company's internal environment by SWOT-analysis will also be presented.  The case company, ICT Center Salo Oy, is a concentration of ICT-industry corporations in the city of Salo, in industrial area of Meriniitty right next to the city center. ICT Center Salo Oy is a limited liability company (Ltd.) founded on 10.12.2009 whose branch of business is a real estates rental and management.  It provides production premises and offices in different sizes as well as conference rooms for companies to rent.  The operating environment in Salo has changed dramatically since the foundation year of 2009 and the situation in the city can be described as poor at the moment. Salo is declared as an area of sudden structural change and this thesis studies what kind of threats and opportunities this structural change provides to the operations of one single case company within the area. Changes in the operating environment were analyzed by using PEST-analysis. As prospects for future are uncertain company's operations were compared to its competitors' operations in order to find out whether ICT Center Salo Oy has the resources to remain competitive in the future.  The result of the analysis reveals that ICT Center Salo Oy has all the required resources that are needed for success in the future but it should increase its advertising in order to attract new customers.
The EU's enlargement and Mediterranean strategies : a comparative analysis
Activities of the government of the Republic of Croatia in the process of European integration
Executive summary.
General guidelines for starting up a new Marinetek production unit : case: Romania
Soviet power and policy
Computational and theoretical studies on lattice thermal conductivity and thermal properties of silicon clathrates
New members in the 'European Community of values'? : the European Union's human rights policy towards the accession countries : a case study of Poland
The projection and limitations of imperial powers, 1618-1850
Studies on the myocardial capillary concentration in cardiac hypertrophy due to training : an experimental study with guinea pigs
EU and NATO enlargement in the Baltic Sea region : October 4, 2002 Riga at Stockholm School of Economics in Riga : conference proceedings
Cyprus and its accession to the European Union
Exploring firm level market knowledge competence and its implications for the speed and success of export expansion : a mixed methodology study from the software industry
The internal factors influencing restaurant owners’  growth decisions : Small and medium restaurants in Xiaogan
Ambivalent neighbors : the EU, NATO and the price of membership
Public policy and the new European agendas
Labour mobility and EU enlargement : a review of current trends and debates
Good to know about EU enlargement
Ukraine in tomorrow's Europe
Rossiâ i Evropejskij Soûz posle rasšireniâ: novye perspektivy i novye problemy = Russia and the European Union after Enlargement: New Prospects and New Problems : materialy Meždunarodnoj naučnoj konferencii, prohodivšej na fakul'tete meždunarodnyh otnošenij Sankt-Peterburgskogo gos. un-ta, 7 oktâbrâ 2005 g.
This thesis deals with the software company's business expansion via reseller channel. The case company is a Finnish software company M-files Oy. Part of the company's core strategy is a strong international growth via reseller channel. M-Files has already resellers in 50 countries and over 2,000 paying customers in 100 countries. Aim of this study is to explore the Swedish software market, as well as possibly find partners in the target country. In addition, the company can use the results of the work when it searches for new international partners from different countries. The research work is a single case study and is divided into theoretical part and an empirical part. The theoretical part presents the software company's business expansion and internationalization via reseller channel. The data were collected using a different literature, articles and internet. The empirical part presents results and conclusions.The study was conducted using a qualitative research method by interviewing Swedish ICT organizations and M-Files staff. The interviews were semi-structured interviews, which were designed to collect comprehensive information on the existing software market in Sweden. The research findings reveal that the Swedish software market is very similar to the Finnish software market. The Swedish market is highly competitive and it consists of global software development companies and small, innovative niche-oriented companies. Software market in Sweden is centralized in southern Sweden. Swedish companies and customers are willing to use new technologies and solutions if they can see that solutions can give real benefits and competitive advantage. This opens up opportunities for new products and services in the Swedish software market. The market is changing in such a way that the information value of the business is valued more than technical solutions.^The study identified a number of characteristics and issues that should take into account when a software company expands business to the Swedish software market. Software companies can also apply methods used in the research when they are analyzing new market areas or business opportunities in a new country.
Rethinking the European Union : IGC 2000 and beyond
EU adjustment to eastern enlargement : Polish and European perspective
The typical dilemma between university expansion and rationalization : Belgium (and Finland) since the 1960s
Euro-Mediterranean integration : the Mediterranean's European challenge. Vol. 3
The European Union accession and animal welfare : an introduction to European animal welfare legislation
Human resource consulting market in Moscow : case: Talentor Group
Entering the Swedish market via reseller channel : case M-files
Two tiers or two speeds? : the European security order and the enlargement of the European Union and Nato
Executive summary (s. 5-7).
Abstract: The main object of this study was to explore the new market areas for the pan-European parcel company, General Logistics Systems (GLS). The study was narrowed to two Baltic countries, Estonia and Latvia. These countries are in interesting phase because of their possible coming EU membership in year 2004. These countries were investigated by using the country analysis, which brings out important points from countries economies, business cultures, infrastructure and political situation. Also the main competitors of this line of business that already operate in Estonia and Latvia are introduced.    The research was based on GLS' common strategy and the way they operate in different countries in Europe. The research focuses to introduce the important points for GLS to take in to consideration when penetrating to these new markets. That way some basic elements that are essential for another company that operates in the same business area were not discussed, as they were irrelevant for the GLS' point of view. Ex. airfreight. Because of that, the study cannot be considered as a general guide for any kind of logistics company.    The basic idea behind the study was to research the conditions and the opportunities to offer such services that GLS offers currently in Finland. The research aims to find out and introduce the best possible partners in both countries for operations like delivery and customs clearance process. These possible partner companies and their operations are also introduced in the study.    The possible future EU membership for Estonia and Latvia and its effects to GLS' operation in these countries is discussed and evaluated in the separate chapter.  The SWOT-analysis gathers together the important points that GLS should take in to consideration when penetrating the Estonian and Latvian markets.
EU enlargement and Baltic Sea security : international symposium organized by The Finnish - Lithuanian Friendship Group in Parliament, The Embassy of Lithuania and The Aleksanteri Institute, 12. October 2000, Parliament "Eduskunta", Helsinki : conference proceedings
Investing and trading in emerging markets : managing the risks
Market research for executiveMBA programme of Tallinn Technical University and Tampere Polytechnic
Cultural enlargement of the European Union : international seminar and 30th anniversary organised by Finnish National Committee, European Cultural Foundation
Enlargement and environment : principles and recommendations from the European Consultative Forum on the Environment and Sustainable Development
Enlargement strategy paper : report on progress towards accession by each of the candidate countries (COM(2000)700)
Governmental support for companies originating from SMOPEG representing different foreign expansion types : comparative study
European integration in the era of the European Union's enlargement and the development of tourism, Malta 22-23 May 2003 = L'intégration européenne à l'ère de l'élargissement de l'Union européenne et le développement du tourisme, Malte 22-23 Mai 2003.
Interlinkages between European Monetary Union and a future  EU enlargement to Central and Eastern Europe
The European Union and the Cyprus conflict : modern conflict, postmodern union
European Union enlargement : a comparative history
The family business growth handbook : a resource for owners, managers, and advisers of family companies
Bitter choices : loyalty and betrayal in the Russian conquest of the North Caucasus
L' Europe, quelles frontières? = What borders for Europe?
Trade potential around the Baltic Rim : a two-model experiment
European competitiveness report 2003 : commission staff working document SEC(2003) 1299
Expanding operations of a parcel company to Estonia and Latvia
The enlargement of the European Communities : a commentary on the treaty and the acts concerning the accession of Denmark, Ireland, and the United Kingdom
Labour mobility : At the eastern border of the enlarging European Union; the Polish-Ukrainian border
Licensing as an international market entry mode : case: Eurodrinks Oy's entering Vietnamese alcoholic beverage market
European integration and the Common Agricultural Policy
Heart volume in human kidney transplantation
Motivating SMEs in Southern Pirkanmaa Region to expand to Russian markets
The effects of structural and environmental factors on the swelling behavior of montmorillonite-beidellite smectites : a molecular dynamics approach
Proceedings of the 2nd international conference Estonia and the European Union, October 18th-20th, 1995, Estonia, Tallinn
Abstract (1 s.). Summary (2 s.).
EU labour markets and immigration connected to enlargement
"Investigates the ramifications of enlarging the size of the European Union, including the effects on policies relating to energy, immigration, security, democracy and the rule of law, and economic development, and how a larger EU would affect NATO and relations with China, Latin America, Russia, and the United States"--Provided by publisher.
Taming the wild field : colonization and empire on the Russian steppe
A Europe of regions and cities : strategies and prospects for EU enlargement
This thesis was written to research the reception of H&M Company entering into South American market by opening their first store in Santiago de Chile. The main object is to find out the reception from the local people, how they have received and responded to H&M opening the first store in Chile and H&M as a company. By studying consumer behavior and customer satisfaction will give us the reception H&M has gotten from Chileans. As secondary objectives, questions such as why H&M chose to open their first in Chile, and not in other South American countries, and has it been the right choice, will also be studied as a background support. A retail company like H&M, is dependent on consumers and its customers. The company exists to offer products for consumers. The company?s profit is dependent on customers. Therefore, understanding consumer behavior and knowing customer satisfaction is the most essential for H&M. This study will also be touching slightly of other subjects as in marketing and global expansion as they overlap with the brand H&M and consumer behavior. Thus for this study, both qualitative method and quantitative method have been chosen, but the main research approach was still by using quantitative method. The questionnaire was sent to potential participants in Chile, who have visited H&M in Chile. Existing literature is used to reveal studies on consumer behavior and internalization. The theoretical framework and research data will be analyzed and to form conclusion the answer the research question.
SPQR : a history of ancient Rome
Trade policies and integration : evaluations with CGE models
Market research for a German retailer of East European food products : case: Mix-Markt GmbH
The expansion of Russia
Russia's protectorates in Central Asia : Bukhara and Khiva, 1865-1924
Hammer Snowboards' market entry to Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania
FAO diversification booklet
French language-spread policy in Europe : European institutions and the 2004 and 2007 Eastern enlargements
The enlargement of the European Union and NATO : ordering from the menu in Central Europe
