http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6894 stream of consciousness
stream of consciousness
Own death
" 'I am writing to a rhythm and not to a plot', Virginia Woolf stated of her eighth novel, The Waves. Widely regarded as one of her greatest and most original works, it conveys the rhythms of life in synchrony with the cycle of nature and the passage of time. Six children - Bernard, Susan, Rhoda, Neville, Jinny and Louis - meet in a garden close to the sea, their voices sounding over the constant echo of the waves that roll back and forth from the shore. The subsequent continuity of these six main characters, as they develop from childhood to maturity and follow different passions and ambitions, is interspersed with interludes from the timeless and unifying chorus of nature. In pure stream-of-consciousness style, Woolf presents a cross-section of multiple yet parallel lives, each marked by the disintegrating force of a mutual tragedy. The Waves is her searching exploration of individual and collective identity, and the observations and emotions of life, from the simplicity and surging optimism of youth to the vacancy and despair of middle-age." -- (Back Cover)
The Great Gatsby
Mrs Dalloway's party : a short story sequence
Inland Empire
Soul Mountain
Narrative, interrupted : the plotless, the disturbing and the trivial in literature
Joyce-tick : Finnish readings of Joyce's major works
The Waves
The possibilities and limitations of phenomenological literary analysis
Beneath the neon egg
Orlando ; Mrs Dalloway ; To the lighthouse
To the lighthouse
Virginia Woolf : the patterns of ordinary experience
Transparent minds : narrative modes for presenting consciousness in fiction
The waves
Finnish summary.
The engineering of being : an ontological approach to J. H. Prynne
The hypothetical in literature : emotion and emplotment
The sound and the fury
The human script : a novel in 23 chromosomes
Adventures of a japanese businessman
Ulysses
"London, at the end of the First World War, basks in the summer heat, and Clarissa - Mrs Dalloway - prepares for one of her charming evening parties. Yet as the evening approaches, the unexpected arrival from India of her first lover Peter Walsh, triggers vivid memories of the past until, piece by piece, Clarissa brings to the surface the story of her life, of childhood dreams, and the row so many years ago that precipitated her uneventful marriage. She is suddenly and startlingly aware of the force of life going on around her; of Septimus Warren Smith going quietly mad with shell-shock; of her daughter Elizabeth, almost now a woman, and of Peter, unaltered, yet changed as she feels herself to be. In 'Mrs Dalloway', Virginia Woolf reveals the differences in the way people think and see and treat one another, brilliantly evoking the feel of the time and, through the eyes of each character, the feel of life itself." -- (Back Cover)
Molly Bloom's Solilogy
How it is
Mrs. Dalloway
Pilcrow : {novel}
The principles of uncertainty
Soul mountain
Mrs Dalloway
In the heart of the country
Monologues for calculating the density of black holes
Visions of Cody
The great Gatsby
The stream of consciousness : scientific investigations into the flow of human experience
James Joyce and after : writer and time
Stream of consciousness in the modern novel
Mrs. Dalloway is a novel by Virginia Woolf that details a day in the life of Clarissa Dalloway, a fictional high-society woman in post-World War I England. It is one of Woolf's best-known novels.
Ulysses : [a reader's edition]
On the art of bathing, a Berlin bath journey
Mind, brain and narrative
"Narratives enable readers to vividly experience fictional and non-fictional contexts. Writers use a variety of language features to control these experiences: they direct readers in how to construct contexts, how to draw inferences and how to identify the key parts of a story. Writers can skilfully convey physical sensations, prompt emotional states, effect moral responses and even alter the readers' attitudes. Mind, Brain and Narrative examines the psychological and neuroscientific evidence for the mechanisms which underlie narrative comprehension. The authors explore the scientific developments which demonstrate the importance of attention, counterfactuals, depth of processing, perspective and embodiment in these processes. In so doing, this timely, interdisciplinary work provides an integrated account of the research which links psychological mechanisms of language comprehension to humanities work on narrative and style"--
