http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6896 continental drifts
continental drifts
Understanding earth
The evolving continents
The continental drift controversy. Vol. 4, Evolution into plate tectonics
Sedimentology of the Mesoproterozoic Telemark basin-fills, South Norway : implications for sedimentation processes, depositional environments and tectonic evolution
Supercontinent : ten billion years in the life of our planet
Genesis and emplacement of carbonatites and lamprophyres in the Svecofennian Domain
Tectonics, climate, and landscape evolution
The continental drift controversy. Vol. 2, Paleomagnetism and confirmation of drift
New views on an old planet : a history of global change
The interior of the Earth
Implications of continental drift to the earth sciences : NATO advanced study institute, April 1972, the University of Newcastle upon Tyne. 1
Debate about the earth : approach to geophysics through analysis of continental drift
Plates, plumes, and paradigms
Postglacial deformation of the Fennoscandian crust
Earthquakes
The continental drift controversy. Vol. 1, Wegener and the Early Debate
Tectonic evolution of Southeast Asia
The solid earth : an introduction to global geophysics
Continents in motion : the new earth debate
Paleobiogeography : [using fossils to study global change, plate tectonics, and evolution]
Research on the past climate and continental drift. Volume 5, The shiftings in pole-positions with diastrophisms since the end of the Creataceous, and the accompanying drift of continents
Debate about the earth : approach to geophysics through snalysis of continental drift
Outline of the geology of the Bohemian Massif : the basement rocks and their carboniferous and permian cover
"Resolution of the sixty year debate over continental drift, culminating in the triumph of plate tectonics, changed the very fabric of Earth Science. This three-volume treatise on the continental drift controversy is the first complete history of the origin, debate and gradual acceptance of this revolutionary theory. Based on extensive interviews, archival papers and original works, Frankel weaves together the lives and work of the scientists involved, producing an accessible narrative for scientists and non-scientists alike. This first volume covers the period in the early 1900s when Wegener first pointed out that the Earth's major landmasses could be fitted together like a jigsaw and went on to propose that the continents had once been joined together in a single landmass, which he named Pangaea. It describes the reception of Wegener's theory as it splintered into sub-controversies and geoscientists became divided between the 'fixists' and 'mobilists'"--
4-D framework of continental crust
Earth accretionary systems in space and time
Historical geology : evolution of the earth and life through time
Earth
The continental drift controversy. Vol. 3, Introduction of seafloor spreading
Palaeomagnetic evidence for the drift of the Fennoscandian shield
Restless earth : a report on the new geology
Biological relationships between Africa and South America
Plate tectonics : unraveling the mysteries of the earth
