http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6903 work with disabled people
work with disabled people
No victory without a network
Raising employment levels of people with disabilities : the common challenge : Commission staff working paper
Controversial issues in a disabling society
Making workplaces accessible : a guide to integration
English summary.
Routledge handbook of disability studies
Great interactions : "it ain't what you do... it's the way that you do it"
Social work : disabled people and disabling environments
Disabled policy : America's programs for the handicapped : a twentieth century fund report
Label us able : a pro-active evaluation of Finnish development co-operation from the disability perspective
Partnerships in family care
In search of effective disability policy : comparing the developements [sic] and outcomes of the Dutch and Danish disability policies
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2005
Transforming disability into ability : policies to promote work and income security for disabled people
Portugal : trabalho e solidariedade : uma visão de conjunto = Portugal : labour and solidarity : an overview = Portugal : travail et solidarité : une vue d'ensemble
Guidance note on disability and development for European Union Delegations and Services
Technology as a part of care service production : concept design case for Wiktio
Active support : enabling and empowering people with intellectual disabilities
"Social Work and Disability offers a contemporary and critical exploration of social work practice with people with physical and sensory impairments, an area that has previously been marginalized within both practice and academic literature. The book explores how social work practice can, and indeed does, contribute to the promotion of disabled people's rights and the securing of positive outcomes in their lives. The book begins by exploring the ways in which disability is understood and how this informs policy and practice. Opening with a thought-provoking account of the lived experience of a disabled person using social work services, it goes on to critically analyse theory, policy and contemporary legislative change. Inequality, oppression and diversity are the focus of the second section of the book, whilst the remainder offers an in-depth exploration of the social work practice issues in disability settings, including work with children, adults and safeguarding.Service-user and carer perspectives, case profiles, reflective activities and suggestions for further reading are included throughout the book. Social Work and Disability will be essential reading for social work students and practitioners. It will also be of interest to service-users and carers, students on health and social care courses, third sector practitioners and advocates."
Elite athletes with disabilities: aiming high
World report on disability
Home care nursing services : international lessons
Understanding disability : from theory to practice
Government Report on Disability Policy 2006.
Social work and disability
Employment and empowerment : co-operation between disabled people's organisations of Finland and Karelia = Rabota i nezavisimaâ žizn' : sotrudničestvo Karel'skih i Finskih organizacij lûdej s invalidnost'û
Working and caring : developments at the workplace for family carers of disabled and older people
Claiming and framing in the making of care policies : the recognition and redistribution of care
International comparative study on disability policy and programs in Asia and the Pacific, 21st century
Making a European welfare state? : convergences and conflicts over European social policy
International comparative study on disability policies and programs in the 21st century in Asia and the Pacific
Evaluation : Fidida : an example of outsourced service 2004-2008
Life beyond the classroom : transition strategies for young people with disabilities
Adapted physical activity in rehabilitating work activity for adults with intellectual disability : case Monituote
Towards equality : creation of the disability movement in Central Asia
Learning disability : a life cycle approach to valuing people
PhD study on disability and international intervention in Central Asia
Families raising disabled children : enabling care and social justice
Resistance, reflection and change : Nordic disability research
Protective Measures in Working with People with Intellectual Disabilities : Carers' Views on Protective Measures and Client Participation
Abstract (s. 3). Summary (s. 8-9).
Development of work processes in the institutions for people with an intellectual disability
Disability and impairment : working with children and families
Reforming worker protections: disability pensions in transformation
Good practice in employment of people with disabilities : compendium
Disability management : a complete system to reduce costs, increase productivity, meet employee needs, and ensure legal compliance
Handbook for assessing and managing care in the community
Summary (s. 7-8) : Services for people with intellectual disabilities in 2004.
Routines-based early intervention : supporting young children and their families
The short guide to social work
Spinal cord injuries : management and rehabilitation
"The Routledge Handbook of Disability Studies takes a multidisciplinary approach to disability and provides an authoritative and up-to-date overview of the main issues in the field around the world today. Adopting an international perspective and consisting entirely of newly commissioned chapters arranged thematically, it surveys the state of the discipline, examining emerging and cutting edge areas as well as core areas of contention. Divided in five sections, this comprehensive handbook covers: Different models and approaches to disability How key impairment groups have engaged with disability studies and the writings within the discipline Policy and legislation responses to disability studies and to disability activism Disability studies and its interaction with other disciplines, such as history, philosophy and science and technology studies Disability studies and different life experiences, examining how disability and disability studies intersects with ethnicity, sexuality, gender, childhood and ageing. Containing chapters from an international selection of leading scholars, this authoritative handbook is an invaluable reference for all academics, researchers and more advanced students in disability studies and associated disciplines such as sociology, health studies and social work"--Provided by publisher.
Ageing with a lifelong disability : a guide to practice, program, and policy issues for human services professionals
Abstract.
Co-operatives for the disabled : organisation and development : proceedings, conclusions and recommendations of a seminar on the organisation and development ... held in Warsaw, Poland, from 4 to 19 October 1977.
The body silent
Social role valorization and the English experience
Disability and social change : private lives and public policies
Abstract: The object of this bachelor's thesis was to study the prevalence of actualized protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior as well as to clarify carers' views on protective measures and client participation, and whether there are possibilities for empowerment. The setting for the study was Kuusela, a department offering care, guidance and rehabilitation to adults with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior. The theoretical framework for this study was based on values of the social field and the operating environment of Kuusela and how empowerment can be reached through participation and the right to subjectivity, self-determination, and dialog. Methods in acquiring the essential information were both qualitative and quantitative. Data on the prevalence of actualized protective measures was gathered through a documentary analysis. Data on carers' views on protective measures and client participation were gathered through a questionnaire consisting of a set of questions that were to be answered according to the Likert scale. The questionnaire also included two open-ended questions that required a written answer. The data were analysed according to qualitative content analysis. The results showed that the number of actualized protective measures had decreased from the year 2008 to 2010. Results on the carers' views showed that protective measures are needed and justified in their work. Although they seem conscious of the inhabitants' right to participatory working methods, it was not seen clearly in the everyday life. Obstacles in the implementation of this right were seen as being related to the inhabitants' shortcomings and the carers' attitudes and know-how. It can be concluded that continuous reflection on values and models of action is needed in order for the inhabitants' participation to be respected and implemented and for empowerment to be possible. The results showed that learning by living should be heightened through open professional discussions. The inhabitants' shortcomings should be dealt with in a professional manner and attitudes and knowledge on addressing these shortcomings should be dealt with through discussion and possibly through further training.
Activating the unemployed : a comparative appraisal of work-oriented policies
Transforming disability welfare policies : towards work and equal opportunities
Protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities: carers' views on protective measures and client participation
Employment and people with disabilities : report of the special meeting of the High-Level Group on Disability, Brussels, 15 October 1997
Social work practice and intellectual disability
Social work with disabled people
Life course of Finnish persons with intellectual disabilities born 1898-1960 : a 35-year follow-up study
Summary on Finnish.
