http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6902 child-related work
child-related work
Children and young people who sexually abuse others : current developments and practice responses
Because I am a girl : the state of the world's girls 2007.
Economizing the reluctant welfare state : new rationales for child care in the United States in the 21st century
Child labor and human rights : making children matter
Diaries of family workers: empowerment and working with families with children
Kisses from Katie : a story of relentless love and redemption
Community volunteers in Japan : everyday stories of social change
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Child and family assessment in social work practice
Feminism and voluntary action : Eglantyne Jebb and Save the Children, 1876-1928
Rethinking residential child care : positive perspectives
Working with children and young people : co-constructing practice
Historical and present-day child labour : is there a gap or a bridge between them?
Lincoln in the bardo : a novel
The welfare of children with mentally ill parents : learning from inter-country comparisons
Early Interaction in Kiasma's Babies Play with Colour Workshops : A Survey on Parents' Perceptions
Integrated children's services
Quality measurement in early childhood settings
The anthropology of childhood : cherubs, chattel, changelings
The role of international law in the elimination of child labor
Empowering social work : research and practice
What is it that makes some children bully and some become victims? What can you do if despite your best efforts, a child keeps on taunting another? What steps can you take before communicating with parents and what will you say? The practice of bullying endures in all schools today. Despite the implementation of bullying policies, parents and staff can be equally perplexed: not really understanding what they have or haven't done to allow it to happen. Christine Macintyre explores this highly emotive topic, asking why as many as one in 12 school children are bullying victims, and will show in a highly practical way, what can be done to support the children and help staff improve their own practice. This book will provide help and guidance on: enhancing the self-esteem of the affected children, showing how new-found confidence will enable children to offset the effects of being bullied or indeed being a bully; how to tell parents their child is bullying or being bullied, and how to build up a meaningful and mutually supportive relationship with them; and, creating a learning environment that prevents the desire for children to bully. Based on case studies giving first hand accounts of real-life situations, and evaluations of strategies that have been tried and tested, this book suggests fresh and inspiring ways of tackling a problem faced by many practitioners today.
Nonprofit organizations and the web : case stydy : redesigning sos-lapsikyla.fi
The impact of child placement on family bonds among parents
Taking a strengths-based approach, this book looks at ways practitioners can enhance children's wellbeing by identifying protective factors and positive ways of working with children and their families. Grounded in research yet accessible, the strategies presented will help to encourage positive behaviour and promote emotional and mental wellbeing.
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Legal ideals and normative realities : a case study of children's rights and child labor activity in Paraguay
From needs to competencies : a case study on the integration of a rights based approach into NGO practises
Ten Commandments in a Child's Everyday Life : A tool for an Educator to Support a Child's Moral Development
Developing practical skills for nursing children and young people
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Third culture kids' career choices and mission call
In search of the rainbow : pathways to quality in large-scale programmes for young disadvantaged children
Child labour : policy options
Abstract (s. 4) .
Champions for children : the lives of modern child care pioneers
Pain, normality, and the struggle for congruence : reinterpreting residential care for children and youth
Nepalese child labourers' life-contexts, cognitive skills and well-being
Promotion of child growth in Vietnam : case study: an application of the PRECEDE-PROCEED-model to assess needs for an intervention
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Centuries of child labour : European experiences from the seventeenth to the twentieth century
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
Compulsory child labour : parish paupers as indentured servants in Finland, c. 1810-1920
Child welfare : historical dimensions, contemporary debate
The art and practice of home visiting : early intervention for children with special needs and their families
Communication skills for working with children and young people : introducing social pedagogy
Ten commandments in a child's everyday life: a tool for an educator to support a child's moral development
From street to hope : faith based and secular programs in Los Angeles, Mumbai, and Nairobi for street living children
From early child development to human development : investing in our children's future
Supporting Family Coping in Paediatric Intensive Care
Postoperative pain management in hospitalized children : focus on non-pharmacological pain relieving methods from the viewpoints of nurses, parents and children
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Child labour : a multi-disciplinary review
Hidden hands : international perspectives on children's work and labour
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Children's rights on Finland's agenda : annual report of the Ombudsman for children 2010.
The Welfare of Children with Mentally Ill Parents examines the interventions made by professional workers from a range of different disciplines in families with dependent children and a mentally ill parent. The authors compare responses of professionals in ten European countries and one state in Australia. The analysis of the differences sheds new light on both the inherent and system-determined difficulties in helping families to manage their situation effectively. Features the only comparative study of mental health social services and the law governing compulsory hospital admission Covers a current "hot-button" topic that is growing in importance as the impact of social policy developments on children over time becomes more apparent Offers a unique perspective due to the focus on the impact of children of mentally ill parents and the international systems that deal with child protection.
Shared agency and collaboration between the family and professionals in medical rehabilitation of children with severe disabilities
Street children and services : a qualitative study of street children in the context of service delivery system in Bangladesh
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
The objective of this paper is to describe the survey on third culture kids' (TCKs') career choices and mission call. The survey aimed to find out how international childhood has influenced the choices of education and profession, how many third culture kids choose a missionary career, and which factors contribute to those choices. The data is based on responses of 48 Finnish and American adult missionary kids. The theoretical background is derived from studies on third culture kids, interviews, and biographies. It suggests that the years spent abroad have a significant impact on adult third culture kids' life choices. The survey results confirm that. The third culture kids have higher education than their peers and most pursue a college or university degree. Most third culture kids choose a profession with an international dimension and practical application abroad. Almost half of the missionary kids wish to become or have become missionaries themselves, and another third wishes to live and work abroad..
At what cost was economic modernization purchased? : comparing chuild labor in Asian and Europe
Imagined orphans : poor families, child welfare, and contested citizenship in London
Hybrids in temporary institutional care : Children with an immigrant background in municipal temporary institutional care in Greater-Helsinki.
Child abuse : an interactional event
"How are children raised in different cultures? What is the role of children in society? How are families and communities structured around them? Now available in a revised edition, this book sets out to answer these questions, and argues that our common understandings about children are narrowly culture-bound. Enriched with anecdotes from ethnography and the daily media, the book examines family structure, reproduction, profiles of children's caretakers within family or community, their treatment at different ages, their play, work, schooling, and transition to adulthood. The result is a nuanced and credible picture of childhood in different cultures, past and present. Organised developmentally, moving from infancy through to adolescence and early adulthood, this new edition reviews and catalogues the findings of over 100 years of anthropological scholarship dealing with childhood and adolescence, drawing on over 750 newly added sources, and engaging with newly emerging issues relevant to the world of childhood today"--
Early childhood development in Albania
Social work with children and families : getting into practice
Integrated working with children and young people : supporting development from birth to nineteen
The Cynon Valley project : investing in the future
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Signs of safety : a solution and safety oriented approach to child protection
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done in co-operation with the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland (LEAF). The aim of the thesis was to provide a tool for Sunday school teachers and other educators to support a childʼs moral development. The moral view in the Ten Commandments in a Childʼs Everyday Life curriculum is based on the Bible and Lutheran doctrine about the Ten Commandments. As the main method the curriculum presents ten imaginative stories from the everyday lives of children, giving examples of how the Commandments could be encountered in a childʼs life. In addition, the curriculum provides paper puppets with background scenes and symbol cards to go along with the stories, as well as suggestions for the teachers for songs and crafts.   The theoretical framework of this thesis is the moral development of children. The different parts of the curriculum have been planned to teach the Ten Commandments through methods that are suitable for children under seven years old. The aim of keeping the full Lutheran Catechismal form of the Commandments set a real challenge for the curriculum targeting children of a wide age range. Therefore, the curriculum was developed even further during the process of the thesis to better meet the developmental needs of different age groups.   The product was tested in two testing rounds in several different groups: in the first round in a LEAFʼs family camp and in one Sunday school group, in the second round in two LEAFʼs Sunday school groups. Based on the feedback received from the second round of testing, the material was found to be supportive for the moral development of children. However, the whole extent of the curriculum was not tested in the second round. Therefore, the feedback cannot be fully applied to the material.   The tool also received developmental ideas that were not implemented as a part of this thesis process. However, these ideas can be used as the starting point for further development in the future. The feedback gave ideas for how the curriculum could be developed to make it even more suitable for the youngest children in the group. Ideas were also given to make the material more organized and manageable for such a short lesson time.
First generation factory children : child labour in textile manufacturing in nineteenth-century Finland
Children's emotions in policy and practice : mapping and making spaces of childhood
The concept of child labour of the International Labour Organisation
Working with children, young people and families
Children in the Muslim Middle East
Domestic violence and protecting children : new thinking and approaches
Assessing progress in Africa toward the millennium development goals : MDG report 2013 : food security in Africa : issues, challenges and lessons
The integrated children's system : enhancing social work recording and inter-agency practice
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2013 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2013 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2013
Cancer pain relief and palliative care in children
European industrialization and child labor
Law and ethics in children's nursing
The evaluator's cookbook : exercises for participatory evaluation with children and young people
Empowering Intercultural Dialogue in Child Protection : Co-designing Information Material with Professionals and Immigrants
Children and "the right to factory work" : child labour legislation in nineteenth-century Finland
Orphans in Ethiopia and the role of schooling and NGOs : case study in an international NGO's orphanage in rural Ethiopia
"Eglantyne Jebb was a teacher, social investigator and founder of the Save the Children Fund. Her "Declaration of the Rights of the Child," adopted by League of Nations, shows evolution from Charity Organization Society model to philosophy of international mutual responsibility, childrens rights and humanitarianism"--Provided by publisher.
Case studies in child, adolescent, and family treatment
The spirit of youth and the city streets
Extralearning : new opportunities for the out of school hours
Shadows of voluntourism and the connection to orphanage business in Asia and Cambodia
Brain oscillatory responses, working memory and cognitive delopmental stages in 11- 14 -year old children : an ERD/ERS study
Children in Europe
The world of child labor : an historical and regional survey
Illustrated textbook of paediatrics
Paediatric emergency triage, assessment and treatment : care of critically ill children : updated guideline
The book thief
Abstract: Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project.
The short guide to social work
Re-imagining child protection : towards humane social work with families
Social work with children and families
Accelerating action against child labour : global report under the follow-up to the ILO declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work
Teachers in Christian education : report of a survey on the LWF member churches
Holiday crafts : 50 projects for year-round family fun
Child & family assessment in social work practice
Children and the capability approach
Resource-enhancing nursing at home for families with small children : evaluation of early interventions
Evidence-based child health care
The joy of reading handbook : improving reading motivation and multiliteracy through collaboration between schools and libraries
A Finland fit for children : the National Finnish Plan of Action called for the special session on children of the UN General Assembly
History of child labor in Finland
The child and family in context : developing ecological practice in disadvantaged communities
This book offers a contribution to current debates on child labor. It also presents child labor as a problem to which various branches of international law have made a response. It treats a broad range of international law sub-disciplines, and analyses child labor in the context of social, economic and cultural issues.
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Phonological working memory and L2 knowledge : Finnish children learning English
The Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture was organized by Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) in cooperation with International Labour Organization (ILO) to generate inputs and guidance to the contents and process of developing guidance materials on policy and practice in tackling child labour in fisheries and aquaculture. In order to promote awareness on and effective implementation of the relevant UN and ILO conventions on the right of the child and child labour, workshop participants reviewed the nature, incidence and causes of child labour in fisheries, fish processing and aquaculture, examined the different forms and types of child labour in both large and small-scale and artisanal fishing operations, shellfish gathering, aquaculture, seafood processing, and work on board fishing vessels and fishing platforms, examined the health and safety hazards of fishing and aquaculture, including the use of hazardous technologies and relevant alternatives, and shared examples of good practice in the progressive elimination of child labour drawn from various sectors and regions. Child labour often reinforces a vicious cycle of poverty and has a negative impact on literacy rates and school attendance and limits children's mental and physical health and development. The workshop participants agreed on a series of recommendations relating to legal and enforcement measures, policy interventions and practical actions including risk assessments to address child labour issues in fisheries and aquaculture. FAO and ILO were called upon for priority actions to assist governments in withdrawing trafficked children and to effectively prohibit slavery and forced labour. Awareness raising among all stakeholders and the preparation of guidance materials were also prioritized by workshop participants. Gender issues needed to be considered in all actions and issues adequately addressed relating to discrimination and exclusion of fishing communities, castes, tribal and indigenous peoples, and ethnic minorities in fisheries and aquaculture.
Child abuse : new directions in prevention and treatment across the lifespan
Casework in child care
How to Treat a Paediatric Patient with Burns
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
Residential child care : collaborative practice
Family support : direction from diversity
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Report of the FAO Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture in Cooperation with ILO : Rome, 14-16 April 2010.
Children's work in the livestock sector : herding and beyond
Promoting child and parent wellbeing : how to use evidence- and strengths-based strategies in practice
Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project
Walking this path together : anti-racist and anti-oppressive child welfare practice
Children at work in Kenya
100+ fun ideas for art activities : that are easy to prepare and that children will love
In this volume, the authors present an overview of the innovative work taking place in relation to domestic violence and child protection. This book looks at new prevention initiatives and how interventions for children exposed to domestic violence have been developed. It shows how services for abusive fathers have evolved and provides discussion and critique of a number of new initiatives in the field of interagency risk assessment. With international perspectives and examples drawn from social care, health care and voluntary sectors, this book brings together established ideas with recent thinking to provide an authoritative summary of current domestic violence and child protection practice. As a valuable source of guidance on how to work safely with children living with domestic violence, this is a key reference for social workers, health professionals and policy makers.
Promoting evidence-based practice in early childhood education : research and its implications
Working with children in groups : a handbook for counsellors, educators and community workers
A textbook of children's and young people's nursing
Good practice in safeguarding children : working effectively in child protection
Working children in the informal sector in Managua
Trafficking in children in Lapland in the 19th century
Critical social work with children and families : theory, context and practice
Social work reclaimed : innovative frameworks for child and family social work practice
The diverse impacts of the neoliberal social policies on children's welfare and social work with young people : the Finnish perspective
Courage and strength : creative work with children
Professionalization and participation in child and youth care : challenging understandings in theory and practice
Building solutions in child protective series
Childhood under siege : how big business ruthlessly targets children
Consuming the Congo : war and conflict minerals in the world's deadliest place
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2012 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2012 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2012
The K. School : residential management of troublesome girls in transition-time Estonia
A will of their own : cross-cultural perspectives on working children
