http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6913 infanticide
infanticide
Nefarious crimes, contested justice : illicit sex and infanticide in the Republic of Venice
She was just 17, a high school dropout named Milly Jones, found walking down the middle of the highway, engulfed in flames. Even in a tough Mississippi county like Tibbehah, it shatters the community, and it is up to Sheriff Quinn Colson, back on the job after a year away, and his deputy Lillie Virgil, to investigate what happened, and why. Before long, however, accusations start to fly; national media and federal authorities descend; and what seemed like a senseless act of violence begins to appear like something even more disturbing - with more victims waiting in the shadows.
A taint in the blood
Arctic chill
More than scapegoating : the therapeutic potential of stories of child-killing demons in ancient Greece and Rome
Hallowe'en party
Shutter island
Understanding homicide
The Butcher Bird
Oswald de Lacy is growing up fast in his new position as Lord of Somershill Manor. The Black Death changed many things, and just as it took away his father and elder brothers, leaving Oswald to be recalled from the monastery where he expected to spend his life, so it has taken many of his villagers and servants. However, there is still the same amount of work to be done in the farms and fields, and the few people left to do it think they should be paid more -- something the King himself has forbidden. Just as anger begins to spread, the story of the Butcher Bird takes flight. People claim to have witnessed a huge creature in the skies. A new-born baby is found impaled on a thorn bush. And then more children disappear. Convinced the bird is just a superstitious rumour, Oswald must discover what is really happening. From the plague-ruined villages of Kent to the thief-infested streets of London and the luxurious bedchamber of a bewitching lady, Oswald's journey is full of danger, dark intrigue and shocking revelations.
Summary: Crime in history.
Bare bones
Plain truth
Distorted bodies and suffering souls : women in Australian fiction, 1984-1994
Truth, power, and lies : Irish society and the case of the Kerry babies
The exposure of infants among Jews and Christians in antiquity
Giving of the soul : the history of infanticide
The stonecutter
Traditional African medicine and western medicine and infant health in Ghana
New-born child murder : women, illegitimacy and the courts in eighteenth-century England
A history of infanticide in Britain, c. 1600 to the present
Child murder and British culture, 1720-1900
Cold granite
Euthanasia and the newborn : conflicts regarding saving lives
The psychology of female violence : crimes against the body
Medico-legal aspects of reproduction and parenthood
The reversal
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
One quarter of humanity : Malthusian mythology and Chinese realities, 1700-2000
The child who
Forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan examines the bodies of three babies while Detective Ryan investigates their mother in a case with ties to the high-stakes world of diamond mining / WorldCat.
Infanticide in eighteenth-century Sweden
Weep not for me : women, ballads, and infanticide in early modern Scotland
The little friend
The lonely mother and shame : what do infanticides and illegitimate mothers tell about community?
The Little friend
Come with daddy : child murder-suicide after family breakdown
The baby of Mâcon
Arctic Chill
Travels in the scriptorium
Think of the children
Drowning girls in China : female infanticide since 1650
The innocents
A heart-stopping debut thriller about a woman named Freedom, who will stop at nothing to save the daughter she only knew for two minutes and seventeen seconds. Call me what you will: a murderer, a cop killer, a fugitive, a drunk. There's a lot people don't know about Freedom Oliver. They know she works at the local bar. They know she likes a drink or two. What they don't know is that Freedom is not her real name. That she has spent the last eighteen years living under Witness Protection, after being arrested for her husband's murder. They don't know that she put her two children up for adoption, a decision that haunts her every day. Then Freedom's daughter goes missing, and everything changes. Determined to find her, Freedom slips her handlers and heads to Kentucky where her kids were raised. No longer protected by the government, she is tracked by her husband's sadistic family, who are thirsty for revenge. But as she gets closer to the truth, Freedom faces an even more dangerous threat. She just doesn't know it yet.
Child murderess and dead child traditions : a comparative study
Infanticide : historical perspectives on child murder and concealment, 1550-2000
Finnish neonaticides 1980-2000
The Mao case
City of bones
Summary: A predetermined truth : infanticide and accomplice in 18th century Finland through gender, body and social control.
True story : murder, memoir, mea culpa
Freedom's child
The blessed and the damned : sinful women and unbaptised children in Irish folklore
