http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6910 war children
war children
War games
War child : children caught in conflict
Abstract.
I never saw another butterfly : children's drawings and poems from Terezín concentration camp, 1942-1944
War games : two stories
This war of mine : the little ones : PS4
Hana's suitcase : a true story
Girl from the train
Grey souls
Europe's children : 1939 to 1943
Children and war : proceedings of symposium at Siuntio Baths, Finland 24.3.-27.3.1983
A long way gone : memoirs of a boy soldier
To my daughter in France ..
No place to be a child : growing up in a war zone
Childhood and its discontents : the first Seamus Heaney lectures
Flora and Grace
The night wanderers : Uganda's children and The Lord's Resistance Army
Churchill's children : the evacuee experience in wartime Britain
A horse called Hero
Lincoln in the bardo : a novel
The lost children : reconstructing Europe's families after World War II
The Kirilov star
A band of steel
Elementary education and children's lives during the Second World War in Finland
Witnesses of war : children's lives under the Nazis
The book thief
They fight like soldiers, they die like children
Children and war : political socialization to international conflict
This war of mine : the little ones : Xbox One
The spy game
Child soldiers : from violence to protection
A scholar's tale : intellectual journey of a displaced child of Europe
Young soldiers : why they choose to fight
The special protection of children and child soldiers : a principle and its application
Early temporary separation from parents in childhood and self-reported psychiatric problems in old age : The Helsinki Birth Cohort Study
Noah's Child
In the firing line : war and children's rights
The child in the eye of the storm - unveiling the war child syndrome
The English German girl
Education and warfare in Europe
Noah's child
The grand journey of Mr. Man
Children's exodus : a history of the Kindertransport
Unaccompanied children : care and protection in wars, natural disasters, and refugee movements
All the light we cannot see : a novel
Child soldiers : from recruitment to reintegration
Childhood under conflict : the attitudes and emotional life of Israeli and Palestinian children
A day in the life of a world war II evacuee
Fatelessness : a novel
The hanging garden
The lion and the unicorn
Martha's journey
Peter in peril : courage and hope in World War Two
The whale that fell in love with a submarine
Year of the jungle
Carrie's war
Ender's shadow
Through the eyes of innocents : children witness World War II
Children and violence : nature, consequences and interventions
Abandoned children
Samir and Yonatan
Early life stress and later health : ‡b cardiovascular disease and general health among former war evacuees
Childhood memories of war and displacement : memory construction as lifelong learning
A young disabled girl and her brother are evacuated from London to the English countryside during World War II, where they find life to be much sweeter away from their abusive mother / WorldCat.
Europe's children 1939 to 1943
Little black lies
Early life stress and later health : cardiovascular disease and general health among former war evacuees
Boy soldiers of the great war :  their own stories for the first time
Least among saints
Childhood in the shadow of war : filled with work and play
A mother's hope
Ivan's childhood
"Once a jolly swagman..." : essays on migration in honour of Olavi Koivukangas on his 60th birthday
Iyǒ island
Essays on human capital development, wage dynamics and religious participation
Ordinary heroes
Heir to Sevenwaters
From steamer to "car ferry"
In September 1939 nearly 400,000 children were evacuated from London, followed by many more from other cities in the UK. Many of them were unaccompanied, and for most it was the first time away from home and their parents. Yet this well-known disruption of childhood was a drop in the ocean compared to the effect of conflict on children throughout the world. Children have always been the victims of war, and this fascinating new history examines the effects of conflict on the Russian War Children during the Leningrad Siege, children in Germany during the Holocaust and the children in more recent conflicts in West Africa, among many others. Taking first-hand accounts from survivors, diaries and authentic war documents, this eye-opening history reflects the untold story of hundreds of thousands of children whose lives were affected by the horrors of war. It covers children in UK and overseas including Germany and the influence of the Hitler Youth, the movement of Finnish children to Sweden, children of the Leningrad Siege, Dutch collaborators, Vietnam War and present-day West Africa. It also uses first-hand accounts and diaries.
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
Children of World War II : the hidden enemy legacy
The children's Civil War
A thousand splendid suns
God grew tired of us :  a memoir
Between 1939 and 1945 some 80,000 Finnish children were sent to Sweden, Denmark, and elsewhere, ostensibly to protect them from danger while their nation's soldiers fought superior Soviet and German forces. This was the largest of all World War II children's transports, and although acknowledged today as "a great social-historical mistake" it has received surprisingly little attention. This is the first English-language account of Finland's war children and their experiences, told through the survivors' own words. Supported by an extensive introduction, a bibliography of secondary sources, and over two dozen photographs, this book testifies to the often lifelong traumas endured by youthful survivors of war.
The war that saved my life
Children's colonies
Children of wartime
Say you're one of them
To the bomb and back : Finnish war children tell their World War II stories
Child soldier : when boys and girls are used in war
