http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6928 Aphids
Aphids
Resistance of plants to the pea aphid, Acyrthosiphon pisum Harris (Hom., Aphididae). IV. Fecundity on different alsike and white clover varieties
Rearing of Aphidoletes aphidimyza (Diptera, Cecidomyiidae) on greenbugs
Aphids on the world's trees : an identification and information guide
Animals as forest pests in Finnish Lapland
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Homoptera: Aphidoidea. Pt. 5, Subfamily Drepanosiphinae
Early warning system for insect migration using weather radars
Abstract.
Importance of generalist epigeal predator species in a cereal field : predation on baits
Plant-aphid interactions : studies of cyanogenic glucosides and aphid-induced responses in Hordeum vulgare
Monograph of the British Aphides. Vol. 3
Herdsmen ants and their mealybug partners
Ant-aphid interaction and territorial dynamics of wood ants
Atlas of the drepanosiphine aphids of the world. Part II, Panaphidini Oestlund, 1923- Panaphidina Oestlund, 1923- (Hemiptera: Aphididae: Calaphidinae)
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Homoptera: Aphidoidea. Pt. 3, Subfamily Pemphiginae
PVC rearing cages for aphid ivestigations
Preference of cereal aphids for various cereal varieties and species of graminea, juncaceae, and cyperaceae
Characteristics of the barley yellow dwarf virus in Finland
First report of Diuraphis (Holcaphis) frequens as a pest of wheat in Finland
A histological description of the alimentary tract and related organs of Adelgidae (Homoptera, Aphidoidea)
Role of aphids in cereal production
Evolution and biosystematics of aphids : proceedings of the International Aphidological Symposium at Jabłonna, 5-11 April, 1981.
Functional response and mutual interference of Diaeretiella rapae (Hymenoptera: Aphidiidae) on Brevicoryne brassicae (Homoptera: Aphididae)
Epidemiology and enhanced control of Potato virus Y in high grade seed potato production
Observations on rearing and use of the predatory gall-midge Aphidoletes aphidimyza (Diptera, Cecidomyiidae) against aphids in greenhouses
Alarm system for insect migration using weather radars
Studies of the glucosinolate-myrosinase system in relation to insect herbivory on oilseed rape (Brassica napus) and in Arabidopsis thaliana
A histological description of the salivary gland system of Phylloxeridae (Homoptera, Aphidoidea)
Intercropping, insect populations and pest damage : case study and conceptual model
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Homoptera: Aphidoidea. Pt. 2, Sub-family Lachninae
Knowing and recognizing : the biology of glasshouse pests and their natural enemies
The Aphidoidea (Hemiptera) of Fennoscandia and Denmark. 6. Family Aphididae, Part 3 of tribe Macrosiphini of subfamily Aphidinae, and family Lachnidae
The role of resistance genes in the IPM of large raspberry aphid (Amphorophora idaei) and the biology and importance of the small raspberry aphid (Aphis idaei)
The effect of virus diseases transmitted by the leafhopper Javecella pellucida (F.) on the concentration of free amino acids in oats and on the reproduction of aphids
The bionomics of the raspberry Aphids Aphis idaei v.d. Goot and Amphorophora rubi (Kalt.) (hom., aphididae)
Resistance of plants to the pea, aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum harris (Hom., Aphididae). II. Fecundity on different red clover varieties
Monograph of the British Aphides. Vol. 4
Reserved latitudinal gradient in species richness of sawflies (Hymenoptera, Symphyta)
World crop pests. Vol. 2 B, Aphids : their biology, natural enemies and control
Epidemiology of potato virus Y : a non-persistently transmitted, aphid-borne virus
The role of conifer foliage and bark in diets of Swedish moose, with special emphasis to the growing season
This is an identification guide and information source for a major group of agriculturally important insects on a world-wide basis. It enables the non-specialist anywhere in the world to identify aphids found colonising crop plants, and offers summaries of available knowledge of each species.
Atlas of the drepanosiphine aphids of the world. Part I, Panaphidini Oestlund, 1922- Myzocallidina Börner, 1942 (1930) (Hemiptera: Aphididae: Calaphidinae
Modeling ecological and ecolutionary processes in spatially structured populations
World crop pests. Vol. 2 A, Aphids : their biology, natural enemies and control
Resistance of plants to the pea aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum Harris (Hom., Abhididae). I. Fecundity of the biotypes on different host plants
Resistance of plants to the pea, aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum harris (Hom., Aphididae). III. Fecundity on different pea varieties
Proceedings of the Vth International Phylloxera Symposium : Vienna, Austria, September 20-21, 2010
Population dynamics and the effects of environmental and geographical factors on occupancy in an aphid metapopulation
Proceedings of the IVth International Phylloxera Symposium : Keszthely, Hungary, September 20-21, 2007
Reproduction of Myzus persicae (Sulz.) and Teranychus telarius on different chrysanthemum cultivars
Phylloxera : how wine was saved for the world
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Homoptera: Aphidoidea. Pt. 4, Subfamilies: Phloemyzinae, Anoeciinae and Hormaphidinae
A histological description of the salivary gland system of some aphid species of the Adelgidae and Aphididae (Homoptera, Aphidoidea)
Aphid technology : with special reference to the study of aphids in the field
Enhancement of generalist aphid predators in cereals : effect of green manuring on recruitment of ground beetles (Col., Carabidae)
Studies on the host plant relationships of Aphis idaei v.d. Goot and Amphorophora rubi (Kalt.) (hom., aphidae)
On the occurrence of Physokermes Targ. species (Hom., Lecaniidae) and Sacchiphantes abietis L. (Hom., Adelgidae) on various local races of Picea abies in Finland
The composition of the aphid fauna of Fennoscandia and Denmark
Reduction in yield and changes in brewing quality of barley caused by Macrosiphum avenae (F.) (Hom., Aphididae)
Aphids on the world's crops : an identification and information guide
Aphids as crop pests
Assessing the potential for seven spot ladybird (Coccinella septempunctata) to control  the blackcurrant aphid (Cryptomyzus galeopsidis)
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Homoptera: Aphidoidea. Pt. 6, Subfamily Greenideinae
Aphid predators : insects that eat greenfly
Aphids infesting crucifers in Canada
Two cereal virus diseases in Finland
Herbivory on willows : abiotic constraints and trophic interactions
Brief report : Anoecia vagans (Koch) (Hemiptera, Aphididae) on roots of spring wheat in Finland
Bibliographie des Aphidoidea = Bibliography of Aphidoidea. 3
Abstract: Insects on Sorbus aucuparia.
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Homoptera: Aphidoidea. Pt. 1, General introduction and sub-family Chaitophorinae
Changes in the yield and protein quantity of oat caused by Rhopalosiphum padi (L.) (Hom., Aphididae)
Two new aphid species: Aphis psudolysimachiae sp. n. and Metopolophium brevirostre sp. n. (Homoptera, Aphididae)
Bibliographie des Aphidoidea = Bibliography of Aphidoidea. 2
Three Aphidiids and one Pteromalid parasitizing Rubus aphids
Aphids collected in Finland during the 12th NJF Congress in 1963.
Effect of fertilizers on the reproductiuon of tetranychus Telarius (L.), Myzus persicae (sulz.) and Acyrthosiphon pisum Harris
Insect herbivore-host dynamics : tree-dwelling aphids
Colonisations and extinctions at multiple spatial scales : a case study in monophagous herbivores
Bibliographie des Aphidoidea = Bibliography of Aphidoidea. 1
Rearing and application of the peach aphid parasite, Aphidius matricariae (Hymenoptera, Aphidiidae)
A histological description of the alimentary tract, salivary glands, and related organs of Mindarinae (Homoptera, Aphidoidea)
Proceedings of the Workshop on Rootstocks' Performance in Phylloxera Infested Vineyards : Geisenheim, Gemany, August 26-28, 2001
Green apple aphid : pest management program for apple series
Utilization of diapause in mass production of Aphidoletes aphidimyza (Rond.) (Dipt., Cecidomyiidae)
Proceedings of the VIth International Phylloxera Symposium : Bordeaux, France, August 28-30, 2013
Predation on the Bird Cherry-Oat aphid in cereals
The Aphidoidea (Hemiptera) of Fennoscandia and Denmark. 5. Family Aphididae, Part 2 of tribe Macrosiphini of subfamily Aphidinae
Interaction between the aphid Adelges lapponicus Chol. (Hom., Adelgidae) and some spruce (Picea) species in Northern Finland
Modeling ecological and evolutionary processes in spatially structured populations
