http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6930 welfare state
welfare state
Late industrializers and the development of the welfare state
Social work in restructured European welfare systems
Understanding criminology : current theoretical debates
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
In defence of the welfare state
Towards a welfare society?
Bureaucracy and well-being : towards a non-Western model
Readings in social welfare : theory and policy
Normalization and "outsiderhood" : feminist readings of a neoliberal welfare state
Reflexive democracy : political equality and the welfare state
The Scandinavian model : welfare states and welfare research
History and context in comparative public policy
Selfish generations? : how welfare states grow old
Ideologies of welfare : from dreams to disillusion
The information society and the welfare state : the Finnish model
The state of welfare : the economics of social spending
The student's companion to social policy
Gunnar Myrdal's An American Dilemma: The Negro Problem and Modern Democracy persuaded many scholars that the United States failed to develop a robust welfare state because of its ethnic and racial heterogeneity, and, conversely, that homogeneity was a precondition for the creation of strong welfare states in European, especially Nordic, countries. With increasing diversity now challenging these welfare states, the kind of 'dilemma' that Myrdal identified no longer appears to be solely an American one. In this interdisciplinary volume, leading and emerging scholars examine the relationship between homogeneity and welfare state development. They trace Myrdal's influence on thinking about race in the US and explore current European states' approaches to the strangers in their midst, and what social citizenship looks like from a global perspective.Students and scholars of contemporary welfare states in the social sciences and policy studies will find this to be an insightful read, as the book challenges current perceptions. It will also be of interest to policy makers and practitioners looking to examine the historical context behind the politics of welfare states in the US and Scandinavia.
Race, ethnicity and welfare states : an American dilemma?
Welfare and the state : who benefits?
European welfare state models : converging trends
The new social question : rethinking the welfare state
On the theory, history and values of welfare in industrialized societies : the cases of Japan, the Nordic countries and the United States of America
Crisis, miracles and beyond : negotiated adaptation of the Danish welfare state
The welfare state : its aims, benefits and costs
Financial management for the public services
Final declaration : twelve theses of New Delhi
Japanese welfare society : analysing the Japanese welfare discourses
Restructuring the welfare state : theory and reform of socal policy
The transition from capitalism to socialism
Institutional welfare and state interventionism in the Scandinavian countries
Can the welfare state survive?
Social and secure? : politics and culture of the welfare state: a comparative inquiry
Social work and faith-based organizations
Caring for the aged in welfare society
Towards a Nordic competition state? Politico-economic transformation of statehood in Finland, 1965-2005
The future of social protection in a unifying Europe = Sosiaaliturvan tulevaisuus yhdentyvässä Euroopassa
The Scandinavian welfare states : achievements, crisis and prospects
In the wake of the affluent society : an exploration of post-development
Comparing welfare states and their futures
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
The welfare state East and West
Change of norm? : in-work poverty in a comparative perspective
Understanding social policy
The changing welfare state in Europe : the implications for democracy
A theory of poverty and social exclusion : Bill Jordan
Skills and inequality : partisan politics and the political economy of education reforms in western welfare states
The new politics of welfare : an agenda for the 1990s?
The true colors of Finnish welfare nationalism : consolidation of neo-populist advocacy as a resonant collective identity through mobilization of exclusionary narratives of blue-and-white solidarity
Who gets what? : the hardening of class inequality in the late twentieth century
All governments strive to develop and implement policies that contribute to innovation. Both in academic research and policy circles, the concept of National Innovation Systems has represented a significant approach to industrial policy, research and development, and innovation. This book will review the development and implementation of this approach, and its strengths and weakness by considering the experience of Finland, widely regarded as a model of the information society, high-quality equal education, and systemic innovation policy amongst the Nordic welfare states, which themselves have increasingly topped the lists in national competitiveness. The first part of the book analyzes the foundations, emergence, and development of the National Innovation System approach and its adoption in Finnish science and technology policy throughout the 1990s and 2000s. In the second part of the book an alternative viewpoint to innovation and welfare policy is outlined, based on the idea of capability cultivating institutions as a key foundation, both for national welfare and competitiveness. The development of the Finnish comprehensive school and its special education system is studied in order to clarify the nature of institutional change and learning, and the conditions of governing and developing the enabling services. The concept of an enabling welfare state is developed to answer the challenges of the Nordic model of welfare in a globalizing knowledge-driven economy.
Towards integrated social development policies : a conceptual analysis
The welfare state in crisis : an account of the Conference on Social Policies in the 1980s : OECD, Paris, 20-23 October 1980.
The growth of the welfare state
The withering of the welfare state : regression
From poor relief towards institutional welfare states : the development of Scandinavian social policy
The rationality of the welfare state
New risks, new welfare : the transformation of the European welfare state
The welfare state in France
The state and social welfare : the objectives of policy
The theory and future of welfare societies
Southern European welfare states : between crisis and reform
Reforming socialism in the east and west
State, economy, and society in Western Europe 1815-1975 : a data handbook in two volumes. Vol. 1, The growth of mass democracies and welfare states
Liberalism, neoliberalism, social democracy : thin communitarian perspectives on political philosophy and education
The economics of the welfare state
Gender equality in the welfare state?
Uncertainty, macroeconomic stability and the welfare state
The five giants : a biography of the welfare state
Beyond welfare state models : transnational historical perspectives on social policy
Making social citizenship : conceptual practices from the Finnish poor law to professional social work
The end of welfare as we know it? : continuity and change in Western welfare state settings and practices
Globalization and the Nordic Welfare States
Innovation, human capabilities, and democracy : towards an enabling welfare state
The displacement of expertise : the reflexionselite meets with life politics
The future of the welfare state. Vol. 1
The politics of civil society : neoliberalism or social left?
Economic globalization and the citizen's welfare state
Before and beyond the welfare state : three lectures
The foundations of the welfare state
1990s economic crisis : the research programme of the Academy of Finland: conference 1999
Commitment to welfare - a question of trust
The constitution of liberty
Introduction to general equilibrium theory and welfare economics
Making capitalism fit for society
Community without politics : a market approach to welfare reform
Modernising the welfare state : the Blair legacy
Buying time : the delayed crisis of democratic capitalism
Welfare states : construction, deconstruction, reconstruction. Vol. 2, Varieties and transformations
Welfare states : construction, deconstruction, reconstruction. Vol. 3, Legitimation, achievement and integration
The new state : etatization of Western societies
What is the european social model? : an aproximation based on the Spanishn case
Property, power, and public choice : an inquiry into law and economics
Finland : the welfare game
The developmental welfare state in Scandinavia : lessons for the developing world
The welfare state in Europe has been reformed gradually over the past two decades, with the intensification of the economic and monetary union and the addition of fifteen new members to the EU. This book explores the pressures that have been placed on the welfare state through a variety of insightful and thought-provoking contributions.
An introduction to social entrepreneurship : voices, preconditions, contexts
Growth to limits : the Western European welfare states since World War 2. Vol. 2, Germany, United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy
The radical right and the welfare state : an international assessment
A new history of social welfare
Welfare economics and the theory of the state
Entrepreneurship in the Welfare State : summary and conclusions
The temporal welfare state
The Nordic model of social democracy
"The financial and economic crisis that began in 2008 still has the world on tenterhooks. The gravity of the situation is matched by a general paucity of understanding about what is happening and how it started. In this book, based on his 2012 Adorno Lectures given in Frankfurt, Wolfgang Streeck places the crisis in the context of the long neoliberal transformation of postwar capitalism that began in the 1970s. He analyses the subsequent tensions and conflicts involving states, governments, voters and capitalist interests, as expressed in inflation, public debt, and rising private indebtedness. Streeck traces the transformation of the tax state into a debt state, and from there into the consolidation state of today. At the centre of the analysis is the changing relationship between capitalism and democracy, in Europe and elsewhere, and the advancing immunization of the former against the latter"--
Shifts in the welfare mix : their impact on work, social services and welfare policies
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
Marxism and institutional analysis : working class strength and welfare state development : the Swedish case
Actively seeking work? : the politics of unemployment and welfare policy in the United States and Great Britain
When welfare disappears : the case for economic human rights
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 03/2008, Capitalism's secular crisis and the European social model
After the most serious economic crash since the 1930s and the slowest recovery on record, austerity rules. Spending on the welfare state did not cause the crisis, but deep cuts in welfare budgets has become the default policy response. The welfare state is seen as a burden on wealth creation which can no longer be afforded in an ever more competitive global economy. There are calls for it to be dismantled altogether. In this incisive book, leading political economist Andrew Gamble explains why western societies still need generous inclusive welfare states for all their citizens, and are rich enough to provide them. Welfare states can survive, he argues, but only if there is the political will to reform them and to fund them.
This volume examines the relationship between Nordic social policy and economic development from a comparative perspective. It identifies the driving forces behind the development of the Nordic welfare model and the problems and dilemmas the model is facing at present. The book also traces the link between democratization and social policy, drawing attention to the role of the state and non-governmental organizations. Social Policy and Economic Development in Nordic Countries examines Nordic social policies on unemployment, social care, family, education and health care policies, and reviews future challenges of the welfare state in the information society.
Reforming the welfare state
The Swedish model reassessed : affluence despite the welfare state
The article compares the role in welfare provision of the majority churches in Finland, Norway and Sweden. The Nordic welfare state model implies a large public sector and a correspondingly small contribution to welfare provision by the voluntary sector, of which church-based welfare activities, as defined in the article, are part. The data used in the article are derived from a European project, 'Welfare and religion in a European perspective', concerning the role of European majority churches as agents of welfare provision. The findings show many similarities between the Nordic cases, but also some differences. In all cases it is clear that both the church and the public authorities take the Nordic welfare state model more or less for granted. The Swedish and Norwegian cases, unlike the Finnish one, show that the public authorities at the municipal level are fairly unfamiliar with local church-based welfare activities. The article raises topical questions as to the role of the Nordic churches in social policy and as moral authorities in contemporary society.Keywords: Welfare, Church, Finland, Norway, Sweden.
The affluent society
The politics of social work research and evaluation
In place of fear
Sustainability and the political economy of welfare
The tension between the social and the economic : a historical perspective on a welfare state
The dynamic of welfare : the welfare state and the life cycle
Down from the heavens, up from the ashes : the Finnish economic crisis of the 1990s in the light of economic and social research
Social policy and welfare state in Sweden
Sweden and the revival of the capitalist welfare state
Displacement of social policies
Reciprocity and redistribution
We live in an era of rapid transformation of the European states, which are taking new forms rather than disappearing or being hollowed out. This transformation inescapably touches upon the question of the interaction between a state and its territory. Since there is a growing need to conceptualize this change in statehood from a historical perspective on various margins of Europe, this paper aims at providing a context-sensitive theorization of the gradual transformation of the spatiality of the Keynesian welfare state in Finland. The arguments presented are authenticated by reference to documents on Finnish public investment policy as evidence of the changes in state strategies from the 1960s onwards. The paper concludes that the change from "regimes of security political survival" to "regimes of survival in international economic competition" has inevitably influenced the relationship between the Finnish state and its territory. It also suggests, however, that inertia caused by the embedded spatial culture of the welfare state has hindered the development of a truly international competition state characterized by economic efficiency rather than territorial and social equalization. We therefore conceptualize the contemporary condition of Finnish statehood as spatially promiscuous, in that the Finnish state is becoming an increasingly complex combination of the marketplace model (the glocal state) and one nation politics (territorial integrity).
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 04/2009, Crisis, crisis, crisis! : finance, economy, ecology, politics.
Worlds of welfare, worlds of consent? : public opinion on the welfare state
Economic fundamentalism : A world model for structural adjustment
The welfare state and its aftermath
A recipe for a better life : experiences from the Nordic countries
Dependency and poverty : old problems in a new world
Development and future of the Nordic welfare state model : critical notes on the structure of the Nordic welfare state and the crisis in the 20th and 21st centuries, a Finnish point of view
The Routledge handbook of the welfare state
"The financial crisis keeps us on edge and creates a diffuse sense of helplessness. Well-nigh unfathomable problems lead to measures that seem like emergency operations on the open heart of the Western world, performed with no knowledge of the patient's clinical history. The gravity of the situation is matched by the paucity of our understanding of it, and of how it came about in the first place. In this book, compiled from his Adorno Lectures given in Frankfurt, Wolfgang Streeck lays bare the roots of the present financial, fiscal and economic crisis, seeing it as part of the long neoliberal transformation of postwar capitalism that began in the 1970s. Linking up with the crisis theories of that decade, he analyses the subsequent tensions and conflicts involving states, governments, voters and capitalist interests--a process in which the defining focus of the European state system has shifted from taxation through debt to budgetary "consolidation." The book then ends by exploring the prospects for a restoration of social and economic stability. Buying Time is a model of enlightenment. It shows that something deeply disturbing underlies the current situation: a metamorphosis of the whole relationship between democracy and capitalism"--
Welfare states : construction, deconstruction, reconstruction. Vol. 1, Analytical approaches
The consequences of the crisis of the 1990s to the Nordic welfare state : Finland and Sweden
Sustainable welfare in a regional context
It's our welfare : report of the citizens' commission on the future of the welfare state
Essays on "the welfare state"
Razvitie gosudarstva blagosostoâniâ v stranah severnoj Evropy i Rossii : sravnitel'naâ perspektiva = Welfare state development in Nordic countries and Russia : a comparative perspective
Social entrepreneurship and social enterprises : Nordic perspectives
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition / edited by Matilda Hellman, Gun Roos & Julius von Wright
Faith-based organisations and exclusion in European cities
Tax competition and the welfare state : time to surrender or to reconsider
The welfare state : Webster's timeline history, 1810 - 2007.
How politics makes us sick : neoliberal epidemics
Harry's last stand : how the world my generation built is falling down, and what we can do to save it
Nordic majority churches as agents in the welfare state : critical voices and/or complementary providers?
The welfare state in Europe : challenges and reforms
"Skills and Inequality studies the political economy of education and training reforms from the perspective of comparative welfare state research. Highlighting the striking similarities between established worlds of welfare capitalism and educational regimes, Marius R. Busemeyer argues that both have similar political origins in the postwar period. He identifies partisan politics and different varieties of capitalism as crucial factors shaping choices about the institutional design of post-secondary education. The political and institutional survival of vocational education and training as an alternative to academic higher education is then found to play an important role in the later development of skill regimes. Busemeyer also studies the effects of educational institutions on social inequality and patterns of public opinion on the welfare state and education. Adopting a multi-method approach, this book combines historical case studies of Sweden, Germany, and the United Kingdom with quantitative analyses of macro-level aggregate data and micro-level survey data"--
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
Cultural diversity and integration in the Nordic welfare states : proceedings of the 12th Nordic Migration Conference 2003
The emergence of the welfare states
Street capital : Black cannabis dealers in a white welfare state
Renaissance of the flea market
This book tackles a number of controversial questions regarding Sweden's economic and political development: How did Sweden become rich? How did Sweden become egalitarian? Why has Sweden since the early 1990s grown faster than the US and most EU-countries despite its high taxes and generous welfare state? The author uses new research on institutions and economic reforms to explain the rise, the fall and the recent revival of the Swedish welfare state. The central argument is that a generous welfare state Sweden's can work well, provided that it is built on well functioning capitalist institutions and economic openess.
Gender equality and welfare state models : outcomes perspective
Spaces of social exclusionaisuus
A democratic architecture for the welfare state
"Did all the municipalities get mentioned?" : Political debate in Finland about the development area policy between 1965 and 1966
Social planning : a strategy for socialist welfare
Politics for a new generation : the progressive moment
The idea of the modern state
Welfare reforms local government and the politics of social inclusion : lessons from Denmark's labour market and area regeneration programmes David Etherington
The times they are changing? : crisis and the welfare state
The disabled state
The new geography of capitalism : firms, finance, and society
Social policy and economic development in the Nordic countries
Households and poverty in welfare systems : a comparison of Denmark, the Netherlands, Ireland and Greece
The rise and fall of the Scandinavian model?
Justice and society : problems of reformist politics
The frontiers of citizenship
New dimensions of diversity in Nordic culture and society
Two decades of discussion on charitable food aid in Finland : analysing the framing by and through the media
European foundations of the welfare state
The logic of social welfare : conjectures and formulations
Social expenditure 1960-1990 : problems of growth and control
The public economics of redistribution and the welfare state
The affluent worker in the class structure
The selected essays of Assar Lindbeck. Vol. 2, The welfare state
Social polarization and the crisis of the welfare state : the case of Stockholm
Reforming socialism in the East and West
How can mainstream models and classifications be used in analyzing welfare states and gender? What sorts of modifications to traditional theory are required? These and other questions are addressed in this book - the first to synthesize the insights of feminist and mainstream research in examining the impact of gender on welfare state analysis and outcomes. The text also highlights the effect of welfare state policies on women and men. The international and interdisciplinary contributors approach the subject on two levels. First, they test the applicability of mainstream frameworks to new areas in analyzing gender. Second, they highlight possible reconceptualizations and innovative frameworks designed to provide gender-based analyses. These approaches are combined with a strong comparative component, focusing on a cross-section of countries of major interest in welfare state research.
Migration and social policy
Social justice, legitimacy and the welfare state
Europe's immigration challenge : reconciling work, welfare and mobility
Reforming the Nordic welfare communes : values and organizational principles
Flexible outsourcing and the impacts of labour taxation in European welfare states
Language of power : towards a semiological theory in social sciences
Government responsiveness to family policy in Finland, Germany and Italy : a comparative perspective
The Future of welfare : a guide to the debate
Sweden and the price of progress
Theory and practice of the welfare state in Europe in 20th century
Social classes, individualistic criticism and support for welfare services
The European social model in crisis : is Europe losing its soul?
Credibility, inflation and incentive distortions in the welfare state
The three worlds of welfare capitalism
