http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6938 holidaymaking
holidaymaking holidaying
The history of tourism : Thomas Cook and the origins of leisure travel. Volume 4, A history of holidays 1812-1990
Ryokan vs finnish cottage : case study of traditional Japanese accommondation and finnish cottage accommondation
A dose of Dr. Dog
First resorts : pursuing pleasure at Saratoga Springs, Newport, & Coney Island
By a thread
Travel + leisure Southeast Asia : e-lehti
501 days out for kids in the UK & Ireland
"Combining environmental, urban, and cultural history, The Frontier of Leisure examines the history of leisure in Southern California, and how the tourist resorts, residential recreation, and leisure culture of Southern California transformed the region and influenced the nation as a whole. Beginning in the 1870s and continuing across the twentieth century, it examines the promotion of leisure and outdoor recreation in Southern California and the Southwest, and the problematic place of public recreation in the region's largest city, Los Angeles. It then explores private tourist leisure at two key Southern California resorts, Santa Catalina Island and Palm Springs. It concludes with an examination of the spread of Southern California's culture of leisure across the Sunbelt Southwest. By examining leisure in these interconnected places, The Frontier of Leisure documents how Southern California and the Southwest remade American attitudes about leisure, altered the national course of urban growth and architecture, and helped formulate the environmental attitudes of modern America. The histories of tourism, recreation, and urbanism in Southern California demonstrate how Americans interacted with nature in their everyday lives - how they experienced it on vacation, how they remade houses and yards to utilize nature as living and leisure space, and how a new suburban landscape, intended to offer the combined virtues of rural and urban life, took shape in Southern California, with profound consequences for the future of national urban and suburban development. Yet perceiving nature through leisure led to conflict with people who knew nature through labor or subsistence, as well as all those excluded from this new formulation of nature, leisure, and urban life"--Provided by publisher.
Destination image of Spain - the cases of Aurinkomatkat, Finnmatkat  and Tjäreborg
Tourism on the farm : proceedings of two conferences on farm tourism in Ireland : University College Dublin march 1992, Ennskillen Fermanagh may 1992
Family guide Italy
Traveling while married
Three men in a boat : to say nothing of the dog!
Maigret's holiday
Water policy, tourism, and recreation : lessons from Australia
"Southern California has long been promoted as the playground of the world, the home of resort-style living, backyard swimming pools, and year-round suntans. Tracing the history of Southern California from the late nineteenth century through the late twentieth century, The Frontier of Leisure reveals how this region did much more than just create lavish resorts like Santa Catalina Island and Palm Springs--it literally remade American attitudes towards leisure. Lawrence Culver shows how this "culture of leisure" gradually took hold with an increasingly broad group of Americans, and ultimately manifested itself in suburban developments throughout the Sunbelt and across the United States. He further shows that as Southern Californians promoted resort-style living, they also encouraged people to turn inward, away from public spaces and toward their private homes and communities. Impressively researched, a fascinating and lively read, this finely nuanced history connects Southern Californian recreation and leisure to larger historical themes, including regional development, architecture and urban planning, race relations, Indian policy, politics, suburbanization, and changing perceptions of nature"--Provided by publisher.
Customs and holidays around the world
The rise of the Devon seaside resorts, 1750-1900
The palace of strange girls
Tourism, Leisure, Nature Protection and Agri-Tourism : principles, partnerships and practice. Workbook
The Way Way Back
Selling the Sea : an inside look at the cruise industry
The long weekend
The island hideaway
Ocean travel and cruising : a cultural analysis
A night on the Orient Express
Marketing in the tourism industry : the promotion of destination regions
Timeshare - the new force in tourism
Vicky Cristina Barcelona
The Teesside seaside between the wars : redcar and its neighbours, 1919-1939
Trinny & Susannah : the survival guide : a woman's secret weapon for getting through the year
Kiss heaven goodbye
Ecotours and nature getaways : a guide to environmental vacations around the world
Sport activities during the outbound holidays of the Germans, the Dutch & the French
Gap years for grown ups
The Sunday times travel magazine : Helsinki
Holidays in heck
Operation sunshine
A Nantucket Christmas
Beneath the lake
The evolution in holiday travel facilities and in the flow of tourism inside and outside the European Community. Part 1, Main findings
Family guide France
Family guide Paris
Loma-Suomi vuonna 2000 : otteita puheenvuoroista = Holiday Finland in the year 2000.
Britain with kids
The Influence of Culinary Satisfaction on Customer Loyalty
Rural tourism : a business option for New Zealand farmers
Urban and regional tourism : balancing the economy and the ecology
Family guide New York City
Travel with kids
The lake Baikal guidebook
Rosie and the secret friend
The beach hut
Frommer's New York City with kids
Travel with children : family-friendly travel without the fuss
I know!
European leisure businesses : strategies for the future
Travel with children : the essential guide for travelling framilies
Children's and families' holiday experience
How the Finns spent their holidays in 1985
Tourism of tomorrow : travel trends and forces of change
London with Kids
The time of our lives
Tourism in balance
Tourism in Ireland : a critical analysis
Babar's mystery
Family guide Florida
Inclusive leisure services : responding to the rights of people with disabilities
Pink tourism : holidays of gay men and lesbians
Current issues of youth sport camp : a case study from the 2008 Piispala ice hockey camp
The frontier of leisure : Southern California and the shaping of modern America
The last resort : tourism, tourist employment and 'post-tourism' in the South East : South East economic development strategy
Tourism and Australian beach cultures : revealing bodies
Yugoslavia's sunny side : a history of tourism in socialism (1950-1980)
The heyday of urban tourism? : socio-cultural perspectives on the conditions of the international tourism development in Prague
Food, health and identity
New York City with kids
Precious and the mystery of the missing lion
Weston-Super-Mare : the good old days
Flight to the sun : the story of the holiday revolution
The Cabin in the woods
Zu Gast im Herzen der Alpen : eine Bildgeschichte des Tourismus in Tirol = An invitation to the heart of the Alps : a pictorical history of tourism in the Tyrol = En vacances au coeur des Alpes : une histoire en images du tourisme au Tirol = Ospitalita nel cuore delle Alpi : un racconto per immagini del turismo nel Tirolo
The evolution in holiday travel facilities and in the flow of tourism inside and outside the European Community. Part 2, Main report
Louis the Lion
Beach huts and bathing machines
The last resort : photographs of New Brighton
Foodfest 365! : the officially fun food holiday cookbook
A pier too far
Rajahaastattelututkimus = Border interview survey. Osa 25 = Part 25, Ulkomaiset matkailijat Suomessa 1.1.-31.12.2011 = Foreign visitors in Finland in 2011, 1 January - 31 December 2011
Rajahaastattelututkimus = Border interview survey. Osa 11 = Part 11, Ulkomaiset matkailijat Suomessa kesällä 2001 : 1.6 - 30.9.2001 = Foreign tourists in Finland during the summer 2001 : 1 June  - 30 Septemberl 2001.
Daylight saving
Surf's up, Geronimo!
Leisure travel : making it a growth market ... again!
Wish you were here
Womenś leisure in England 1920-60
Amazing Places to Take Your Kids : hundreds of North American adventures
Family guide Rome
The way we were on holiday
Harry and the dinosaurs go on holiday
Great yoga retreats
The spaghetti yeti
Family guide London
A magic Christmas
There are original facilities or accommodations to stay in vacation in each country. Japanese stay at ryokan, Finnish stay at cottage. The purpose of this study was to explore background, similarities and differences between ryokan and Finnish cottage and to consider the possibility to open ryokan in Finland or Finnish cottage in Japan. The data was collected from a survey of 66 members (Japanese, Finnish and international people) and qualitative data. The qualitative data consists of interviews, observation in accommodations, and literature. The data was analyzed using respondents' answers, opinions from survey and interviews, and observation in qualitative data. The majority of respondents stated that they do not have experience in staying at ryokan or Finnish cottage because they did not have a chance to visit there during the short stays in the country, and also because of the poor advertising. On one hand, they are interested in different culture and new things, but on the other hand, they keep their own culture or customs. The findings indicate that it is hard to bring identical things as-is in each other's country because of difference of background and land in countries. However, it is possible to bring them by assimilating and fitting both cultures to take into account different particularities of the countries. Key words: Leisure, hospitality, different culture, accommodation, Finnish cottage, ryokan (traditional Japanese accommodation)
Treasure hunt
The rough guide to travel online
Spiritual high
What holiday tourists expect from currency exchange service in Finland?  : Case FOREX Bank Tampere
The holiday home
