http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6935 loneliness
loneliness
Loneliness in childhood and adolescence
Beyond the sea
The first true lie
Sputnik Sweetheart
Be a friend
I'm not invited?
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 2
Who has time for little bear?
"n an equinox, day is as long as night, as if the world found perfect equilibrium between shadow and light, a fleeting equilibrium, similar to the stakes of our human destinies. Segmented into four tableaux for four seasons, unrelated people of all social backgrounds seeking equilibrium cross paths with other solitudes, weaving in and out of one another's lives- all captivated and tormented by the enigmatic meaning of life." / WorldCat.
Cleaver
How to be alone : essays
A cry unheard : new insights into the medical consequences of loneliness
Two shy pandas
After the snow
Snow bear
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 6
Peer relationships of pupils with and without individualized education plans in co-teaching and maistream educational settings
The cloudspotter
When friendship followed me home : a novel
Free days with George : life's little lessons learned from one very big dog
The only child
Everything, everything
The effect of loneliness and change in loneliness on self-rated health (SRH) : a longitudinal study among aging people
Dreams of speaking
First term at Trebizon
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 5
The faster I walk, the smaller I am
The hurricane
Nurses' perceptions and support of elderly loneliness in nursing homes
Lost and found
My friend bear
Solitude : a return to the self
Adam felt alone in the strange, new city. He missed the colours and friendships of his faraway home. But when a teacher at school gives him a few seeds, she plants an idea in him - an idea that could transform his grey world for ever. Michael Foreman's beautifully-illustrated story is a powerful fable of how friendship can grow in our world.
College students' experiences of and coping with loneliness : possibilities of peer support
Britt-Marie was here
Do you speak English, Moon?
The dragon kite
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 7
Encounters with loneliness : only the lonely
Loneliness among elderly widows and it’s effect on their mental well being : Literature review
Innocence (with bonus short story Wilderness) : a novel
Analysing loneliness and solitude in schools and exploring how to deal with them is a vital task. In recent research for the author's Spirit of the School project, a number of pupils, teachers and headteachers described times when they felt lonely and times when they felt the need for healthy solitude. The causes of loneliness are numerous and its consequences have a significant unrecognised impact on education. How do schools deal with people when they are lonely, and how can they overcome loneliness? How can they create opportunities for healthy solitude, a welcome alternative to loneliness? Schools can sometimes try to include people by being intensely social, but end up making them feel even more excluded. A school that teaches solitude well and helps individuals deal with loneliness can be called an 'enstatic' school: a school in which people are comfortable within themselves. The objective of this book - the first comprehensive study of the subject - is to help us all understand loneliness and solitude and thereby to reinvigorate debates on personal, character and values education.
Effect of loneliness on elderly people's lives
Excuse me... are you a witch?
The wall
The richest crocodile in the world
Asian beat. Vol 1
Underground time
We all experience loneliness at some time in our lives and it often motivates people, consciously or otherwise, to enter treatment. Yet it is rarely explicitly addressed in psychoanalytic literature. Loneliness and Longing rectifies this oversight by thoroughly exploring this painful psychological state. In this book contributors address the inner sense of loneliness -- that is feeling alone even in the company of others -- by drawing on different aspects of loneliness and longing. Topics covered include: loneliness in the consulting room the relationship between loneliness and love the effects of social networking and the internet how loneliness changes throughout the life-cycle healing the analyst's loneliness. Loneliness and Longing draws on both theory and practice to discuss ways to help people to understand and cope with this important emotional state, encouraging them to make loneliness and longing less pervasive in their lives. This will be ideal reading for analysts, psychotherapists, and related practitioners facing the challenges of loneliness in their consulting rooms.
The night guest
Ruff! and the wonderfully amazing busy day
Heart shaped
The white stone
Into the valley
The lonely passion of Judith Hearne
Monologues for calculating the density of black holes
Social competence and loneliness during the school years : issues in assessment, interrelations and intergenerational transmission
The weight of water
Meatspace
Nurses's perspectives of loneliness amongst terminally ill patients
Uninvited study guide : living loved when you feel less than, left out, and lonely
Jenny the pony's new friends
Loneliness : a sourcebook of current theory, research and therapy
Snow bunny's Christmas wish
You can be lonely anywhere, but there is a particular flavor to the loneliness that comes from living in a city, surrounded by thousands of strangers. The Lonely City is a roving cultural history of urban loneliness, centered on the ultimate city: Manhattan, that teeming island of gneiss, concrete, and glass. What does it mean to be lonely? How do we live, if we're not intimately involved with another human being? How do we connect with other people, particularly if our sexuality or physical body is considered deviant or damaged? Does technology draw us closer together or trap us behind screens? Olivia Laing explores these questions by travelling deep into the work and lives of some of the century's most original artists, among them Andy Warhol, David Wojnarowicz, Edward Hopper, Henry Darger and Klaus Nomi. Part memoir, part biography, part dazzling work of cultural criticism, The Lonely City is not just a map, but a celebration of the state of loneliness. It's a voyage out to a strange and sometimes lovely island, adrift from the larger continent of human experience, but visited by many - millions, say - of souls.
Kafka on the shore
Once there was a boy..
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 4
The lonely city : adventures in the art of being alone
The girls : a novel
So you don't get lost in the neighbourhood
Absent in the spring
Boy in the tower
The way back home
After-school hours : a risk being alone?
How to find a friend
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 3
The boy who climbed into the moon
Sundays at Tiffany's
The first bad man : a novel
Finnish students' attributions for school-based loneliness
When a Zeeder met a Xyder
Becoming human
Alice and the fly
A burnt-out case
Me and You
Getting from me to we : how to help young childre fit in and make friends
The peculiar life of a lonely postman
You are there
The lady and the little fox fur
The man without a shadow : a novel
Single in the city : a survey of China's single women
The handbook of solitude : psychological perspectives on social isolation, social withdrawal, and being alone
The sunlit night
Sammy the mouse [vol.] I
The dog stars
Emerald City : and other stories
The broken man
The great Gatsby
Loneliness among elderly women: A literature review
Inauthenticity in friendship and associations with well-being in adolescence
Every day
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
Things we have in common
Loneliness and depressed mood among participants aged 75-79 of the Good Mood project
The school of genius
Crow girl returns
Life after you : a mother's true story of life after loss
Loneliness and solitude in education : how to value individuality and create an enstatic school
The very lonely firefly
Love Monster
Peppa's fishy friends
Miranda the castaway
Sammy the mouse [vol.] II
Beneath the neon egg
Care of wooden floors : a novel
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 1
This reference work offers a comprehensive compilation of current psychological research related to the construct of solitude Explores numerous psychological perspectives on solitude, including those from developmental, neuropsychological, social, personality, and clinical psychology Examines different developmental periods across the lifespan, and across a broad range of contexts, including natural environments, college campuses, relationships, meditation, and cyberspace Includes contributions from the leading international experts in the field Covers concepts and theoretical approaches, empirical research, as well as clinical applications.
Review of personality and social psychology : emotions, relationships, and health. 5
Moon princess
The impact of isolation and loneliness on elderly well-being
A whole life
The day the angel came
The boy giant
All is song
The sea of tranquility : a novel
The big ugly monster and the little stone rabbit
"The story of a teenage girl who's literally allergic to the outside world. When a new family moves in next door, she begins a complicated romance that challenges everything she's ever known. The narrative unfolds via vignettes, diary entries, texts, charts, lists, illustrations, and more"--
Aging, isolation and resocialization
To steal her love
Bullies, cyberbullies and frenemies
Have you fed the cat
The seeds of friendship
The bedtime book for dogs
The English roses
Assassin's apprentice
After Colin Campbell went on a short business trip abroad, he returned home to discover his wife of many years had moved out. No explanations. No second chances. She was gone and wasn't coming back. Shocked and heartbroken, Colin fell into a spiral of depression and loneliness. Soon after, a friend told Colin about a dog in need of rescue -- a neglected 140-pound Newfoundland Landseer, a breed renowned for its friendly nature and remarkable swimming abilities. Colin adopted the traumatised dog, brought him home and named him George. Both man and dog were heartbroken and lacking trust, but together they learned how to share a space, how to socialise, and most of all, how to overcome their bad experiences. At the same time, Colin relived childhood memories of his beloved grandfather, a decorated war hero and a man who gave him hope when he needed it most.
Hear the wind sing ; and Pinball, 1973
Loneliness and longing: conscious and unconscious aspects
Nurses' Perceptions on Cancer Patients' Loneliness : Loneliness
