http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6939 leisure activities
leisure activities
Cultural mediators in a hegemonic nightlife : opportunities for drug prevention
Leadership and groups in recreational service
Holiday crafts : 50 projects for year-round family fun
For fifteen years, Robert Stebbins has conducted extensive research on amateurs and professionals in theatre, music, archaeology, astronomy, baseball, football, magic and stand-up comedy. His publications give the theme of serious leisure in-depth scholarly attention. This text brings together the findings of this research project to provide a theoretical framework that reveals the commonalities across these eight fields. Throughout this project Stebbins has built on the work of Barney Glaser and Anselm Strauss and their notion of "grounded theory". First, Stebbins extensively observed the routine activities of amateurs and professionals in each field studied. Then, as he became more familiar with the life-styles of the participants, he conducted lengthy, unstructured, face-to-face interviews with, in most cases, 30 amateur or professional respondents. Each field demanded special methods of observation, analysis, interviewing, probing and reporting. As much as possible, however, Stebbins asked similar questions of all respondents in all fields so as to permit generalizations across these diverse fields. The result was a "substantive grounded theory" of each field studied. Stebbins has developed a "formal grounded theory" of amateurs and professionals based on the research accumulated in all eight substantive fields. By transcending a variety of contexts, he argues, one can gain a more enduring appreciation of the elements that affect peoples' experiences in work and leisure pursuits. A review of the findings across this wide range of activities, including his findings and ideas on hobbyists and career volunteers, enabled Stebbins to derive better definitions of the main concepts of the project, such as "amateur", "the public", and "serious leisure" -- as well as "professional", where he distinguishes between client-centred and public-centred professionals who, while sharing numerous ideal-typical attributes, vary as
Leisure and entertainment in America
Tourism & hospitality research : Australian and international perspectives : proceedings from the Australian tourism and hospitality research conference 1996
Urban space and identity in the European city 1890-1930s
Meaningful play, playful meaning
Community activity, leisure use and social structure
Marketing for leisure and tourism
Leisure and tourism : advanced GNVQ
It's a George thing!
Early warning : project background description
Manufacturing leisure : innovations in happiness, well-being and fun
Outdoor Adventure for Handicapped People
Leisure travel reservations through online channel : attitudes and motivations among students
Eco kids : self-sufficiency handbook
Outer Decks : more thought to design and furnishing
Activity-based approaches to travel analysis
Recovery from work stress : antecedents, processes and outcomes
I [love] Lapland : winter activity ; I [love] Lapland : winter serenity
Kymijoen vesistön alaosan vesien käytön kokonaissuunnitelma. 6, Vesistöjen soveltuvuus virkistyskäyttöön : Suitability of the water bodies for recreational use
Decentring leisure : rethinking leisure theory
The book of new family traditions : how to create great rituals for holidays and every day
Tallinners at leisure
Managing sport and leisure facilities : a guide to competitive tendering
Multiple dwelling and tourism : negotiating place, home and identity
Casino gambling in America : origins, trends, and impacts
The early sociology of culture. Vol. 2, The taxi-dance hall : a sociological study on commercialized recreation and city life
Out-of-class activities and English as a foreign language : language learning experiences of international Master's degree students in the University of Helsinki and Aalto University
The daring book for girls
Play and recreation for the open country
Betting the line : sports wagering in American life
The secularization of leisure : culture and communication in Israel
Our schools and recreation : the youth services program of the Los Angeles City Schools : school sponsored recreation for all children, youth, adults under the community recreation act
Individual choices, permanency of cultures : changes in leisure 1981-2002
England's revelry : a history of popular sports and pastimes, 1660-1830
Zu Gast im Herzen der Alpen : eine Bildgeschichte des Tourismus in Tirol = An invitation to the heart of the Alps : a pictorical history of tourism in the Tyrol = En vacances au coeur des Alpes : une histoire en images du tourisme au Tirol = Ospitalita nel cuore delle Alpi : un racconto per immagini del turismo nel Tirolo
Leisured resistance : villas, literature and politics in the Roman world
Marketing of an Estonian hotel chain in Saint-Petersburg
How to unplug your child : 101 ways to help your kids turn off their gadgets and enjoy real life
Ways of escape : modern transformations in leisure and travel
The leisure business and lifestyle
Geek Dad : awesomely geeky projects and activities for dads and kids to share
Leisure and the environment
Routledge international handbook of outdoor studies
The taxi-dance hall : a sociological study in commercialized recreation and city life
The photo competition of the Nordic seafares has long traditions
Role of experience in leisure travel behaviour
The business of leisure : tourism, sport, events and other leisure industries
Research methods for leisure and tourism : a practical guide
Meeting the marketing challenge : strategies for public libraries and leisure services
Leisure in figures : leisure and cultural participation in Finland in 1981 and 1991
The last resort : tourism, tourist employment and 'post-tourism' in the South East : South East economic development strategy
The leisure environment
The rough guide to travel online
Changing leisure interests in Finland : a perspective on the aged consumers
Leisure : penalty or prize?
Spare time activities : for scouts and others
Socialist escapes : breaking away from ideology and everyday routine in Eastern Europe, 1945-1989
Nature, recreation and sport in Helsinki
Unbored : the essential field guide to serious fun
Afterword : summer houses and saunas, parks and libraries - spaces of private and public consumption in Finland
Snowshoeing : [from novice to master]
Horwath book of tourism
Tourism, Leisure, Nature Protection and Agri-Tourism : principles, partnerships and practice. Workbook
The official survival game manual : text and photos by Lionel Atwill ; preface by Charles Gaines
When one size really does not fit all
The playworker's handbook
Management and planning in the leisure industries
The tourism and leisure industry : shaping the future
Leisure in industrial and post-industrial societies
Out-of-class English learning : a survey of learner activities in Finland and Germany
Global view of recreation : the World Recreation Congress, October 2-7, 1964, Osaka, Kobe, Nara, Tenri, Kyoto, Japan
Leadership in recreation and leisure services
50 things to do before you're 11 3/4
Walking in France
Amateurs, professionals, and serious leisure
Ice hockey refereeing as a hobby
Developments in tourism research
Dimensions of leisure for life : individuals and society
Lifestyle in China
Leisure-time physical activity in late adolescence : a cohort study of stability, correlates and familial aggregation in twin boys and girls
Three papers on the economics of recreation, tourism and property rights
Kymijoen vesistön alaosan vesien käytön kokonaissuunnitelma. 5, Virkistystoimintojen sijoittuminen nykyisin : Present location of recreational activities
Politics and leisure
Special recreation : opportunities for persons with disabilities
Knowledge intensive business services, users and cultural intermediaries
Literature, amusement, and technology in the Great Depression
Introduction to hospitality
Drinking the waters : creating an American leisure class at nineteenth-century mineral springs
Leisure-time physical activity, body mass index, and waist circumreference : a longitudinal twin study from adolescence to adulthood
European leisure businesses : strategies for the future
Recreational values of different types of sport-fishing in western Sweden
The Leisure Time Movement in Germany
Womenś leisure in England 1920-60
Creative management in recreation, parks, and leisure services
Leisure, recreation and tourism : a model of leisure activity
The way we were on holiday
Sports and leisure activities among Iranian refugees living in Jyväskylä - social integration through sports
Landscape, leisure and tourism : socio-spatial studies in experiences, practices and policies
Recreation in a school for the blind / : by O. H. Burritt
Arboretum Park in  Tampere : Two leisure time products for companies
Progress in tourism, recreation and hospitality management. Vol. 2
The frontier of leisure : Southern California and the shaping of modern America
Leisure management : issues and applications
A social psychology of leisure
The late socialist good life in Bulgaria : meaning and living in a permanent present tense
Why people recreate : an overview of research
Entertainment, arts and cultural services
Conceptual foundations for therapeutic recreation
The organizational basis of leisure participation : a motivational exploration
"Southern California has long been promoted as the playground of the world, the home of resort-style living, backyard swimming pools, and year-round suntans. Tracing the history of Southern California from the late nineteenth century through the late twentieth century, The Frontier of Leisure reveals how this region did much more than just create lavish resorts like Santa Catalina Island and Palm Springs--it literally remade American attitudes towards leisure. Lawrence Culver shows how this "culture of leisure" gradually took hold with an increasingly broad group of Americans, and ultimately manifested itself in suburban developments throughout the Sunbelt and across the United States. He further shows that as Southern Californians promoted resort-style living, they also encouraged people to turn inward, away from public spaces and toward their private homes and communities. Impressively researched, a fascinating and lively read, this finely nuanced history connects Southern Californian recreation and leisure to larger historical themes, including regional development, architecture and urban planning, race relations, Indian policy, politics, suburbanization, and changing perceptions of nature"--Provided by publisher.
"Combining environmental, urban, and cultural history, The Frontier of Leisure examines the history of leisure in Southern California, and how the tourist resorts, residential recreation, and leisure culture of Southern California transformed the region and influenced the nation as a whole. Beginning in the 1870s and continuing across the twentieth century, it examines the promotion of leisure and outdoor recreation in Southern California and the Southwest, and the problematic place of public recreation in the region's largest city, Los Angeles. It then explores private tourist leisure at two key Southern California resorts, Santa Catalina Island and Palm Springs. It concludes with an examination of the spread of Southern California's culture of leisure across the Sunbelt Southwest. By examining leisure in these interconnected places, The Frontier of Leisure documents how Southern California and the Southwest remade American attitudes about leisure, altered the national course of urban growth and architecture, and helped formulate the environmental attitudes of modern America. The histories of tourism, recreation, and urbanism in Southern California demonstrate how Americans interacted with nature in their everyday lives - how they experienced it on vacation, how they remade houses and yards to utilize nature as living and leisure space, and how a new suburban landscape, intended to offer the combined virtues of rural and urban life, took shape in Southern California, with profound consequences for the future of national urban and suburban development. Yet perceiving nature through leisure led to conflict with people who knew nature through labor or subsistence, as well as all those excluded from this new formulation of nature, leisure, and urban life"--Provided by publisher.
Tourism and leisure : towards the millennium. Volume 1, Tourism and leisure - culture, heritage and participation
Online commercial sites are growing and travel is the fastest growing segment of online commerce. Customers are more and more researching their travel on the Internet. Online leisure travel planners using the Internet are likely to be savvy Internet users. In this thesis the students? online buying behavior is examined.  For the research an extensive theoretical review was undertaken with readings of relevant literature. Theoretical concepts such as general customer buying process, online buying decision-making process, online consumer behavior and theories of use of the Internet in travel industry were carefully studied in this research. A quantitative questionnaire was conducted in the purpose of gaining better understanding of students? attitudes and motivations toward online travel reservation. The primary data was collected through online questionnaire, which was sent to e-mail addresses of a population of 867 students at TUAS. The questionnaire was open for nine days and during this time 88 replies were received.  The findings indicate that students use online travel websites very commonly when booking a trip. Students have very positive attitude toward online reservations. Students? web experience is positive. Searching for product information and holiday planning are done over the Internet. Remarkable finding was the fact that only 8% of all respondents use brochure when planning their holiday. Additionally smart phones and mobile devices are not used for making travel reservations. According to this research, social media and blogs are not so important information channel for the students.
Tourism and leisure : towards the millennium. Volume 2, Tourism and leisure - perspectives on provision
Fundamentals of leisure business success : a manager's guide to achieving success in the leisure and recreation industry
Leisure and sports : a sociological study on men's use of leisure and sports activities
Advertising in tourism and leisure
Constraints to leisure
Cultures and natures : cultural patterns, environmental orientations and outdoor recreation practices among Norwegian youth
Study of the leasure time sports activities of 10-12 year old children in Swaziland
Japanese civilization in the modern world XI : amusement
Introduction to recreation and leisure
The American boy's handy book : what to do and how to do it
Tourism : critical concepts in the social sciences. Volume 1, The nature and structure of tourism
Winter sports in the West
Beach huts and bathing machines
The economics of recreation, leisure and tourism
Children's recreation activities : facilities and animation : a study prepared for the Council for Cultural Co-operation
The complete polysyllabic spree : [the diary of an occasionally exasperated but ever hopeful reader]
A second home in Klaipeda = Talo Klaipedan satamassa
Recreation and special populations
Youth activities in modern Germany
The social psychology of leisure and recreation
Sport and leisure operations management
The out-of-home immersive entertainment frontier : expanding interactive boundaries in leisure facilities
Organizing around enthusiasms : patterns of mutual aid in leisure
Understanding Singaporeans : values, lifestyles, aspirations, and consumption behaviors
Leisure and play in therapy : theory, goals, and activities
"Leisured Resistance examines the varied ways in which cultured Roman aristocrats, of very different periods, used their country estates as a political and literary tool. While for some the villas were retreats in which to compose literature and to escape from politics, others adapted this same tradition of cultured otium (or deliberate retirement from everyday politics) to present radical and competing visions of society and literature alike. Examining in-depth sources from both prose and verse from the time of Cicero to the last centuries of the Roman Empire in the West, the title demonstrates how the traditional image of the Roman aristocrat on his country estate was politically and socially very flexible: allowing authors, as times and circumstances changed, to present themselves or their patrons and friends as being in retreat from politics, or alternatively, as providing a focus for political opposition through the deliberate embracing of cultural values and schools of philosophy that offered resistance to prevailing political orthodoxy. The title ends by exploring how this tradition was adapted in the greatly changed world of the barbarian-ruled kingdoms that replaced direct Roman rule in Gaul in the fifth and sixth centuries"--
Helsinki in your pocket : the essential city guide
Snowshoeing
