http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6931 welfare state
welfare state
Social policy and economic development in the Nordic countries
The principles of social policy
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition
The rise and fall of the Scandinavian model?
Patronage as politics of South Asia
Gunnar Myrdal's An American Dilemma: The Negro Problem and Modern Democracy persuaded many scholars that the United States failed to develop a robust welfare state because of its ethnic and racial heterogeneity, and, conversely, that homogeneity was a precondition for the creation of strong welfare states in European, especially Nordic, countries. With increasing diversity now challenging these welfare states, the kind of 'dilemma' that Myrdal identified no longer appears to be solely an American one. In this interdisciplinary volume, leading and emerging scholars examine the relationship between homogeneity and welfare state development. They trace Myrdal's influence on thinking about race in the US and explore current European states' approaches to the strangers in their midst, and what social citizenship looks like from a global perspective.Students and scholars of contemporary welfare states in the social sciences and policy studies will find this to be an insightful read, as the book challenges current perceptions. It will also be of interest to policy makers and practitioners looking to examine the historical context behind the politics of welfare states in the US and Scandinavia.
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
Towards a welfare society?
The welfare state in crisis : an account of the Conference on Social Policies in the 1980s : OECD, Paris, 20-23 October 1980.
Contradictions of the welfare state
Conflict and control in welfare policy : the Swedish experience
The future of the welfare state : remaking social policy
The Nordic model of social democracy
Capitalism and the welfare state : dilemmas of social benevolence
Comparing welfare states and their futures
Reforming the Bismarckian welfare systems
Taxes and tax-like payments
The state of welfare : the economics of social spending
Western policymakers, political activists and academics alike see patronage as the chief enemy of open, democratic societies. Patronage, for them, is a corrupting force, a hallmark of failed and failing states, and the obverse of everything that good, modern governance ought to be. South Asia poses a frontal challenge for this consensus. Here the world's most populous, pluralist and animated democracy is also a hotbed of corruption with persistently startling levels of inequality. Patronage as Politics in South Asia confronts this paradox with calm erudition: sixteen essays by anthropologists, historians and political scientists show, from a wide range of cultural and historical angles, that in South Asia patronage is no feudal residue or retrograde political pressure, but a political form vital in its own right. This volume suggests that patronage is no foe to South Asia's burgeoning democratic cultures, but may in fact be their main driving force.
Race, ethnicity and welfare states : an American dilemma?
Rolling back the market : economic dogma and political choice
Anti-social policy : welfare, ideology and the disciplinary state
Welfare peripheries : the development of welfare states in nineteenth and twentieth century Europe
European pension systems on the move : a comparative study of Germany, the United Kingdom and Finland
Children and social welfare in Europe
Social networks and civic culture in Estonia and North-western Russia
Displacement of social policies
The state and social welfare : the objectives of policy
Sociology and social welfare
A democratic architecture for the welfare state
Acts of resistance : against the tyranny of the market
Law at the margins : towards social participation?
Age in the welfare state : the origins of social spending on pensioners, workers, and children
Making social citizenship : conceptual practices from the Finnish poor law to professional social work
A manifesto for social Europe
Social policy in the modern world : a comparative text
Activation and labour market reforms in Europe : challenges to social citizenship
The European social model in crisis : is Europe losing its soul?
Modernity and the state : East, West
Deprivation, social welfare and expertise
The Routledge handbook of the welfare state
The welfare state : a reader
Social justice isn't what you think it is
Resilient welfare states - Nordic welfare state development in the late 20th century
The rise of the therapeutic state
This volume examines the relationship between Nordic social policy and economic development from a comparative perspective. It identifies the driving forces behind the development of the Nordic welfare model and the problems and dilemmas the model is facing at present. The book also traces the link between democratization and social policy, drawing attention to the role of the state and non-governmental organizations. Social Policy and Economic Development in Nordic Countries examines Nordic social policies on unemployment, social care, family, education and health care policies, and reviews future challenges of the welfare state in the information society.
The consequences of the crisis of the 1990s to the Nordic welfare state : Finland and Sweden
The emergence of the welfare states
Statism eroded? : labour market benefits and the challenges to the Scandinavian welfare states
A long goodbye to Bismarck? : the politics of welfare reform in continental Europe
Social policy and welfare state in Sweden
De-institutionalisation in Europe : literature review and meta-analysis on de-insititutionalisation
From poor relief towards institutional welfare states : the development of Scandinavian social policy
Family, state and social policy
The changing face of welfare
Austerity and prosperity : perspectives on Finnish society
Activation and Labour Market Reforms in Europe examines the consequences of activation policies from the individual citizen's perspective. The book offers an original analytical perspective of how the multidimensional concept of social citizenship can be used in comparative research in order to capture underlying policy change which is often underestimated by policy analysts who delimit their perspective to material aspects of social policy reforms. Eight case studies, covering the North, West, and South of Europe, provide a comprehensive analysis of labour market reforms, including aspects of labour promotion, income maintenance policies, and labour market regulation. Tackling both the contents and governance, the chapters draw a highly instructive picture of how activation policies affect the whole population, the middle class as well as more vulnerable social groups. The findings indicate a deep normative change of the given patterns of state-citizen relationships to the detriment of the citizens' autonomy.
Culture, identity, and politics
Welfare and the state : who benefits?
Convergence or divergence? : welfare states facing the European integration : proceedings from COST A7 Workshop in Sorø, Denmark, June 9-11, 1994
Recent trends in cash benefits in Europe
The Finnish population and social welfare : information and results of a nationwide population survey of social welfare
Margins of welfare : a study of modern functions of social assistance
Public/private interplay in social protection : a comparative study
The International Seminar on Social Work Research and Practice 1999
Cultivating the masses : modern state practices and Soviet socialism, 1914-1939
Understanding social policy
The Scandinavian model : welfare states and welfare research
The future of social protection in a unifying Europe = Sosiaaliturvan tulevaisuus yhdentyvässä Euroopassa
Restating the state?
Europe : an unfinished adventure
In search of civil society
EU enlargement versus social Europe? : the uncertain future of the European social model
The politics of social policy
In defence of the welfare state
Acts of resistance : against the new myths of our time
Summary.
Social versus corporate welfare : competing needs and interests within the welfare state
Welfare or welfare state? : contradictions and dilemmas in social policy
Social expenditure 1960-1990 : problems of growth and control
Understanding state welfare : social justice or social exclusion?
The Nordic welfare state, social policy, and social work
Social policy in Germany
Abstract: J.V. Snellman as an interpreter of Hegelś Philosophy of right.
The new politics of the welfare state
The logic of social welfare : conjectures and formulations
A crisis in care? : challenges to social work
The welfare state reader
Understanding the mixed economy of welfare
Life after the state
The welfare state and its aftermath
Social policy 1830-1914 : individualism, collectivism and the origins of the welfare state
Organized welfare : the case of Finland's welfare bureaucracy : a Nordic comparison
From the poor laws to the welfare state
Restructuring the welfare state : theory and reform of socal policy
Enabling social Europe
Finnish Lessons: what can the world learn from educational change in Finland?
On the highest forms of human welfare
The creation and development of social welfare in the Nordic countries
English summary.
Beyond welfare state models : transnational historical perspectives on social policy
Theory and practice of the welfare state in Europe in 20th century
Radical welfare state retrenchment in comparative perspective
Tough choices : structured paternalism and the landscape of choice
The social dimension of the European Community
The foundations of the welfare state
Who cares? and how? : futures of caring societies
English summary: Hypotheses on the contradictions and developmental zone of social work.
