http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6934 industrial countries
industrial countries
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2007.
Trade policy and global poverty
Losing control : global security in the twenty-first century
Social security policies in industrial countries : a comparative analysis
Rationality and values in the context of global social change : some theoretical observations on democracy and civil society
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
The great degeneration : how institutions decay and economies die
Jobs with equality
The new industrial state
The struggle for the West : a divided and contested legacy
On the general validity of the long-term PPP during the recent floating rates period : further evidence using efficient tests and confirmatory analysis
Vocational education and training in the developed world : a comparative study
Economic geographical analysis of the Finnish paper industry
Foreign investment, law and sustainable development : a handbook on agriculture and extractive industries
Finding new territories to expand a business is a common goal for many. Many markets are flooded with such a variety of products it is sometimes hard for an entering business to be noticed. Entering a virgin market that is not yet saturated with the mass companies is an ideal situation for a business. They would be new, fresh and desired. There are many countries that are considered to be up and coming economies. The factors in making these countries virtually untouched are many, some including poverty, crime, corruption and even terrorism. The objective of this thesis is to show Nigeria as a lucrative target market and to create a guide for entry. There are barriers to entry and fears of terrorism that keep many businesses away. In this work, it will unveil some of the people in Nigeria, lessening the mystery to this culture. The Nigerian culture is very business orientated and worldwide, business is business, and this is a common bond that foreign businesses have with their Nigerian counterparts. This thesis is written jointly with a Nigerian author and an American author, giving the knowledge of a native Nigerian as well as the questions of an outsider. The commissioners for this thesis are also used as the case companies. The first commissioner/case company is Vallila Interior, a Finnish interior design company and the focus will be on their brightly colored textiles. The second commissioner/case company will be Altretes Enterprises, a Nigerian interior design company wishing to import foreign textiles to meet their clientele’s demand. This thesis will be a guide on connecting the two companies and easing some fears the Finnish company might have about entering the Nigerian market.
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2006.
Comparative studies in science and society
Poverty and economic inequality in industrialized Western societies
Blending of new and traditional technologies : case studies
The G8, the United Nations, and conflict prevention
The state and the family : a comparative analysis of family policies in industrialized countries
Green industrial restructuring : international case studies and theoretical interpretations
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Increasing excess mortality among non-married elderly people in development countries
Annual report 2002.
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Review of the global forest industries
The world crisis in social security
The academic research enterprise within the industrialized nations : comparative perspectives : report of a symposium
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
G8 against transnational organized crime
Foreign Direct Investment in the Real and Financial Sector of Industrial Countries
The future of North-South relations : conflict or cooperation?
How the west was lost : fifty years of economic folly - and the stark choices ahead
Export process to the United States of America
Value chain dynamics and the small-scale fisheries and aquaculture trade
Civil society, NGDOs and social development : changing the rules of the game
Improving the quality of dry-cured sausages using pork from rustic breeds
North-south trade, employment and inequality : changing fortunes in a skill-driven world
The geography of agriculture in developed market economies
In their Natural Resource Governance and EITI Implementation in Nigeria, Musa Abutudu and Dauda Garuba provide the most up-to-date and in-depth analysis of the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), providing a balanced yet critical evaluation of its performance, limitations and potential as an institution for helping Africa's largest oil exporter to escape the so called resource curse and lay a firm basis for sustainable development. This Current African Issue contains valuable insights and information that will be of interest to all those with a keen interest in institutionalising transparency and accountability in natural resource governance in Africa.
Poverty levels in the developed world
Exposure assessment of animals to sediments contaminated by pulp and paper mills
Retirement in industrialized societies : social, psychological and health factors
World food prospects : critical issues for the early twenty-first century
Trade policies towards developing countries
Tracing the special and differential treatment principle through the CARIFORUM EPA
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2004.
A guide for Finnish textile companies entering Nigeria
Beyond the Dependency Culture : people, power and responsibility in the 21st century
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Towards the goal of full employment : trends, obstacles and policies
Below-replacement fertility in industrial societies : causes, consequences, policies
Future challenges of forest policy analysis
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
The role and application of food science and technology in industrialized countries : proceedings of an IUFoST/OECD symposium, Helsinki-Espoo, Finland, September 15-17, 1981
The decline of nature : environmental history and the western worldview
Taxation and gender equity : a comparative analysis of direct and indirect taxes in developing and developed countries
International Price Indexation
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Paying for agricultural productivity
Urban poverty in developed countries
Researching literacy in industrialised countries : trends and prospects
Work and its future : as viewed by Finnish citizens and experts : final report of the Work in Transition project financed by the Finnish Work Environment Fund
What kind of policy instrument is labour market training? : research report on aims, targets and resources of labour market training in OECD countries
Agricultural trade policies in the new millennium
Collective bargaining in industrialised market economies : a reappraisal
Developing country debt crisis : the pure theory of country risk
Fair trade : a beginner's guide
Suggestions for developing export garment processing activities of MAIDUC Company Ltd Vietnam
Financing development : the G8 and UN contribution
Economies of recycling : the global transformation of materials, values and social relations
The silent revolution : changing values and political styles among Western publics
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Welfare politics cross-examined: : eclecticist analytical perspectives on Sweden and the developed world, from the 1880s to the 2000s
"Comprehensive examination of the economic, social, and political context of climate policy in industrialized and developing nations. Calls for a multilateral approach that goes beyond the mitigation-focused Kyoto policies and stresses the importance of generating policies that work within a time frame commensurate with that of climate change itself"--Provided by publisher.
Comparative essays on education in industrialised and developing countries
From aid to re-colonization : lessons of a failure
The role of the G8 in international peace and security
Financial poverty in developed countries : the evidence from LIS : final report to the UNDP
Citizen politics : public opinion and political parties in advanced industrial democracies
Forestry and development - a global viewpoint
Aging and social expenditure in the major industrial countries, 1980-2025
Simply sharing : a personal survey of how well the ecumenical movement shares its resources
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Social change : sources, patterns and consequenses
Seed potato systems in developed countries: Canada, the Netherlands and Great Britain
Critical pedagogy and cultural power
The use of pork from rustic pig breeds was tested to improve the quality of dry-cured fermented sausages. The quality of a salchichon/salami-type sausage manufactured with pork from Chato Murciano breed (CM) and Early White pig (EW) (Large White x Landrace breed) was compared. CM pork improved several quality characteristics of dry-cured fermented sausage. Significant (p . 0.05) differences between mean CM and EW values were found for total lipids, ash, collagen, water activity, total acidity, CIELab colour, proteolysis, fat acidity, fatty acid profile, total viable counts, lactic acid bacteria, Micrococacceae, moulds and yeasts, colour, odour, flavour, fattiness and acceptance. CM mainly intensified the reddening of sausage cuts and increased monounsaturated acids in fat. Acceptance was also better for CM, although odour and flavour were only slightly improved. The production of high-quality specialities of dry-cured meat products can contribute to the sustainable production of CM and similar rustic pig breeds, maintaining the genetic diversity of pig species.
Trade and environment : difficult policy choices at the interface
Western economies in transition : structural change and adjustment policies in industrial countries
International Monetary Fund : annual report 1998.
World economic survey
Rural development issues in industrialized countries
Gains and losses from trade when countres differ in public knowledge stocks
Trends in asylum migration to industrializad countries : 1990-2001
Disguised unemployment : the G7 experience
Manufacturing Industries before and after the Collapse of  Soviet Markets : a Comparison of Finnish and Czechoslovak  Experience
Coping with the economic crisis : alternative responses to economic recession in advanced industrial societies
Benefits of agricultural and forestry machinery standardization in Finland
Regulating employment and welfare : company and national policies of labour force participation at the end of worklife in industrial countries
Method development for determination and recovery of rare earth elements from industrial fly ash
Social change : the advent and maturation of modern society
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2001.
Dispatches from Africa
Science policies of industrial nations : Case studies of the United States, Soviet Union, United Kingdom, France, Japan, and Sweden
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran contamination of sediments and photochemical decontamination of soils
Climate change and agriculture : an economic analysis of global impacts, adaptation and distributional effects
The G7/G8 system : evolution, role and documentation
Vocational and general education in western industrial societies
Through a glass, darkly : functional illiteracy in industrialized countries
The guilt of the intellectual : emotive motives and reflexive responses in North-South relations
Reinventing the Left
Commonality and variation in social fluidity in industrial nations : some preliminary results
Industrial societies : crisis and division in Western capitalism and state socialism
Sound mining in the North : a guide to environmental regulation and best practices supporting social sustainability
Exploring firm level market knowledge competence and its implications for the speed and success of export expansion : a mixed methodology study from the software industry
Corporations, classes and capitalism
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
Challenges and opportunities for business advantage in Finnish pellet industries : results on literature review and retailer survey
European business
Air pollution impacts on crops and forests : a global assessment
Asia's export processing zones and science parks in global markets
Global connections : international telecommunications infrastructure and policy
Energy for a sustainable world
Private pension policies in industrialized countries : a comparative analysis
Exploratory study on approaches to the social impact of structural adjustment policies
Empirical evidence on income inequality in industrialized countries
The principal motive behind writing this Bachelor’s thesis is to uncover the importing procedures of garments and related items from an Asian country (Bangladesh) to a European country (Finland). Finnish market situation is also observed in order to understand the demand of Bangladesh ready-made garments. In theoretical framework, materials for instances books, articles published in Internet and already written thesis have been used. Supervisor’s guidance in preparing this thesis has been an inevitable part. The market is cut throat competition and factors that are responsible in dragging the business down and promoting need be precisely comprehended. A part from competition issues, business venture needs to analyze the legal procedures, tax issues, corporate social responsibility and last but not the least customer satisfaction. The very basic concept of writing this thesis is to basically focus on issues on import procedure, customs duties, how a noncommunity products becomes a community products and gets free movement status, how shipment is done and who is responsible, the most risk free payment against goods, what can be legal treatment in case contract is breached. Theoretical framework is reinforced by empirical art of work and findings will be submitted to the stakeholders and general public those who are interested in international business. All business activities a company does is to satisfy the customer’s demand by adding higher value in the products thru different ways, bringing them in proper market and selling them in time. Most importantly, the customer’s trend is changing day by day and this trend may bring company’s success and failure. 21st century is the customers’ era as well as the hightech era. Business institutions want products, as early as possible in a named place so there is need of third party like Nefin Trading, that provides goods wherever and whenever it is felt necessary. Such company guarantees the quality of product and reasonable price. Furthermore, Nefin Trading is committed to complying with applicable law. As part of CSR, Nefin Trading is also determined to what it can do to keep the environment intact.
Wake up and dream
Rich lands and poor : the road to world prosperity
Mining impacts on agricultural lands and food security : case study of towns in and around Kyebi in the Eastern Region of Ghana
Investment Climate of the Russian Federation and Its Petroleum Industry
Navigating the new normal in industrial countries
The Russian economy is evidently largely based on the energy sector.This has raised concern in academic circles as to whether Russia is to some degree affected by the Dutch disease, i.e. whether a sharp rise of commodity prices results in an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which undermines the competitiveness of manufacturing and may lead to the deindustrialization of the economy.We focus on this possible final outcome, which has not been studied much in the literature so far: We compare Russian industrial import growth - based on EU-25 volume export figures to Russia - with domestic industrial production growth, disaggregated by branches, in the period from 2002 to 2006.In all manufacturing sectors except electrical, electronic and optical equipment and strongly protected foodstuffs, imports are found to be expanding faster than domestic output.In some sectors, imports have even exceeded domestic production.Import competition is therefore strong and rising.We conclude that Russia may be facing incipient deindustrialization at least in some parts of the manufacturing sector.This could indicate that the Russian economy has contracted the Dutch disease, although it should be noted that other factors could also have driven sectoral changes.While it is beyond the scope of our study to examine whether the other chain links of the Dutch disease hold as well, it does provide evidence of some movements in the direction of deindustrialization, which is in line with the Dutch disease theory. Keywords: Dutch disease, Russia, EU25, import competition, deindustrialization, foreign trade .
Global inequality matters
Globalization and social policy : the threat to equitable welfare
Agricultural policies, protectionism and trade : selected working papers, 1985-1987
Rival capitalists : international competitiveness in the United States, Japan, and Western Europe
Life expectancy and adult mortality in industrialised countries
Making North-South research networks work : a contribution to the work on A Common Vision for the Future of Science and Technology for Development by the United Nations Commission for Science and Technology for Development (UNCSTD)
One-dimensional man : studies in the ideology of advanced industrial society
From deforestation into sustainable forestry - a transition based on markets and policies
Restructuring capital : recession and reorganization in industrial society
Natural resource governance and EITI implementation in Nigeria
"The globalization of trade, investment, and finance continues apace. Many have benefited from this, but deep inequalities persist. This book argues that the interconnections established by globalization make possible a critique of its inequality. For those who take seriously human dignity, equality is a basic presumption of social institutions"--Provided by publisher.
Import process of ready-made garments from Bangladesh to Finland
World deforestation in the twentieth century
Digital Optimism and the Case for Caution
Non-distorting farm support to enhance global food production
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Annual report of the Executive Board for the financial year ended ..
The Rusian non-fuel sector : signs of Dutch disease? : evidence  from EU-25 import competition
Telecommunications reform in the Asia-Pacific region
World employment report
Income poverty in advanced countries
The future of industrial societies : problems-prospects-solutions
First world nationalisms : class and ethnic politics in Northern Ireland and Quebec
