http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6936 human relations
human relations relationships
The lost daughter
Christmas at Twilight
An old man looks into the fearful eyes of a burglar left to guard him while his brother is beaten; an Irish priest in a war-torn Syrian town teaches its young men the art of hurling; the driver of a car which crashed, killing a teenage girl, forges a connection with the girl's mother; a squad of broken friends assemble to take revenge on a rapist; a young man sets off on his morning run, reflecting on the ruins of his relationship, but all is not as it seems.
"Only two can keep a secret if one of them is dead. David and Adele seem like the ideal pair. He's a successful psychiatrist, she is his picture-perfect wife who adores him. But why is he so controlling? And why is she keeping things hidden? As Louise, David's new secretary, is drawn into their orbit, she uncovers more puzzling questions than answers. The only thing that is crystal clear is that something in this marriage is very, very wrong. But Louise can't guess how wrong - and how far a person might go to protect their marriage's secrets. "--
The sum of all kisses
The duke is mine
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec and his team of investigators are called in to the scene of a suspicious death in a rural village south of Montreal. Jane Neal, a local fixture in the tiny hamlet of Three Pines, just north of the U.S. border, has been found dead in the woods. The locals are certain it's a tragic hunting accident and nothing more, but Gamache smells something foul in these remote woods, and is soon certain that Jane Neal died at the hands of someone much more sinister than a careless bowhunter.--From publisher description.
Touch me with fire : a novel
A good rake is hard to find
The story of three women whose friendship will change their lives forever.
How to win friends and influence people
The noodle maker
Brown-eyed girl
The ruin of a rogue
After going through a time gateway, Caleb Hornblower is stuck in the present. He needs to find a way to return to the future, but after falling in love with Liberty Stone, Caleb isn't sure he can leave the past behind.
Ten ways to be adored when landing a Lord
The favor
A summer seduction
The cruelest month
Dare to touch
Dear life : stories
How to capture a countess
Lily has come a long way from the small town in Maine where she grew up. She graduated from college, moved to Boston, and started her own business. So when she feels a spark with a gorgeous neurosurgeon named Ryle Kincaid everything in Lily's life suddenly seems almost too good to be true. Ryle is assertive, stubborn, and maybe even a little arrogant. He's also sensitive, brilliant and has a total soft spot for Lily. Lily can't get him out of her head, but Ryle's complete aversion to relationships is disturbing. Even as Lily finds herself becoming the exception to his no dating rule, she can't help but wonder what made him that way in the first place. As questions about her new relationship overwhelm her, so do thoughts of Atlas Corrigan, her first love and a link to the past she left behind. When Atlas suddenly reappears everything Lily has built with Ryle is threatened.
Summer is for lovers
Mother, mother : a novel
Getting back out there : secrets to successful dating and finding true love after the big breakup
Horse play
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
Nadia knows best
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec is called to investigate the death of a villager at an Easter séance that was held at the Old Hadley House.
Best kind of broken
The vegetarian : a novel
The ethical slut : a practical guide to polyamory, open relationships & other adventures
Three little words
No-one ever has sex on a Tuesday
Her grace's stable
This is where it ends
People think they have Camille Logan nailed: daddy's girl; beautiful, spoiled young woman with her father's bank balance to fund her lifestyle. But Camille is determined to have a life free from his strings. Out on her own, she's made mistakes, including one that found her clawing her way back after a stint in rehab and plenty of bad press. Now, after fighting so hard to be independent and happy, she finds her life threatened as a result of her father's ruthless business dealings. Caught between resentment and fear, Camille prepares herself for the measures her father will take to protect her--but nothing could prepare her for the ex-SAS sniper who crashes into her life"--Amazon.com.
Until we touch
Sweet tomorrows : a Rose Harbor novel
Tamed
Thrill me
His captive lady
The promise
Study for the Iceni Project: can staff enable change with their interventions?  : Service users’ and staff’s points of view
When John Mason discovers that his fiancee's father has embezzled thousands of pounds from their mutual business, he's furious. When his betrothed, Miss Mary Chartley, flees, taking the money and all the evidence with her, he's outraged. He plans to bring the woman he once loved to account -- and he'll shed no tears when he does. But when he finds Mary, she's not living a life of luxury. Instead, she's serving as a companion in exchange for a pittance. The more he attempts to untangle the truth, the more he remembers why he first loved Mary...and how much he wishes he could do so again.
The trouble with goats and sheep
Wild with you
One good earl deserves a lover
One wish
When it happens to you : a novel in stories
The bride wore pearls
First season ; Bride to be
The trouble with Henry and Zoe
The darkness within him
Highland Spitfire
What the light hides
The limit
Black feminist thought : knowledge, consciousness, and the politics of empowerment
Minutes after the principal of Opportunity High School in Alabama finishes her speech welcoming the student body to a new semester, they discover that the auditorium doors will not open and someone starts shooting as four teens, each with a personal reason to fear the shooter, tell the tale from separate perspectives.
'Yes, bastard, you're the one I love'. A pair of lovers - a young female journalist and an older man who owns an isolated farm in the Brazilian outback - spend the night together. The next day they proceed to destroy each other. Amid vitriolic insults, cruelty and warring egos, their sexual adventure turns into a savage power game. This intense, erotic cult novel by one of Brazil's most infamous modernist writers explores alienation, the desire to dominate and the wish to be dominated. This is a new translation by Stefan Tobler.
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
How to tame a wild fireman : a bachelor firemen novel
What happened at midnight
Once more, my darling rogue
The state we're in
Henry and Zoe have more in common than they realise. For a start, they both have pasts they'd rather leave behind. After jilting his childhood sweetheart on the eve of their wedding in the small town where they both grew up, Henry runs away to London, planning to reinvent himself and start afresh. Zoe has her own healing to do and so she plans to leave London, travel the world, and figure out just what it is she wants out of life. She doesn't know where she's going, but she is determined to go there alone. If Henry and Zoe had met one year ago, perhaps things could have worked out differently. But that's not the way it works; they meet seven months after their worlds have been turned upside down. And four months before Zoe is due to climb on a plane.
The taming of the duke
No good duke goes unpunished
I'll take New York
"Hello, Ms. Vivian . . . it's been a long time." And with those words, Vivian Leigh Rochet nearly melted. It's been years since she last saw Harrison Whitley-Shuler. She was a teenager scrubbing houses for a living. He was the gorgeous son of rich parents, not fit for the likes of her. Vivian had vowed to get out of Charleston, become a big Hollywood star, and stick it to the snooty girls who made her cry. She got what she wanted and more but why does her glamorous life seem so trivial? Harrison got out too . . . making it all the way to Wall Street, until a heart attack forced him to trade in his cufflinks for a good set of hand tools. Making furniture soothes his soul, but escaping the Whitley-Shuler heritage is nearly impossible. And now he's come face-to-face with the one who got away. He's not looking for love. He's not even looking for sex . . . so why is resisting her the hardest thing he's ever done?
Duke of midnight
The tattooist
Mistress by midnight
All the single ladies : a novel
The widow's auction : a novella
The protector
Tempted
The map and the territory
As heir to a title and great wealth, Will Masterson should have stayed home and tended his responsibilities. Instead he went to war. Now, after perilous years fighting the French, he intends his current mission to be his last. But all his plans are forgotten when he arrives in the small mountain stronghold of San Gabriel and meets her. Knowing herself to be too tall, strong, and unconventional to appeal to a man, Athena Markham has always gloried in her independence. But for the first time in her life, she finds a man who might be her match. Two of a kind, too brave for their own good, Athena and Will vow to do whatever it takes to vanquish San Gabriel's enemies. For neither will back down from death, and only together can they find happiness and a love deeper than any they'd dared imagine. . .
The happiness hypothesis : finding modern truth in ancient wisdom
Bridget Jones finds herself unexpectedly pregnant at the eleventh hour. However, her joyful pregnancy is dominated by one crucial but awkward question --who is the father? Could it be honorable, decent, notable human rights lawyer, Mark Darcy? Or, is it charming, witty, and totally despicable, Daniel Cleaver?
The summer girls
The color master : stories
The first love cookie club
The winter bride : [a Chance sisters romance]
Summer on the short bus
WTF are men thinking? : 250,000 men tell the truth about what women really want to know
If the viscount falls
Creating shared understandings of interpersonal relationships in online settings
Analyzing multimodal interaction : a methodological framework
Will's true wish
The lady risks all
Fallout : a novel
The shade of the moon
The new rules of attraction : how to get him, keep him, & make him beg for more
Hero by night
The castle in the Pyrenees
The honey trap
Mischief and mistletoe
Three sisters
The homecoming
The last chance Christmas ball
Adult attachment styles : a person-oriented approach
Years after discovering her father's predatory double life, successful photographer Naomi Bowes struggles to hide her painful past from her fellow residents in a community thousands of miles away, a situation that introduces her to a new relationship and forces her to confront her demons.
"On his thirty-fifth birthday, Jake St. Cloud inherits a fortune--and learns the whereabouts of his mysterious half-brother. On her deathbed, Selma St. Cloud revealed that Jake had a sibling, a product of his father's affair. At last, Jake is in a position to track down Alex Rosario and make amends for their father's past neglect. At least, that's the plan. When their initial meeting goes badly, a distraught Jake crashes his car and is sentenced to community work--with Alex as his parole officer. Jake must spend a year helping Angelica Dancer and her daughter, Fancy, at the Dancer Foundation for neglected children. Fancy, scarred within and without by the accident that ended her ballet career, is even less happy with the arrangement than Jake. Yet as they're thrown together, Jake, Alex, Angelica, and Fancy make unexpected connections. And as he unravels the painful truths of his past, Jake realizes that his mother's greatest gift to him lies not in his inheritance, but in the future, and the family, he's slowly piecing together" --
I'll be right there : a novel
Fates and furies
Passion for the game
Christmas in Mustang Creek
A rogue by any other name
A scot in the dark
A good catch
The ribbon weaver
Come back to me
Above the waterfall : a novel
What the duke desires
A passion for him
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
"Set in Cedar Cove's charming Rose Harbor Inn, Debbie Macomber's captivating new novel follows innkeeper Jo Marie and two new guests as they seek healing and comfort, revealing that every cloud has a silver lining, even when it seems difficult to find.  Since opening the Rose Harbor Inn, Jo Marie Rose has grown close to her handyman, Mark Taylor. Jo Marie and Mark are good friends--and are becoming something more--yet he still won't reveal anything about his past. When Mark tells her that he's moving out of town, Jo Marie is baffled. Just when she is starting to open herself up again to love, she feels once more that she is losing the man she cares about. And as she discovers the secret behind Mark's decision to leave, she welcomes two visitors also seeking their own answers.  Best friends Kellie Crenshaw and Katie Gilroy have returned to Cedar Cove for their ten-year high school reunion, looking to face down old hurts and find a sense of closure. Kellie, known as Coco, wants to finally confront the boy who callously broke her heart. Katie, however, wishes to reconnect with her old boyfriend, James--the man she still loves and the one who got away. As Katie hopes for a second chance, Coco discovers that people can change--and both look to the exciting possibilities ahead.  Heartwarming and uplifting, Silver Linings is a beautiful novel of letting go of the past and embracing the unexpected"--
OMG baby!
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
Once a soldier
About Grace
The wicked wallflower
With this ring
Forever friday : a novel
The obsession
Fancy dancer
Misled
Games people play : the psychology of human relationships
How to pursue a princess
Lord and Lady spy
People we love
The tempting of Thomas Carrick : a Cynster novel
According to Queeney
Saint anything
Two of a kind
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
Ask for it
A cup of rage
Sophia Armitage was a friend, indeed. She had agreed to help Sir Nathaniel Gascoigne find a husband for his cousin Lavina in the glittering city of London-only half hoping to find one for herself. Sophia knew the odds were against her. Men simply did not seem to be attracted to her-not in that way. Even her late husband had treated Sophia more as a companion than a lover. But than something shocking in London-Sophia found herself in the arms of Nathaniel himself.
Ask For It
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
The brothers
One with you
Smart girls get what they want
Tears from heaven
The vintage guide to love and romance
Cold-hearted rake
The traitor
A bride by moonlight
Enraptured
"A novel of Mata Hari's final days, as written by the woman herself while accused of espionage" --
"The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm"--
The essex serpent
What happens in Scotland
The confidence game : why we fall for it ... every time
Will Dorning, as an earl's spare, has accepted the thankless duty of managing his rambunctious younger siblings, though Will's only true companions are the dogs he's treasured since boyhood. When aristocratic London is plagued with a series of dognappings, Will's brothers are convinced that he's the only person who can save the stolen canines from an awful fate. Shy, bookish Lady Susannah Haddonfield has no patience with loud, smelly beasts of any species, but must appear to like dogs so as not to offend her sister's only marital prospect. Susannah turns to Will, an acquaintance from her most awkward adolescent years, to teach her how to impersonate a dog fancier.
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of couples and family relationships
Sweet filthy boy
Leadership : the power of emotional intelligence : selected writings
The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm.
What my mother gave me : thirty-one women on the gifts that mattered most
A spool of blue thread
The last anniversary
The true love quilting club
Pleasures of a notorious gentleman
They disappeared
A slanting of the sun : stories
Uninvited study guide : living loved when you feel less than, left out, and lonely
The first kiss
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
Irresistible
Unrequited : women and romantic obsession
The spy : a novel
Bridget Jones's baby : the diaries
Strange weather in Tokyo
When Leda's daughters leave home to be with their father, she decides to take a trip to a small coastal town in Italy, but soon after she arrives memories from her unsettled past come back to haunt her.
It ends with us
Over the last decade or so research into bullying, emotional abuse and harassment at work, as distinct from harassment based on sex or race and primarily of a non-physical nature, has emerged as a new field of study. Two main academic streams have emerged: a European tradition applying the concept of 'mobbing' or 'bullying' and the American tradition, primarily identified through concepts such as emotional abuse and mistreatment. One focuses on the perpetrator, the other on the victim. In addition research in this field has also started in Australia and South Africa. All are brought together in this work, in a synthesis of research and analysis of practice in the field. In addition, this book aims to document the existence and consequences of the problem of bullying, to explore its causes and to investigate the effectiveness of approaches aimed at mitigating and managing the problem, as well as to offer suggestions for further progress in this important new field.
To the ends of the earth
Seven years to sin
When she was wicked
Pleasured
The laird who loved me
Heroes are my weakness : a novel
Say yes to the marquess
When the rogue returns
The chance
In this gripping novel of suspense by #1 New York Times bestselling author Lisa Jackson, a small timber town nestled in the shadow of Oregon's Cascade Mountains is the perfect place for a killer to hide.
Lying together
Talk sweetly to me
Once she was tempted
Menolly, an acrobat-turned-vampire and operative for the Otherworld Intelligence Agency, must finally confront her sire, Dredge, who, in partnership with the demon Shadow Wing, is turning humans into newborn vampires.
Wildest dreams
Never judge a lady by her cover
A Joosr guide to how to win friends and influence people by Dale Carnegie
The art of loving
The hero
Time was
Beyond Palomar
Truly madly guilty
Barefoot season
Bullying and emotional abuse in the workplace : international perspectives in research and practice
The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Couples and Family Relationships presents original articles from leading experts that link research, policy, and practice together to reflect the most current knowledge of contemporary relationships. Offers interesting new perspectives on a range of relationship issues facing twenty-first century Western society Helps those who work with couples and families facing with relationship issues Includes practical suggestions for dealing with relationship problems Explores diverse issues, including family structure versus functioning; attachment theory; divorce and family breakdown; communication and conflict; self regulation, partner regulation, and behavior change; care-giving and parenting; relationship education; and therapy and policy implications.
Lord of darkness
Bull’s eye : the power of focus
Blaise St. James, her violet eyes blazing with resolve and her raven-haired allure disguised under drab servants' clothes, flees her privileged life rather than be married off to some unfeeling English gentleman. But after encountering Julian Morrow, Viscount Lynden, she is caught in his spell. With the face and form of an Adonis, and the charisma that comes only with wealth and good breeding, Julian is undoubtedly an aristocrat. Yet his soul bears the scars of war and of a woman's treachery, and his searing blue eyes speak with a passion that belies his noble blood. Blaise trembles at his very touch, helpless to his sensual kisses. He will have her - whether she is the innocent runaway she claims to be, or the skilled seductress he suspects. But his proposal is not one a gentleman makes to a lady. . . .
The Nakano thrift shop
