http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6941 speech technique
speech technique
The influence of English on spoken computer Finnish
The voice book : for everyone who wants to make the most of their voice
In The Voice Exercise Book, Jeannette Nelson - Head of Voice at the National Theatre - shares the voice exercises she uses with many of Britain's leading actors to help to keep their voices in shape. Her belief is that all of us, not just actors, can learn to use our voices well. Whether you perform professionally or you just want to be understood clearly and easily, you can improve your voice by knowing how it works and by practising simple exercises. The aim is not to 'fake it' – to try to sound like someone else. It is to find your authentic voice: to be honestly and clearly you in any situation.
Speech synthesis and recognition
The competent public speaker
Dumbstruck : a cultural history of ventriloquism
Interpreting for international conferences : Problems of language and communication
Text entry by eye gaze
Actor training the Laban way : an integrated approach to voice, speech and movement
The verbal arts workbook : a practical course for speaking text with clarity and expressive power
Techniques in speech acoustics
The right to speak : working with the voice
Is your voice telling on you? : how to find and use your natural voice
Voice and speech training in the new millennium : conversations with master teachers
Voice and the Alexander technique : active explorations for speaking and singing
Optimizing spectral feature based text-Independent speaker recognition
Speaking technically : a handbook for scientists, engineers, and physicians on how to improve technical presentations
The fictions of language and the languages of fiction : the linguistic representation of speech and consciousness
The purpose of this thesis was to design and analyze of multirate anti-aliasing and reconstruction filters. The design was made for narrowband speech sampling on a low-power microcontroller. The goal was to achieve feasible construction with equal performance compared to an off-the-shelf voice codec solution. Human voice production and measurement were analyzed. The frequency content of human voice was studied for optimal design. Speech is frequency encoded signal and authentic capturing requires careful signal conditioning. For narrowband speech with optimal sampling, aliasing poses a threat to the signal quality and requires filters with high roll-off. Speech sampling theory was reviewed and common sampling techniques compared for analysis to aid the design. The design used an SAR ADC, a more common ADC for microcontrollers, which was compared to a delta-sigma ADC that is usually seen in audio applications. Oversampling was used for digital anti-aliasing filter design. Analog and digital design were combined to minimize analog filter stage requirements. FIR filters were designed and analyzed in Mathworks Matlab. The filter design used multirate construction to separate decimation and interpolation stages to more compact size, thus reducing the total filter coefficient amount and computational requirements significantly. The design was realized on ARM Cortex M3 microcontroller. FIR filter instances were constructed using ARM CMSIS DSP library. The code for the project was created on free to use web-based ARM mbed IDE. Simulation and measurements showed that aliasing requirements were achieved in the designed accuracy.
Voice and speech in the theatre
Contemporary public speaking
The owner's manual to the voice : a guide for singers and other professional voice users
The actor speaks   : voice and the performer
How to present at meetings
Public speaking
Dazzle ʼem with style : the art of oral scientific presentation
Regional German vowel studies
Vocal arts workbook and dvd : a practical course for achieving clarity and expression with your voice
Presentation skills for students
Training the speaking voice
Communicate clearly
Speech enhancement : theory and practice
Professional voice : the science and art of clinical care. Vol. 2
Speech and drama
Voice and the young actor : a workbook and dvd
A voice of your own
Acting skills
Technical writing and speaking : an introduction
Abstract in Finnish.
The performer's voice
Effective meetings. Teacher's book
The voice exercise book : a guide to healthy and effective voice use
VO : tales and techniques of a voice-over actor
Voice in test : studies on sound level measurement and on the effects of various combinations of environmental humidity, speaking output level and body posture on voice range profiles
Freeing the natural voice
Your voice and how to use it successfully
Voice into acting : integrating voice and the Stanislavski approach
The international guide to speech acquisition
Digital speech : coding for low bit rate communication systems
Professional voice : the science and art of clinical care. Vol. 3
An inspiring, practical guide to working with young people on their voices, by a highly experienced teacher, actor and director. Teaching Voice is for all youth-theatre leaders, workshop facilitators, teachers or lecturers who want to help their students to develop their voices - either as a component in theatre training, while rehearsing a play, or for the benefit of their personal development.
The actor speaks : voice and the performer
Text-to-speech synthesis
The voice book : caring for, protecting, and improving your voice
The oral style
Make your voice heard : an actor's guide to increased dramatic range through vocal training
Classic voice : working with actors on vocal style
Captivology : the science of capturing people's attention
Voice and the actor
Writing and speaking in the technology professions : a practical guide
Voice : onstage and off
Constructing the holistic actor : Fitzmaurice Voicework®
Hearing gestures : vocalisations as embodied projections of intentionality in designing non-speech sounds for communicative functions
Daily life with computer augmented communication : real life experiences from the lives of severely disabled speech impaired children
How to give a great presentation
Voice and the Young Actor is written for the student. It is inviting in format, language and illustration and offers clear and inspiring instructions. A DVD features 85 mins and 28 filmed voice workshop excersises with the author and two students. These students log their reflections in the book on what they have learned throughout their training and there is space for the reader to do the same. A workbook in format, Voice and the Young Actor provides simple, interactive vocal exercises and shows young performers how to take voice work into acting.
The teaching voice
Eloquence is action : a study of form and text's influence on the vocal delivery style of Shakespeare in Sweden 1934-1985
Exercises for voice therapy
Your body, your voice : the key to natural singing and speaking
Implementing speaker recognition system : from Matlab to practice
Mobile communications : re-negotiation of the social sphere
Essence of effective communication
From word to play : a handbook for directors
The voice sourcebook
Teaching voice : workshops for young performers
Human factors and voice interactive systems
Vocalizing with ease : a self-improvement guide
Make a great speech
Professional voice : the science and art of clinical care. Vol. 1
Clinical voice pathology : theory and management
Speech : a handbook of voice training, diction and public speaking
How to improve your speaking voice
The human voice : the story of a talent
Dynamics of the singing voice
Bodymind & voice : foundations of voice education
Professional voice : the science and art of clinical care
Public speaking : an audience-centered approach
Freeing Shakespeare's voice : the actor's guide to talking the text
Care of the professional voice : a guide to voice management for singers, actors and professional voice users
How to do standard English accents
Digital multirate filter for speech sampling on a microcontroller
The use and training of the human voice : a practical approach to speech and voice dynamics
Linguistic form and social action
Creative radio production
This bestselling book by one of the world's foremost voice and acting coaches is a classic in its field. Practical, passionate and inspiring, it teaches how to use the voice fully and expressively, without fear and in any situation. Patsy Rodenburg has trained thousands of actors, singers, lawyers, politicians business people, teachers and students: her book distills that knowledge and experience so that everyone can enjoy the right to speak. This second edition contains new revisions and additional content taking into account the effect of social media on communication skills, the need for empathetic listening, how scientific discovery now illuminates why and how voice exercises work and cultural and global issues of ethics and storytelling.
Optimizing spectral feature based text-independent speaker recognition
Elina, mistress of Laukko : a novel
Business communication
The voice : an occupational tool : a study of teacher's classroom speech and the effects of amplification
Development and evaluation of artificial bandwidth extension methods for narrowband telephone speech
Cortical processing of the periodicity of speech sounds
The integrated voice : a complete voice course for actors
The vocal vision : views on voice by 24 leading teachers, coaches & directors
