http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6949 diatomaceous earth
diatomaceous earth
Searching efficient protection strategies for the eutrophied Gulf of Finland : the integrated use of experimental and modelling tools (Segue) : final report
Recent eutrophication of coastal waters in southern Finland : a palaeolimnological assessment
Proceedings from the third flint alternatives conference at Uppsala, October 18-20, 1996
Nordic Meeting of Diatomists 2001 : abstracts : Seili, 1.-4.6.2001
The study focused on geological and ecological development of ten lacustrine basins in the Hailuoto – Oulunsalo – Lumijoki siltstone and claystone area of Muhos, and two lacustrine basins in the Kuivaniemi – Simo area of Svecokarelian schists and gneisses. The study on water quality, soil and sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages of natural lacustrine basins, provide background values, which can be used in assessing the state of the water body in environmental studies.Water quality of the ten water bodies was monitored for 14 years. Water samples were studied for 28 different parameters. Soil and sediment geochemistry was studied on seven lacustrine basins by three different extraction methods. Extracts were analysed for ten parameters. The sediment diatom species were examined from five water bodies in accuracy of 1 cm thick layers.In the study area new water bodies are forming mainly in two different ways: isolation of marine bights and damming of dune ponds. The water bodies could be classified into five different groups based on water quality, sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages. These also represent the different developmental stages of the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast. Parameters of the water quality data could be divided into two main groups: electrolyte group and nutrient group. The water bodies studied segregated into two main categories: coastal and inland water bodies. The concentrations of electrolytes and nutrients were characteristically higher in the coastal water bodies compared to the inland water bodies. During the monitoring period eutrophication of the water bodies and significant seasonal variations of water quality were observed. According to the water quality data and diatom indices the prevailing conditions in the coastal water bodies were eutrophic; and in the inland water bodies ranging from mesotrophic to oligotrophic. The lacustrine basins were grouped mainly in accordance with their geochemical provinces. The geochemical gradients of soil, water quality and sediment in the chronosequence of the catchments on Hailuoto Island showed that when marine influence decreased, the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast were observed to be oligotrophying, acidifying, and terrestrializating naturally.
Lake eutrophication studies in southern Finland employing diatom-based total phosphorus inference models and sedimentary phosphorus fractionations
Biostratigraphy of the Mikulino interglacial sediments in NW Russia : the Petrozavodsk site and a literature review
XIX Nordic Diatomists' Meeting 2009 : program and abstracts : Övik, Porvoo, 27.-30.4.2009
The diatoms : applications for the environmental earth sciences
Daggers knowledge & power : the social aspects of flint-dagger technology in Scandinavia 2350-1500 cal BC
Holocene diatomites in central Finland, with special reference to Aulacoseira (Melosira) species
Lithic analysis of the flintlike artifacts, flakes and fragments from the Rävåsen site
Developmental features of lacustrine basins on the uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay
Nordic bakery cookbook
Lake Eutrophication studies in Southern Finland employing diatom-based total phosphorus inference models and sedimentary phosphorus fractionations
