http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6943 voice control
voice control
The expressive actor : integrated voice, movement and acting training
The musician's breath : the role of breathing in human expression
Singing and the Actor takes the reader step by step through a practical training programme relevant to the modern singing actor and dancer. A variety of contemporary voice qualities including Belting and Twang are explained, with excercises for each topic.
Teleamp UI
Sound, speech, and music
Your singing voice : contemporary techniques, expression, and spirit
The handbook for working singers
The noisy crowd : the politics of voice in Michel Foucault's final collège de france lectures
A different voice, a different song : reclaiming community through the natural voice and world song
Daniel Zangger Borch's ultimate vocal voyage : the definitive method for unleashing the rock, pop or soul singer within you
Film, broadcast and electronic media coaching : and other contemporary issues in professional voice and speech training
Modern voice : working with actors on contemporary text
Popular singing and style
Voice : onstage and off
The Student Actor Prepares is a practical, interactive approach to a student actor's journey. Each chapter includes acting principles, their importance to the process, and workbook entries for emotional work, script analysis, and applications to the study of theatre. Topics cover a brief history of the art of acting and how the study of acting can be an advantage in numerous occupations; an actor's discovery of emotional work; movement and mime practices for the actor; vocal practices for the actor; solo improvisational study; script analysis for the individual actor; rehearsal tips; monologue work; original solo work; audition information; working with an acting partner or in a production; acting resources; and research topics.
So you want to sing rock 'n' roll : a guide for professionals
Rock vocals : the correct way to develop your rock voice
How to sing : the complete guide to singing, performing and recording
Hear it and sing it! : exploring the blues
Using voice and movement in therapy : the practical application of voice movement therapy d Paul Newham
"Exploring questions of how and why the quality of a person's voice influences our perceptions, Foundations of Voice Studies provides a comprehensive introduction to, and analysis of, the multifaceted role that voice quality plays in our social lives. Beginning with an approachable and thorough overview of various aspects of vocal physiology and its control, Kreiman and Sidtis examine the neurological and sociological contexts for producing and listening to voices. Replete with fascinating sidebars and discussions of how voices are used in advertising and media, and legal and forensic issues of identifying voices, they have written an essential work that unifies the results of their own pioneering studies with the most current scientific literature. This unique and interdisciplinary volume on all facets of voice production and its perception is supported by sound files and additional material, available at www.wiley.com/go/voicestudies"--
The teaching voice
The student actor prepares : acting for life
Voice and the young actor : a workbook and dvd
Measurements for transducers in mechanics
The art of voice acting : the craft and business of performing for voiceover
This bestselling book by one of the world's foremost voice and acting coaches is a classic in its field. Practical, passionate and inspiring, it teaches how to use the voice fully and expressively, without fear and in any situation. Patsy Rodenburg has trained thousands of actors, singers, lawyers, politicians business people, teachers and students: her book distills that knowledge and experience so that everyone can enjoy the right to speak. This second edition contains new revisions and additional content taking into account the effect of social media on communication skills, the need for empathetic listening, how scientific discovery now illuminates why and how voice exercises work and cultural and global issues of ethics and storytelling.
Voice studies : critical approaches to process, performance and experience
Musical theatre training : the Broadway Theatre Project handbook
Acting lessons for teachers : using performance skills in the classroom
Voice in modern theatre
Acting and singing with archetypes
So you want to sing music theater : a guide for professionals
Classic voice : working with actors on vocal style
Hear it and sing it! : exploring modal jazz
Vocal exercises : for building strength, endurance and facility
Perspectives on the song of the indigenous peoples of northern Eurasia : performance, genres, musical syntax, sound
Voice Studies brings together leading international scholars and practitioners, to re-examine what voice is, what voice does, and what we mean by "voice studies" in the process and experience of performance. This dynamic and interdisciplinary publication draws on a broad range of approaches, from composing and voice teaching through to psychoanalysis and philosophy, including: voice training from the Alexander Technique to practice-as-research; operatic and extended voices in early baroque and contemporary underwater singing; voices across cultures, from site-specific choral performance in Kentish mines and Australian sound art, to the laments of Kraho Indians, Korean pansori and Javanese wayang; voice, embodiment and gender in Robertson's 1798 production of Phantasmagoria, Cathy Berberian radio show, and Romeo Castellucci's theatre; perceiving voice as a composer, listener, or as eavesdropper; voice, technology and mobile apps. With contributions spanning six continents, the volume considers the processes of teaching or writing for voice, the performance of voice in theatre, live art, music, and on recordings, and the experience of voice in acoustic perception and research. It concludes with a multifaceted series of short provocations that simply revisit the core question of the whole volume: what is voice studies?
Your body, your voice : the key to natural singing and speaking
Singing with your own voice : a practical guide to awakening and developing the hidden qualities in your own singing voice
Methods and studies of laryngeal voice quality analysis in speech production
The echo of silence
The techniques of singing = Die Techniken des Gesangs
The Voces 8 method
Care of the professional voice : a guide to voice management for singers, actors and professional voice users
Voice acting for dummies
Occupational voice - studying voice production and preventing voice problems with special emphasis on call-centre employees
Discover your voice : how to develop healthy voice habits
Singing on stage : an actor's guide
Using voice and theatre in therapy : the practical application of voice movement therapy
Teleamp UI is thesis made for the parent project Teleamp which is designed by the company Telesilmukka Oy. It is the web based central monitoring and controlling system. Teleamp UI was executed by using different web development tools and languages. Laravel 5.2 was the PHP framework used, OpenLayers mapping library was used to create the interactive map. Chart.js was implemented to create the charting functionality.
Investigation of theatre voice training : (based on the Linklater Method)
Singing and the actor
The structures and movement of breathing : primer for choirs and choruses
Proceedings of the first Nordic Conference of Voice Ergonomics and Treatment
The competent public speaker
Acting one/acting two
This is a voice : 99 exercises to train, project and harness the power of your voice
Is your voice telling on you? : how to find and use your natural voice
Broadcast voice performance
It's the way you say it : becoming articulate, well-spoken and clear
International perspectives on voice disorders
Teaching voice : workshops for young performers
So You Want to Sing Music Theater covers a vast array of topics. It includes a brief history of music theater; the basics of vocal science and anatomy; information on vocal and bodily health and maintenance, from diet to exercise to healing techniques; advice on teaching music theater to others, with focuses on breath, posture, registers, range, and tone quality; repertoire recommendations for voice and singing types, from female and male belting to classical and contemporary styles; a survey of music theater styles, such as folk, country, rock, gospel, rhythm and blues, jazz, and pop; insights on working with other music theater stakeholder, from singing teacher, vocal coach and accompanist, to acting teacher, director, dance instructor, composer, and music director; and finally sage advice on working with and without amplification or microphones, auditioning tips, and casting challenges.
Speak easy : the essential guide to speaking in public
Voice into acting : integrating voice and the Stanislavski approach
In pursuit of silence : listening for meaning in a world of noise
Vox humana : juhlakirja Aatto Sonnisen 60-vuotispäiväksi 24.12.1982 = Studies presented to Aatto Sonninen on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday, December 24, 1982
University of Tampere, Department (Institute) of Speech Communication and Voice Research : 30 years of existence : lectures presented at the festival seminar held 4 November 2004
Sonic gestures and rhythmic interaction between the human and the computer
Radio production : a manual for broadcasters
The voice exercise book : a guide to healthy and effective voice use
Presentation skills for students
The expressive actor : integrated voice, movement, and acting training
A concise handbook outlining the skills, the know-how and the business of voiceovers, with a particular focus on the UK industry. Stephen Kemble, a voiceover artist and voice coach, and David Hodge, who has worked as a sound engineer, voice director and as Company Manager at a voice agency, offer specialist advice on all areas of voiceover work, including commercials, narration, audio books, animation and dubbing.
"This book presents a lucid and multi-levelled account of the human voice in the context of performance - expressive theatrical performance and the performance of everyday communication. The logical progression of exercises is designed for professional actors, student actors, teachers of acting, teachers of voice and speech and anyone interested in vocal expression. The emphasis of the work is on the removal of the physical and psychological blocks that inhibit the human vocal instrument and its objective is a voice in direct contact with emotional impulse, shaped by the intellect but not restricted by it." "This revised and expanded edition emphasises the use of imagery and imagination in developing the art of the voice. It incorporates exercises developed over the past three decades that have stood the test of repetition, reliably producing results when practised conscientiously and with understanding. Once the voice is free it can connect viscerally with language, transforming interpretative skills. The final section of this edition provides an in-depth guide to text interpretation. Knowing how to connect language with breath and voice is a golden key to hang on the chain of the actors' craft."--BOOK JACKET.
The integrated voice : a complete voice course for actors
Voice for musicians
Gymnastics of the voice. : A system of correct breathing in singing and speaking, based upon physiological laws
The baritone voice : a personal guide to acquiring a superior singing technique : a manual for training the voice
The art of mindful singing : notes on finding your voice
Voice and the Young Actor is written for the student. It is inviting in format, language and illustration and offers clear and inspiring instructions. A DVD features 85 mins and 28 filmed voice workshop excersises with the author and two students. These students log their reflections in the book on what they have learned throughout their training and there is space for the reader to do the same. A workbook in format, Voice and the Young Actor provides simple, interactive vocal exercises and shows young performers how to take voice work into acting.
An inspiring, practical guide to working with young people on their voices, by a highly experienced teacher, actor and director. Teaching Voice is for all youth-theatre leaders, workshop facilitators, teachers or lecturers who want to help their students to develop their voices - either as a component in theatre training, while rehearsing a play, or for the benefit of their personal development.
Voice and speech training in the new millennium : conversations with master teachers
Voice work : art and science in changing voices
Vocal strength & power / boost your singing with proper technique and breathing
Strengthening your singing voice
The right to speak : working with the voice
Singing exercises for dummies
In The Voice Exercise Book, Jeannette Nelson - Head of Voice at the National Theatre - shares the voice exercises she uses with many of Britain's leading actors to help to keep their voices in shape. Her belief is that all of us, not just actors, can learn to use our voices well. Whether you perform professionally or you just want to be understood clearly and easily, you can improve your voice by knowing how it works and by practising simple exercises. The aim is not to 'fake it' – to try to sound like someone else. It is to find your authentic voice: to be honestly and clearly you in any situation.
Cortical processing of the periodicity of speech sounds
What every musician needs to know about the body : the practical application of body mapping to making music
The space to move : essentials of movement training
So you want to sing jazz : a Guide for Professionals
The art of singing : discovering and developing your true voice
NMR- Laboratory, introduction with a Time Lapse and Tilt-shift video
Voicecoaching : the training concept for a better voice
The soprano voice : a personal guide to acquiring a superior singing technique : a manual for training the voice
Singing and teaching singing : a holistic approach to classical voice
Contemporary singing techniques : men's edition
The science of the singing voice
From word to play : a handbook for directors
Foundations of voice studies : an interdisciplinary approach to voice production and perception
Analysing conversation : an introduction to prosody
Emotions in voice : acoustic and perceptual analysis of voice quality in the vocal expression of emotions
The singer's companion
Michael Lugering's The Expressive Actor presents a foundational, preparatory training method, using movement to unlock the entire acting process. Its action-based perspective integrates voice, movement and basic acting training into a unified approach. A wealth of exercises and diagrams guide the reader through this internationally taught program, making it an ideal step-by-step course for both solo and classroom use. Through this course, voice and body training becomes more than a simple skill-building activity – it is the central prerequisite to any actor training. This new Routledge edition has been fully updated, to include: A revised prologue, further discussing the historical and philosophical grounding of The Lugering Method, a new introduction, with particular focus on the integrative nature of the method and how the book should be used, new developments, clarifications, and 12 new exercises. 6 new illustrative diagrams.
The use and training of the human voice : a practical approach to speech and voice dynamics
Voice and the Alexander technique : active explorations for speaking and singing
The Moving voice : the integration of voice and movement studies presented by the Voice & Speech review
The voiceover book : don't eat toast
Vocal arts workbook and dvd : a practical course for achieving clarity and expression with your voice
Using voice and song in therapy : the practical application of voice movement therapy
Contemporary singing techniques : Women's edition
Freeing the natural voice : imagery and art in the practice of voice and language
Keep your voice healthy : a guide to the intelligent use and care of the speaking and singing voice
The owner's manual to the voice : a guide for singers and other professional voice users
Acting one
The verbal arts workbook : a practical course for speaking text with clarity and expressive power
