http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6942 voice production
voice production
The musician's breath : the role of breathing in human expression
Born to sing : vocal technique
Voice and identity : singing the music of the world : International Congress of Voice Teachers, Helsinki Finland 12-16 August 2001 : 5th ICVT Helsinki : programme
We will sing! : Choral music experience for classroom choirs
Prescriptions for choral excellence : tone, text, dynamic leadership
An introductory lesson with David Jones : a resource for voice teachers and singers
Your singing voice : contemporary techniques, expression, and spirit
Lead singer : vocal techniques : heavy rock to metal. Level 1
The singer's voice
Adventures in singing : a progress for exploring, discovering, and developing vocal potential
The complete idiot's guide to singing
Sing! : vocal technique, vocal style
Singing for dummies
Vocal technique : developing your voice for performance
One voice : integrating singing and theatre voice techniques
The complete singer : practical and professional techniques to improve your singing
When words sing
Sound : a very short introduction
Basic vocal workout
Measured tones : the interplay of physics and music
Evoking sound : the choral warm-up : modal exercises
The vowel : its nature and structure
Music in the education of children
Song : anatomy, imagery, and styles
The contemporary singer : elements of vocal technique : vocal tecnique/performance
Contemporary singing techniques. Men's edition
The doo-be-doo pop collection : vocal warm-up exercises
Conveyed intention : a study of some acoustic aspects as related to production and perception of certain sung vowels
Freeing the natural voice
The new voice : how to sing and speak properly
Choir builders : for growing voices : 18 vocal exercises for warm-up & workout
Caruso's method of voice production : the scientific culture of the voice
Constructing the holistic actor : Fitzmaurice Voicework®
Voice and identity : singing the music of the world : 5th ICVT Helsinki, International Congress of Voice Teachers, Helsinki, Finland 12-16 August 2001 : programme
Make your voice heard : an actor's guide to increased dramatic range through vocal training
The teaching voice
The art of singing : a manual of bel canto
Vocal health and pedagogy
Embodied voices : representing female vocality in western culture
Secrets of singing. Male (low & high voice)
The art of singing : Discovering and developing your true voice
Sing your best
Takakannessa "When do you start teaching proper vocal technique to young voices? RIGHT NOW! Here are 18 fun and original exercises that will get your students' growing voices on the right track to producing a quality sound. Posture, breathing, flexibility, range of voice and more are all addressed in these wonderul exercises for young voices"
Successful warmups. book 2: singer's edition
The alchemy of voice : Mind, life, light, truth, beauty, love
Sing today! : a complete guide to the basics. Level 1.
The voice book : for actors, public speakers, and everyone who wants to make the most of their voice
The voice : a scientific study of its formation and emission and its ailments
Dynamics of the singing voice
Vocalizing with ease : a self-improvement guide
Successful warmups. Book 2 : Conductor's edition / by Nancy Telfer
Evoking sound : the choral warm-up : choral vocal technique
Directing the choral music program
The four voices of man
Hidden faces of ancient Indian song
You can sing : Carrie & David Grant's essential guide for aspiring pop stars
Making more sense of how to sing : multisensory techniques for voice lessons and choir rehearsals
How high should boys sing? : gender, authenticity and credibility in the young male voice
Lead singer : vocal techniques : pop to rock. Level 2
Vocal technique : a guide to finding your real voice
You can sing if you want to
Hear it and sing it! : exploring modal jazz
The complete vocal workout : a step-by-step guide to tough vocals
What every singer needs to know about the body : second edition
Sound is integral to how we experience the world, in the form of noise as well as music. But what is sound? What is the physical basis of pitch and harmony? And how are sound waves exploited in musical instruments? In this book Mike Goldsmith looks at the science of sound and explores sound in different contexts, covering the audible and inaudible, sound underground and underwater, acoustic and electric, and hearing in humans and animals. He also considers the problem of sound out of place - noise and its reduction.
Vocal workouts for the contemporary singer
Your body, your voice : the key to natural singing and speaking
Lead singer : heavy rock to metal. Level one
Singing with your own voice : a practical guide to awakening and developing the hidden qualities in your own singing voice
Voice and speech in the theatre
Rock vocals
Sing! : vocal warm-ups for all styles
The diagnosis & correction of vocal faults : a manual for teachers of singing and for choir directors
National schools of singing : English, French, German and Italian techniques of singing revisited
Learn to sing vocals : everything you need to get started
What every singer needs to know about the body
This is a voice : 99 exercises to train, project and harness the power of your voice
Phonotactics of Persian
The 21st-century voice : contemporary and traditional extra-normal voice
Semioccluded vocal tract exercises : a physiologic approach for voice training and therapy
Is your voice telling on you? : how to find and use your natural voice
The art of singing
Setting up the drills : (calisthenic excercises) for the trumpet
Teaching voice : workshops for young performers
Harmonic overtones : magical vibrations in voice and music
Voice and articulation
The voice exercise book : a guide to healthy and effective voice use
Secrets of singing. Female (low & high voice)
On spectrum structure in female sung Finnish vowels : a preliminary study of two professional soprano voices
Voice therapy for adolescents
Absolute beginners : The complete picture guide for beginning vocalists. Voice
Teaching singing to children and young adults
How to sing
Voice for musicians
Gymnastics of the voice. : A system of correct breathing in singing and speaking, based upon physiological laws
Singing for the stars : a complete program for training your voice
How to improve your speaking voice
The right way to sing
Your voice and articulation
Language : an introduction to the study of speech
Psychology of singing : a rational method of voice culture based on a scientific analysis of all systems, ancient and modern
Problems of tone production in violin playing
An inspiring, practical guide to working with young people on their voices, by a highly experienced teacher, actor and director. Teaching Voice is for all youth-theatre leaders, workshop facilitators, teachers or lecturers who want to help their students to develop their voices - either as a component in theatre training, while rehearsing a play, or for the benefit of their personal development.
Strengthening your singing voice
The vowel, its nature and structure
Improving voice and articulation
In The Voice Exercise Book, Jeannette Nelson - Head of Voice at the National Theatre - shares the voice exercises she uses with many of Britain's leading actors to help to keep their voices in shape. Her belief is that all of us, not just actors, can learn to use our voices well. Whether you perform professionally or you just want to be understood clearly and easily, you can improve your voice by knowing how it works and by practising simple exercises. The aim is not to 'fake it' – to try to sound like someone else. It is to find your authentic voice: to be honestly and clearly you in any situation.
Vocal workouts for the contemporary singer : vocal technique/performance
The central point in beautiful voice production
The singer and the voice
Acoustics and the performance of music
The singer's and actor's throat : the vocal mechanism of the professional voice user and its care in health and disease
Singing : The physical nature of the vocal organ : A guide to the Unlocking of the Singing Voice
The singer's handbook : a guide for aspiring singers
The soprano voice : a personal guide to acquiring a superior singing technique : a manual for training the voice
The throat and its functions in swallowing, breathing and the production of the voice
The use and training of the human voice : a bio-dynamic approach to vocal life
The science of the singing voice
Jazz conception : Vocal : 21 solo etudes for scat singing, jazz phrasing, interpretation, and improvisation
The singing voice : an owner's manual for singers, actors, dancers and musicians
Learning to sing nonclassical music
Born to sing
Music in the classroom
Vocal rehabilitation : a manual prepared for the use of graduates in medicine
The art of breathing as the basis of tone-production : a book indispensable to singers, elocutionists, educators, barristers, clergymen, and to all others desirous of having a pleasant voice and good health
The efficiency of voice production
The use and training of the human voice : a practical approach to speech and voice dynamics
Contemporary singing techniques. Women's edition
The choral warm-up collection : a sourcebook of 167 choral warm-ups contribute by 51 choral directors
The voice and its disorders
Rock your vox : vocal performance : instruction
The ear and the voice
Les voix du monde : une anthologie des expressions vocales = Voices of the world : an anthology of vocal expression
Training tenor voices
Hidden faces of ancient Indian song traces a progression from basic principles of sound to different kinds of musical composition, from simplicity to complexity, from the finer concepts of sound to their incorporation within different forms of music. The author delineates a vocabulary for expressing different qualities and aspects of manifest and unmanifest sound. As a focus for the physical approach to sound, three concepts are used: the ear, the mouth and the hand, representing sound, language and gesture. The author looks closely at Vedic accents in order to illustrate the relationship between two fundamental laws; between the law of three as demonstrated in the recitation of Vedic mantras, and the law of seven as used in various ancient ascending and descending scalar forms. The issue of style, as the expression of the concepts outlined earlier in the book, is also considered closely, where musical structures are examined alongside the use of many forms of tonal movement (gamaka).
Developing a personal saxophone sound
The secrets of the Tapiola sound
Singing : the mechanism and the technic
In India, music has never become a written art as it has in the West. Historically, music often seems to have been a means of communicating essential qualities, speaking in religious and mystical terms of what could not be put successfully into words. The tradition of music in India is a more encompassing concept than it is generally in the West; it includes a complex web of thoughts, ideas and philosophy that have influenced its practice.
The baritone voice : a personal guide to acquiring a superior singing technique : a manual for training the voice
