http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6958 incest
incest
Faulkner and the politics of reading
Come here : a man overcomes the tragic aftermath of childhood sexual abuse
Totem and taboo : some points of agreement between the mental lives of savages and neurotics
A guilty thing surprised
Home truths about child sexual abuse : influencing policy and practice : a reader
Caught in the web : inside the police hunt to rescue children from online predators
Surviving secrets : the experience of abuse for the child, the adult and the helper
One thousand and one nights. vol. 2 / [translation HyeYoung Im] ; [English adaptation J. Torres]
The incest perpetrator : a family member no one wants to treat
The color of pain : boys who are sexually abused and the men they become
The politics and experience of ritual abuse : beyond disbelief
Trauma and recovery
Recognition of child abuse for the mandated reporter
Systemic treatment of incest : a therapeutic handbook
Child trauma. 1, Issues & research
Joyce and the narrative structure of incest
Finnish summary.
Women's sexuality after childhood incest
The sexual life of savages in north-western Melanesia : an ethnographic account of courtship, marriage, and family life among the natives of the Trobriand Islands, British New Guinea
Sixteen-year-old Maya and seventeen-year-old Lochan tell, in their separate voices, of their confusion and longing as they fall in love with one another after years of functioning as parents to three younger siblings due to their alcoholic mother's neglect / Library of Congress.
Survival in ritual : delivered to the International Congress of Ethnological and Anthropological Sciences (1934)
Abstract: "Shall we meet?" Raising awareness about the risks of meeting persons from the internet.
Scandal in the colonies : Sydney and Cape Town, 1820-1850
Hand trembling, frenzy witchcraft, and moth madness : a study of Navajo seizure disorders
a mother's nightmare - incest : a practical legal guide for parents and professionals
Memories of sexual betrayal : truth, fantasy, repression and dissociation
Father-daughter incest
Child sexual abuse
Totem and taboo : some points of agreement between the mentalö lives of savages and neurotics
Crossed. Volume 2 : Family values
Faith born of seduction : sexual trauma, body image, and religion
Totem and taboo
Thou shalt not be aware : society's betrayal of the child
Bold as love
Precious
The wounded heart
Interrogating incest : feminism, Foucault, and the law
Summary
Close Relationships is Geert Jan van Gelder's groundbreaking and comprehensive study of the diverse facts and opinions concerning incest and close-kin marriage found in literary and non-literary pre-modern Arabic texts. The pre-Islamic Arabs knew about the dangers of inbreeding; the Qur'an formulates the basic principles of marriage impediments in Islam, which were elaborated by generations of jurists. Incest is a motif found in lampoons, anecdotes, stories, legends, dream interpretation, and polemics with other religions, in particular the Zoroastrians, who in pre-Islamic times allegedly recommended next-of-kin marriage. Many of the relevant passages are presented as English translations in this richly documented book.
Incest : a psychological study of causes and effects with treatment recommendations
The sexual exploitation of children : a practical guide to assessment, investigation, and intervention
Child sexual abuse : what can governments do? : a comparative investigation into policy instruments used in Belgium, Britain, Germany, the Netherlands and Norway
The secret trauma : incest in the lives of girls and women
Pedophilia and sexual offending against children : theory, assessment, and intervention
The dark side of families : current family violence research
Trauma and contextual factors in Ann-Marie MacDonald's Fall on your knees : incest, race and gendered subjectivities
Treating sexually abused children and their nonoffending parents : a cognitive behavioral approach
Ada : or Ardor: a family chronicle
Cosmos and society in Oceania
The transition from childhood to adolescence : cross-cultural studies of initiation ceremonies, legal systems, and incest taboos
Telling incest : narratives of dangerous remembering from Stein to Sapphire
Westermarck might have been both right and wrong : a comment on Arthur P. Wolf's chapter
Rethinking incest and heinous sexual crime: changing boundaries of secular and ecclesistical jurisdiction in late medieval Sweden
When Trauma and Recovery was first published in 1992, it was hailed as a groundbreaking work. In the intervening years, Herman's volume has changed the way we think about and treat traumatic events and trauma victims. In a new afterword, Herman chronicles the incredible response the book has elicited and explains how the issues surrounding the topic have shifted within the clinical community and the culture at large.Trauma and Recovery brings a new level of understanding to a set of problems usually considered individually. Herman draws on her own cutting-edge research in domestic violence as well as on the vast literature of combat veterans and victims of political terror, to show the parallels between private terrors such as rape and public traumas such as terrorism. The book puts individual experience in a broader political frame, arguing that psychological trauma can be understood only in a social context. Meticulously documented and frequently using the victims' own words as well as those from classic literary works and prison diaries, Trauma and Recovery is a powerful work that will continue to profoundly impact our thinking.
Ventriloquists andshape-shifters : imagining postcolonial identity and space in Pauline Melville's The ventriloquist's tale
Rape, incest, and child sexual abuse : consequences and recovery
Handbook on sexual abuse of children : assessment and treatment issues
The incest theme in folksong
Family secrets : Child sexual abuse
Close relationships : incest and inbreeding in classical Arabic literature
The sexual life of savages in north-western Melanesia : an ethnographic account of courtship, marriage and family life among the natives of the Trobriand Islands, British New Guinea
The forbidden love of sister and brother : the incest theme in Archangel Karelian Kalevala meter epic
Rape and sexual assault : a research handbook
Trauma and the therapist : countertransference and vicarious traumatization in psychotherapy with incest survivors
Power in the narratives of Finnish women and men with an intra familial child sexual abuse background [Elektroninen julkaisu]
The red lamp of incest : an enquiry into the origins of mind and society
The sexual life of savages in North-Western Melanesia
Everybody's family romance : reading incest in neoliberal America
Today I'm Alice : nine personalitities, one tortured mind
Disgust elicited by incest descriptions : the moderating role of relatedness, co-residence, type of sexual contact, and type of family relationships
One thousand and one nights. vol. 3 / [translation HyeYoung Im] ; [English adaptation J. Torres]
Sexually aggressive children : coming to understand them
Incest aversion : the evolutionary roots of individual regulation
The story of the apocryphal pope and saint Gregorius was extremely popular throughout the middle ages and later in Europe and beyond.This book traces the story from its English or French origins through its many variations from Iceland to Egypt and from the twelfth to the twenty-first century.
Incest : understanding and treatment
Paedophilia : the sexual abuse of children, its occurence, diagnosis & treatment true v false allegations
Totem and taboo : resemblances between the psychic lives of savages and neurotics
Incestuous and close-kin marriage in ancient Egypt and Persia : an examination of the evidence
The sexual victimization of children
The quiet
Riven by lust : incest and schism in Indian Buddhist legend and historiography
If I should die before I wake
Sex, gender and care work
Psychoanalysis and love
Textual analysis : a scientific approach for assessing cases of sexual abuse. Vol. 2, Cases of younger children, including a case of alleged necrophilia, and the shortcomings of judicial logic
A critical analysis of the rhetoric of child sexual abuse
Abstract.
My beloved child
Expert witnesses in child abuse cases : what can and should be said in court
The trauma myth : the truth about the sexual abuse of children - and its aftermath
"Soggy secret" : incest in Edna O'Brien's Down by the river
The reprojective basis of human society : the 16th Edvard Westermarck memorial lecture
One thousand and one nights. vol. 1 / [translation HyeYoung Im] ; [English adaptation J. Torres]
Ritual and semiotics
Incest : the nature and origin of the taboo
She left me the gun : my mother's life before me
The relational trauma of incest : a family-based approach to treatment
Incest and the English novel, 1684-1814
Betrayal trauma in Jane Smiley's novel A thousand acres
Textual analysis : a scientific approach for assessing cases of sexual abuse. Vol. 1, The theoretical framework, the psychology of lying, and cases of older children
Gregorius : an incestuous saint in medieval Europe and beyond
Violence and the cultural politics of trauma
Focusing on Anglo-American culture of the late 18th century to the present, Twitchell effectively explores the support found for the incest taboo in both art and popular culture. He investigates the works of Byron, Shelly, Poe, Hawthorne, and Melville; concerns aroused by Lolita, both book and film; and the exploitation of the incest taboo in advertising. Despite his anti-Freudian bias, Twitchell concludes, "The prohibition on incest has proved one of the most pervasive and influential organizing patterns in human life.
A feminist clinician's guide to the memory debate
Play therapy with abused children
Incest avoidance and the incest taboos : two aspects of human nature
Forbidden partners : the incest taboo in modern culture
Paradigms lost? : the study of kinship in the 21st century
Incest : the last taboo : an annotated bibliography
Permitted and prohibited desires : mothers, comics, and censorship in Japan
One thousand and one nights. vol. 8
Inbreeding, incest, and the incest taboo : the state of knowledge at the turn of the century
Problems of sex behavior
The horror of incest : effects of respondent's gender, co-residence with opposite-sex sibling and opposite-sex child on incest aversion
The power of perspective: points of view in King Lear and A thousand acres
Fault lines : incest, sexuality and Catholic family culture
The double silence
Psychoanalytic psychotherapy after child abuse : the treatment of adults and children who have experienced sexual abuse, violence, and neglect in childhood
Incest : a new perspective
Child abuse : implications for child development and psychopathology
Incest and the literary imagination
Family sexual abuse : frontline research and evaluation
Between belief and transgression : structuralist essays in religion, history and myth
"Shall we meet?": raising awareness about the risks of meeting persons from the internet
Crimes against the person
Doubling and incest/repetition and revenge : a speculative reading of Faulkner
Implications of the theory of selection
Handbook of clinical intervention in child sexual abuse
Child abuse : towards a knowledge base
Child sexual abuse and adult offenders : new theory and research
The bluest eye
Erotic innocence : the culture of child molesting
Understanding child sexual maltreatment
Incest and the medieval imagination
The ABC of child abuse work
Psychotherapy with women : feminist perspectives
Incest
The courage to heal workbook : for women and men survivors of child sexual abuse
