http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6957 orphans
orphans
The valley of secrets
Tuscan rose
The road to ever after
The Kin
Abstract.
The Thornthwaite inheritance
Florence and Giles
Davy David, an orphan, lives by his wits in the dead-end town of Brownvale. When a stray dog called George turns Davy's life upside down just days before Christmas, he sets in motion a chain of events which forces them to flee. A mischievous wind blows the two of them to a boarded-up museum on the outskirts of town where they meet the elderly recluse, Miss Flint. She has planned one last adventure before her time is up and hires the reluctant Davy and George to escort her. A magical adventure about an unlikely friendship and an unforgettable journey. Ages 9+
Beatrice's dream : a story of Kibera slum
City of a thousand dolls
Tales of the peculiar
The house of eyes
Hetty Feather
The forbidden room
Great expectations
Anne of Avonlea
The orphan child
The Thornthwaite betrayal
Feathers
The age of orphans : a novel
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
The age of orphans
The spellgrinder's apprentice
The magician's elephant
Seraph of the end : vampire reign. 7
These dark wings
Hope in a ballet shoe
Hawkes Harbour
Brush of wings
Wake of vultures
The wide window
The ballad of Trenchmouth Taggart
Midnight thief
Kisses from Katie : a story of relentless love and redemption
Ice lolly
Anyone but Ivy pocket
The dangerous days of Daniel X
Daniel X : The manga. Vol. 1
After daybreak : a Darkness before dawn novel
Mohammed Maguire
House of orphans
Russian roulette : Alex Rider
Secrets of the Fire sea
Twilight robbery
The mirror king
Lottery boy
Son
Snow like ashes
Hollow City : the second novel of Miss Peregrine's peculiar children
Shadows of voluntourism and the connection to orphanage business in Asia and Cambodia
Sapphire Battersea : a new name, a new life for Hetty Feather
The girl in the road
The nowhere emporium
Seraph of the end : vampire reign. 6
Anne of Green Gables
Home now
Goody Two-Shoes : a facsimile reproduction of the edition of 1766
A gothic novel featuring twins with a deadly rivalry, mysterious deaths, a fortune to be inherited and any amount of dodgy dealings.
All the light we cannot see : a novel
Abandoned as a baby in the slums of the Maze, Poe has lived his entire life hidden away under the protection at his adoptive father, Gabriel. He spends his days secretly helping the Mice, bands of orphans who roam the slums, but there is a whisper of an altogether more sinister figure in the shadows, making street children disappear / WorldCat.
The orphan queen
Orphan train : a novel
Widows and orphans first : the family economy and social welfare policy, 1880-1939
The Crowfield curse
James and the giant peach
The poison diaries
Rebecca of Sunnybrook farm
Gathering blue
The last ghost
The orphan's tales. Vol. II : In the cities of coin and spice
News of the world : a novel
Siege and storm
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
The painter of Shanghai
Into the woods
The graveyard book
The dead of winter
Before their world is destroyed completely, seventeen-year-old Dawn must convince the vampires to unite with humans against the evil Day Walkers.
The burning shadow
Conspiracy of ravens
The drowned cities
Boy with the porcelain blade
The tilted world
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
The reptile room
The mark of the dragonfly
Mortlock
Mister God, this is Anna
A family Christmas
The cider house rules
Pawn of prophecy : book one of the Belgariad
Following the thrilling and critically acclaimed Wake of Vultures comes the next spellbinding novel in the Shadow series - a tale of the supernatural world hiding beneath the surface. Nettie Lonesome jumped off a cliff, not knowing what she'd become. She's still not sure, but the destiny of the Shadow is calling her to help someone she'd just as soon watch die. Her new sidekick, an annoying shifter named Earl, is hellbent on finding the Rangers. He's just escaped a railroad camp where monsters are held captive, their very bones used to fuel the tracks scarring Nettie's wild, beloved Durango. And he wants revenge. Nettie, now facing the truth of her own identity and going by Rhett, must decide whether to side with her friends and the badge on her chest or take off alone on the dangerous mission pulling her inexplicably toward the fight of her life. When it comes to monsters and men, the world isn't black and white. What good are two wings and a gun when your enemy can command a conspiracy of ravens?
Black butler. XVIII
A tangle of knots
Elspeth Hart and the school for show-offs
Dearly departed
Seraph of the end : vampire reign. 3
The queen of zombie hearts
The name of the wind
Secrets of the Fire Sea
Daniel X : watch the skies
The silk factory
Black butler. XVI
Running on the cracks
Magnus Chase and the sword of summer
Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone
'Do you need my help?' It was always the first question he asked. They called him when they had nowhere else to turn. As a boy he was chosen, then taken from the orphanage he called home. Raised and trained as part of a top secret programme he was sent to the worst places in the world to do the things his government denied any knowledge of. Then he broke with the programme, using everything he'd learned to disappear. He wanted to help the desperate and deserving. But now someone's on his tail. Someone who has issues with his past. Someone who knows he was once known simply as Orphan X.
Through the zombie glass
Seraph of the end : vampire reign. 5
Father's day
SOID - A local NGO supporting the well-being of orphans
Genetic and functional studies of genes involved in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease
Old Filth
Tales from the farm
Run, Lily, run
Where the heart leads : from the casebook of Barnaby Adair
The screaming statue
Nathaniel Fludd beastologist book one : flight of the phoenix
The interrupted tale
Challenges facing AIDS orphans in Nairobi Kibera slums : descriptive study
Amy Snow
Earwig and the witch
Seraph of the end : vampire reign. 4
The Broken Lands
The secret garden
The life of elves
Ruin and rising
Shadow and bone
The bad beginning
The hidden gallery
The mirror empire
Eight days of Luke
Black butler. XVII
The courtesan
Rebel of the sands
The swords of glass
Despite needing a heart transplant and against the advice of her doctor, Mary Catherine moves to Uganda to work at a new orphanage. Whatever time she has left, Mary Catherine wants to spend it helping children -- especially since there will be no children of her own. The only problem is Major League Baseball player Marcus Dillinger, the man she never meant to fall in love with. Neither Marcus nor Mary Catherine's other friends -- Tyler Ames and Sami Dawson -- know just how serious her heart condition is. Still, Marcus is sure in the depths of his soul that something isn't right. Ultimately his correspondence with Mary Catherine leads him on a desperate life-or-death mission to rescue her and get her to a United States hospital before time runs out. Meanwhile, Sami and Tyler struggle with issues of their own. In a season when Tyler plans to ask Sami to marry him, the very core of their relationship is in jeopardy
The forest of hands & teeth
Four orphans are shocked when their beloved friend, sculptor Siegfried Eckleberger, is murdered. As they investigate, they find clues that his death may be tied to the murder of a rich New York heiress as well as to their own past.
The women in the walls
The silvered heart
Table for five
Journey to the river sea
