http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6953 radon
radon
Collectivity in the light radon nuclei measured directly via Coulomb excitation
Residential radon in Finland : sources, variation, modelling and dose comparisons
Implications of new data on radiation cancer risk : proceedings of the Thirty-Second Annual Meeting, 3-4 April 1996, as presented at the Crystal City Marriott, Arlington, VA
Indoor Air '93 : proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Indoor Air Quality and Climate [Helsinki, Finland, July 4-8, 1993]. Volume 1, Health effects
Indoor air quality analysis
Radon and its decay products in housing : estimation of the radon daughter exposure to the swedish population and methods for evaluation of the uncertainties in annual averages
Residential radon and lung cancer : detailed results of a collaborative analysis of individual data on 7148 persons with lung cancer and 14208 persons without lung cancer from 13 epidemiologic studies in Europe
Indoor air quality : a risk-based approach to health criteria for radon indoors : summary report on a WHO Working Group, Eilat, Israel, 28 March 4 April 1993.
This book is a comprehensive study of the Radon transform, which operates on a function by integrating it over hyperplanes. The book begins with an elementary and graphical introduction to the Radon transform, tomography and CT scanners, followed by a rigorous development of the basic properties of the Radon transform. Next the author introduces Grassmann manifolds in the study of the k-plane transform (a version of the Radon transform) which integrates over k-dimensional planes rather than hyperplanes. The remaining chapters are concerned with more advanced topics, such as the attenuated Radon transform and generalized Radon transforms defined by duality of homogeneous spaces and double fibrations. Questions of invertibility and the range of the Radon transform are dealt with and inversion formulas are developed with particular attention to functions on L2 spaces and some discussion of the case of Lp spaces.
Radon and its decay products in indoor air
Concurrent measurements of airborne radon-222, lead-210 and beryllium-7 at the Pallas-Sodankylä gaw station, northern Finland
Suomen radonkartasto = Radon atlas of Finland
Ecological and genetic factors contributing to invasion success : the northern spread of the Colorado potato beetle (Leptinotarsa decemlineata)
Porakaivoveden radonkartasto = Radonatlas över borrbrunnar = Radon Atlas of wells drilled into bedrock in Finland
Principles of magnetic resonance imaging : a signal processing perspective
Ecological and genetic factors contributing to invasion success : the northern spread of the colorado potato beetle (Leptinotarsa decemlineata)
Analytic Tomography
Conceptualising the economics of plant health protection against invasive pests
Do nuclei go pear-shaped? Coulomb excitation of 220Rn and 224Ra at REX-ISOLDE (CERN)
Recommendations for the implementation of Title VII of the European Basic Safety Standards Directive (BSS) concerning significant increase in exposure due to natural radiation sources
Diabolical Songs
HVAC planning of a townhouse : HVAC plans made abroad for another member of the family business
European perspectives on environmental burden of disease : estimates for nine stressors in six European countries
Environmental chemistry
Removal of radon by aeration : testing of various aeration techniques for small water works : for European Commission under Contract No F14PCT960054, TENAWA project
Survey and mitigation of occupational radon exposure in underground workplaces
Radon and radium in well water : measurements and mitigation of exposure
In 1971 Dr. Paul C. Lauterbur pioneered spatial information encoding principles that made image formation possible by using magnetic resonance signals. Now Lauterbur, "father of the MRI", and Dr. Zhi-Pei Liang have co-authored the first engineering textbook on magnetic resonance imaging. This long-awaited, definitive text will help undergraduate and graduate students of biomedical engineering, biomedical imaging scientists, radiologists, and electrical engineers gain an in-depth understanding of MRI principles. The authors use a signal processing approach to describe the fundamentals of magnetic resonance imaging. You will find a clear and rigorous discussion of these carefully selected essential topics: . Mathematical fundamentals. Signal generation and detection principles. Signal characteristics. Signal localization principles. Image reconstruction techniques. Image contrast mechanisms. Image resolution, noise, and artifacts. Fast-scan imaging. Constrained reconstruction Complete with a comprehensive set of examples and homework problems, Principles of Magnetic Resonance Imaging is the must-read book to improve your knowledge of this revolutionary technique.
This thesis examines and presents planning of HVAC systems for a new townhouse. It  is a description of what I made and why I made it this way. First I planned a radon removal which is set mandatory by law in Finland. Then I planned sewer systems. As well as radon removal, some parts of sewer systems are under the ground so they needed to be planned first. The construction was already in the progress when I finished my last drawings.  After these I planned the ventilation, water supply and heating. My target was to make all systems reasonable in the price in relation to the use costs without forgetting the resale value. Other important factors when planning the systems were energy efficiency, user-friendly result and to reach the smartest way to build them.  The building is a town house. Two of its sides are connected to houses next to it.  However all the building services are unique. This has an effect on some things in the planning compared to a traditional family house. Townhouse is a new and uncommon way of building in Finland.  My brother is building the house of the project and my father has been an entrepreneur in the construction industry for more than 25 years. Before this project he has always ordered all the HVAC plans from an external author. My brother is a recently graduated carpenter. I'm doing the HVAC plans first time outside my summer job place or school.  This project is an interesting new formulation of our family company. This project is made abroad without visiting the construction side or meeting any stakeholders face to face. Key words: heating, ventilation, water supply, radon removal, sewer systems.
Lead content of deciduous tooth enamel from a high-radon area
The radon transform and medical imaging
Residental Radon in Finland: Sources, Variation, Modelling and Dose Comparisons
Sequencing, De Novo Assembly and Annotation of the Colorado Potato Beetle, Leptinotarsa decemlineata, Transcriptome
Eco-physiological aspects of adaptation to seasonal environments : the latitudinal range expansion of the Colorado potato beetle across Europe
Radon and lung cancer in Finland
Out from the..
Chemical composition of well water in finland : main results of the "one thousand wells" project
Cancer risk from low doses of ionizing radiation
Range expansion to novel environments : evolutionary physiology and genetics in Leptinotarsa decemlineata
Dependence of radon level on ventilation systems in residences
Radon transforms and the rigidity of the Grassmannians
Metamorphosis
Removal of radon and other natural radionuclides from household water with domestic style granular activated carbon filters
[sup 222]Rn and decay products in outdoor and indoor environments : assessment techniques applied to exhalation, air-cleaning and arctic air
Executive summary.
Factors affecting occupational radon exposure
Radon–Nikodym Property and Area Formula for Banach Homogeneous Group Targets
The 222Rn activity concentration, external radiation dose and air ion production rates in a boreal forest in Finland between March 2000 and June 2006.
This handbook focuses on residential radon exposure from a public health point of view and provides detailed recommendations on reducing health risks from radon and sound policy options for preventing and mitigating radon exposure. The material in the handbook reflects the epidemiological evidence that indoor radon exposure is responsible for a substantial number of lung cancers in the general population. Information is provided on the selection of devices to measure radon levels and on procedures for the reliable measurement of these levels. Discussed also are control options for radon in new dwellings, radon reduction in existing dwellings as well as assessment of the costs and benefits of different radon prevention and remedial actions. Also covered are radon risk communication strategies and organization of national radon programs.--Publisher's description.
The radon transform
Pests of cultivated plants in Finland in 1975
Abstract.
Indoor air : proceedings of the 3rd International Conference on Indoor air quality and climate held in Stockholm August 20-24, 1984. Vol. 2, Radon, passive smoking, particulates and housing epidemiology
Suomen radonkartasto 2010 = Radonatlas över Finland 2010 = Radon atlas of Finland 2010
Radon and its decay products : occurence, properties, and health effects : developed from a symposium sponsored by the Divisions of Environmental Chemistry and Nuclear Chemistry and Technology at the 191st Meeting of the American Chemical Society, 1986
Healthy buildings 2000 : proceedings. Vol. 3, Microbes, moisture and building physics
High levels of natural radiation and radon areas : radiation dose and health effects
Man-made mineral fibres and radon
Radiation... : in everyday language
Fitness costs of permethrin resistance in the Colorado potato beetle (Leptinotarsa decemlineata) in absence of pesticide selection
Proficiency test SYKE 8/2013 : radon in ground water
Natural radiation, nuclear wastes and chemical pollutants : final report of the NKA Project RAS 430
Wet deposition efficiency of short-lived radon-222 progeny in central Finland
High levels of natural radiation and radon areas : radiation dose and health effects : proceedings of the 5th International Conference on High Levels of Natural Radiation and Radon Areas, held in Munich, Germany on September 4 to 7, 2000
Variation in Hsp70 levels after cold shock: Signs of evolutionary responses to thermal selection among Leptinotarsa decemlineata populations
Applied problems of random transform
Influence of source type and air exchange on variations of indoor radon concentration
Results of the 2013 PHE intercomparison of passive radon detectors
Fitness costs of permethrin and azinphosmethyl resistances in the Colorado potato beetle (Leptinotarsa decemlineata)
Geologic influence on indoor radon concentrations and gamma radiation levels in Norwegian dwellings
Compte rendu d'une réunion de spécialistes sur la dosimétrie individuelle et la surveillance de l'atmosphère en ce qui concerne le radon et ses produits de filiation = Proceedings of the specialist meeting on personal dosimetry and area monitoring suitable for radon and daughter products : Paris, 20-22 Nov. 1978.
Indoor radon and risk of lung cancer : an epidemiological study in Finland
Radon transforms and tomography : proceedings of the AMS-IMS-SIAM Joint Summer Research Conference held at Mount Holyoke College, South Hadley, MA, June 18--22, 2000
WHO handbook on indoor radon : a public health perspective
Proceedings of the Second Workshop on Radon Monitoring in Radioprotection, Environmental, and/or Earth Sciences
Ecological consequences of genetic modifications : an invasion analysis approach
Lebesgue theory in the bidual of C(X)
Health effects of exposure to radon : time for reassessment?
On Radon transforms on compact Lie groups
