http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p697 alkalies
alkalies
Acids and bases are ubiquitous in chemistry. Our understanding of them, however, is dominated by their behaviour in water. Transfer to non-aqueous solvents leads to profound changes in acid-base strengths and to the rates and equilibria of many processes: for example, synthetic reactions involving acids, bases and nucleophiles; isolation of pharmaceutical actives through salt formation; formation of zwitter- ions in amino acids; and chromatographic separation of substrates. This book seeks to enhance our understanding of acids and bases by reviewing and analysing their behaviour in non-aqueous solvents. The behaviour is related where possible to that in water, but correlations and contrasts between solvents are also presented. Fundamental background material is provided in the initial chapters: quantitative aspects of acid-base equilibria, including definitions and relationships between solution pH and species distribution; the influence of molecular structure on acid strengths; and acidity in aqueous solution.
Oxygen uptake, acid-base balance and hormonal responses in maximal 300 - 400 m running in child, adolescent and adult athletes
Lucky kunst : the rise and fall of young British art
Drawing now : between the lines of contemporary art
Plasma excited atomic resonance line spectroscopy as a method for real-time detection of alkali metals in combustion gases
Women artists in the 20th and 21st century
Fluids, electrolytes, and acid-base balance
In this film, she speaks frankly about her career, the craft of her immensely varied work, and the immediate, personal themes with which she engages: autobiography, memory, desire, and identity. --- Many of her best-known works, including Everyone I Have Ever Slept With 1963-1995 (1995) and My Bed (1998), are illustrated and discussed, as is a wide selection of drawings, prints, paintings, neons, applique blankets and installations.
Rakastaa, ei rakasta... : kokoelmien valitut : Nykytaiteen museo Kiasma 3.4.2004 - 27.2.2005 = Love me or leave me : favourites from the collections : Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma 3.4.2004 - 27.2.2005 / [toimittajat = editors: Eija Aarnio, Marja Sakari]
The role of confession in late twentieth-century British art
Tracey Emin : interview : [This is another place : Modern Art Oxford, 10.11.2002 - 19.1.2003] / edited by Suzanne Cotter ; [interviewer: Andrew Nairne]
Exercise physiology : theory and application to fitness and performance
Chemical principles : the quest for insight
Exploring chemical analysis / Daniel C. Harris
Development of amplification-based technologies for enrichment of nucleic acids with difficult sequences or low-abundance point mutations
The Turner prize 1999 : an exhibition of work by the shortlisted artists : Tracey Emin, Steve McQueen, Steven Pippin, Jane and Louise Wilson : Tate Gallery, 20 October 1999 - 6 February 2000
Tracey Emin : love is what you want : Hayward Gallery, London, 18.5. - 29.8.2011
Direct observation of a borane–silane complex involved in frustrated Lewis-pair-mediated hydrosilylations
Just love me : post\feminist positions of the 1990s from the Goetz : [Fries Museum Leeuwarden, 24.4. - 21.6.2004 : Bergen Art Museum, 23.8. - 26.10.2003] / edited by Rainald Schumacher, Matthias Winzen
Thermochemistry and melting properties of alkali salt mixtures in black liquor conversion processes
The regulation of acid-base balance
Emotion : Junge britische und amerikanische Kunst aus der Sammlung Goetz = young British and American art from the Goetz collection : Deichtorhallen Hamburg, 30. Oktober 1998 - 17. Januar 1999 / Herausgegeben von = edited by: Zdenek Felix
Elementit : Kiasman kokoelmat = Elements : Kiasma collections : [Nykytaiteen museo Kiasma = Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma, 13.3. - 9.8.2015] ; Face to face : muotokuva nyt : Kiasman kokoelmat = Face to face : portrait now : Kiasma collections : [Nykyt / [toimittajat = editors Saara Hacklin, Arja Miller ; toimitusryhmä = editorial team Eija Aarnio ... [et al.] ]
Tracey Emin : love is what you want
TE : Tracey Emin
Shriver & Atkins inorganic chemistry
Ant noises at the Saatchi Gallery : catalogue 2 : Jake and Dinos Chapman, Tracey Emin, Damien Hirst ... [et al.] : Saatchi Gallery, [London], September - November 2000 / text: Gemma de Cruz
Between the devil and the deep (blue) sea : [Nykytaiteen museo = Museum of Contemporary Art] : [Rautatientori = Railway Square] : [MUU Media Base] : [Kluuvin Galleria = Kluuvi Gallery] : [MUU Galleria = MUU Gallery], 14 - 31 August 1997 / [curated and produced by Beaconsfield and ampcom ; Stuart Brisley produced by = tuotanto Museum of Contemporary Art = Nykytaiteen museo]
Tracey Emin : this is another place : [Modern Art Oxford, 10.11.2002 - 19.1.2003]
The portrait in bits and pieces : some observations on a genre on the move
Effects of gradual weight reduction on body composition, hormone concentrations, acid-base balance and power performance in male athletes
Tracey Emin : works 1963-2006
Introduction: beyond the mother tongue? Multilingual practices and the monolingual paradigm -- The uncanny mother tongue: monolingualism and Jewishness in Franz Kafka -- The foreign in the mother tongue: words of foreign derivation and utopia in Theodor W. Adorno -- Detaching from the mother tongue: bilingualism and liberation in Yoko Tawada -- Surviving the mother tongue: literal translation and trauma in Emine Sevgi Özdamar -- Inventing a motherless tongue: mixed language and masculinity in Feridun Zaimolu -- Conclusion: toward a multilingual paradigm? The disaggregated mother tongue.
The art of Tracey Emin
Auto/biography and identity : women, theatre and performance
Between the devil and the deep (blue) sea : 14 - 31 August 1997
Acute incremental endurance performance and explosive strength training period : muscle activity, acid-base balance and hormonal responses
Exploring chemical analysis
Experiments in biochemistry : a hands-on approach : a manual for the undergraduate laboratory
Taktiken des ego = Tactics of the ego : Stiftung Lehmbruck Museum, Zentrum Internationaler Skulptur, Duisburg, 24.05 - 31.08. 2003 / [Katalog = catalogue: Cornelia Brüninghaus-Knubel, Sabine Maria Schmidt ; Autoren = authors: Christoph Brockhaus ... [et al.]]
Tracey Emin : 20 years : [Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art, Edinburgh, 2.8. - 9.11.2008 : Centro de Arte Contemporáneo de Málaga, 28.11.2008 - 22.2.2009 : Kunstmuseum Bern, 19.3. - 21.6.2009] / Patrick Elliot, Julian Schnabel
My life in a column
Ten years Tracey Emin : [Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, 19.10. - 31.12.2002] / [Samenstelling en organisatie: Tracey Emin, Dorine Mignot ; Tekst: Rudi Fuchs]
Low-protein vegetarian diet does not have a short-term effect on blood acid¿base status but raises oxygen consumption during submaximal cycling
MED12 : a novel player in uterine leiomyomas
Open the curtain : Kunst und Tanz im Wechselspiel = Interplay between Art and Dance : Kunsthalle zu Kiel der Christian-Albrechts-Universität, 12. April - 4. Mai 2003 / Hrsg. = eds. Dirk Luckow, Susanne Traub
Trends in air concentration and deposition at background monitoring sites in Sweden : major inorganic compounds, heavy metals and ozone
Beyond the mother tongue : the postmonolingual condition
Atatürk için düşünmek : iki eser: Katafalk ve Anitkabir, iki mimar: Bruno Taut ve Emin Onat = Für Atatürk gedacht : zwei Werke: Katafalk und Anitkabir, zwei Architekten: Bruno Taut und Emin Onat = Thinking for Atatürk : two works: the catafalque and Anitkabir, two architects: Bruno Taut and Emin Onat
Art from the UK : Mona Hatoum, Douglas Gordon, Abigail Lane, Rachel Whiteread, Sammlung Goetz : [27. Oktober 1997 -  28. Februar 1998] : Angela Bulloch, Willie Doherty, Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas, Sam Taylor Wood : [Sammlung Goetz, 30. März - 2. August 1998 / [Herausgeber: Ingvid Goetz, Christiane Meyer-Stoll ; Redaktion:  Christiane Meyer-Stoll, Karen Lauer, Nikolaus G. Schneider]
Monolingualism--the idea that having just one language is the norm--is only a recent invention, dating to late-eighteenth-century Europe. Yet it has become a dominant, if overlooked, structuring principle of modernity. According to this monolingual paradigm, individuals are imagined to be able to think and feel properly only in one language, while multiple languages are seen as a threat to the cohesion of individuals and communities, institutions and disciplines. As a result of this view, writing in anything but one's "mother tongue" has come to be seen as an aberration. Beyond the Mother Tongue demonstrates the impact of this monolingual paradigm on literature and culture and charts incipient moves beyond it. Because newer multilingual forms and practices exist in tension with the paradigm, which alternately obscures, pathologizes, or exoticizes them, this book argues that they can best be understood as "postmonolingual". Focused on canonical and minority writers working in German in the twentieth century, Beyond the Mother Tongue examines distinct forms of multilingualism, such as writing in one socially unsanctioned "mother tongue" about another language (Franz Kafka); mobilizing words of foreign derivation as part of a multilingual constellation within one language (Theodor W. Adorno); producing an oeuvre in two separate languages simultaneously (Yoko Tawada); and mixing different languages, codes, and registers within one text (Feridun Zaimoglu). Through these analyses, Beyond the Mother Tongue suggests that the dimensions of gender, kinship, and affect encoded in the "mother tongue" are crucial to the persistence of monolingualism and the challenge of multilingualism.
Fundamentals of chemistry
Judy Chicago : and Louise Bourgeois, Helen Chadwick, Tracey Emin
Kappa number prediction based on cooking liquor measurements
Fundamentals of organic chemistry
Alkaline leaching of iron and steelmaking dust
Parkett. 63, Tracey Emin, William Kentridge, Gregor Schneider, Jeremy Blake
Women writers and national identity : Bachmann, Duden, Özdamar
High art lite : the rise and fall of young British art
Stanley : the impossible life of Africa's greatest explorer
Tracey Emin
Introduction to chemical principles
Sculpsit : contemporary artists on sculpture and beyond / edited by Kerstin Mey
Silmäpakoja : huomioita nykytaiteen muotokuvista = The portrait in bits and pieces : some observations on a genre on the move / Patrik Nyberg
Organic chemistry
Acids and bases : solvent effects on acid-base strength
My life in a column / Tracey Emin ; [edited by Alexandra Dugdale]
Zabludowicz collection : 20 years : [Zabludowicz Collection, London, 30 April - 16 August 2015] / contributions: JJ. Charlesworth ... [et al.] ; foreword: Elizabeth Neilson ; introduction: Paul Luckraft and Elizabeth Neilson
Acid-base balance and oxidative metabolism in calcified tissues
Trans sexual express : Barcelona 2001 : a classic for the third millennium : Centre d'Art SantaMòniCa, Barcelona del 27 de juny al 30 de setembre, 2001 / curadore = comisarias = curators : Xabier Arakistain i Rose Martínez
The remarkable expedition : the story of Stanley's rescue of Emin Pasha from Equatorial Africa
