http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6970 teacher exchange
teacher exchange
PE teachers' job satisfaction, turnover, and intention to stay or leave the profession
Chinese educational migration and student-teacher mobilities : experiencing otherness
Pedagogigal [i.e. pedagogical] and social functions of code-switching in EFL classrooms
Academic mobility in a changing world : regional and global trends
Learning from academic teacher mobility
Better competences through better teaching and leading : findings from study visits 2008/09
International Meeting 2009 : Ideal platform for networking and project planning.
The forty rules of love
Visit abroad can help develop teaching
Mobility creates opportunities : European success stories : Comenius school education
An American Fulbright teacher exploring Finnish school life in Haukipudas
Socrates cooperation agreements : student and teacher mobility, academic year 1997-1998
Reality TV without the television
Adventurous decade and more : Diak's partnership in Asia
Socio-emotional orientations and teacher change
Nordic experiences - What do short-term study abroad programs have to offer?
North-south connections : a Portuguese viewpoint
The journey of an inclusive educator : to teach is to touch a life forever
Student and teacher mobility in Europe : opinions and attitudes among European political scientists
Introduction : problems and prospects of the Erasmus program
The professional value of ERASMUS mobility : the impact of international experience on former students' and on teachers' careers
Polly
Who goes where and why? : an overview and analysis of global educational mobility
Should I stay or should I go? Physical education teachers' career intentions
The European dimension in teacher education
The last time they met
The internationalisation and strategic planning of higher-education institutions : an analysis of Finnish EPS strategies
The summer isles
Challenges the finnish schools have faced in the comenius 1 projects
Abstract:.
Constructing new professional identities : career changers in teacher education
The new Summerhill
Tutoring Finnish exchange students in Zambia : experiences of clinical tutors
Internationalization in teacher education. Vol. 5, Mobilities
Report on the pilot phase of the North-South Programme
Raise anchor and set sail! : Celia worked as an assistant teacher in Rauma
International activities in Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences : developing by benchmarking
Teacher exchange : adding greater value to the International Business Programme
Trade schools, universities, and programs for international students have begun to experiment with Content and Language Integrated Learning (CLIL) as a viable pedagogy for instruction, as the pedagogy of CLIL increasingly gains recognition as a practical form of language and content education in Europe and beyond, and its application in instructional settings becomes more diverse. Corresponding with CLIL's growth, this book focuses on foreign language use during peer interactions in a new CLIL setting. It particularly concentrates on how to conduct research when the focus is on learner interactions. The theoretical background, research methods, and research instruments are explained in a brief and understandable manner. This book is intended for those interested in CLIL and peer interactions and includes a framework and ideas for investigating new CLIL contexts in a practical manner allowing undergraduate and graduate students to conduct their own research in these settings.
International mobility in Finnish education : trends and developments in tertiary and secondary education 2000-2004
Peer interactions in new content and language integrated settings
A special guest from Namibia
Teaching mobility between Lapland UAS and UAS Technikum Wien
Socrates agreements
Evaluation of Cimo North-South higher education network programme : final report
The internationalization and strategic planning of higher-education institutions : an analysis of Finnish  EPS strategies
Mobility creates opportunities : European success stories : Erasmus
Why do teachers leave the teaching profession? : can alternative certificate programs eliminate the U. S. teacher shortage issue?
Research on academic mobility : an overview, list of researchers and bibliography
European and national policies for academic mobility / : linking rhetoric, practice and mobility trends
Conclusions : policy alternatives for European political science
Talking about Jane Austen in Baghdad
