http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6977 forced labour
forced labour
Bridget Jones's diary
Restraint use in older nursing home residents: nursing staff perceptions and decision-making in Swiss Nursing homes
Guidelines to prevent abusive recruitment, exploitative employment and trafficking of migrant workers in the Baltic Sea region
Law as last resort : prosecution decision-making in a regulatory agency
Trafficking and prostitution reconsidered : new perspectives on migration, sex work, and human rights
Forced labor in Austria 1938-1945 : Fund for Reconciliation, Peace and Cooperation : late recognition, history, tragic fates
In the despair of a Japanese POW camp on the Burma Death Railway, surgeon Dorrigo Evans is haunted by his affair with his uncle's young wife two years earlier. Struggling to save the men under his command from starvation, from cholera, from pitiless beatings, he receives a letter that will change his life forever.
The Gulag at war : Stalin's forced labour system in the light of the archives
Remembering survival : inside a Nazi slave-labor camp
Human trafficking
The diary of a Gulag prison guard
"...This issue of 'Concilium' tries to break the wall of silence around trafficking that accompanies the wave of globalized trade and migration. The fight against trafficking has begun, and 'Concilium' wishes to look at governmental, transnational, and non-governmental initiatives that work to combat one of the most extreme forms of exploitation that emerged in the current economic system." --Editorial, p. 7.
"This book describes the growth and development of communal forced labor in Kenya from 1912-1930. During the early period in Kenya's colonial history the British administration employed various forms of forced labor to make Africans work on the building of infrastructure, like roads and bridges, and also for European settlers on their plantations. This type of forced labor was defined and justified as a continuation of traditional duties that Africans would normally owe to their chiefs. Under communal labor, the state in Kenya exploited African labor in ways that often contradicted its traditional mandate. Previous studies of forced labor in colonial Kenya have tended to describe communal labor as milder form of coercion. This book offers a fresh interpretation by exploring the negative impacts of communal labor and the various African reactions to this coercive labor regime"--
Transnational migration and work in Asia
Mielenterveyden häiriöiden hoito 1990-luvulla : mitä tilastot kertovat? = Treatment of mental disorders in the 1990's : what do the statistics say?
Forced ranking : making performance management work
Europe, slave trade and colonial forced labour
The house of the dead : Siberian exile under the tsars
Summary (s. 9-22).
The Finnish national rapporteur on trafficking in human beings : report 2010 : trafficking in human beings, phenomena related to it, and implementation of the rights of human trafficking victims in Finland
The history of the Gulag : from collectivization to the great terror
National plan of action against trafficking in human beings : Finland
Understanding addiction behaviours : theoretical and clinical practice in health and social care
Tongues of serpents
Understanding global slavery : a reader
Communal labor in colonial Kenya : the legitimization of coercion, 1912-1930
Fundamental rights at work and international labour standards
Convict labor in the Portuguese empire, 1740-1932 : redefining the empire with forced labor and new imperialism
Smashed in the USSR : fear, loathing and vodka on the steppes
Delicious foods : a novel
Continuity and change in African cultures
Hard labour : the forgotten voices of Latvian migrant 'volunteer' workers
The narrow road to the deep North
Gulag : a history
Modern slavery : work-based human trafficking in Finland
Voices from the Gulag
Asian labor in the wartime Japanese empire : unknown histories
The American slave coast : a history of the slave-breeding industry
The railway man
The grey - suden hetki
The great terror : Stalin's purge of the thirties
Exploitation of migrant workers in Finland, Sweden, Estonia and Lithuania : uncovering the links between recruitment, irregular employment practices and labour trafficking
Servitude in modern times
Bridget Jones's Diary : a novel
Confessions of a shopaholic
Involuntary labour since the abolition of slavery : a survey of compulsory labour throughout the world
The alphabet of spiritual emptiness
The Russian North : the rise, evolution and current condition of state settlement policy
The business of genocide : the SS, slave labor, and the concentration camps
Bridget Jones's diary : a novel
Martyrs of Magadan : memories of the Gulag
Implementation of the Helsinki accords : hearing before the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe ; Ninety-ninth Congress ; first session ; Soviet forced labor practices, August 15, 1985, Buffalo, NY
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
From forced flexibility to forced labour : the exploitation of migrant workers in Finland
The unknown gulag : the lost world of Stalin's special settlements
The victims return : survivors of the Gulag after Stalin
Mielenterveyden häiriöiden hoito 1978-1998 = Vården av psykiska störningar i Finland = Treatment of mental disorders in Finland
Gulag town, company town : forced labor and its legacy in Vorkuta
Understanding addiction has never been more important, as many professionals, from counsellors and nurses, to social workers and health psychologists, encounter addictive behaviour on a daily basis. Looking at addiction in all of its forms, this multi-disciplinary book provides a comprehensive introduction to the substances and the activities which can lead to excessive and addictive behaviour. It discusses pharmacological addictions, including both legal and illegal substances. It also covers nonpharmacological dependencies (such as internet addiction, eating disorders, gambling and sexual addiction) which, despite their prevalence, are often absent from the literature on addiction. Drawing on the field's broad evidence base, the book features: a- coverage of eleven types of addictive substances and activities, outlining signs, symptoms, adverse consequences and assessment and intervention strategies for each; a- a range of engaging reflective activities and case studies to link theoretical discussion directly to practice; a- analysis of the broader context of addiction, including dual diagnosis and harm reduction, and issues relating to diversity and service provision. Offering a rigorous introduction to the full spectrum of addictive behaviour, this book is essential reading for anyone seeking to understand the nature of addiction for contemporary practice.
Delicious Foods : a novel
Trafficking for forced labour and labour exploitation in Finland, Poland and Estonia
Human trafficking in Europe: character, causes and consequences
Exile, colonial space, and deterritorialized people in Eastern Indonesian history
Abnormal psychology : core concepts
The forsaken : from the Great Depression to the gulags : hope and betrayal in Stalin's Russia
Bondage : labor and rights in Eurasia from the sixteenth to the early twentieth centuries
Global labor standards and local freedoms
Confessions of a shopaholic : previously published as The secret dreamworld of a shopaholic
Bridget Jones : the edge of reason
The worlds of unfree labour : from indentured servitude to slavery
Death and redemption : the Gulag and the shaping of Soviet society
Enslaved : true stories of modern day slavery
A fully documented history of the Soviet camp system, from its origins in the Russian Revolution to its collapse in the era of glasnost. Anne Applebaum first lays out the chronological history of the camps and the logic behind their creation, enlargement, and maintenance. Applebaum also examines how life was lived within this shadow country: how prisoners worked, how they ate, where they lived, how they died, how they survived. She examines their guards and their jailers, the horrors of transportation in empty cattle cars, the strange nature of Soviet arrests and trials, the impact of World War II, the relations between different national and religious groups, and the escapes, as well as the extraordinary rebellions that took place in the 1950s. She concludes by examining the disturbing question why the Gulag has remained relatively obscure, in the historical memory of both the former Soviet Union and the West.
Coercion, perceived care and quality of life among patients in psychiatric hospitals
The vile village
Exile in colonial Asia : kings, convicts, commemoration
The tongues of serpents
Handbook of addictive disorders : a practical guide to diagnosis and treatment
Motivational interviewing : preparing people for change
"A wide-ranging, powerful, alternative vision of the history of the United States and how the slave-breeding industry shaped it. The American Slave Coast tells the horrific story of how the slavery business in the United States made the reproductive labor of "breeding women" essential to the expansion of the nation. The book shows how slaves' children, and their children's children, were human savings accounts that were the basis of money and credit. This was so deeply embedded in the economy of the slave states that it could only be decommissioned by Emancipation, achieved through the bloodiest war in the history of the United States. The American Slave Coast is an alternative history of the United States that presents the slavery business, as well as familiar historical figures and events, in a revealing new light"--
Child and adolescent psychiatric inpatient care in Finland
Gulag : a history of the Soviet camps
The narrow road to the deep north
Jewish forced labor under the Nazis : economic needs and racial aims, 1938-1944
