http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6973 imprisonment
imprisonment captivity incarceration
Thomas the Rhymer : a romance
The Count of Monte Cristo
Children of the jacaranda tree
Rosalind and the little deer
The barefoot lawyer : the remarkable memoir of China's bravest political activist
Prisons 2000 : an international perspective on the current state and future of imprisonment
Rethinking imprisonment
Grass soup
The shadow pavilion : a detective inspector Chen novel
Economic crimes in Finnish case law
Napoleon : the immortal of St. Helena
International forum of contemporary criminal law. 1, Collected papers
The prisoner
The prison memoirs of a Japanese woman
Imprisonment and penal policy in Finland
Tunisia imprisonment of trade unionists in 1978.
Tune. Book 2 : Still life
The heart of Betrayal
A gentleman in Moscow
Crime and criminal justice : criminological research in the 2nd decade at the Max Planck Institute in Freiburg
Summary.
Into the whirlwind
The Expansion of European prison systems
In the beginning was the end
The one and only Ivan
Sixteen-year-old Linus Weems, a street person since leaving his wealthy father's home, is kidnapped and taken to an underground bunker where he is soon joined by five others, ranging in age from nine to seventy, who are alternately cared for and tortured by their unseen captor.
The panopticon writings
Prison experiences and coping styles among Palestinian men
Imprisonment: does it vindicate itself? : survey of an international practice in the application of imprisonment
The aims of a penal system
The promise of punishment : prisons in nineteenth-century France
The persistent prison? : rethinking decarceration and penal reform
A dangerous gunfighter. A beautiful outlaw. A thrilling pursuit. Degan Grant is heading to California, far away from the home he wants to forget, when a US Marshal calls in a favour. Degan has to apprehend three outlaws and turn them over to the law - easy enough for a man no one wants to tangle with. But one of the outlaws defies Degan's every expectation. Maxine is sassy, spirited - and insists she is innocent. And, knowing that her capture will lead to her hanging, she's determined to escape the handsome, enigmatic gunfighter.
A prisoner in the garden : opening Nelson Mandela's prison archive
Trends in prison law
Quiet rage : the Stanford prison experiment
The ice child
Red notice : how I became Putin's no. 1. enemy
Prisons and the process of justice
The sultan's wife
Imprisonment in England and Wales : a concise history
Travels in the scriptorium
Aung San Suu Kyi : a portrait in words and pictures
Don't trust, don't fear, don't beg : the extraordinary story of the Arctic 30
International forum of contemporary criminal law. 2, Collected papers
Invitation to a beheading
The poison tree
Doing time : an introduction to the sociology of imprisonment
The nightspinners
Games prisoners play : the tragicomic worlds of Polish prison
No evidence of specific deterrence under penal moderation : imprisonment and recidivism in Finland
Raoul Wallenberg in Budapest : myth, history and Holocaust
Bridget Jones : the edge of reason
This book explores the world of religious thinking on imprisonment, and how images of imprisonment were used in monastic thought, the cult of saints, the early inquisitions, preaching and hagiographical literature and the world of the crusades to describe a conception of inclusion and freedom that was especially meaningful to medieval Christians.
Mothering justice : working with mothers in criminal and social justice settings
Imprisonment today and tomorrow : international perspectives on prisoners rights and prison conditions
Beyond Foucault : new perspectives on Bentham's Panopticon
Analysing women's imprisonment
Orange is the new black : my year in a women's prison
Women, crime, and custody in Victorian England
Penal policy-making in England : papers presented to the Cropwood Round-Table Conference December 1976
The English penal system in transition
The natural way of things
Midnight in the century
Women in prison : a study in penal methods
International corrections
The drowning game : a novel
Wildfire in his arms
The outcast
Waiting for justice : part II of a study on detention on remand in the member states of the Council of Europe plus Finland : a survey of regimes and regulations for prisoners awaiting trial
Incarceration for crimes never committed
Sentencing and criminal justice
Fifteen years of decreasing prisoner rates in Finland : a report presented to a study group from Western Australia in 1991 with a postscript 5 November 1993
Terrible exile : the last days of Napoleon on St Helena
Shame and the captives
Imprisonment : the legal status and rights of prisoners
Last letters : prisons and prisoners of the French Revolution 1793-1794
Desperation
Animals in captivity
Shadow pavilion : a detective inspector Chen novel
Principled sentencing
Murder and penal policy
Twelve dancing princesses
Sentencing reform in overcrowded times : a comparative perspective
Droits fondamentaux et détention pénale : actes du Septième Colloque international de la F.I.P.P. Neuchâtel/Suisse, 3-7 octobre 1992 = Human rights and penal detention : proceedings of the Seventh international I.P.P.F. Colloquium Neuchâtel/Switzerland, 3rd-7th October 1992
The castle
Finding me : a decade of darkness, a life reclaimed : a memoir of the Cleveland kidnappings
Ghost heart
The law of deprivation of liberty : a study in social control : cases and materials
Doing time
Prison on trial : a critical assessment
In 1933, Victor Serge was arrested by Stalin's police, interrogated, and held in solitary confinement for more than eighty days. Released, he spent two years in exile in remote Orenburg. These experiences were the inspiration for Midnight in the Century, Serge's searching novel about revolutionaries living in the shadow of Stalin's betrayal of the revolution. Among the exiles - true believers in a cause that no longer exists - gathered in the town of Chenor, or Black Waters, are the granite-faced old Bolshevik Ryzhik, stoic yet gentle Varvara, and Rodion, a young, self-educated worker who is trying to make sense of the world and history. They struggle in the unlikely company of Russian Orthodox Old Believers who are also suffering for their faith. Against unbelievable odds, the young Rodion will escape captivity and find a new life in the wild. Surviving the dark winter night of the soul, he rediscovers the only real, and most radical, form of resistance: hope
The bunker diary
Former people : the last days of the Russian aristocracy
Prison diary and letters
Thomas the rhymer : a romance
Children of incarcerated parents : theoretical, developmental, and clinical issues
White nights : the story of a prisoner in Russia
Taking life imprisonment seriously in national and international law
Random family : love, drugs, trouble, and coming of age in the Bronx
The girl who beat ISIS : Farida's story
Women and punishment : the struggle for justice
Former people : the final days of Russian aristocracy
The hidden princess
Incapacitation : penal confinement and the restraint of crime
The other queen
Imprisonment in the medieval religious imagination, c. 1150-1400
3,096 days in captivity
Life after death : eighteen years on death row
