http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6987 tourism promotion
tourism promotion
Marketing Finland as an adventure travel destination for german travellers : case: KymiSun and Ruunaa Hiking Centre
Finnish nature branded : promoting Finland through Visit Finland's website
New challenges for tourism promotion : tackling high competition and multimedia changes
Identifying and Improving the image of Vietnam Tourism as a Tourism destination among Finnish tourist
Sustainable Tourism Development in Rural Azerbaijan
NGP yearbook 2006
Creative tourism : a global conversation
Heritage through fiction : Dracula tourism in Romania
Destination branding in a country context : a case study of Finland in British market
Abstract.
Tourism management : an introduction
World geography of travel and tourism : a regional approach
Tourism and sustainable economic development : macroeconomic models and empirical methods
Wellness and tourism : mind, body, spirit, place
Medical tourism : the ethics, regulation, and marketing of health mobility
Interregional tourism cooperation : experiences from the Barents
Developing international marketing for a geopark packaged tour for the Hong Kong market
Destination marketing : case: German national tourist board in Finland
Attracting attention : promotion and marketing for tourism attractions
Urban destination marketing in contemporary Europe : uniting theory and practice
Tourism in the Caribbean : trends, development, prospects
Official tourism websites : a discourse analysis perspective
Finding heritage through fiction in Dracula tourism
Tourism. 3, student's book
Routledge handbook of tourism research
Benchmarking national tourism organisations and agencies : understanding best practice
Marketing in the tourism industry : the promotion of destination regions
An eye for the tropics : tourism, photography, and framing the Caribbean picturesque
How tour operators promote Mauritius as a tourist destination
Fundamentals of planning and developing tourism
Tourism : principles and practice
Challenges of tour operators : case: Dar-es-Salaam, Tanzania
NTO marketing activities
The research conducted is about the brand image of a tourism destination studied at the tourism destination Black Forest in Germany. The research problem that is elaborated further is based on how the brand image of the Black Forest can be enhanced. There is little research done yet about branding tourism destinations. As branding gets more and more important more attention to branding destinations should be drawn. Furthermore it is very interesting to find out people's motives of travelling to a particular destination. With choosing to travel to a destination the destination image plays therefore an important role.  In this research it is tried to find out the main associations and characteristics people connect with the Black Forest. Therefore a questionnaire is carried out with a number of potential as well as current or former tourists of the Black Forest. The questionnaire was carried out by e-mail, personally in a tourism information office and in a typical Black Forest hotel. The time span the questionnaire was carried out and evaluated were about 4 weeks. The main associations concerning the Black Forest were nature, tradition and hospitality. Surprisingly many older respondents ranked the Black Forest as being eventful. As main activities the majority stated hiking or going for walks in the nature. Furthermore families and best agers were chosen as the tourist group the Black Forest is best suited for. Hiking/biking holidays and recreation holidays were ranked over skiing or camping holidays.  To conclude it was suggested to advertise the Black Forest more consistently and therefore choose fewer associations as well in order to market the destination better and more effectively. This should also enhance and strengthen the destination image people have. In addition to that it is important to make more attractive offers for younger travellers as well. Furthermore the brand awareness of foreign people especially from Europe has to be raised with marketing campaigns for example.
The tourism development handbook : a practical approach to planning and marketing
Managing volunteers in tourism : attractions, destinations and events
Tourism in China : destination, cultures and communities
Lake tourism : an integrated approach to lacustrine tourism systems
Tourism and regional development : new pathways
Visual art and design as a tool for promoting tourism & business : SI-FI photo installation project
Tourism and public policy
Tourism marketing for cities and towns : using branding and events to attract tourists
The development of nature tourism in the border regions of Finland and Russia
Destination branding for small cities : the essentials for successful place branding
Community destination management in developing economies
Tourism management : analysis, behaviour, and strategy
Developing a dream destination : tourism and tourism policy planning in Hawai'i
From Berlin with love
Tourism is the back bone of Nepalese economy. Nepal is naturally blessed country with lots of prospects and potentialities in the field of tourism. Despite of having plenty of scarce natural resources, Nepal is not able to make any revolutionary progress in tourism industry due to various reasons. Being largest industry of the nation, tourism plays pivotal and significant role in overall economic development of Nepal.     The objective of this research is to study the prospects and also to identify the problems that have been hindering the development of tourism in Nepal. Besides, there is a thorough evaluation and analysis of current tourism marketing strategy in order to fulfill the demand for sustainable tourism products in international markets. This research is concluded with viable recommendations in order to improve tourism marketing strategy.      The data needed for this research were gathered from various literature reviews, surveys, books and journals. In order to implement empirical part of this research, quantitative questionnaires were prepared for tourists, tour operators and other governing bodies of Nepal.    Political instability, decade long Maoist insurgency, lack of fund, improper management, and lack of promotional marketing strategy were the key issues to make detrimental impacts in tourism industry of Nepal. In order to improve Nepalese tourism marketing strategy, focus on price, product, people, place and destination promotion is recommended.
Tourism Service Marketing and Development Efforts in Nepal : A Case Study : Alfresco Adventure Private Limited Nepal
Enabling experiences : the role of tour operators and tour leaders in creating and managing package tourism experiences
Foundations of marketing
Communities as a part of sustainable rural tourism - success factor or inevitable burden? : proceedings of the Community Tourism Conference, 10th-11th September 2013 in Kotka, Finland
The future of traditional destinations : is their experience relevant to emerging countries in Europe? : Rimini (Italy) and San Marino, 20-21 May 2004 = L'avenir des destinations traditionnelles : leur expérience est-elle utile aux pays émergents d'Europe? : Rimini (Italie) et Saint-Marin, 20-21 Mai 2004
COMCOT - an innovative tool for improving the competitiveness of community-based tourism : the evaluation of the community-based tourism development process
Destination brands : managing place reputation
Online marketing communication plan of NR Travel and Tours
Finland 4 you : cool, contrasting, creative, credible
Tourism, progress and peace
The brand image of a tourism destination : a case study of the destination image of the Black Forest region
Management of recreation and nature based tourism in European forests
The Routledge handbook of tourism marketing
World of resorts : from development to management
Marketing and managing tourism destinations
Sociocultural sustainability of rural community-based tourism : case study of local participation in fair trade coffee trail, Nicaragua
Destinations as tourism products : marketing of Finland in Spain
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Nautical tourism : concepts and issues
Find out about Finland
Event policy : from theory to strategy
Events and urban regeneration / the strategic use of events to revitalise cities
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2013 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 22-25, 2013
Current challenges in promoting development through tourism in Namibia : experiences of private and community-based tourism enterprises and practical recommendations
TOURISM DEVELOPMENT AND ITS IMPACT ON THE LIVELIHOOD OF THE THARUS : A Case Study of Chitwan National Park, Nepal
Country image and its effects in promoting a tourist destination : a case study of South African image
Sport Tourism : Development and promotions of Finnish cricket
Film Tourism: Study on How Films Can Be Used to Promote Tourism
Promoting Uganda's tourism using branding as a tool : case: Uganda, Gifted by Nature (GBN) Incorporation
Food tourism and regional development : networks, products and trajectories
Tourism strategy of Kola district 2015.
Managing coastal tourism resorts : a global perspective
Tourism strategies and local responses in Southern Africa
Offers information about how to promote and market tourism attractions for maximum results. This book focuses on different approaches, strategies, tools, and techniques marketers can use when promoting their organizations to the public. It is suitable for students enrolled in tourism, hospitality management, marketing, and communications programs.
Developing International Marketing for a Geopark Packaged Tour for the Hong Kong market
To enlarge the travel markets from Shanghai to Turku (Shanghai CITS, Ltd.)
Multiple channel strategies in the European PC industry
Prospects and problems of tourism marketing in Nepal
The gambling industry of Macau : sustainibility of growth
Community perceptions to climate change in Finnish Lapland : examining vulnerabilities and adaptive responses to the changing characteristics of Arctic tourism
