http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p698 wave motion
wave motion
Physics : curiosities, oddities, and novelties
Wavelet methods for dynamical problems : with application to metallic, composite, and nano-composite structures
Practical methods for observing and forecasting ocean waves by means of wave spectra and statistics
The physics of waves
Fundamental math and physics for scientists and engineers
Theory of wave scattering from random rough surfaces
The dynamics of the upper ocean
Waves and tides
Bores, breakers, waves and wakes : an introduction to the study of waves on water
Theory of reflection : reflection and transmission of electromagnetic, particle and acoustic waves
Spin-dynamics in cold gases of 87Rb and atomic hydrogen : the spins they are a-changin'
Wave propagation and scattering in random media
Background elimination in Coherent Anti-Stokes Raman spectroscopy
Waves
Vibrations and waves
Nonlinear dynamics of internal gravity in shallow seas
Active and passive dielectric rod waveguide components for millimetre wavelenghts
Nonlinear waves and solitons
Waves in nonlinear pre-stressed materials
Discontinuous Galerkin method for time-domain wave problems
Vibration problems in engineering
The physics of music and color
Light-matter interaction : physics and engineering at the nanoscale
Physics for scientists and engineers. 1, Mechanics, oscillations and waves, thermodynamics
Acoustics in moving inhomogeneous media
Physics of waves
Surface waves and discontinuities
Fundamentals of wavelets : theory, algorithms, and applications
Oceanographical engineering
Chiral hard surface waveguide polarization transformers
An introduction to random vibrations, spectral and wavelet analysis
College physics : a strategic approach - student workbook volume 1
Propagation of waves in curved spacetimes
A student's guide to waves
Ocean wave spectra : proceedings of conference ... Easton, Maryland May 1-4, 1961.
Human response to vibration
Physics. Volume 1
On the electron and phonon transport in locally periodical waveguides
Non-diffracting waves
Active and passive dielectric rod waveguide components for millimetre wavelengths
Physics in minutes
Oscillations and waves : an introduction
Physical principles of remote sensing
Ship wavemaking in the context of a RANS-solver FINFLO-ship
More than fifty years ago, John Coltrane drew the twelve musical notes in a circle and connected them by straight lines, forming a five-pointed star. Inspired by Einstein, Coltrane had put physics and geometry at the core of his music. Physicist and jazz musician Stephon Alexander returns the favor, using jazz to answer physics’ most vexing questions about the past and future of the universe. Following the great minds that first drew the links between music and physics—a list including Pythagoras, Kepler, Newton, Einstein, and Rakim—The Jazz of Physics revisits the ancient realm where music, physics, and the cosmos were one. This cosmological journey accompanies Alexander’s own tale of struggling to reconcile his passion for music and physics, from taking music lessons as a boy in the Bronx to studying theoretical physics at Imperial College, London’s inner sanctum of string theory. Playing the saxophone and improvising with equations, Alexander uncovered the connection between the fundamental waves that make up sound and the fundamental waves that make up everything else. As he reveals, the ancient poetic idea of the “music of the spheres,” taken seriously, clarifies confounding issues in physics. Whether you are more familiar with Brian Greene or Brian Eno, John Coltrane or John Wheeler, the Five Percent Nation or why the universe is less than five percent visible, there is a new discovery on every page. Covering the entire history of the universe from its birth to its fate, its structure on the smallest and largest scales, The Jazz of Physics will fascinate and inspire anyone interested in the mysteries of our universe, music, and life itself.
College physics : a strategic approach
Modern electrodynamics
Using multivariate statistics
Computational wave dynamics
Added resistance and unsteady bow wave field of a ship in short waves
Gas dynamics : an introduction with examples from astrophysics and geophysics
This book lays the foundations of gas- and fluid dynamics. The basic equations are developed from first principles, building on the (assumed) knowledge of Classical Mechanics. This leads to the discussion of the mathematical properties of flows, conservation laws, perturbation analysis, waves and shocks. Most of the discussion centers on ideal (frictionless) fluids and gases. Viscous flows are discussed when considering flows around obstacles and shocks. Many of the examples used to illustrate various processes come from astrophysics and geophysical phenomena.--
Introduction to the physics of waves
Power definitions and the physical mechanism of power flow
Structural design '98 : seminar held in Espoo, Finland, 26 March 1998
Waves on water of variable depth
Diffractive wavefront modulation by microstructured optical media
Wave fields in real media : wave propagation in anisotropic, anelastic, porous, and electromagnetic media
Numerical simulation of optical wave propagation with examples in MATLAB
Wave attenuation and wave set-up on a coastal reef
"Considering that wavelet transforms have proved useful in the solution and analysis of engineering mechanics problems, up to now there has been no sufficiently comprehensive text on this use. Wavelet Methods for Dynamical Problems: With Application to Metallic, Composite, and Nano-Composite Structures addresses this void, exploring the special value of wavelet transforms and their applications from a mechanical engineering perspective. It discusses the use of existing and cutting-edge wavelet methods for the numerical solution of structural dynamics and wave propagation problems." "Available books on wavelet transforms generally cover their mathematical aspects and effectiveness in signal processing and as approximation bases for solution of differential equations. However, this book discusses how wavelet transforms are an optimal tool for solving ordinary differential equations obtained by modeling a structure. It also demonstrates the use of wavelet methods in solving partial differential wave equations related to structural dynamics, a topic that has not been sufficiently explored in the literature to this point. Many well-established transforms, such as Fourier, have severe limitations in handling finite structures and specifying non-zero boundary/initial conditions. As a result, they have limited utility in solving real-world problems involving high frequency excitation." "This book carefully illustrates how the use of wavelet techniques removes all these shortcomings and has a potential to become a sophisticated analysis tool for handling dynamical problems in structural engineering. Designed to be useful for both professional researchers and graduate students alike, it provides MATLAB scripts that can be used to solve problems and numerical examples that illustrate the efficiency of wavelet methods and emphasize the physics involved."--Book jacket.
Abstract.
The world according to wavelets : the story of a mathematical technique in the making
Waves in the ocean
Generation and interaction of dissipative solitons in fiber lasers
A student's guide to Maxwell's equations
The jazz of physics : the secret link between music and the structure of the universe
Waves in metamaterials
Plane wave in a decomposable bi-anisotropic medium
Theory of electromagnetic wave propagation
Ocean wave spectra : proceedings of a conference sponsored by the U. S. Naval Oceanographic Office and the Division of Earth Sciences, National Academy of Sciences National Research Council, Easton, Maryland, May 1-4, 1961.
This book deals with the reflection of electromagnetic and particle waves by interfaces. The interfaces can be sharp or diffuse. The topics of the book contain absorption, inverse problems, anisotropy, pulses and finite beams, rough surfaces, matrix methods, numerical methods, reflection of particle waves and neutron reflection. Exact general results are presented, followed by long wave reflection, variational theory, reflection amplitude equations of the Riccati type, and reflection of short waves. There are new chapters on periodically stratified media, ellipsometry, chiral media, neutron reflection and reflection of acoustic waves. The chapter on anisotropy is much extended, with a complete treatment of the reflection and transmission properties of arbitrarily oriented uniaxial crystals.
Fields and waves in communication electronics
Wave propagation
Sears & Zemansky's college physics
An introduction to acoustics
Reflection of obliquely incident plane wave from chiral slab backed by soft and hard surface
Optics
Spontaneous movements of hands in gradients of weak VHF electromagnetic fields
Wavelet methods in statistics with R
Vibrations of continuous mechanical systems
Making waves : Irving Dardik and his superwave principle
Linear and nonlinear waves
Beginning physics 2 : waves, electromagnetism, optics and modern physics
Nonlinear waves, solitons and chaos
Fundamentals of the physical theory of diffraction
Vibration : fundamentals and practice
Seascape stories : about the dream to be somewhere else
Fundamentals of physics / extended, with  modern physics
Physics for scientists & engineers
High latitude climate and remote sensing
An introduction to the mathematical theory of waves
MEMS tuning and matching circuits, and millimeter wave on-wafer measurements
Energy : the basics
Hippocampal field potentials in animal models of Alzheimer's disease
Fundamentals of Physics : Mechanics, Relativity, and Thermodynamics
Asimov's guide to science. Volume 1 : The physical sciences
Signals, oscillations, and waves : a modern approach
Wave scattering from rough surfaces
Nonlinear ultrasound propagation in biological tissues
The physics of vibrations and waves
Most existing books on wavelets are either too mathematical or they focus on too narrow a specialty. This book provides a thorough treatment of the subject from an engineering point of view. It is a one-stop source of theory, algorithms, applications, and computer codes related to wavelets. This second edition has been updated by the addition of: a section on "Other Wavelets" that describes curvelets, ridgelets, lifting wavelets, etc. a section on lifting algorithms Sections on Edge Detection and Geophysical Applications Section on Multiresolution Time Domain Method (MRTD) and on Inverse problems.
Numerical methods for acoustical problems in time domain
Mechanical radiation
Waves and our universe
Fundamental particles of the matter : unification of particle mechanics and wave mechanics
Polarization in electromagnetic systems
Stress waves in solids
