http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6981 air conditioning systems
air conditioning systems
Ventilation systems : design and performance
Building Services Engineering
Shop manual for automotive heating and air conditioning
Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning (HVAC)control systems are omnipresent in modern buildings. This book is an introduction to all those involved in the specification, design, manufacture, installation, operation or maintainance of these systems. The book explains: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams. Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications.The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols .DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning After completing this course, you will understand: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams.Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications. The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols. DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning.
Automotive handbook
Heat and mass transfer in buildings
Building services handbook
Handbook of energy engineering
The effect of thermal plumes on the performance of ventilated ceilings in commercial kitchens
Computer applications in agricultural environments
HVAC in sustainable office buildings : A bridge between owners and engineers
Maintaining thermal conditions in exhibition of Russian Museum and Archive of Mikkeli
Air distribution systems : CIBSE commissioning code A
User-adaptive environment : feasibility of sensors and applications for improving indoor energy efficiency, comfort and well-being
Renovation of Ventilation and Air-conditioning System in Old Russian Museums
Cleanliness of ventilation systems
Staying cool : already before the ship is ready
Design of energy efficient ventilation and air-conditioning systems / N. Brelih (ed.), Olli Seppänen, Thore Berthilsson, Mari-Liis Maripuu, Herve Lamy, Alex Vanden Borre
Energy efficient heating and ventilation of large halls
Koja Marine air-conditions Allure of the Seas
Content formulations to obtain initial flow rates for ventilation duct system flow analyses
Classroom manual for automotive heating and air conditioning
Refrigeration and air conditioning
Handbook of ventilation for contaminant control
Indoor air technology in the USA
Solar home design manual for cool climates
Industrial  ventilation : a manual of recommended practice
Energy saving of central air-conditioning and control system : Case study: Nanchang Hongkelong Supermarket
Building services engineering
Development of emulation methods
Rakennusten ilmanvaihto = Ventilation for buildings : rakennusten energiatehokkuus = energy performance of buildings : ilmastointijärjestelmien määräaikaistarkastusohjeet = guidelines for inspection of air-conditioning systems
Sustainable solar housing Volume 2 : exemplary buildings and technologies
Air filtration in HVAC systems
The pellet handbook : the production and thermal utilisation of pellets
District heating and cooling
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and trouble-shooting of hydronic HVAC systems
Hygiene requirements for ventilation and air-conditioning systems and -units
Heating and cooling of buildings : design for efficiency
Indoor climate quality assessment
Study of a vapor-compression air-conditioning system for jetliners
Automobile electrical and electronic systems
Industrial ventilation design guidebook
Automotive heating and air conditioning
Fundamentals of HVAC control systems
Faber and Kell's heating and air-conditioning of buildings
The energy efficiency of chilled beam systems in an office building at different climates
