http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6989 osprey
osprey Pandion haliaetus
On the influence of radiosonde lag error on upper-air climatological data in Finland 1951-1988
Kriging in interpolating July mean temperatures and precipitation
Rain and shine : touch & feel
Setting young children up for success:approaching motivation through children’s perceptions of their ability
The weather book
Climate and weather
Proceedings of a seminar held at ECMWF on predictability 4-8 September 1995.
Weather fairies treasury
This paper quantifies the spring wheat yield conditional on temperature- and rainfall-based weather indices in Finland. The estimating equations are standardized and simplified so that they provide information for designing tradable contracts. A simple basket of weather indices, consisting of growing degree days, night frost and rainfall measures, has the potential to hedge about 38% of the wheat grower yield risk, with the remaining 62% being left as uninsured basis risk. Our results have several important implications for the design of simple and tractable weather index-based insurance contracts. The data suggest that the marginal products of weather events have a large variation across time and they are the most significant within certain critical time periods. Therefore, the weather events triggering the indemnity payments should be bounded within certain critical time regimes over their distribution along the growing season.
Are stock market prices related to the weather effects? : empirical evidence from New York City
A mechanistic perspective of possible influences of climate change on defoliating insects in North America's boreal forests
Evga state of art study : electric vehicles testing, cold conditions operability and requirements/needs
Proceedings of the GRAS SAF Workshop on Applications of GPS Radio Occultation Measurements : 16-18 June 2008, European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts, Shinfield Park, Reading, Berkshsire, UK
The wonders of the weather
Parametric uncertainty in numerical weather prediction models
Tall Buildings : Structural Systems and Aerodynamic Form
Metal levels of feathers in birds of various food chains in southern Finland
101 quick and easy secrets to create winning photographs
Why why why do tornadoes spin?
Extraordinary weather : wonders of the atmosphere from dust storms to lightning strikes
Contrasting tree-ring data with fire record in a pine-dominated landscape in the Komi Republic (Eastern European Russia) : recovering a common climate signal
The Marine observerś handbook
Weather & climate
Studies on orographic effects in a numerical weather prediction model
Weather satellite handbook
Fast-growing hybrids of Populus L. have an increasing importance as a source of renewable energy and as industrial wood. Nevertheless, the long-term sensitivity of Populus hybrids to weather conditions and hence to possible climatic hazards in Northern Europe have been insufficiently studied, likely due to the limited age of the trees (short rotation). In this study, the climatic sensitivity of ca. 65-year-old hybrid poplars (Populus balsamifera L. × P. laurifolia Ledeb.), growing at two sites in the western part of Latvia, and ca. 55-year-old hybrid aspens (Populus tremuloides Michx. × P. tremula L.), growing in the eastern part of Latvia, have been studied using classical dendrochronological techniques. The high-frequency variation of tree-ring width (TRW) of hybrid poplar from both sites was similar, but it differed from hybrid aspen due to the diverse parental species and geographic location of the stands. Nevertheless, some common tendencies in TRW were observed for both hybrids. Climatic factors influencing TRW were generally similar for both hybrids, but their composition differed. The strength of climate-TRW relationships was similar, but the hybrid poplar was affected by a higher number of climatic factors. Hybrid poplar was sensitive to factors related to water deficit in late summer in the previous and current years. Hybrid aspen was sensitive to conditions in the year of formation of tree-ring. Both hybrids also displayed a reaction to temperature during the dormant period. The observed climate-growth relationships suggest that increasing temperatures might burden the radial growth of the studied hybrids of Populus..
Proceedings of a seminar held at ECMWF on parametrization of subgrid physical processes : 1-4 September 2008, European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts, Shinfield Park, Reading, Berkshsire, UK
Thunder & lightning : weather past, present, future
Weather
Weather : how it works and why it matters
Report of the Tenth EWGLAM Meeting : Helsinki, Finland, 11-14 October 1988.
Socially shared regulation of motivation and emotions in collaborative learning
World weather records 1951-60. Vol. 4, Asia
Young children’s success in learning situations:actions, views and appraisals in learning contexts
Effect of climatic factors on tree-ring width of Populus hybrids in Latvia
Mariner's weather handbook
Dynamics of macroalgal vegetation in the northern Baltic Sea : evaluating the effects of weather and eutrophication
The weather book : why it happens and where it comes from
The Macmillan encyclopedia of weather
Towards the use of radar winds in numerical weather prediction
Underwater deployment method using a hull gateway
Meteorology at Sea
Observations of solar wind related climate effects in the Northern Hemisphere winter
Reeds maritime meteorology
Campbell's weather compendium
Triple-PRT signal processing for weather radars
Frost flower chemical signature in winter snow on Vestfonna ice cap, Nordaustlandet, Svalbard
Meteorological conditions : Hornsund, Spitsbergen 2001/2002
My friend the Weather Monster
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
Impact of the microstructure of precipitation and hydrometeors on multi-frequency radar observations
Proceedings of the ECMWF/GLASS Workshop on Land Surface Modelling and Data Assimilation and the Implications for Predictability : 9-12 November 2009, European Centre for Medium-Range Weather forecasts, Shinfield park, Reading, Berkshire, UK
Analysis of user trends and behavior in online and mobile weather and climate services
Developing of aircraft de-icing operations at helsinki airport
Effect of weather and climatological background on snow damage of forests in Southern Finland in November 1991.
The weather handbook
State of the art of space weather modelling and proposed ESA strategy
Meteorological conditions : Hornsund, Spitsbergen 2000/2001
See inside weather and climate
Under the Weather : us and the elements
Summary.
Relationships between climate and winter cereal grain quality in Finland and their potential for forecasting
26th International Conference on Radar Meteorology, 24-28 May 1993, Norman, OK
Extreme weather impact on transport systems
Fuel conditions and fire behavior characteristics of managed Picea abies and Pinus sylvestris forests in Finland
How the weather works
Climates, geoecology and agriculture in South China. 2
Forearm shaft fractures in children
Temporal and spatial occurrence of strong winds and large snow load amounts in Finland during 1961-2000
Characteristics of mesoscale precipitation bands in Southern Finland
Weather and climate
Integrated ground-based remote-sensing stations for atmospheric profiling : COST Action 720 - final report
Development, implementation and evaluation of an architecture for vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure networking
Numerical weather prediction
Instant weather forecasting : a 24-colour photograph guide to weather forecasting from the clouds, for use by farmers, fishermen, yachtsmen, golfers, holidaymakers, in fact anyone to whom the weather in the near future is of vital importance
Sea level changes on the Finnish coast and their relationship to atmospheric factors
The world's weather and climates
Tracing the process of self-regulated learning – students’ strategic activity in g/nStudy learning environment
Auroras now! : final report. Volume 1
Developing of aircraft de-icing operations at Helsinki airport
Predicting the yield of spring wheat by weather indices in Finland : implications for designing weather index insurances
What on Earth? : wind : explore, create and investigate!
Diet of the Osprey Pandion haliaetus in Finland
What are rainbows made of? : helping to explain how the weather works
This thesis studies the long-term relation between the solar wind driven energetic particle forcing into the atmosphere and the tropospheric circulation in the Northern Hemisphere winter. The work covers the period of more than one hundred years since the turn of the 20th century to present. The thesis makes a statistical analysis of satellite measurements of precipitating energetic electrons, sunspot number data and geomagnetic activity, and compares them with temperature and pressure measurements made at the Earth's surface.Recent results, both observational and from chemistry climate models, have indicated significant effects in the Earth's middle atmosphere due to the energetic electrons precipitating from the magnetosphere. These effects include the formation of reactive hydrogen and nitrogen oxides in the high latitude mesosphere and the depletion of ozone caused by them. Ozone is a radiatively active and important gas, which affects the thermal structure and dynamics of the middle atmosphere. Accordingly, the depletion of ozone can intensify the large scale stratospheric circulation pattern called the polar vortex. Winter weather conditions on the surface have been shown to be dependent on the polar vortex strength.This thesis shows that there is a significant relation between the average fluxes of medium energy (ten to hundred keVs) precipitating electrons and surface temperatures in parts of the Northern Hemisphere in winter time. Temperatures are positively correlated with electron fluxes in North Eurasia and negatively correlated in Greenland during the period 1980-2010 which is covered by direct satellite observations of precipitating particles. This difference is especially notable when major sudden stratospheric warmings and the quasi-biennial oscillation (QBO), which both are known to affect the polar vortex strength, are taken into account. When extended to the late 19th century, the analysis shows that a similar temperature pattern is predominated during the declining phase of the sunspot cycle. The high speed solar wind streams and energetic particle precipitation typically maximize also at the declining phase of the solar cycle. This specific temperature pattern is related to the variability of the northern annular mode (NAM), which is the most significant circulation pattern in the Northern Hemisphere winter. Before the space era, geomagnetic activity measured by ground observations can be used as a proxy for energetic particle precipitation. Earlier studies have found a significant positive correlation between geomagnetic activity and NAM since the 1960s. We find that, when the QBO measured at 30 hPa height is in the easterly phase, a positive correlation is extended to the beginning of 1900s. We also show that high geomagnetic activity causes a stronger effect in the Northern Hemisphere winter than high sunspot activity, especially in the Atlantic and Eurasia.A comprehensive knowledge of the Earth's climate system and all its drivers is crucial for the future projection of climate. Solar variability effects have been estimated to produce only a small factor to the global climate change. However, there is increasing evidence, including the results presented in this thesis, that the different forms of solar variability can have a substantial effect to regional and seasonal climate variability. With this new evidence, the solar wind related particle effects in the atmosphere are now gaining increasing attention. These effects will soon be included in the next coupled model inter comparison project (CMIP6) as an additional solar related climate effect. This emphasizes the relevance of this thesis.
Tell me why rain is wet
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Franklin and the thunderstorm
Air pollution in eastern Lapland : challenge for an environmental measurement station
The wrong kind of snow : how the weather made Britain
The Rough guide to weather
Estimates of past and future forest fire danger in Finland from a climatological viewpoint / : Hanna M. Mäkelä
The effects of supplementary feeding and weather factors on the breeding success of Osprey, Pandion haliaetus, in Finland
Attention all shipping : a journey round the shipping forecast
