http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6999 search engines
search engines
Building findable websites : web standards, SEO, and beyond
Search interfaces on the Web : querying and characterizing
The intelligent web : search, smart algorithms and big data
Search engine optimization methods & search engine indexing for CMS applications
Information retrieval : implementing and evaluating search engines
Get to the top on Google : tips and techiques to get your site to the top of the search engine rankings - and stay there
Web search : multidisciplinary perspectives
Novel music discovery concepts : user experience and design implications
International Workshop on Intelligent Information Access (IIIA-2006) : book of abstracts : July 6-8, 2006 Marina Congress Center, Helsinki, Finland
A good marketing video can grab customers' attention and maybe even boost your profits. Get the expertise of four video marketing pros, for maximum return on video investment, so you can create a buzz-worthy video and reach the right audience.
Is your organization rapidly accumulating more information than you know how to manage? This updated edition of Enterprise Search helps you create an enterprise search solution based on more than just technology. Author Martin White shows you how to plan and implement a managed search environment that meets the needs of your business and your employees. You'll learn why it’s absolutely vital to have a dedicated staff manage your search technology and support your users. New material for this second edition includes material on SharePoint 2013 search, managing open source search development, website search, designing the search user, and assessing search performance. Chapters now include a Further Reading section for computer science and information science students.
Archiving the web : European experiences
Your Google game plan for success : increasing your web presence with Google Adwords, Analytics and Website Optimizer
Internet search engines and online directories : a comparison of business models of Google and Fonecta
Learn the secrets that search engines like and move your Web site to the top! What good is a great-looking Web site if your target audience can't find it? Make the most of social networking, get cool sites to link to yours, track your progress, and more!
The extreme searcher's Internet handbook : a guide for the serious searcher
Testing of S60 search applicaton
Google Analytics
A quick and easy way online for SMEs: how to create a web shop
Infotech Oulu International Workshop on Information Retrieval [IR2001] : Oulu, Finland, September 19-21, 2001
Online! : a reference guide to using Internet sources : 2000 edition
Search engines on the web
Abstract: Implementation of an indexing application.
Content-centered method for search engine optimization
Swedish market entry strategy utilizing Internet marketing : the utilization of Internet marketing in a cost effective and efficient way to market a virtual world onto the Swedish market
Introduction to video search engines
Abstract:.
The invisible web : searching the hidden parts of the internet
Searching for a coherent copyright regime in a area of search engines
Search engine optimization as a marketing tool in the branding process of an online start-up company
Search Engine Optimization Case St.Lapland : Creating a Plan to Increase the Traffic Volume on the Website
Search engine advertising : buying your way to the top to increase sales
Re-engineering a website for Internet marketing purposes
Google analyticsTM
Linking - the human rights perspective
Power of Google : A study on online advertising exchange
Digital marketing : a practical approach
An introduction to search engines and Web navigation
Search analytics for your site : conversations with your customers
Google Apps : the missing manual
Google powered : productivity with online tools
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Lucene in action
Search engine optimization : your visual blueprintTM for effective Internet marketing
Search engine optimization : rank well in Google
Google Hacking for Penetration Testers
Content is king : writing and editing online
Microsoft Office 2007 for seniors for dummies
Improving the e-marketing performance of Best West Hotel Haaga
Handbook on E-marketing for tourism destinations
Google  your family tree : unlock the hidden power of Google
Local online advertising for dummies
This book will serve as a reference guide for anyone that is responsible for the collection of online content. It is written in a hands-on style that encourages the reader to execute the tutorials as they go. The search techniques offered will inspire analysts to "think outside the box" when scouring the internet for personal information.   Much of the content of this book has never been discussed in any publication. Always thinking like a hacker, the author has identified new ways to use various technologies for an unintended purpose. This book will improve anyone's online investigative skills. Among other techniques, you will learn how to locate:  Hidden Social Network Content, Cell Phone Owner Information, Twitter GPS & Account Data, Hidden Photo GPS & Metadata, Deleted Websites & Posts, Website Owner Information, Alias Social Network Profiles, Additional User Accounts, Sensitive Documents & Photos, Live Streaming Social Content, IP Addresses of Users, Newspaper Archives & Scans, Social Content by Location, Private Email Addresses, Historical Satellite Imagery, Duplicate Copies of Photos, Local Personal Radio Frequencies, Compromised Email Information, Wireless Routers by Location, Hidden Mapping Applications, Complete Facebook Data, Free Investigative Software, Alternative Search Engines, Stolen Items for Sale, Unlisted Addresses, Unlisted Phone Numbers.
Planning website in english and improving its visibility with SEO
An introduction to internet marketing and planning
Google and other search engines
Less is more - the paradox of choice in search-engine use
Modeling a Route Selection in the Virtual World
Web crawler and information management
Search and paper SKU analysis of recipes meeting EUPS standard
The Extreme Searcher's Internet Handbook : A Guide for the Serious Searcher
NaturGate®, concept mapping and CmapTools : creating global networks of servers improved learning about, in and for nature, ecosystems, biodiversity, and sustainable development
Agent-based computational modelling : applications in demography, social, economic and environmental sciences
Search patterns
Open source intelligence techniques : resources for searching and analyzing online information
Search engines : information retrieval in practice
Video marketing for dummies
Enhancing web search result access with automatic categorization
Impact and return on investment of online marketing strategies for small and medium enterprises
Google secrets : do what you never thought possible with Google
Analysis of visually impaired people using web search engines
Improve Search Engine Optimization
Provides information on building websites that reach their target audience.
Entrepreneur magazine's ultimate guide to Google AdWords : how to access 100 million people in 10 minutes
Attracting and retaining customers in the internet
Web site analysis and reporting
The impact of social media on travel information search : the case of hospitality search in Finland and Greece
Digital detectives : solving information dilemmas in an online world
Ultimate guide to Google AdWords : how to access 100 million people in 10 minutes
Everything I know about marketing I learned from Google
The advanced internet searcher's handbook
Going beyond Google again : strategies for using and teaching the Invisible Web
Interacting with intelligent agents : key issues in agent-based decision support system design
The online world is a continuously progressing and changing environment. Businesses all over the world are becoming more and more digitally oriented and over billion people in the world use the internet for various purposes every day. Organizations especially in the hospitality industry must apply effective e-marketing tools, in order to stand out from the vast amount of competitors in the market. Innovations are made in a rapid pace and this is the reason why, e-marketers should update themselves continuously to keep up with the latest trends, innovations, new technologies and customer behavior changes. This thesis was written for a multifunctional convention hotel called Best Western Hotel Haaga. The idea for this thesis was born from the fact that the hotel has a low level of visibility and positioning in the internet and the website of the hotel does not appear attractive enough. The aim was to suggest and provide new ideas to the hotel on how to improve its current e-marketing performance; to suggest those channels and methods that could lead to increase Hotel Haaga's visibility and positioning online, grow in customer base, to enhance brand awareness and communication between the organization and its target audiences. Background information to the topic was essential to overview, since e-marketing for a hotel includes a variety of issues to be considered. The data for this thesis was gathered through e-mail interviews with the marketing manager of the hotel, from the existing marketing plan of the hotel, books, and online sources. The writing process began in May 2011 and was finished in November 2011. The results of the study show that the internet offers nearly a limitless amount of opportunities for a potential marketing mix of a company, however, challenges and risks exist and the marketers must be aware of them, - before positive results can be obtained. It is suggested that for improving Hotel Haaga's e-marketing performance in the future, the hotel should re-evaluate the importance of the current e-marketing methods, redesign the homepage and its content, communicate intensively with the target audiences and invest on strategies such as: search engine optimization, pay per click, communication through social media, online branding, e-CRM and evaluation tools. Also building up an independent e-marketing plan to support the implementation of the strategies would help the hotel to achieve its e-marketing objectives. Thus, for improving efficiently the e-marketing performance of Hotel Haaga, the hotel should plan its e-marketing strategies carefully, communicate with the target audiences intensively, implement the tools effectively, and measure and improve them continuously.
IMS Business Solutions
Search interfaces on the web : querying and characterizing
Web marketing : all-in-one for dummies
Studying user strategies and characteristics for developing web search interfaces
An analytical research into UPM's information architechture and user online behaviour to facilitate the development of UPM's findability service
Search engine pptimization : all-in-one
The purpose of this thesis is to reveal the successful secret of Google. To describe this secret by using the coined word " Googlelization"; the word "Googlelizaion" was coined by me about 5 years ago, but at that time it was merely a funny concept to illustrate what the world will be in a foreseeable future. In order to visualize the concept of Googlelization, uniqueness, brand effect and "never turn idea into ideology" are the key terms to illustrate Googlelizaion, and how Googlelization obtain the amazing profitability. It is effortlessly to find brand effect in our business environment. Like Nokia is pragmatic and Burberry is noble etc... Uniqueness is more advanced, rarely to appear in business environment, because it is difficult to create something that competitors would not do it. The last one is "never turn idea into ideology". This is a philosophy concluded by my observation. In a certain extent, it could be one kind of uniqueness of Google. Nevertheless, uniqueness could be some kinds of ideology, so it is better to divide into 2 factors of successful measurement. Those 3 assessments are mere the factors and facilitators to seek the ultimate profit. Therefore, profitability is the ultimate metric to measure how successful Google is.
There are companies that create waves and those that ride or are drowned by them. As only he can, best selling author Ken Auletta takes readers for a ride on the Google wave, telling the story of how it formed and crashed into traditional media businesses, from newspapers and books to television, movies, and telephones. With unprecedented access to Google's founders and executives, Auletta reveals how the industry is being disrupted and redefined.
The findability formula : the easy, non-technical approach to search engine marketing
Extending the functionality of Web search engines
Google search secrets
50 ways to make Google love your website
A practical manual on how to do digital marketing from the ground up. The second edition of Digital Marketing by Alan Charlesworth offers a great overview of the latest trends and opportunities offered. Essential topics such as search engines, social media and their integration with marketing communications are outlined in an accessible way and offer a great starting point for anyone who has no background in digital marketing. A pragmatic book that identifies and discusses the key concerns of digital marketers. Its commentary is grounded with references to real life examples.
The tao of open source intelligence
The successful secret of Google : Googlelization
Innovations in information retrieval : perspectives for theory and practice
Searching skills toolkit : finding the evidence
Googlepedia : the ultimate Google resource
Search engine optimization all-in-one for dummies
The Google story
Google power search
Planet Google : how one company is transforming our lives
Search Engine Marketing, Inc : driving search traffic to your company's Web site
Google semantic search : search engine optimization (SEO) techniques that get your company more traffic, increase brand impact and amplify your online presence
How to find out anything : from extreme Google searches to scouring government
The extreme searcher's internet hadbook  : a guide for the serious searcher
Search engine optimization : case company IMS Business Solutions Oy
Inference of relevance for proactive information retrieval
Principles of social media monitoring and analysis software
Search engine optimization and advertising in social media : case: Total Sec
Expert searching in the Google age
Abstract: This project was made for a company that provides a networking website for people who are interested in music. The objective of this project was to develop an application which collects and stores data from two distinct websites namely, http://www.muusikoiden.net and http://www.imperiumi.net. Both websites contain rich information about artists and their gig schedule, which was the main interest of the company. Another goal was to compile one data table that contains all the information which was gathered from the above mentioned sites. The application was developed using a web crawler integrated with Document Object Model Interface, which enables different programming languages to access any websites by representing the components in a more structured form. This crawler was made to iterate for every page in the websites. After parsing, the stored data was analyzed by the application to detect if there were any name prefixes, and remove those prefixes on every occurrence. Finally, a complete table with all the required information was build. Web crawler is a powerful programming application which can help for locating and accessing information from any web documents. And by combining the information it is possible to innovate or make useful analysis.
Website visibility : the theory and practice of improving rankings
Enterprise search : enhancing business performance
Search engine marketing as a marketing tool
Search engine optimization for dummies
The Internet as a marketing medium : An introduction to Search Engine Optimization
Swedish market entry strategy utilizing Internet marketing: the utilization of Internet marketing in a cost effective and efficient way to market a virtual world
Internet power searching : the advanced manual
A competitive solution to paid search services with fair, free and open source technologies
VAMK.HELP WEB APPLICATION BASED ON FLASK FRAMEWORK AND WEB CRAWLER
Search Engine Optimization for Flash
Googled : the end of the world as we know it
The digital challenge for libraries : understanding the culture and technology of total information
Increase your web traffic in a weekend
Web communities : analysis and construction
Website optimization
Search engine optimization : an hour a day
Improving long-term awareness through Internet marketing
Web design and marketing solutions for business websites
Inbound marketing and SEO : insights from the Moz Blog
Promotional tools of Internet : a starting point for energizing Finnish golfers to create traffic
Implementation of an indexing application
Advertisers' perspective on search engine advertising and optimization
The art of SEO
Internet search engines' collecting and processing of web pages : from the perspective of copyright law
Google hacks
A survival guide to social media and web 2.0 optimization: strategies, tactics, and tools for succeeding in the social web
Is your organization rapidly accumulating more information than you know how to manage? This updated edition of Enterprise Search helps you create an enterprise search solution based on more than just technology. Author Martin White shows you how to plan and implement a managed search environment that meets the needs of your business and your employees. You'll learn why it's absolutely vital to have a dedicated staff manage your search technology and support your users. New material for this second edition includes material on SharePoint 2013 search, managing open source search development, website search, designing the search user, and assessing search performance. Chapters now include a Further Reading section for computer science and information science students.
Professional search engine optimization with PHP : a developer's guide to SEO
SEO made simple : strategies for dominating the world`s largest search engine
