http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p699 refraction
refraction
Birefringent thin films and polarizing elements
Nicole Oresme's De visione stellarum (On seeing the stars) : a critical edition of Oresme's treatise on optics and atmospheric refraction
Abstract.
On the observation by d'Alembert in the treatment on Newton's refraction law by Klingenstjerna : thesis by A. N. Clewberg from 1772 at Åbo Academy
On the observation by d'Alembert in the treatment on Newton's refraction law by Klingenstjerna : thesis by A. N. Clewberg from 1772 at Åbo Academy = [Dissertatio gradualis, de observationibus d'Alemberti in disquisitionem Newtonianae legis refractionis Klingenstjernianam]
How to cheat in 3ds Max 2011: get spectacular results fast
Acoustooptic devices and their applications
The expression of HLA-B27 modulates intracellular signaling in human monocytic macrophages
The basics of crystallography and diffraction
Introduction to geometrical optics
Protein conformational dynamics
Diffractive wavefront modulation by microstructured optical media
"The aim of this book volume is to explain the importance of Markov state models to molecular simulation, how they work, and how they can be applied to a range of problems. The Markov state model (MSM) approach aims to address two key challenges of molecular simulation: -How to reach long timescales using short simulations of detailed molecular models -How to systematically gain insight from the resulting sea of data. MSMs do this by providing a compact representation of the vast conformational space available to biomolecules by decomposing it into states - sets of rapidly interconverting conformations - and the rates of transitioning between states. This kinetic definition allows one to easily vary the temporal and spatial resolution of an MSM from high-resolution models capable of quantitative agreement with (or prediction of) experiment to low-resolution models that facilitate understanding. Additionally, MSMs facilitate the calculation of quantities that are difficult to obtain from more direct MD analyses, such as the ensemble of transition pathways. This book introduces the mathematical foundations of Markov models, how they can be used to analyze simulations and drive efficient simulations, and some of the insights these models have yielded in a variety of applications of molecular simulation." -- (Back Cover)
Lysyl hydroxylases 1 and 2 : characterization of their in vivo roles in mouse and the molecular level consequences of the lysyl hydroxylase 2 mutations found in Bruck syndrome
Folding of the ribosomal protein S6 : the role of sequence connectivity, overlapping foldons, and parallell pathways
The Battle of Adwa : African victory in the age of empire
Light scattering from microstructures : lectures of the summer school of Laredo, University of Cantabria, held at Laredo, Spain, Sept. 11-13, 1998
Optical scattering : measurement and analysis
Applied prismatic and reflective optics
Characterisation of properties of coniferous wood tracheids by x-ray diffraction, laser scattering and microscopy
"This book discusses how biological molecules exert their function and regulate biological processes, with a clear focus on how conformational dynamics of proteins are critical in this respect. In the last decade, the advancements in computational biology, nuclear magnetic resonance including paramagnetic relaxation enhancement, and fluorescence-based ensemble/single-molecule techniques have shown that biological molecules (proteins, DNAs and RNAs) fluctuate under equilibrium conditions. The conformational and energetic spaces that these fluctuations explore likely contain active conformations that are critical for their function. More interestingly, these fluctuations can respond actively to external cues, which introduces layers of tight regulation on the biological processes that they dictate. A growing number of studies have suggested that conformational dynamics of proteins govern their role in regulating biological functions, examples of this regulation can be found in signal transduction, molecular recognition, apoptosis, protein / ion / other molecules translocation and gene expression. On the experimental side, the technical advances have offered deep insights into the conformational motions of a number of proteins. These studies greatly enrich our knowledge of the interplay between structure and function. On the theoretical side, novel approaches and detailed computational simulations have provided powerful tools in the study of enzyme catalysis, protein / drug design, protein / ion / other molecule translocation and protein folding/aggregation, to name but a few. This work contains detailed information, not only on the conformational motions of biological systems, but also on the potential governing forces of conformational dynamics (transient interactions, chemical and physical origins, thermodynamic properties). New developments in computational simulations will greatly enhance our understanding of how these molecules function in various biological events." -- (Back Cover)
The retinoscopy book : an introductory manual for eye care professionals
Multiple scattering of light by particles : radiative transfer and coherent backscattering
Protein dimerization and oligomerization in biology
An introduction to the theory of diffraction
An Introduction to Markov State Models and Their Application to Long Timescale Molecular Simulation
Numerical simulation of optical wave propagation with examples in MATLAB
"This volume has a strong focus on homo-oligomerization, which is surprisingly common. However, protein function is so often linked to both homo- and hetero-oligomerization and many heterologous interactions likely evolved from homologous interaction, so this volume also covers many aspects of hetero-oligomerization".
