http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p6991 Christians
Christians
My father was a gangster : the Jim Vaus story
Try dying : a novel
Toward the end of the fifteenth century, Spanish Christians near the border of Castile and Muslim-ruled Granada held complex views about religious tolerance. People living in frontier cities bore much of the cost of war against Granada and faced the greatest risk of retaliation, but had to reconcile an ideology of holy war with the genuine admiration many felt for individual members of other religious groups. After a century of near-continuous truces, a series of political transformations in Castile - including those brought about by the civil wars of Enrique IV's reign, the final war with Granada, and Fernando and Isabel's efforts to reestablish royal authority - incited a broad reaction against religious minorities. As Thomas Devaney shows, this active hostility was triggered by public spectacles that emphasized the foreignness of Muslims, Jews, and recent converts to Christianity. Enemies in the Plaza traces the changing attitudes toward religious minorities as manifested in public spectacles ranging from knightly tournaments, to religious processions, to popular festivals. Drawing on contemporary chronicles and municipal records as well as literary and architectural evidence, Devaney explores how public pageantry originally served to dissipate the anxieties fostered by the give-and-take of frontier culture and how this tradition of pageantry ultimately contributed to the rejection of these compromises. Through vivid depictions of frontier personalities, cities, and performances, Enemies in the Plaza provides an account of how public spectacle served to negotiate and articulate the boundaries between communities as well as to help Castilian nobles transform the frontier's religious ambivalence into holy war.
Perceptions of Islam in the Christendoms : a historical survey
The Dhimmi : Jews and Christians under Islam
Egypt on the brink : from Nasser to Mubarak
Birds without wings
Christians in Persia : Assyrians, Armenians, Roman Catholics and Protestants
Keeping the faith : Syriac Christian diasporas
On the church : select letters
Writing Indians : literacy, Christianity, and native community in early America
Islamic and Christian Spain in the early Middle Ages
Defender of Rome
A comparative calendar of the Iranian, Muslim Lunar, and Christian eras for three thousand years : (1260 B.H.-2000 A.H./639 B.C.-2621 A.D)
Christian responsibility and communicative freedom  : a challenge for the future of pluralistic societies / Wolfgang Huber
Making and breaking the gods : Christian responses to pagan sculpture in Late Antiquity
History of martyrs in Palestine, by Eusebius, bishop of Caesarea
Brethren
The religion
The essays collected in Christians Shaping Identity celebrate Pauline Allen's significant contribution to early Christian, late antique, and Byzantine studies, especially concerning bishops, heresy/orthodoxy and christology. Covering the period from earliest Christianity to middle Byzantium, the first eighteen essays explore the varied ways in which Christians constructed their own identity and that of the society around them. A final four essays explore the same theme within Roman Catholicism and oriental Christianity in the late 19th to 21st centuries, with particular attention to the subtle relationships between the shaping of the early Christian past and the moulding of Christian identity today. Among the many leading scholars represented are Averil Cameron and Elizabeth A. Clark.
Writing a christianized history of the Mongols : The Mongols in Syriac texts in late 13th and early 14th centuries
Postmissionary Messianic Judaism : redefining Christian engagement with the Jewish people
The educational system in Islam and Christianity : proceedings of the Muslim-Christian Consultation
The great extirpation of hellenism and christianity in Asia minor : the historic and systematic deception of world opinion concerning the hideous christianity's uprooting of 1922
The victors and the vanquished : Christians and Muslims of Catalonia and Aragon, 1050-1300
Voices from Jerusalem : Jews and Christians reflect on the Holy Land
Green crescent over Nazareth : the displacement of Christians by Muslims in the Holy Land
Natural saints : how people of faith are working to save God's Earth
Season's greetings: a special issue for immigrants
At La Capilla de Santa Maria, parishioners weatherized their church in an effort to decrease the utility bills that took up a fifth of the annual budget. At Jubilee Community Church, parents and the education coordinator revised the Sunday School curriculum to integrate care of creation for all age levels. And at All People's Church in Milwaukee, the sanctuary became a free farmer's market on Sundays with produce grown by youth. Natural Saints shares the stories and strategies of contemporary church leaders, parishioners, and religious environmentalists working to define a new environmental movement, where justice as a priority for the church means a clean and safe environment for all. Mallory McDuff shows that a focus on God's earth is transforming both people and congregations, creating more relevant and powerful ministries. As a result, people of faith are forming a new environmental movement with a moral mandate to care for God's earth. McDuff highlights eight key ministries: protecting human dignity, feeding the hungry, creating sacred spaces, responding to natural disasters, promoting justice, making a pilgrimage, educating youth, and bearing witness. With two daughters in tow, she traveled across the country to document environmental actions grounded in faith. This journey transformed the author's own faith and hope for a sustainable future. Congregations and individuals seeking to integrate care of creation into their faith community will find inspiration and concrete advice in the lives of these natural saints. Review: "Mallory McDuff provides a narrative on the church's role with environmental issues that is rich with stories and contextual detail. This book is a must read for anyone interested in how churches are working to protect God's Creation." --Cassandra Carmichael, Director of Washington Office and Eco-Justice Programs, National Council of Churches "In her stories about cob ovens, toxic tours, mountaintop removal, and eco-Shabbat prayer, Mallory McDuff gives voice to grassroots individuals and movements that address hard questions of race, poverty, hunger and economics in 21st century America. She challenges religious communities to be 'partners for justice' not mere 'givers of charity.' We should all take notice." --Bill J. Leonard, Professor of Church History, the Divinity School, Wake Forest University "The action needed to protect the environment and provide a sustainable future will not happen without the moral voice that religion brings to the dialogue. McDuff brings those actions motivated by Christian values together with crucial environmental needs, demonstrating that merging the two will result in justice and reconciliation. This is an important book for understanding the role that religion will and must play in healing this wounded Creation." --The Reverend Sally G. Bingham, President, The Regeneration Project, Interfaith Power and Light Campaign "This plain-spoken book is both unsettling and hope-inspiring, as it surveys works of destruction and of healing across our land. McDuff offers detailed yet clear analyses of what motivates individuals, congregations, and organizations, and what makes their ministries effective. The breadth of coverage here gives readers the opportunity to widen their concerns and perhaps to find their own calling to work for the healing of the earth and of local communities." --Ellen F. Davis, author of Scripture, Culture, and Agriculture: An Agrarian Reading of the Bible"Every now a
China and Christianity : burdened past, hopeful future
According to one study, 200 million Christians, or ten per cent of the global total, are socially disadvantaged, harassed or actively oppressed. In the large area between Morocco and Pakistan, there is scarcely a country in which church life operates without restrictions, and there is now a serious risk that Christianity will disappear from its biblical heartlands. This persecution has received only limited coverage in Western news media, owing to what the author of this study calls 'the questionable hierarchy of victimhood'. This is regrettable and should be questioned, even by those who hold no religious faith, since religious freedom is the canary in the mine for human rights generally. Rupert Shortt, Religion Editor of the Times Literary Supplement and a Visiting Fellow of Blackfriars Hall, Oxford, looks at examples of Christianophobia from Egypt, Iraq, Pakistan, Nigeria, India, Burma and China. He ends with St Augustine's observation that hope 'has two beautiful daughters: their names are anger and courage. Anger that things are the way they are. Courage to make them the way they ought to be.'
Yarns on social pioneers
Allies for Armageddon : the rise of Christian Zionism
Radicals and the future of the church
Christian Arabic of Baghdad
Jews and Christians: rivals or partners for the kingdom of God? : in search of an alternative for the theology of substitution
Power for action : an introduction to christian ethics
On the church : select treatises
Reckless rites : Purim and the legacy of Jewish violence
Christianities in Asia
The Christian heritage in the Holy Land
Post-Roman transitions : Christian and Barbarian identities in the early medieval West
The Christian witness at the crossroads in the Middle East
Christian responses to the Holocaust : moral and ethical issues
Leaving the Jewish fold : conversion and radical assimilation in modern Jewish history
The hand of Fatima
Christians in contemporary Russia
Muslims and Christians in Norman Sicily : Arabic speakers and the end of Islam
"This book contains a collection of papers that focuses on the way patrons, pagan as well as Christian, conveyed messages through material and visual culture and on the reception by the viewers. The contributions investigate how patrons of luxurious buildings, elaborate grave monuments, and churches used architecture, images, and inscriptions to demonstrate political, social, and religious power. The visual arts were a strong factor in communicating identity and attitudes both in the public and private spheres also in Late Antiquity"--P. [4] of cover.
The dark side of love
Music & worship in pagan & Christian antiquity
A shared world : Christians and Muslims in the early modern Mediterranean
The Jewish-Christian debate in the high Middle Ages : a critical edition of the Nizzahon Vetus
Framing cosmologies : the anthropology of worlds
In her preface, Lucass notes that "although such well-known names as Novak and Neusner have consistently been engaged in dialogue, producing various works on the subject, neither of them deals directly with christology. As a result, to my mind, they leave untouched and therefore unanswered the central stumbling block of all Jewish-Christian dialogue: Was Jesus the Messiah? Whilst the ultimate answer to that must be a question of faith, what I have attempted to demonstrate here is simply that he could have been. That is he could have been the expected Messiah of Judaism, one that fits fully into the Jewish expectations of that period, and not the product of Paul's Hellenistic Judaism mixed with elements of the mystery religions, nor a product of the Church's later theologizing. Neither is it my belief that this understanding of the Messiah was 'subsequently transformed as Christianity spread in the Gentile world' (Adela Yarbro Collins and John J. Collins, King and Messiah as Son of God, Grand Rapids: Erdsmans, 2008); rather, I would argue that all that the New Testament writers say about Jesus can be rooted in antecedent Jewish tradition which pre-dates the arrival of Jesus".
Faster for the master! : exploring issues of religious expression and alternative Christian identity within the Finnish Christian metal music scene
The throne of Adulis : Red Sea wars on the eve of Islam
The biblical world. Vol. 1
Jerusalem : one city, three faiths
The Christian-Jewish encounter liturgical considerations
Reading the Bible today in the land of Bible : pastoral letter
A narrative introduction : christianity in the Greco-Roman world
The Christian communities of Palestine from Byzantine to Islamic rule : a historical and archaeological study
A grammar of Christian Arabic : based mainly on South-Palestinian texts from the first millenium. Fasc. 1, 1-169 introduction, ortography & phonetics, morphology
Muslims and Crusaders : Christianity's Wars in the Middle East, 1095-1382, from the Islamic Sources
Scripture and ecumenism : Protestant, Catholic, Orthodox and Jewish
The case for God : what religion really means
Israeli peace - Palestinian justice : liberation theology and the peace process
Jerusalem : what makes for peace! : a Palestinian Christian contribution to peacemaking
The Pauline church and the Corinthian Ekklēsia : Greco-Roman associations in comparative context
Against the tide : love in a time of petty dreams and persisting enmities
Non-religious Christians
The Indian family in transition : a case study of Kerala Syrian Christians
Into the free : a novel
Enemies in the plaza : urban spectacle and the end of Spanish frontier culture, 1460-1492
The Coptic question in the Mubarak era
Jews and Christians in thirteenth-century France
Crusading and pilgrimage in the Norman world
Your Father the devil : a new approach to John and "the Jews"
Clash of empires : the great siege
Short-term mission : an ethnography of Christian travel narrative and experience
Esperanto : the new Latin for the church and ecumenism
Report of the Theological Committee 19th August 1931 : the Theology of Grace
The hyphenated phrase 'in-visibility' indicates that the visible and the invisible are inseparable and yet in tension with each other. If originating from acts of (in)visibilization, both the visible and the invisible are ethically imbued. Whether we see or overlook each other, respect or dismiss another's dignity, remember or forget a history of crimes against humanity, our (over)sight has an impact on our interaction. What, then, is implied in seeing the human being as created in the image of an invisible God, as imago Dei? Which (re)sources in Judaism and Christianity can counter idolatry in the sense of cognitive captivity and experiences of abandonment after the Shoah? In addressing such questions, this book outlines an ethics of in-visibility in an interdisciplinary dialogue between philosophy and theology, cultural history, art and media theory, sociology, literary and gender studies. Contributors: Christina von Braun, Iben Damgaard, Daniel Dayan, Arne Grøn, Hannes Langbein, Paul Mendes-Flohr, Melissa Raphael, N. Verbin, Alana M. Vincent, Claudia Welz, Christian Wiese, Elliot R. Wolfson.
Saving the Holy Sepulchre : how rival Christians came together to rescue their holiest shrine
Cross bones
Summaries
Ivan the Terrible
Disciples are made, not born : how to help others grow to maturity in Christ
"Muslims and Crusaders supplements and counterbalances the numerous books that tell the story of the crusading period from the European point of view, enabling readers to achieve a broader and more complete perspective on the period. It presents the Crusades from the perspective of those against whom they were waged, the Muslim peoples of the Levant. The book introduces the reader to the most significant issues that affected their responses to the European crusaders, and their descendants who would go on to live in the Latin Christian states that were created in the region. This book combines chronological narrative, discussion of important areas of scholarly enquiry and evidence from primary sources to give a well-rounded survey of the period. It considers not only the military meetings between Muslims and the Crusaders, but also the personal, political, diplomatic and trade interactions that took place between Muslims and Franks away from the battlefield. Through the use of a wide range of translated primary source documents, including chronicles, dynastic histories, religious and legal texts and poetry, the people of the time are able to speak to us in their own voices. "--
A nation of behavers
Creating Christian Granada : society & religious culture in an Old-World frontier city, 1492-1600
Mozarabs in medieval and early modern Spain : identities and influences
The Jewish people, the Holy Land, and the state of Israel : a Catholic view
Encyclopedia of modern Christian politics. Volume 1, A-K
The concept of the Messiah in the scriptures of Judaism and Christianity
Patrons and viewers in late antiquity
May one believe - in Russia? : violations of religious liberty in the Soviet Union
A moral reckoning : the role of the Catholic Church in the Holocaust and its unfulfilled duty of repair
Son of Hamas : a gripping account of terror, betrayal, political intrigue and unthinkable choices
Ethics of in-visibility : Imago Dei, memory, and human dignity in Jewish and Christian thought
The calligrapher's secret
Hidden heritage : the legacy of the Crypto-Jews
The ascents of James : history and theology of a Jewish-Christian community
The Dalit Christian : a history
The Security trap : arms race, militarism and disarmament : a concern for Christians
Messianism among Jews and Christians : twelve biblical and historical studies
The blood of martyrs : unintended consequences of ancient violence
Slandering the Jew : sexuality and difference in early Christian texts
A grammar of Christian Arabic : based mainly on South-Palestinian texts from the first millenium. Fasc. 2, 170-368 Syntax I
Honour and conflict in the ancient world : 1 Corinthians in its Greco-Roman social setting
Christianity and Judaism : papers read at the 1991 Summer Meeting and 1992 Winter Meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
Studies in contemporary social anthropology have noted the importance of male honour and how this is able to generate ideas of social identity within a community and to elucidate patterns of social behaviour. Finney examines the letter of 1 Corinthians, which presents a unique expos ǒf numerous aspects of social life in the first-century Greco-Roman world where honour was of central importance. At the same time, filotimia (the love and lust for honour) also had the capacity to generate an environment of competition, antagonism, factionalism, and conflict, all of which are clearly evident within the pages of 1 Corinthians. Finney seeks to examine the extent to which the social constraints of filotimia, and its potential for conflict, lay behind the many problems evident within the nascent Christ-movement at Corinth. Finney presents a fresh reading of the letter, and the thesis it proposes is that the honour-conflict model, hitherto overlooked in studies on 1 Corinthians, provides an appropriate and compelling framework within which to view the many disparate aspects of the letter in their social context.
The Messiahship of Jesus : are Jews changing their attitude toward Jesus?
Death of a monk
Rome : the coming of the king
The Soviet saints
Love does : discover a secretly incredible life in an ordinary world
World Conference of Christian Youth : : List of Delegates
Religion and diet in a multi-religious city : a comprehesive study regarding interreligious relations in Tbilisi in everyday life and on feast days
For 2000 years Judaism and Christianity have been at odds with one another. The problem at the heart of the division is the concept of messiah. Shirley Lucass looks directly at the concept of messiah from an historical perspective and examines its roots in ancient Jewish literature, and its development within the Christian tradition, aiming not only to trace the biblical and extra-biblical developments of the concept, but to outline a platform for religious dialogue. Lucass begins with a survey of methodological approaches, and then moves on to consider the origins of the messiah concept in ancient near eastern kingship, the 'anointed' in the Second Temple period and the messiah as outlined in the New Testament and in post 70 CE Messianism. Lucass contends that the New Testament concept of messiah is not inconsistent with, nor incompatible with the Jewish antecedent traditions, and it is this conclusion which enables her to present a valuable chapter on the implications of this study for inter-religious dialogue. Lucass does much to clear the path by refuting Supersessionism, highlighting that more is held in common than in difference and calling for an approach that Jews and Christians come together as God's people in constructive dialogue.
Sailing through troubled waters : Christianity in the Middle East
Hakkâri massacres : an anthology of documents related to massacres and deportation of Assyrians in northern Mesopotamia : ethnic cleansing by Turkey 1924-25
Blood brothers
Boxers
The Jewish Christians of the early centuries of Christianity according to a new source
Japan's hidden Christians 1549-1999. Volume 2, Secret Christianity in Japan 1640-1999
The Christians as the Romans saw them
The emperor waltz
The politics of small things : the power of the powerless in dark times
Paul among jews and gentiles : and other essays
Political Islam, citizenship, and minorities : the future of Arab Christians in the Islamic Middle East
Takes the reader from the very first generation of Christians in Rome, a tiny group of Jews who acknowledged Jesus as the Messiah, down to the point when Christianity had triumphed over savage persecution and was on the verge of becoming the religion of the Roman Empire.
Christianophobia
The forgotten faithful : the Christians of the Holy Land
Christians as peace makers : peace movements in Europe and the USA
Jews and Christians in dialogue II : identity, tolerance, understanding
Christians in the twenty-first century
The foot of pride : the pressure of Christendom on the people of Israel for 1900 years
Palestinian Christians in Israel : state attitudes towards non-Muslims in a Jewish state
Between a man and a woman? : why conservatives oppose same-sex marriage
Empire and elites after the Muslim conquest : the transformation of northern Mesopotamia
Faith and the intifada : Palestinian Christian voices
The Oxford dictionary of saints
Christian mission to Muslims : the record : Anglican and Reformed approaches in India and the Near East, 1800-1938
Saints, goddesses and kings : Muslims and Christians in South Indian society 1700-1900
The presence of Muslims in Europe and the theological training of pastoral workers : Birmingham, 9-14 September 1991, final report
Households of God on China's soil
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
Motherland lost : the Egyptian and Coptic quest for modernity
Christians, Jews, and other worlds : patterns of conflict and accommodation : the Avery lectures in history
Travelling with Djinns
Holy war
70 great Christians : changing the world
Aslan in the Chronicles of Narnia as a representative of the Judeo-Christian God
Tolerance and coexistence in early modern Spain : old Christians and Moriscos in the Campo de Calatrava
A severe mercy
Christianity in ancient Rome : the first three centuries
They say we are infidels : on the run from ISIS with persecuted Christians in the Middle East
I am a Palestinian Christian
Gardens of water
Kinship, community, and self : essays in honor of David Warren Sabean
Chaverim Friends : orthodox Jews & evangelical Christians
The secrets of Jonathan Sperry
Jewish suffering : the interplay of medieval Christian and Jewish perspectives
Christian-Muslim relations in Ethiopia : a checkered past, a challenging future
Christians shaping identity from the Roman Empire to Byzantium : studies inspired by Pauline Allen
Arabic Christianity in the monasteries of ninth-century Palestine
The wisdom of Islam and the foolishness of Christianity : a christian response to nine objections to Christianity by muslim philosophers
Christian-Muslim dialogue : perspectives of four Lebanese thinkers
Christians and Jews in dispute : disputational literature and the rise of Anti-Judaism in the West (c. 1000-1150)
Elie Wiesel : a challenge to theology
"David Warren Sabean was a pioneer in the historical-anthropological study of kinship, community, and selfhood in early modern and modern Europe. His career has helped shape the discipline of history through his supervision of dozens of graduate students and his influence on countless other scholars. This book collects wide-ranging essays demonstrating the impact of Sabean's work has on scholars of diverse time periods and regions, all revolving around the prominent issues that have framed his career: kinship, community, and self. The significance of David Warren Sabean's scholarship is reflected in original research contributed by former students and essays written by his contemporaries, demonstrating Sabean's impact on the discipline of history"--Provided by publisher.
Moving past earlier descriptions of first-century Christ groups that were based on examining the New Testament in isolation from extant sources produced by analogous cult groups throughout Mediterranean antiquity, this book engages with underexplored epigraphic and papyrological records and situates the behaviour of Paul's Corinthian ekklēsia within broader patterns of behaviour practiced by Greco-Roman associations. Richard Last's comparative analysis generates highly original contributions to our understanding of the social history of the Jesus movement: he shows that the Corinthians were a small group who had no fixed meeting place, who depended on financial contributions from all ten members in order to survive, and who attracted recruits by offering social benefits such as crowns and office-holding that made other ancient cult groups successful. This volume provides a much-needed robust alternative to the traditional portrayal of Pauline Christ groups as ecclesiastically egalitarian, devoid of normative honorific practices, and free for the poor.
Birkat haMinim : Jews and Christians in conflict in the ancient world
Loving the poor, saving the rich : wealth, poverty, and early Christian formation
Human rights : a primer for Christians
A grammar of Christian Arabic : based mainly on South-Palestinian texts from the first millenium. Fasc. 3, 369-535 Syntax II
Acknowledgements -- Abbreviations -- List of Contributors --1 Introduction / Wendy Mayer and Geofrey D. Dunn -- The Roman Empire before Constantine -- 2 Jews, Gentiles, and Ethnic Identity in the Gospel of Matthew / David C. Sim -- 3 Die Herkunft der Christen in der Apologie des Aristides: Baustein zu einem Kommentar / Michael Lattke -- 4 What did Ancient Christians Say when they Cast out Demons? Inferences from Spells and Amulets / Theodore de Bruyn -- The Late Antique East -- 5 On Being a Christian in Late Antiquity: St Basil the Great between the Desert and the City / Andrew Louth -- 6 The Likeness to God and the Imitation of Christ: The Transformation of the Platonic Tradition in Gregory of Nyssa / Shigeki Tsuchihashi -- 7 Origen after the Origenist Controversy / Miyako Demura -- 8 Shaping the Sick Soul: Reshaping the Identity of John Chrysostom / Wendy Mayer -- The Late Antique West -- 9 Theory and Practice in Ambrose: De officiis and the Political Interventions of the Bishop of Milan / Mary Sheather -- 10 Jerome as Priest, Exegete, and 'Man of the Church' / Philip Rousseau -- 11 The Use of Comparison and Contrast in Shaping the Identity of a Desert Monk / Jacobus P.K. Kritzinger -- 12 Augustine's Scriptural Exegesis in De sermone Domini in monte and the Shaping of Christian Perfection / Naoki Kamimura -- 13 Shaping the Poor: The Philosophical Anthropology of Augustine in the Context of the Era of Crisis / Kazuhiko Demura -- 14 Innocent I on Heretics and Schismatics as Shaping Christian Identity / Geoffrey D. Dunn -- Byzantium -- Ariadne Augusta: Shaping the Identity of the Early Byzantine Empress / Brian Croke -- 16 Dream Interpretation and Christian Identity in Late Antique Rome and Byzantium / Bronwen Neil -- 17 Shaping Coptic Christian Identity: Severus and the Adoption in Egypt of the Cult of the Forty Martyrs / Youhanna Nessim Youssef -- 18 The Treatment of Ecumenical Councils in Byzantine Chronicles / Roger Scott -- 19 Flights of Fancy: Some Imaginary Debates in Late Antiquity / Averil Cameron -- Reading the Past, Shaping the Present -- 20 The Personal Identity of Jesus Christ: Alois Grillmeier's Contribution to its Conceptualisation / Michael Slusser -- 21 Christological Declarations with Oriental Churches / Theresia Hainthaler -- 22 'Historical Development' and Early Christianity: George Tyrrell's Modernist Adaptation and Critique / Elizabeth A. Clark -- 23 Male-Centred Christology and Female Cultic Incapability: Women's impedimentum sexus / Kari Elisabeth Børresen -- Index of Primary Sources -- General Index.
Ecology : a theological response
The biblical world. Vol. 2
