http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p70 school bullying
school bullying
Freaks ahoy!
When pudgy Linda is given the cruel name of Blubber by her classmates, Jill laughs along with everyone else. It's easier that way, right? It's not untill Jill becomes a victiom of bullying herself that she realizes how much hurts and how hard it can be to stand up for yourself -- cover.
Implementing the KiVa antibullying program : what does it take?
Countering bullying : initiatives by schools and local authorities
Bully : be a hero. Take a stand
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Bullying in secondary schools : what it looks like and how to manage it
Pearl Power is a feisty five-year-old who believes very strongly in girl and boy equality. Her first adventure sees her moving house and changing school whilst remaining clever, strong and kind. Upon meeting one boy who seems to think that boys are better than girls, she teaches him a lesson in girl power, as well as in kindness.
Aggression in the schools : bullies and whipping boys
The list
Preventing bullying and school violence
A devil and her love song. volume 8
Dudes, the school is haunted!
Hudson hates school
Don't call me Ishmael
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Bully bait
A community approach to bullying
Cyberbullying in the global playground : research from international perspectives
What is it that makes some children bully and some become victims? What can you do if despite your best efforts, a child keeps on taunting another? What steps can you take before communicating with parents and what will you say? The practice of bullying endures in all schools today. Despite the implementation of bullying policies, parents and staff can be equally perplexed: not really understanding what they have or haven't done to allow it to happen. Christine Macintyre explores this highly emotive topic, asking why as many as one in 12 school children are bullying victims, and will show in a highly practical way, what can be done to support the children and help staff improve their own practice. This book will provide help and guidance on: enhancing the self-esteem of the affected children, showing how new-found confidence will enable children to offset the effects of being bullied or indeed being a bully; how to tell parents their child is bullying or being bullied, and how to build up a meaningful and mutually supportive relationship with them; and, creating a learning environment that prevents the desire for children to bully. Based on case studies giving first hand accounts of real-life situations, and evaluations of strategies that have been tried and tested, this book suggests fresh and inspiring ways of tackling a problem faced by many practitioners today.
Cold calls
Cross-cultural comparisons of bullying among university students : perspectives from Argentina, Estonia, Finland and the United States
Bully : Be a hero. Take a stand
Homophobic bullying : research and theoretical perspectives
The Qwaser of stigmata. Volume 1 : Holy wars ignite
Anger & conflict management pocketbook
How to overcome bullying at school? : the adult survivors' perspective
Fat boy swim
Whispers in the graveyard
Victims of bullying
Dealing with bullying in schools : a training manual for teachers, parents and other professionals
Bullying : an international perspective
My secret bully
Getting the buggers to turn up
The risk of school rampage : assessing and preventing threats of school violence
Beyond bullying : researching student perspectives
Please stop laughing at me : bone woman's inspirational story
Bullying in schools
The circle
Mean Creek
Cyber bullying : a prevention curriculum for grades 3-5
Talk about bullying
Snakes and ladders
Cyberbullying for grades : a prevention curriculum for grades 6-12
Herobear and the Kid. volume 1 : The inheritance
Eleanor & Park
The lollipop shoes
The white giraffe
So many Everests
The traitor game
Eight keys
A devil and her love song. volume 3
School bullying, depression and offending behaviour later in life : an uppdated systematic review of longitudinal studies
Cyberbullying and cyberthreats : responding to the challenge of online social aggression, threats, and distress
Bullying : a practical guide to coping for schools
Do the roles of bully and victim remain stable from school to university? : theoretical considerations
Preventing violence in schools : a challenge to American democracy
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
4F for freaks
A devil and her love song. volume 9
Using psychology in the classroom
Towards Well-Being at School with Integrative Pedagogy
Here's looking at you
The third victim
Preventing lethal school violence
How schools counter bullying : policies and procedures in selected Australian schools
Cyber-bullying : issues and solutuions for the school, the classroom and the home
Why school antibullying programs don't work
School mobbing and emotional abuse : see it, stop it, prevent it, with dignity and respect
Helping children deal with bullying
The school of wellbeing : 12 extraordinary projects promoting children and young people's mental health and happiness
Burden of difference? : school welfare personnel's and parents' views on wellbeing of migrant children in Finland
Sugar and spice? : bullying in single-sex schools
A devil and her love song. volume 2
New boy
Ringleaders & sidekicks : how to help your son cope with classroom politics, bullying, girls and growing up
Cynical Orange. vol. 1
Whipping boy : the forty-year search for my twelve-year-old bully
Bullying : a handbook for educators and parents
A devil and her love song. volume 5
New perspectives on bullying
Madame Pamplemousse and the enchanted sweet shop
Never swipe a bully's bear
Victim without a face
Keywords in youth studies : tracing affects, movements, knowledges
Understanding and promoting mental health : A study of familial views
Abstract: Video: Bullying in primary school.
Binny in secret
Ishmael and the return of the Dugongs
Pearl power
Fifteen-year-old Michael and his friend Francis both feel betrayed when someone at their private school learns of Evgard, a secret fantasy world they created together, but when a sadistic bully becomes involved in Michael's plan for revenge, the boys and Evgard itself face grave danger.
The truth about Alice
Bully-victims : prevalence, psychosocial adjustment, and responsiveness to intervention
How to handle bullying and gangs
Odd girl out : how to help your daughter navigate the world of friendships, bullying and cliques - in the classroom and online
When ugly rumors and lies about Alice Franklin start after one of the guys she allegedly slept with at a party dies in a car accident, questions about truth arise in her small town.
Gender regulation, violence and social hierarchies in school : 'sluts', 'gays' and 'scrubs'
A devil and her love song. volume 7
Effectiveness of the KiVa antibullying program
Cynical Orange. vol. 2
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
"Can I stay in today Miss?" : improving the school playground : ideas and issues developed from work with Islington schools
Bullying
Student-, classroom-, and school-level risk factors for victimization
The priest of evil
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
A devil and her love song. volume 4
Rising above bullying : from despair to recovery
So many Everests : from cerebral palsy to casualty consultant
Bullying : contexts, consequences, and control
Bully-victims : prevalence, psychosocial adjustment, and responsiviness to intervention
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Same- and other-sex victimization : risk factors, consequences, and protection by peers
Bullies, cyberbullies and frenemies
A Finnish anti-bullying framework and its capability in a developing country
Bullying : a parent's guide
Parnership in education: Lebanese evolution of a Finnish educational model
School bullies`quest for power : implications for group dynamics and intervention
Prevention that works! : a guide for developing school-based drug and violence prevention programs
To see or not to see : recognition of victimization in Finnish schools
No room for bullies : lesson plans for grades 9-12
Jay McGraw's life strategies for dealing with bullies
A devil and her love song. volume 6
