http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7004 freedom of thought
freedom of thought
Justifying toleration : conceptual and historical perspectives
Libertarianism without inequality
A history of freedom of thought
The tyranny of silence : how one cartoon ignited a global debate on the future of free speech
Out of the frame : the struggle for academic freedom in Israel
Libraries, access and intellectual freedom : developing policies for public and academic libraries
This book traces the growth of philosophical justifications of toleration. The contributors discuss the grounds on which we may be required to be tolerant and the proper limits of toleration. They consider the historical and conceptual relation between toleration and scepticism and ask whether toleration is justified by considerations of autonomy or of prudence. The papers cover a range of perspectives on the subject, including Marxist and Socialist as well as liberal views. The editor's introduction prepares the ground by discussing the essential features of the subject and offers a lucid survey of the theories and arguments put forward in the book. The collection arises out of the Morrell Toleration Project at the University of York and all the papers were written as contributions to that project. The discussion will be of interest to specialists in philosophy, in political and social theory and in intellectual history.
Flatland : a romance of many dimensions
The thought remolding campaign of the Chinese Communist Party-state
The telling
Shakespeare's freedom
Academic freedom in an age of conformity : confronting the fear of knowledge
Academic freedom and the law : a comparative study
The forging of freedom of speech : essays on argumentation in congressional debates on the Bill of Rights and on the Sedition Act
White paper on religious freedom in North Korea 2015
Intellectual freedom manual
Rats in the sacristy
Ethics, information, and technology : readings
Privacy : a manifesto
Burning books and leveling libraries : extremist violence and cultural destruction
On libertarian science policy : does science need nurturing?
Dissent in the church
Free thought and official propaganda
Banned plays : censorship histories of 125 stage dramas
In its comprehensive analysis of a wide range of primary and secondary sources in both Chinese and Western languages, this authoritative work stands as the definitive study of the theory, implementation and legacy of the Chinese Communist Party's thought-remolding campaign. This decades-long campaign involved the extraction of confessions from millions of Chinese citizens suspected of heterodoxy or disobedience to party dictates, along with their subjection to various forms of "re-education" and indoctrination. Hu Ping's carefully structured overview provides a valuable insider's perspective, and supersedes the previous landmark study on this vastly interesting topic.
The right to refuse military orders
