http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7006 freedom of opinion
freedom of opinion
Freedom of speech abridged : cultural, legal and philosophical challenges
Diversity - an opportunity in working life : guide to promoting equality and preventing discrimination in the workplace
Fatwa : violence & discourtesy
Stalin and the scientists : a history of triumph and tragedy 1905-1953
Policing public opinion in the French Revolution : the culture of calumny and the problem of free speech
Mill on liberty
Hutchins goes global
Words will break cement : the passion of Pussy Riot
Courting the abyss : free speech and liberal tradition
Censoring the word
Principles of publicity and press freedom
Dissent in the church
This doctoral thesis focuses on children's participation in a Finnish reception centre. Using participatory action research (PAR) as the research methodology, the study engaged 12 unaccompanied asylum-seeking girls from Somalia, Angola and Democratic Republic of Congo to consider children's participation during the asylum process, and to explore the ways in which the girls' participation and wellbeing could be promoted.The research questions, which were formulated during the process in cooperation with the girls, were the following: How do the unaccompanied asylum-seeking girls view participation, its relevance and the possibilities for it during their asylum period? How does the liminality of their life situation promote or hinder their participation? How do the intersecting social categories affect their participation? Methodologically, the study focused on how PAR can be applied to promote children's participation in institutional care in a culturally and gender-sensitive way.The conceptual framework consists mainly of critical pedagogy and intersectionality. Critical pedagogy made the foundations for the PAR, whereas intersectionality helped to comprehend the liminality of the girls' life worlds. Both theoretical perspectives contributed to understanding and implementing the participatory paradigm.The findings show that the unaccompanied girls' experiences of participation cannot be explained only through the girls' vulnerability or their resilience, as they clearly belong to both categories and move within them. The participation, which was meaningful for the girls, reflected their fluid positions in relation to their gender, age and status as asylum seekers. Participation meant both the right to voice opinions and the possibility to choose silence, as well as the opportunity to include 'ordinary things' into their lives.
The power of the Internet in China : citizen activism online
Civil liberties in China
Popular music censorship in Africa
Out of the frame : the struggle for academic freedom in Israel
Fahrenheit 451 : a novel
Information war : American propaganda, free speech and opinion control since 9/11
Participation in and beyond liminalities : action research with unaccompanied asylum-seeking girls
You can't read this book : censorship in an age of freedom
Journalists and media accountability : an international study of news people in the digital age
Censorship moments : reading texts in the history of censorship and freedom of expression
Censorship in Islamic societies
Youth engaging with the world : media, communication and social change
In its comprehensive analysis of a wide range of primary and secondary sources in both Chinese and Western languages, this authoritative work stands as the definitive study of the theory, implementation and legacy of the Chinese Communist Party's thought-remolding campaign. This decades-long campaign involved the extraction of confessions from millions of Chinese citizens suspected of heterodoxy or disobedience to party dictates, along with their subjection to various forms of "re-education" and indoctrination. Hu Ping's carefully structured overview provides a valuable insider's perspective, and supersedes the previous landmark study on this vastly interesting topic.
The Europeanization of the world : on the origins of human rights and democracy
J. S. Mill['s] "On liberty" in focus
Journalism worthy of the name : a human rights perspective on freedom within the press
Free speech in its forgotten years
The thought remolding campaign of the Chinese Communist Party-state
Media accountability is back on the political agenda. Debates about the phone-hacking scandal at Rupert Murdoch's News of the World have shown that the need for free and responsible journalism is more pressing than ever. Opinions, however, differ on the measures that need to be taken. Do existing structures of media accountability - such as press councils, codes of ethics, and ombudspersons - suffice, or do we urgently need new instruments and initiatives in today's converging media world? These questions were tackled in an international survey of 1,800 journalists in twelve European and two Arab states conducted by the EU-funded research project, Media Accountability and Transparency in Europe (MediaAct). The results provide a solid empirical basis for the discussions taking place. This book advances research on media accountability and transparency, and also offers innovative perspectives for newsrooms, media policy-makers, and journalism educators. Its systematic comparative design makes it an unprecedented venture in international journalism studies.
Dissent in Eastern Europe
Authority in European book culture 1400-1600
The forging of freedom of speech : essays on argumentation in congressional debates on the Bill of Rights and on the Sedition Act
Palatines, liberty, and property : German Lutherans in colonial British America
Invisible influence : the hidden forces that shape behavior
Freedom of expression : a critical and comparative analysis
The freedom to be racist? : how the United States and Europe struggle to preserve freedom and combat racism
Intellectual freedom manual
Secure state, insecure people: Turkey's freedom of expression problem
Freedom of delusion : interdisciplinary views concerning freedom of belief and opinion meet the individual with psychosis
Democracy's prisoner : Eugene V. Debs, the great war, and the right to dissent
