http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7005 censorship
censorship
Censorship in theatre and cinema
The velvet prison : artists under state socialism
Whither video? : commercial commodity or public property
In cold fear : the Catcher in the rye censorship controversies and postwar American character
Policing public opinion in the French Revolution : the culture of calumny and the problem of free speech
Censorship libraries and the law
Censorship and free speech : some philosophical bearings
Index on censorship. Vol. 2, no. 4.
Censoring the word
Shoot the singer : music censorship today
Forbidden films : censorship histories of 125 motion pictures
Library wars : Love & war. 8
Snow White and other obscenities : sexual censorship and self-regulation of movies during Hollywood's Golden Age (1927-60)
Cinema, censorship and sexuality, 1909-1925
Oklahoma teen Neal Barton stands up for his favorite fantasy series, The Chronicles of Apathea Ravenchilde, when conservative Christians try to bully the town of Americus into banning it from the public library.
The tyranny of silence : how one cartoon ignited a global debate on the future of free speech
On clowns : the dictator and the artist
Censorship and interpretation : the conditions of writing and reading in early modern England
Mr. Lemoncello's library olympics
Censoring sexuality
Redacted : the archives of censorship in transwar Japan
Censoring an Iranian love story : a novel
Trust your children : voices against censorship in children's literature
A sixteenth-century Spanish bookstore : the inventory of Juan de Junta
Communications control : readings in the motives and structures of censorship
Library wars : Love & war. 2
Library wars : Love & war. 6
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
O Rus! : studia litteraria slavica in honorem Hugh McLean
Harmful and undesirable : book censorship in Nazi Germany
Censorship
Forbidden prayer : church censorship and devotional literature in Renaissance Italy
Literature and censorship
A long time burning : the history of literary censorship in England
Censorship of the movies : the social and political control of a mass medium
China's contested Internet
Banned in the U.S.A : a reference guide to book censorship in schools and public libraries
Schoolbook nation : conflicts over American history textbooks from the Civil War to the present
Dramatic publication in England, 1580-1640
Governed by opinion : politics, religion and the dynamics of communication in Stuart London 1637-1645
Regulation and Censorship of the Internet
A biographical dictionary of French censors, 1742-1789. 1, A-B
Television and Censorship
Regulation and censorship of the Internet
Proscribed Chinese writing = Zhongquo xiandai wenxuan
Censorship and the permissive society : British cinema and theatre 1955-1965
They shoot writers, don't they?
Censored : the news that didn't make the news - and why
Banned books, 387 B.C. to 1978 A.D
The Inquisitor in the hat shop : inquisition, forbidden books, and unbelief in early modern Venice
Cencorship and obscenity
Like every authoritarian regime in history, Nazi Germany tried to control intellectual freedom through book censorship. Between 1933 and 1945, Hitler's party orchestrated a massive campaign to take control of all forms of communication in the nation. Book burnings abounded-- in 1933 alone, there were 93 book burnings in 70 German cities. Indeed, Werner Schlegel, an official in the Ministry of Propaganda, called the book burnings "a symbol of the revolution." Bookstores, libraries, and universities were pillaged, while German authors were targeted by the regime. Yet surprisingly, Nazi book censorship has been largely overlooked by modern historians. In Harmful and Undesirable, Guenter Lewy analyzes the various strategies that the Nazis employed to enact censorship and the people, including Martin Bormann, Philipp Bouhler, Joseph Goebbels, and Alfred Rosenberg, who led the attack on intellectual life. The Propaganda Ministry played a leading role in the censorship campaign, supported by an array of organizations at both the local and state levels. Because of the many overlapping jurisdictions and organizations, censorship was disorderly and erratic. Beyond the implementation of censorship, Lewy also describes the plight of authors, publishers, and bookstores who clashed with the Nazi regime. Some authors were imprisoned, tortured, and even killed. Meanwhile others, such as Gottfried Benn, Gerhart Hauptmann, Ernst Jünger, Jochen Klepper, and Ernst Wiechert became controversial "inner emigrants" who chose to remain in Germany and criticize the Nazi regime through allegories and parables. Ultimately, Lewy paints a fascinating portrait of intellectual life under the Nazi dictatorship, revealing the fate of those who were caught in the wheels of censorship.
Library wars : Love & war. 11
Suspended license : censorship and the visual arts
Censorship 1917
On freedom of the press and cencorship
Library wars : Love & war. 7
National security and the D-Notice system
Americus
Censorhsip in Romania
Battle lines in the Chinese blogosphere : keyword control as a tactic in managing mass incidents
The rights of prisoners : the basic ACLU guide to prisoners' rights
Lost books : reconstructing the print world of pre-industrial Europe
Anatomy of censorship : why the censors have it wrong
Taboo tunes : a history of banned bands & censored songs
What do women want? : power sex bread & roses
A fence around the empire : Russian censorship of Western ideas under the tsars
Libraries, access and intellectual freedom : developing policies for public and academic libraries
Censorship in early modern Europe
The censorship of books
Netporn : DIY web culture and sexual politics
Civil liberties
Prudes on the prowl : fiction and obscenity in England, 1850 to the present day
Library wars : Love & war. 14
Literature suppressed on social grounds
Library wars : Love & war. 5
The invention of free press : writers and censorship in eigteenth century Europe
Voicing dissent in seventeenth-century Spain : Inquisition, social criticism and theology in the case of El Criticón
The censor, the editor, and the text : the Catholic Church and the shaping of the Jewish canon in the sixteenth century
Impounded : Dorothea Lange and the censored images of Japanese American internment
The Zhivago affair : the Kremlin, the CIA, and the battle over a forbidden book
Let in the light : censorhsip secrecy and democracy
Index on censorship. Vol. 4, no. 1.
Balzac and the little chinese seamstress
Freedom of the press : on censorship, self-censorship, and press ethics
Library wars : Love & war. 9
The most dangerous book : the battle for James Joyce's Ulysses
Banned films : movies, censors and the first amendment
Censorship & cultural regulation in the modern age
Blogistan : the internet and politics in Iran
Closing the shop : information cartels and Japan's mass media
The administration of aesthetics
The question of pornography : research findings and policy implications
The horror! The horror! : comic books the government didn't want you to read!
Reading places : literacy, democracy, and the public library in Cold War America
Classified! : a teachers guide to film and video censorship and classification
Library wars : Love & war. 13
The author's hand and the printer's mind
InfoWar in Cyberspace : researcher on the Net
Latin American media : guidance and censorship
Postal censorship in imperial Russia
Library wars : Love & war. 15
Press censorship in Elizabethan England
Censorship and exile
The encyclopedia of censorship
Shouting fire on crowded internet : examining the ethical arguments for Internet censorship: case Cleanfeed United Kingdom
Law and literature
China's information and communications technology revolution : social changes and state responses
Correspondence : Russian officialdom and the Finnish press
Information freedom and censorship : world report 1991
Monty Python, the case against irreverence, scurrility, profanity, vilification, and licentious abuse
Out of the frame : the struggle for academic freedom in Israel
Newspeak in the 21st century
Johannes Reuchlin and the campaign to destroy Jewish books
Censorship moments : reading texts in the history of censorship and freedom of expression
The Holocaust and the book : destruction and preservation
The Internet is probably one of the greatest inventions of mankind and one of the best things that happened in my generation. It has become an integral part of day to day activities and therefore subject to national security in countries around the globe The Internet grows and so does government regulation The key question is now: should government keep regulating the Internet or leave it as it is? Would it be possible to regulate the Internet without interfering with free speech? Who is most suitable to regulate Internet? These questions and many more are the forefront of this research. The research will look at Internet regulation from a Net neutrality point of view, which of course includes the pros and cons of what makes it beneficial or why it is destined to fail, the issue included whether government should step in and enforce regulation on infrastructure owners that indirectly dictate how they do business, the potential consequences of Net neutrality or the advantages & disadvantages. The thesis also includes some academic components which will examine the history of the Internet regulation in various strategic countries around the world and censorship policy of countries in details. Survey is based on specifics of various angles on Internet regulation which will include some of the questions mentioned above in order to get a clear view and opinion. Most of the materials that are used for the research will be based on previous research, current research, blogs, articles, and on books. The research/debate will in no way be based on politics or external popular views. The goal is to look at Internet regulation in a more profound way and to create debate/survey on it. Furthermore try to present the best possible result based on the outcome of the questionnaire NB: I also want to stress that the information used in this research is based on the current materials available during this period, It will be wise to note that due to the constant changes that keep happening in area of this research, some fact might no longer be valid after a while due to legislative changes.
Korea's occupied cinemas, 1893-1948
Information, freedom and censorship : the Article 19 world report 1988
More than night : Film noir in its contexts
Library wars : Love & war. 12
20 years of censored news
Ella Minnow Pea : a progressively lipogrammatic epistolary fable
Censorship and silencing : practices of cultural regulation
How Finnish companies use social media in China, and are cultural differences taken into account?
Library wars : Love & war. 4
Estonia and Poland : creativity and tradition in cultural communication. Volume 1, Jokes and their relations
Secrecy and the right to know
The anarchist in the library : how the clash between freedom and control is hacking the real world and crashing the system
Censored books : critical viewpoints
Germany's rude awakening : censorship in the land of the brothers Grimm
The use of censorship in the Enlightenment
Twilight of the eastern gods
Censorship and civic order in Reformation Germany, 1517-1648 : 'printed poison & evil talk'
Shoot the singer! : music censorship today
Media control : the spectacular achievements of propaganda
Recommendation whether to confiscate, destroy and burn all Jewish books : a classical treatise against anti-semitism
A biographical dictionary of French censors, 1742-1789. 2, C
Banned plays : censorship histories of 125 stage dramas
The rape of Nanking : the forgotten holocaust of World War II
Censors at work : how states shaped literature
The telling
Banned and persecuted : dictatorship of art under Hitler
The frightful stage : political censorship of the theater in nineteenth-century Europe
Censored 2012 : the top 25 censored stories of 2010-11
Freedom, state security and the rule of law
Censure et traduction en deçà et au-delà du monde occidental = Censorship and translation within and beyond the Western world
Censored 2000 : the year's top 25 censored stories
The bureaucracy of truth : how communist governments manage the news
Censorship and political communication in Eastern Europe : a collection of documents
The silence and the roar
A little history of literature
Censorship, translation and English language fiction in people's Poland
Library wars : Love & war. 3
Burma's pop music industry : creators, distributors, censors
The banned books of England and other countries : a study of the conception of literary obscenity
Library wars : Love & war. 1
Memories of self-censorship
Forbidden animation : censored cartoons and blacklisted animators in America
Revolutions and censorship
Channel Zero : the complete collection
Literature and the market
Public enemies, public heroes : screening the gangster from Little Caesar to Touch of evil
Censorship : 500 years of conflict : The New York Public Library [June 1 - October 15, 1984]
A woman loved
Consent of the networked : the worldwide struggle for Internet freedom
Poetry and censorship in Counter-Reformation Italy
Theatre and state in France, 1760-1905
The wages of sin : censorship and the fallen woman film, 1928-1942
Library wars : Love & war. 10
What Johnny shouldn't read : textbook censorship in America
Censure et traduction dans le monde occidental = Censorship and translation in the Western world
Brothers or enemies : the Ukrainian national movement and Russia, from the 1840s to the 1870s
The anatomy of censorship
Mass media and the individual
Mr. Lemoncello has invited teams from all across America to compete in the first ever LIBRARY OLYMPICS...but someone is trying to censor what the kids are reading. / Library of Congress.
The role of microblogs behind the great firewall of China : Chinese urban youth and the microblog bandwagon
Should social networking web sites be banned?
Orhan Pamuk, secularism and blasphemy : the politics of the Turkish novel
The catholic crusade against the movies, 1940 - 1975
Intellectual freedom manual
