http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7003 freedom of speech
freedom of speech
Speech and respect
The New England mind : from colony to province
Liberty in the age of terror : a defence of civil liberties and enlightenment values
Advertising in the internal market in the light of the right to freedom of expression
Freedom of the press
Words that wound : critical race theory, assaultive speech, and the First Amendment
Library wars : Love & war. 8
How to be a philosopher, or How to be almost certain that almost nothing is certain
Shouting fire on crowded internet : examining the ethical arguments for Internet censorship: case Cleanfeed United Kingdom
Democracy's prisoner : Eugene V. Debs, the great war, and the right to dissent
Freedom of expression in the 21st century
Data protection and freedom of speech in the European Union
Free speech in the United States
Hate speech, pornography, and the radical attack on free speech doctrine
Consent of the networked : the worldwide struggle for Internet freedom
Violations of human rights in Haiti, El Salvador and Nicaragua
Freedom of communication
The legal inclusion of extremist speech
Globalized Islam in Europe: the cartoon crisis as transnational politics
New limits : a legal comment on a case about freedom of expression and hate speech
Free speech in its forgotten years
Independence of mind
Media & culture : an introduction to mass communication
Persönlichkeitsschutz gegenüber Massenmedien = The protection of personality rights against invasions by mass media
Mill on liberty
Free speech, "the people's darling privilege" : struggles for freedom of expression in American history
Information freedom and censorship : world report 1991
Fatwa : violence & discourtesy
On the liberty of the press, and public discussion and other legal and political writings for Spain and Portugal
Japanese constitutional law
Linking - the human rights perspective
Journalism worthy of the name : a human rights perspective on freedom within the press
Authoritarian rule of law : legislation, discourse, and legitimacy in Singapore
WikiLeaks and the age of transparency
Freedom of the press : a framework of principle
Blasphemy in modern Britain : 1789 to the present
Journalism worthy of the name : freedom within the press and the affirmative side of Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights
China's information and communications technology revolution : social changes and state responses
Twilight of the Eastern Gods
Surgical consent : bioethics and cochlear implantation
The tyranny of silence : how one cartoon ignited a global debate on the future of free speech
The rational politician : exploiting the media in new democracies
Introduction to information technology law
Past, present and future of the Magna Charta Universitatum : proceedings of the Conference of the Magna Charta Observatory 18-20 September 2008
"Based on an in-depth examination of Mexico's print and broadcast media over the last twenty-five years, this book is the most richly detailed account available of the role of the media in democratization, demonstrating the reciprocal relationship between changes in the press and changes in the political system. In addition to illuminating the nature of political change in Mexico, this accessibly written study also has broad implications for understanding the role of the mass media in democratization around the world." --Publisher's description.
Christians and the state : the place of religious freedom and the law
Handbook of free speech and free press
The universal declaration of human rights : Finland
Dear Leader
Freedom of expression
J. S. Mill['s] "On liberty" in focus
Freedom of the press : on censorship, self-censorship, and press ethics
Mass media and the individual
The Web that failed : how opposition politics and independent initiatives are failing on the internet in Russia
Joseph Anton : a memoir
Dissent in Eastern Europe
Reporting Africa
Media and democracy in Latin America and the Caribbean
This volume deals with the cultural and legal debates which have counterposed the right to free speech and the need to protect Christian sensibilities in Britain from the time of the French Revolution to the present day. Central to the book is a close study of the content and public reception of the anti-Christian literature of the 19th century associated with the names G.W. Foote and J.W. Gott, the "Freethinker" and the "Truthseeker". David Nash here also examines a variety of critical-theoretical approaches to blasphemy and blasphemous writing, including postmodernism and the work of Foucault and Said. The book concludes with a detailed examination of 20th-century blasphemy cases, up to and including the "Gay News" case, "The Last Temptation of Christ" and "Visions of Ecstasy".
Freedom of expression in Islam
The Third Choice provides a introduction to Islam on the basis of its primary sources, the Qur'an and the life of Muhammad. Topics covered include the sharia; interpretation of the Qur'an; abrogation; women's rights (including female genital mutilation); lawful deception (taqiyya); Muhammad's responses to opposition; Islamic antisemitism; religious freedom; and prospects for reforming Islam. After this critical introduction of Islam, there follows an explanation and critique of Islam's policy for non-Muslims living under Islamic conditions. The doctrine of the three choices (conversion, the sword, or the dhimma pact of surrender to Islam) is explained, including an analysis of the meaning of tribute payments (jizya) made by non-Muslims (dhimmis) to their Muslim conquerors. Durie describes the impact of dhimmitude on the human rights of non-Muslims in Islamic contexts around the world today, in the light of global Islamic resurgence and advancing Islamization, including pressure being exerted through the United Nations for states to conform to sharia restrictions on freedom of speech. The Third Choice offers keys for understanding current trends in global politics, including the widening impact of sharia revival, deterioration of human rights in Islamic societies, jihad terrorism, recurring patterns of Western appeasement, interfaith dialogue initiatives, and the increasingly fraught relationship between migrant Muslim communities in the West and their host societies.
Press law in modern democracies : a comparative study
Library wars : Love & war. 6
Library wars : Love & war. 15
Eternally vigilant : free speech in the modern era
"Few studies have fully examined Asian values in journalism and the related debate in terms of their contexts, evolution, features, limitations, contributions, and implications. Little research has comprehensively looked into the components and origins of Asian values in journalism although their existence have been sporadically investigated. Consequently, the topic has been much mystified. Placed in the theoretical framework of ideological domination and control, the book is designed to demystify the topic by addressing nine questions regarding the above-mentioned areas through documentary research and historical-comparative analysis."--Jacket.
Building the fourth estate : democratization and the rise of a free press in Mexico
War reporters under threat : the United States and media freedom
Proceedings of the Sixth International Colloquy about the European Convention on Human Rights
Law's quandary
Identity and violence : the illusion of destiny
Copyright's paradox
Privacy and freedom of expression
Dissent in the USSR : politics, ideology, and people
Intellectual liberty and totalitarian claims
Library wars : Love & war. 9
Press freedom in Africa
Human rights and criminal justice
Library wars : Love & war. 2
Demystifying Asian values in journalism
Public hearing on free speech, free media : rights under treat?
Say it safely : legal limits in publishing, radio, and television
Freedom of speech in the west : a comparative study of public law in France, the United States and Germany
The cloistered virtue : freedom of speech and the administration of Justice in the Western world
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Remaking media : the struggle to democratize public communication
Wikileaks : inside Julian Assange's war on secrecy
"1958. In a dorm room in Moscow, a young writer is woken by the sound of angry voices on the radio. Through the fog of a hangover he hears the news that a novel called Doctor Zhivago has earned its author the Nobel Prize. There is uproar. The author, Boris Pasternak, faces exile, the press hound him and demand that he refuse the award. A few days earlier the young writer found a copy of this book - could those simple pages really be so dangerous? Based on Ismaïl Kadare's own experience, Twilight of the Eastern Gods is a fictionalised recreation of his time as a student at the prestigious Gorky Institute for World Literature - a strange 'factory of the intellect' set up to produce a new generation of Socialist writers. With its drunken nights, uninspiring professors, specially selected students and enforced Socialist Realism his time at the Gorky Institute brought Kadare to the brink of abandoning writing altogether. In English for the first time, Twilight of the Eastern Gods is a portrait of a city and a time, it is a story of youth, of disenchantment and of the incredible importance of the written word. "--Canongate.
International media liability : civil liability in the information age
Emma Goldman : a documentary history of the American years. Vol. 1, Made for America, 1890-1901
Library wars : Love & war. 7
Policing public opinion in the French Revolution : the culture of calumny and the problem of free speech
The role of microblogs behind the great firewall of China : Chinese urban youth and the microblog bandwagon
Unlearning the Soviet tongue : discursive practices of a democratizing polity
Critiquing free speech : First Amendment theory and the challenge of interdisciplinarity
Free speech and democracy in ancient Athens
Deviant knowledge : criminology, politics and policy
Battle lines in the Chinese blogosphere : keyword control as a tactic in managing mass incidents
Preserving media independence : regulatory frameworks
Advertising and constitutional rights in Europe : a study in comparative constitutional law
Freedom of speech and its limits
Freedom under Foot : the battle over the closed shop in British journalism
Freedom of expression : the acid test
Abstract.
Media divides : communication rights and the right to communicate in Canada
The secular outlook : in defense of moral and political secularism
Copyright and free speech : comparative and international analyses
Confidentiality and the law
The EU fundamental rights impact on copyright enforcement on P2P networks
Freedom of speech
Christian responsibility and communicative freedom  : a challenge for the future of pluralistic societies / Wolfgang Huber
The article 19 freedom of expression handbook : international and comparative law, standards and procedures
Information, freedom and censorship : the Article 19 world report 1988
Media system and news selections in Namibia
The new inquisition : understanding and managing intellectual freedom challenges
Criticism of the judiciary by the media
Library wars : Love & war. 11
The new thought police : inside the Left's assault on free speech and free minds
Domestic legal restrictions on civil society organizations and their implications on individual human rights : case studies on Ethiopia, Zimbabwe and Algeria
The relationship between copyright and freedom of expression within EU law in digital age : user rights in an online world
Library wars : Love & war. 13
Human liberty and freedom of speech. C. Edwin Baker
Outrageous invasions : celebrities' private lives, media, and the law
Free speech in the new media
Freedom and control over the press in Algeria
Freedom of speech at stake : media developments and democracy in Central Asia
Free expression is no offence
Library wars : Love & war. 12
Fahrenheit 451 : a novel
Congress shall make no law..
Holocaust denial and freedom of expression
There is no such thing as a free press : and we need one more than ever
Freedom of speech : basis and limits : Association for Legal and Social Philosophy 12. Annual Conference at the University of Glasgow, 29th-31th March 1985
The suffocation of Hong Kong : decline of press freedom since the 1997 handover
The vigilant press : a collection of case-studies
Library wars : Love & war. 10
Party colonisation of the media in Central and Eastern Europe
The encyclopedia of censorship
Shakespeare's freedom
Online freedom of expression in Bangladesh and around the world : what type of restrictions could be justified?
Freedom of expression in radio and TV (Finland)
Ain't nobody's business if you do : the absurdity of consensual crimes in our free country
Library wars : Love & war. 14
The beginning of the 21st century has witnessed distinctive examples of a global politicized Islam: Islamic controversies originating in the actions of non-Muslims. The most important of these has been the 'cartoon crisis', originating in the cartoons of Mohammad published by the Danish Jyllands-Posten . The article describes and analyzes the reactions of Muslims as they developed in the context of the cartoon crisis. The significance of the Islamic public sphere in understanding the crisis is discussed in theoretical terms. It is argued that the crisis demonstrated the significance of a mass effect as a prducer of global Islam, of the struggle for control of public sphere, and of the creation of counter-publics. The analysis deals with the nature of the political activity connected to the crisis. Themes discussed in the article include the politics of recognition, community victimization, the principle of collective responsibility, and processual politics.
A culture of collusion : an inside look at the Mexican press
Minority rights, freedom of expression and of the media: dynamics and dilemmas
A space for hate : the white power movement's adaptation into cyberspace
Obscenity, blasphemy, sedition : censorship in Australia
I accuse the press : an insider's view of the media and politics in Africa
Gorbachev's glasnost : the Soviet media in the first phase of perestroika
From glasnost to the Internet : Russia's new infosphere
Information ethics : privacy, property, and power
Speech, crime, and the uses of language
Channel Zero : the complete collection
Journalism and democracy in Asia
Government and mass communications : a report from the Commission on freedom of the press
Freedom of information : working towards compliance
War on words : who should protect journalists?
Free speech and national security
Freedom of expression in Europe : case law concerning Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights ; [Council of Europe]
Regulating the media
Central and Eastern Euorpean media under dictatorial rule and in the early Cold War
Future of internet news portals after the case of Delfi
The right to communicate : a new human right
The university in chains : confronting the military-industrial-academic complex
Freedom in broadcasting
Censorship and free speech : some philosophical bearings
There's no such thing as free speech : and it's a good thing, too
The road to freedom : Taiwan's postwar human rights movement
Library wars : Love & war. 5
Library wars : Love & war. 3
The limits of freedom of speech : prose literature and prose writers in Egypt under Nasser and Sadat
Liberty, charity and politics : non-profit law and freedom of speech
Implementation of constitutional provisions regarding mass media in a pluralist democracy : proceedings of the UniDem Seminar organised in Nicosia on 16-18 December 1994 in co-operation with the Office of the Attorney General of the Republic of Cyprus and with the support of the European Commission
Library wars : Love & war. 4
The third choice : Islam, dhimmitude and freedom
"A study of the way hate groups, especially white supremacist groups, are using the Internet to spread their messages to a young audience. Attention is given to the legal debate over hate speech and free speech, and questions concerning ethics and rhetoric in the Internet space"--Provided by publisher.
Freedom of speech : issues and cases
Mill's On liberty : a critical guide
Organizational dissent and workplace freedom of speech : a qualitative study of young professional intra-urban migrant workers in Shanghai
Human rights in the Americas
The forging of freedom of speech : essays on argumentation in congressional debates on the Bill of Rights and on the Sedition Act
Freedom of the press : a framework of principle : a report from the Commission on Freedom of the Press
Library wars : Love & war. 1
The free and open press : the founding of American democratic press liberty, 1640-1800
