http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7012 resistance (derived quantities)
resistance (derived quantities)
Quantum Hall effect in 2 dimensional GaInAs structure
Resistor theory and technology
Magnetic and transport properties of LaMnO3[sub +δ], La1[sub -x]Ca[sub x]MnO3, La1[sub -x]Ca[sub x]Mn1[sub -y]Fe[sub y]O3 and La1[sub -x]Sr[sub x]Mn1[sub -y]Fe[sub y]O3
Ship resistance in homogeneous ice fields : theory, systematic tests, and estimation of resistance and effective power at constant speed
Overcoming resistance in cognitive therapy
Reducing contact resistance in graphene devices
Practical electronics handbook
Galvanomagnetic effects in InGaAs nanostructure
Fundamentals of physics
The goal of this thesis was to develop an automatic resistance tester for Nokia Oyj component quality control. The work is mainly focused on reprogramming a programmable logic controller, introduction of an OPC server and development of a new user interface using LabVIEW-programming tool. The device was developed using an existing device that had its functions modified to match its new purpose. By examining the old program code inside the programmable logic controller, a new I/O list was made. It was used to make a new program for the motion control. To operate the device a new user interface was programmed. In the design of the new user interface special attention was paid to user-friendliness. Finally, the communication between a computer and a PLC was in focus. For communication an OPC server was introduced. As a result of the project a device was developed that could automatically measure the resistance of components from points that are taught in advance. The teaching of these points is done manually or by compiling the points picked from a CAD file into a comprehensible format for motion controller. After the device was built, there was no need to measure circuit boards manually. This thesis does not have any confidential information concerning the procedures of quality control.
The handbook of electrical resistivity : new materials and pressure effects
Modelling metabolic disorders : multiplexin collagens in bone remodelling, and lipid and energy metabolism
Clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors, liver enzymes and PNPLA3 polymorphism with special reference to children
Fascicle length changes of the vastus lateralis muscle during an explosive knee extension movement : comparison of two different types of variable resistance machines
Coherent mathematical treatment of the inductive and resistive coupling acting in electromagnetic transformers
Electric contacts : theory and applications
Imaging of mixing in selected industrial processes using electrical resistance tomography
Electrical engineering 101 : everything you should have learned in school, but probably didn't
Introduction to PSpice® manual using Orcad® Release 9.2 to accompany Electric circuits
Estimating critical temperature of superconductivity in A1 nanoclusters
Spin filtering and resistive switching in all-oxide tunnel junctions
Strategy as ‘dispositive’:essays on productive power and resistance in strategy-making
University physics
QB Quality board automatic resistance tester
Electrical Engineering 101 : Everything You Should Have Learned in School... but Probably Didn't
Transport phenomena in GaInNAs structures
Transport properties of Ti1−хVхO2−ð semiconductor oxide films
Electrical resistance tomography imaging of concrete
Strategy as 'dispositive' : essays on productive power and resistance in strategy-making
Low level measurements : precision DC current, voltage and resistance measurements
Molecular responses of plants to biotic and abiotic stresses : symposium proceedings : Viikki, Dec. 8.-9. 1994
