http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7013 aroma
aroma
Culinary art and anthropology
Handbook of fruit and vegetable flavors
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-seventh report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Flavors and off-flavors '89 : proceedings of the 6th International flavor conference, Rethymnon, Crete, Greece, 5-7 July 1989
Amino acid catabolism by Lactobacillus helveticus in cheese : understanding the influence of strain variation on flavour formation
Natural beauty : the practical guide to wildfower cosmetics
"Wood & Beer: A Brewer's Guide covers the history, physiology, microbiology and flavor contributions of wood, as well as the maintenance of wooden vessels. This book is about both wood and beer, and the mysteries that arise when the two come together"--
Aromas of some strawberry and blueberry species and varieties studied by gas liquid chromatographic and selected ion monitoring techniques
Chemical senses and food quality perception : a literature review
The dictionary of flavors : and general guide for those training in the art and science of flavor chemistry
Introduction to organic chemistry II
Food chemistry
Poucher's perfumes, cosmetics and soaps
Scented sales : impact of a scent marketing campaign on grocery sales
Aroma of the berries of the hybrid Rubus stellatus Sm. x R. arcticus L.
Food flavorings : composition, manufacture, and use
Questions of taste : the philosophy of wine
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : seventy-fourth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Food flavours : biology and chemistry
Influence of chemosensory performance on flavor perception and food acceptance of the elderly
The aroma of cloudberries (Rubus chamaemorus L.)
Modifying flavour in food
Sensory design of easy-to-chew food for elderly : ingredients and manufacturing conditions with focus on meat and carrot : literature review
The hamlyn step-by-step flower craft book
Identification of volatile aroma compounds in arctic bramble, Rubus arcticus L., and their development during the ripening of the berry, with special reference to Rubus stellatus SM
Aroma and flavor in liquid beet sugar processing
Dashi and umami : the heart of Japanese cuisine
Flavours and fragrances of plant origin
How to choose wine
Summary: Thirty eight volatile aroma compounds were identified in the frozen berries of Rubus stellatus by means of the glass capillary gas chromatography-mass spectrometry systems. These compounds cover about 75 per cent of the total steam-distilled fraction, which...
Proceedings of the 3rd Nordic aroma symposium : june 6...8, 1972 Hämeenlinna, Finland
Instrumentally measured release and human perception of aroma compounds from foods and model systems differing in fat content
Summary: The volatile aroma compounds of the berries of the hybrid Rubus stellatus x arcticus were examined and compared with R. arcticus. Both the quantity and quality of the aroma of the hybrid falls between the parents...
Gas chromatographic and mass spectrometric investigation of the flavour composition of some labiatae herbs cultivated in Finland
Food additives data book
The Molecular world : alkenes and aromatics
Flavor of meat and meat products
Practical analysis of flavor and fragrance materials
Flavourings : production, composition, applications, regulations
Biotechnology in flavor production
Flavours and fragrances : chemistry, bioprocessing and sustainability
Concepts in wine chemistry
Essential oils from herbs and spices : isolation by carbon dioxide extraction and characterization by gas chromatography and sensory evaluation
Evaluation of certain food additives : sixty-ninth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
The human sense of smell
Molecular gastronomy : exploring the science of flavor
Aroma constituents of Angelica archangelica: variations in the composition of the essential root oil of strains of var. norvegica and var. sativa
Advanced Dairy Chemistry. Vol. 3, Lactose, water, salts and minor constituents
The role of non-starter lactic acid bacteria (NSLAB) and their interactions with Lactococcus lactis in the formation of aroma compounds from amino acids in cheese
Evaluation of certain food additives : sixty-fifth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives : [Geneva, 6 - 17 June 2005]
Flavour science : recent advances and trends
Tea : cultivation to consumption
Thermally generated flavors : maillard, microwave, and extrusion processes : developed from a symposium ... at the 204th National Meeting of the American Chemical Society, Washington, DC, August 24-28, 1992
Natural food flavors and colorants
Food flavour technology
Flower Craft Book
Evaluation of certain food additives : sixty-third report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Pairing food & wine for dummies
Natural health & bodycare : a comprehensive and informative guide to natural remedies, recipes and routines for the whole body
"Natural Extracts as Food Flavors and Colorants, as its name implies, describes the natural extracts that are used as food flavors and colors. Part I addresses techniques and general characteristics of these natural extracts, including essential oils; solvent extraction; food colors; dispersion and solubitization; effect of heat; nutraceutical function; organoleptic function; and regulatory and analytical aspects. Part II focuses on each individual natural extract, with coverage including raw material; chemistry; extraction specifics; methods of testing; and uses. Chemical structure and properties of key constituents are provided. Wherever available, CAS number, FEMA number and E number are given. Determination of principal and significant constituents is described, so as to help analysts choose the right methods. Food scientists, researchers and product development professionals alike will find Natural Extracts as Food Flavors and Colorants an invaluable resource for understanding and using these natural food ingredients"--
Common fragrance and flavor materials : preparation, properties and uses
Fennema's food chemistry
Studies on the chemical composition of the alcoholic flavour distillates and steam distilled essential oils of sweet marjoram, coriander fruit, angelica root and juniper berry
Composition and content of aroma compounds in the dill herb, Anethum graveolens L., affected by different factors
Neurogastronomy : how the brain creates flavor and why it matters
Handbook of flavor characterization : sensory analysis, chemistry, and physiology
Aroma partition and release from soft drinks, jam, and jellied sweets
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : seventy-third report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Handbook of food analytical chemistry. Vol. 2, pigments, colorants, flavors, texture, and bioactive food components
The flavour thesaurus : pairings, recipes and ideas for the creative cook
Dictionary of food compounds with CD-ROM : additives, flavors, and ingredients
Flavor chemistry and technology
Aroma of beer, wine and distilled alcoholic beverages
Summary: The content and composition of the essential oil in roots of one strain of Angelica archangelica var. norvegica and two strains of A. archangelica var. sativa were investigated. Samples were taken at different stages of development. Slight variations in oil contents with maxima early in spring and in August could be detected...
Food science & nutrition
Introduction to aroma research
Consumer attitudes on aroma printing
Taste buds and molecules : the art and science of food, wine, and flavor
Botany and horticulture of the genus freesia (Iridaceae)
Compendium of food additive specifications : Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives, 76th Meeting 2013.
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-eighth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Chemical constituents of the volatile aroma compounds in Rubus arcticus L. subsp. stellatus (Sm.) Boivin, with reference to Rubus arcticus L. subsp. arcticus
