http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7011 cod
cod codfish
International agreements of the multispecies Baltic Sea fisheries : a partition function game approach
The cod fisheries : the history of an international economy
Sammendrag: Proteolytisk omdannelse av torskeslog til ingredienser for mikrobielle vekstmedier.
Average salinity as an index for environmental forcing on cod recruitment in the Baltic Sea
Harbour porpoises (Phocoena phocoena) of Skjálfandi Bay : size, gender and diet
Evaluation of the state of the Icelandic and north Icelandic cod and haddock stocks based on the groundfish survery carried out in 1985-2010
Cod-nets, boats and men : a study of the winter-season fishing on the southwest coast of Iceland
Ranaviruses : detection, differentation and host immune response
The influence of biological and physical processes on early juvenile  Arcto-Norwegian cod (Gadus morhua L.) with special emphasis on zooplankton  abundance
Sharing rules and stability in coalition games with externalities : the case of the Baltic Sea cod fishery
Cod and climate change : proceedings of a symposium held in Reykjavík, 23-27 August 1993
Feeding ecology, nutrition, and growth in young cod (Gadus morhua L.) larvae
Hakes of the world (family Merlucciidae) : an annotated and illustrated catalogue of hake species known to date
Comparison of nucleotide sequences for the major capsid protein of pike-perch (Stizostedion lucioperca), cod (Gadus morhua) and other piscine or amphibian iridovirus isolates
Cod fishery of the European Union and Russia at the Baltic Sea : a game-theoretic analysis
The predator-prey interaction between Northeast Arctic cod (Gadus morhua L.) and juvenile Norwegian spring-spawning herring (Clupea harengus L.) in the Barents Sea
Abstract.
Implications of behaviour for maturation and spawning in cod
Baltic cod : scientific papers presented at the Polish-Swedish Symposium on Baltic Cod, Gdynia, Poland, March 21-22, 1995
Cod off the coast of Finland in 1974-82
Fisheries mismanagement: the case of the North Atlantic cod
Stage- and size-dependent mortality of reared and wild cod (Gadus morhua L.) : enhancement studies of coastal cod in Norway
Input-efficiency of fishing cod in the Baltic Sea : comparing major EU trawler fleets
The Marine Research Institute (MRI) has annually gathered information on fish stocks in Icelandic waters since spring 1985. These researches have been carried out by bottom trawls. Since 1996 the bottom trawling has been carried out also in autumn. The purpose of this research has been to gather information on the development of fish stocks as well as the distribution of their length, weight and age. The main focus in this thesis lies on cod (Gadus morhua). While observing the Icelandic fishing industry, the importance of cod is greater than other species. This thesis focuses on the data gathered by bottom trawls between spring 1985 and autumn 2010. The species included to this thesis are cod and haddock (Melangrammus aeglefinus). The results base largely on the average lengths and weights and how these two vary between different age groups. The average lengths have increased slightly in 21st century for both cod and haddock. In the spring survey carried out in 1985-2010 the average length for cod was 40-50 cm while in the autumn survey carried out 1996-2010 the average length had risen to 50-60 cm. In the spring survey the average length for haddock was 30-40 cm while in the autumn survey the average length had risen to 35-45 cm. Also the average weights have increased during the survey for both cod and haddock. However, the amounts for total catches have not shown any remarkable recovery. While trying to preserve sustainable fish stocks, creating new and more precise catching methods have an important role. This reduces the amount of bycatches and would also help the regulation of fish stocks.
Cod : a biography of the fish that changed the world
Catch per unit effort in estimating the increase of cod in the Northern Baltic in 1976-81
Tagging of cod (Gadus morhua) in Icelandic waters 1948-1986 and tagging of haddock (Gadus aeglefinus) in Icelandic waters 1953-1965
Nervous control of gastrointestinal motility in the Atlantic cod, Gadus morhua : autonomic pathways and enteric reflexes
Surimi and surimi seafood
An environmental history of North Sea ling and cod fisheries, 1840-1914
Optimal harvesting of large and small-scale fisheries : an application to Norwegian fisheries of Arcto-Norwegian cod
Optimal bioeconomic multispecies fisheries management : a Baltic Sea case study
Comparative evaluation of the cod and herring fisheries in Denmark, Iceland and Norway
White muscle fibre distribution in Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) and Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua) as affected by external factors, and relation to flesh quality
The spatial and temporal distribution patterns of cod (Gadus morhua callarias L.) in the Baltic Sea and their dependence on environmental variability : implications for fishery management
Fisheries management in an ecological context : examples for the Baltic Sea
Occurence of persistent organic contaminants in the Baltic cod (Gadus morhua) and their relation to MFO activity and early development
Proteolytic conversion of cod viscera to ingredients for microbial growth media
Size-selection of cod, haddock and Greenland halibut in trawl, longline and gillnets with possible impacts on life history parameters
Precautionary management of eastern Baltic Sea cod (Gadus morhua callarias) under different environmental noise and harvest strategies
Environmental assessment of seafood with a life-cycle perspective
Conservation of young fish by management of trawl selectivity
Temperature- and size-dependent growth of larval and early juvenile Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua L.)
Reduced headspace volume of modified atmosphere packaged fresh salmon (Salmo salar L.) and cod (Gadus morhua L.) by use of a carbon dioxide emitter = Redusert frivolum ved bruk av ein karbondioksid-emitter under lagring av fersk laks (Salmo salar L.) og torsk (Gadus morhua L.) i modifisert atmosfære
Improving trawl selectivity in the Baltic = Utökning av tråselektion i Östersjön
Hatching and ontogeny in marine fishes : consequences for variability and viability at first feeding
QIM (Quality Index Method) assessment of cod and Norway lobster caught by various fishing methods
Social net benefits of cod farming in Sweden
Molecular and cellular analysis of cold-adapted microtubules
Four fish : the future of the last wild food
Environmental bottlenecks for reproduction of Baltic cod, Gadus morhua
Studies on digestion, deposition and fatty acid composition of lipids in cod (Gadus morhua)
Environmental life-cycle assessment of seafood products from capture fisheries
