http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7015 mermaids
mermaids
Edvard Munch's Mermaid
Disney's The little mermaid : [the original movie book and cd collection]
The Little Mermaid
Goddess of the sea
Father Bear comes home
Pirates of the Caribbean : Vierailla vesillä
Fabulous creatures and other magical beings
Hans Christian Andersen's The little mermaid
Sea fairies of whirlpool gully
Black is the color
The merrymaid of Zennor
The singing mermaid
Enduring whispers about her absent mother's alleged merrow origins after her father drowns, twelve-year-old Neen questions her identity as she becomes increasingly torn between the worlds of the sea and her island home / WorldCat.
On her seventeenth birthday, Tempest must decide whether to remain a human and live on land or submit to her mermaid half, like her mother before her, and enter into a long-running war under the sea.
Return of the Dark Queen
The Very Messy Mermaid
Milly and the mermaids
The crossing of Ingo
The little mermaid
Sailor Twain : the mermaid in the Hudson
The three little pirates
Merrow
Above world
Mariana and the merchild : a folk tale from Chile
Moonlight and mermaids
Real mermaids don't hold their breath
Secrets of the sea house
Emily Windsnap and the ship of lost souls
Real mermaids don't need high heels
Sea enchantress : the tale of the mermaid and her kin
Real mermaids don't wear toe rings
Eyes of light : the fantasy drawings of Frank Brunner
Illustrated stories for children
The fish in Room 11
Captain Falsebeard in a very fishy tale
Mermaid ancestry can be traced from the classical past to the present. From her roots in Assyrian reliefs to inn signs, figureheads and tattoos, from the seductress of sailors to Picasso's mural of Syrena, the legends and folklore surrounding the mermaid remain as open to interpretation as the myths that have ensured her survival. She is blessed with one tail or two, as happy in freshwater as salt, and her line of descent runs from Homer's sirens to the nymphs in Pirates of the Caribbean. And what of the selkies, or seal-folk, or the fish-tailed maidens found entangled in fishermens nets? -- The earliest surviving images of mermaids date from 3,000 years ago. For much of her existence she has been an object of desire: in medieval bestiaries and pre-Raphaelite paintings, mermaids were symbols of lust and temptation. Only recently has the mermaid been reclaimed as neither vamp nor victim, but confident self-aware woman. Few creatures match her allure. A sexual hybrid, woman to the waist and fish below, her enduring popularity spans eras, continents and art forms.
Illustrated stories for girls
The tide knot
Pirates of the Caribbean : vierailla vesillä
The Little Marmaid and other fairy tales
Tempest revealed
The fairytale hairdresser and the little mermaid
Real mermaids don't sell seashells
Swimming without a net
Sailor Twain : or the Mermaid in Hudson
Of Neptune
The tiniest mermaid
The seal children
In a glass grimmly
The little mermaid and other fishy tales
The mermaid's sister
Stormswept
That's not my mermaid... : her hair is too fluffy
Maidens, myths and mermaids : a handbook of patterns
Tempest rising
The tail of Emily Windsnap
The deep
Rogue wave
Mythical beasts
Fish out of water
The mermaids of Starfish Reef
