http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7019 cameramen
cameramen
The Gun Room
Documentary in the digital age
All about Steve
Contemporary photographers
De pterygotis : vel manuale insectis reparandis = or manual for insect construction = eli käsikirja hyönteisten rakentajalle
In this comprehensive, practical guide, award-winning photojournalist Stacy Pearsall offers the techniques, guidance, and inspiration needed to succeed in the dynamic and exciting field of photojournalism.
The happy years : diaries 1944-48
A dangerous place : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Polaroid professional photography studio issue 16.
Reflections : twenty-one cinematographers at work
The world of Henri Cartier-Bresson
Who is mr Satoshi
The art of the cinematographer : a survey and interviews with five masters
Cinematographer's role in film-making
Worst. Person. Ever
International directory of cinematographers set- and costume designers in film. Vol. 5, Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden (from the beginnings to 1984)
New cinematographers
Chameleon 1979-1982
"Tired of the all the digital filmmaking guidebooks that give you only the nuts and bolts of how to use a camera? The third edition of Video Shooter takes the how-to knowledge a step further by showing you how to craft a story in your video. Barry Braverman is an experienced shooter and filmmaker whose is highly regarded in the field. This book covers everything from framing a shot, to lighting, to the type of camera (and tripod) you should use, and perhaps most importantly--how to translate the use of all the equipment and techniques into a story. The author is a veteran cinematic storyteller, and he shares practiced film-style techniques for use on your own DV cam.Humorous and opinionated, the author provides anecdotes and full-color illustrations that help you to learn the tricks of the trade. He gets right to the point of what you need to know to get good shots-and on a budget. New to this edition: * more up-to-date techniques involving HD technology* more coverage on the multi-skillset required of today's filmmakers (who are asked to act simultaneously as Director, Director of Photography, Cinematographer, Sound Recordists, etc.)*Website including craft tips, equipment review/blogs, and a teacher's corner to support use of the book in film studies/digital media class (includes student work completed in class using the text)"--
Das Jahrbuch 2000 = the 2000 yearbook
Edward S. Curtis in the land of the war canoes : a pioner cinematographer in the Pacific Northwest
Great photographers
Masters of photography : classic photographic artists of our time
The art of visual effects
Cindy Sherman : photographic work 1975-1995
Photographic work 1975-1995
Tele-visions : an introduction to studying television
Cinematography : theory and practice : image making for cinematographers, directors & videographers
Video shooter : mastering storytelling techniques
The Chicago guide to writing about numbers
The Blue Mountains of Harry Phillips : he exposed the shadows of the landscape
The illuminations
City of shadows
Magic hour
Das Jahrbuch 2002 = the 2002 yearbook
" ... animator and experimental film artist Norman McLaren talks here with film historian William Sloan, and introduces excerpts from his work to illustrate his ideas and techniques". Excerpts shown came from "Boogie Doodle", "Loop and Dots", "Begone dull care", "Rythmetic", "Poulette Grise", "Neighbors", "Canon", and "Pas de deux."
iPro user : a case study of pro-am photographers in Malaysia travel magazine
The somnambulist
Francesca Woodman and the Kantian sublime
Photo.doc : dokumentteja dokumentarismista = documents of documentary photography
John Thomson : life and photographs
Capturing change : the practice of Malian photography, 1930s - 1990s
Shadowed by grace : a story of monuments men
The years between : diaries 1939-44
Slightly out of focus : Foreword by Cornell Capa. Introduction by Richerd Whelan
Ansel Adams : a biography
Women photographers : European experience
This is a collection of interviews with some of the most significant British cinematographers of the last 30 years. The subject included here discuss their craft and recount their experiences working on some of the most notable films of the last few decades, including Anna Karenina, Atonement, The Avengers, Casino Royale, The Cider House Rules, Goldeneye, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Help, and The Prince of Tides. Many of the individuals have also worked on major television films and mini-series, including The Forsythe Saga, Inspector Morse, Life on Mars, Pennies from Heaven, The Singing Detective, and Traffik.
Cinematography : theory and practice : imagemaking for cinematographers and directors
Marianne Breslauer : photographs
Picture show. No 2, Finland, Ireland, Cuba, cold, warm, hot, lovely, colours
The lives of Lee Miller
Photographs
Poland : from sea to mountains
Being in pictures : an intimate photo memoir
Annie Leibovitz : life through a lens
Don't shoot the yanqui : the life of a war cameraman
Majestic Hollywood : the greatest films of 1939
The wandering years : diaries: 1922-1939
A photojournalist's field guide : in the trenches with combat photographer Stacy Pearsall
On camera presentation : how to report, anchor & interview
Ralph Eugene Meatyard
Cinematography for directors : a guide for creative collaboration
Humans of New York : stories
Projekt weisse Zelle : Fotografie 1983-1985 = [The white cell; photographs 1983-1985]
Scrivere con la luce = Writing with light. Parte seconda, I colori = Colors
The photographer's story : the art of visual narrative
Roll! : shooting TV news : views from behind the lens
Scrivere con la luce = Writing with light. 1, La luce = The light
Photography : the 50 most influential photographers in the world
Photo inspiration[Elektroninen aineisto] : secrets behind stunning images
Das Jahrbuch 2004 = the 2004 yearbook
Cinematography
Video shooter : storytelling with HD cameras
In conversation with cinematographers
Advertising photography : a straightforward guide to a complex industry
Shooting movies without shooting yourself in the foot : becoming a cinematographer
The London satyr : [a novel]
Hollywood cameramen : sources of light
A house of light
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
The camera assistant's manual
The New York School photographs 1936-1963
Conversations with Cinematographers
Das Jahrbuch 2003 = the 2003 yearbook
Das Jahrbuch 2007 = the 2007 yearbook
Scrivere con la luce = Writing with light. Parte terza, Gli elementi = The elements
The repercussions
The restless years : diaries 1955-63
