http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7016 performance artists
performance artists
Includes 333 works from 36 countries, performed during 2013, documented in the words of their creators.
Performance : live art 1909 to the present
Forest Fringe : the first ten years
Glorious catastrophe : Jack Smitn, performance and visual culture
Aeg Ruum Liikumine = Time Space Movement : Paide tegevuskunsti festival Baltikumis 2001 = moving performance art festival around the Balticum
Performance : Live art since the 60s
Corpus Jan Fabre : observations of a creative process
This is performance art : parts one and two
Marina Abramovic : talon siivous : matkakaappi = Cleaning the house : travelling cabinet
Helinä Hukkataival : space between ritual and carnival
This book, the first devoted to the history and contemporary forms of Irish performance art in the north and south of Ireland, brings together contributions by prominent Irish artists and major academics. It features rigorous critical and theoretical analysis as well as historical commentaries that provide an absorbing sense of the rich histories of performance art in Ireland. Presenting diverse visual documentation of performance art practices, this collection shows how performance art in Ireland engaged with—and in turn influenced and led—contemporary performance and Live Art internationally.
Performance art. Volume 2, Scripts
"Since the beginning of her career, in Belgrade in the late 1960s, Marina Abramovic has pioneered performance as a visual art form, creating some of the most important works in the field. Marina Abramovic: The Artist is Present documents this history in detail, representing the range of Abramovic's art in sound, video, installation, photography, and performance as well as in the reperformance of both solo and collaborative historical works. Ephemeral and time-based performance is harder than more traditional art works to preserve and pass on to posterity; The Artist is Present constitutes a complex address of this issue." --Book Jacket
Leigh Bowery looks
The biography of biographies
The Unpainted Landscape
Emergency index offers a state-of-the-field view of performance as it is used in dance, theater, poetry, music, visual art, political activism, scientific research, advertising, terrorism, and other disciplines.
NIPAF Asian performance art '93-'97
Collaborations shift from Marina Abramovic/Ulay to Beaconsfield : place as the third body in the construction of artistic subjectivity
Siim-Tanel Annus - Raoul Kurvitz - Jaan Toomik : 47 th Biennale in Venice, Performances June 11-16, 1997.
Robert Whitman created some of the earliest and most important performance works of the 1960s.   In his performances, the poetic and often surprising interaction of film, lights, sound, live performers, props,   and objects that take on a life of their own create a dense visual, non-narrative dramatic structure.  This DVD captures for the viewer important and seminal examples of this ephemeral art form.   It makes available for the first time original recordings of three of Whitman's 1960s performances and documents the creative thinking of an innovative artist   – and the artistic climate of the time.
Corpus delecti : performance art of the Americas
"In Fluxus Replayed also released in 2005, iimura documents an event in 1991 held to reproduce historical performances by NYC-based Fluxus artists of the 1960s. The S.E.M Ensemble together with some of the Fluxus artists themselves, perform works by Nam June Paik, Yoko Ono, Dick Higgins, George Brecht, Allison Knowles, Ben Patterson, Jackson Mac Low and Emett Williams...Though much of this work was sound-based, produced collaboratively for group performance using chance determinations and framed with a sense of the aesthetics of noise, the written scores or instructions for each piece may well have satisfied many members of the audience." --
When I didn't know about you yet : visions of power and body in Marika Orenius's work
Meredith Monk
A different kind of intimacy : the collected writings of Karen Finley
Scrapbooks, snapshots and memorabilia : hidden archives of performance
Yoko Ono : one woman show, 1960-1971
Performances from the 1960s by Robert Whitman that involve interaction of film, lights, sound, live performers, props, and objects. Includes original footage of The American          moon (1960) and Flower (1963), short documentaries about the works, interviews with Trisha Brown, Jim Dine, Simone Forti, Claes Oldenburg, Lucas Samaras, and Robert Whitman.  A recent performance of Prune Flat (1965) is accompanied by an interview with Whitman about the piece. A bonus video presents Ghost, Whitman's latest theater work (2002).
Rachel Rosenthal
Ron Athey is an iconic figure in contemporary art and performance. In his frequently bloody portrayals of life, death, crisis, and fortitude in the time of AIDS, Athey calls into question the limits of artistic practice. These limits enable Athey to explore key themes including gender, sexuality, radical sex, queer activism, post-punk and industrial culture, tattooing and body modification, ritual, and religion. This landmark publication includes Athey's own writings, commissioned essays by maverick artists and leading academics, and full-color images of Athey's art and performances since the early 1980s. The diverse range of artistic and critical contributors to the book reflects Athey's creative and cultural impact, among them musician Antony Hegarty of Antony and the Johnsons who contributed a foreword
The book now in your hands is itself a kind of collection, a gathering of the voices of some catalysts of contemporary performance: artists, cultural engineers, curators, collectors, set alongside critical meditations on the aesthetic, legal and museological ramifications of collecting live art. What emerges is a dynamic conversation - happily discordant in places - on the ethos of the act of collecting, and its social, political and philosophical consequences.
Marina Abramovic : the artist is present
Body act
The only way home is through the show : performance work of Lois Weaver
The future show
The imaginative body : Guy Cools with Tim Etchells
The bodies that were not ours : and other writings
Eiko & Koma : time is not even, space is not empty
The mad dog, or last taboo guarded by alone Cerberus
Performing Laurie Anderson : the construction of a persona
The triumph of anti-art / : conceptual and performance art in the formation of post-modernism
SPILL festival of performance
Language aLive. Two
Leigh Bowery
Performance saga : video documentation from a series of three festivals in Bern, Lausanne and Basel, Switzerland featuring 26 artists. Disks 3 & 4
Performance : live art since 1960
Live : art and performance
Walk through walls : a memoir
It's all allowed : the performances of Adrian Howells
Life II : [in progress]
The fundamental Gilbert and George
Andy Field, Deborah Pearson and Ira Brand began Forest Fringe as a totally independent, not-for-profit space in the midst of the Edinburgh Festival. Since then they have built a community of artists and playwrights, and are consistently rated as being a festival highlight. This collection collates the best of their work from the past decade and celebrates a remarkable body of work.
This extensively illustrated book with exceptional photos by Nada Zgank provides texts from acclaimed writers written especially for this project. Live Art theorist Adrian Heathfield explores Jansa's procedures of re-enactment and reconstruction, the director and writer Tim Etchells addresses the act of transition, the philosopher Mladen Dolar reflects on the glorification of childhood through Kafka and Oedipus, the art historian Amelia Jones gives a detailed comparison between the performance Imponderabilia by Marina Abramovic and Ulay and Life II [in Progress], whilst the performing arts theorist Aldo Milohnic investigates art that creates with the law.
Seductive, fearless, and outrageous, Serbian performance artist Marina Abramovic has been redefining art for nearly forty years. Using her body as a vehicle, she creates performances that challenge, shock, and move us. This is a mesmerizing journey into the world of radical performance and an intimate portrait of an astonishingly magnetic, endlessly intriguing woman who draws no distinction between life and art.
Johnny Amore : performers : [Pori Art Museum, Finland, Sep 27 - Nov 24 2013]
Emergency index : an annual document of performance practice. Vol. 3, Documenting 2013
Performance artists talking in the eighties : sex, food, money/fame, ritual/death
Taxation of international performing artistes : the problems with article 17 OECD and how to correct them
Who is Ana Mendieta?
The amazing decade : women and performance art in America 1970-1980
Caught in the act : an anthology of performance art by Canadian women
Visions of excess
Student body : workshops 1979 - 2003 : perfomances 1993 - 2003
Ian Hinchliffe was a performer who could bring a sense of menace, unpredictability and absurd humour into any creative arena. Hinchliffe hated the bland: life to him was an adventure and he pursued it with an insatiable and dangerous, playful delight with little distinction between on and off stage. His impromptu performances took place in the street, on public transport systems, in social clubs, art centres/laboratories, theatres, summer festivals, pubs, once in a consecrated church and, God help us, even the odd art gallery. HINCH developed from the organisation and documentation of a Memorial for Hinchliffe held at Beaconsfield in London in 2012, and from the ongoing process of collecting and finding a safe space to house the Hinchliffe archive. The Memorial was filmed by Matt Page. Subsequently, more live footage of Ian performing across the 1970's, 80's and 90's was discovered and fellow artists and curators were interviewed. This film is a compilation of all these things and offers an introduction to the strange and wonderful world of Ian Hinchliffe.
Split Britches : lesbian practice/feminist performance
Seven for the price of one : accumulating value
Ana Mendieta, Earth body : sculpture and performance, 1972 - 1985 : [in conjunction with the Exhibition Ana Mendieta: Earth Body, Sculpture and Performance 1972 - 1985 ; Whitney Museum of American Art, New York: July 1 - September 19, 2004 ... Miami Art Museum: October 7, 2005 - January 15, 2006]
Emergency Index Volume 2 includes contributions from artists, poets, scholars, activists, advertisers, computer scientists, theater ensembles and filmmakers presenting more than 300 performances made around the world in 2012.
Ivan E. Coyote and Rae Spoon are accomplished, award-winning writers, musicians, and performers; they are also both admitted "gender failures." In their first collaborative book, a poignant collection of autobiographical essays, lyrics, and images, Ivan and Rae explore and expose their failed attempts at fitting into the gender binary, and how ultimately our expectations and assumptions around traditional gender roles fail us all.
Throwing the Body into the Fight is the first English language publication dedicated to the choreographer and performance maker Raimund Hoghe (Germany). Curated and edited by Mary Kate Connolly, the publication operates as a collage, drawing together a variety of international voices to create a fragmented portrait of the artist.
Emergency index 2011
Zeit und Gegenzeit = Time and countertime
7 easy pieces
Gob Squad and the impossible attempt to make sense of it all : reader
What's Welsh for performance : an oral history of Performance Art in Wales 1968-2008 = Beth yw 'performance' yn Gymraeg?
Nongrata : art of the invisibles : performances 2008-2011
Everywhere and all at once : an anthology of writings on Performa 07
Covered in time and history : the films of Ana Mendieta
Heresy & provocation
Emergency index. Vol. 2, Documenting 2012
The 4th NIPAF Asian performance art series & NIPAF summer seminar document
Across a series of twelve in-depth interviews with a diverse range of major artists, Dominic Johnson presents a new oral history of performance art. From uses of body modification and physical extremity, to the creation of all-encompassing personae, to performance pieces lasting months or years, these artists have provoked and explored the vital limits between art and life. Their discussions with Johnson give us a glimpse of their artistic motivations, preoccupations, processes, and contexts. Despite the diversity of art forms and experiences featured, common threads weave between the interviews: love, friendship, commitment, death and survival. Each interview is preceded by an overview of the artist's work, and the volume itself is introduced by a thoughtful critical essay on performance art and oral history. The conversational tone of the interviews renders complex ideas and theoretical propositions accessible, making this an ideal book for students of Theatre and Performance, as well as for artists, scholars and general readers.
Liveartwork DVD : showcasing contemporary live art. Issue 10 Mar 2010.
Performance studies
Angry women
Visions of Excess was a non-stop, 12 hour voyage into the heart of darkness, a communion with the ragged spirit of Georges Bataille, exploring the philosophers key themes of death, eroticism and the forbidden. Curated by Ron Athey and Lee Adams and hosted by David Hoyle, the event featured live performances, installations, film screenings and DJs.
This is not a dream
Yoko Ono : have you seen the horizon lately?
Performance art in Ireland : a history
Performance art. Volume 1, Memoirs
Language aLive. One
Caught in the act : a look at contemporary multimedia performance
Artists in love : from Picasso & Gilot to Christo & Jeanne-Claude, a century of creative and romantic partnerships
Video documentation : Stations of the cross or The passion of Stuart
For Seven Easy Pieces Marina Abramović reenacted five seminal performance works by her peers, dating from the 1960's and 70's, and two of her own, interpreting them as one would a musical score. The project confronted the fact that little documentation exists from this critical early period and one often has to rely upon testimony from witnesses or photographs that show only portions of any given performance. The seven works were performed for seven hours each, over the course of seven consecutive days, November 9 -15, 2005 at the Guggenheim Museum, in New York City. Seven Easy Pieces examines the possibilities of representing and preserving an art form that is, by nature, ephemeral.
Exercises for rebel artists : radical performance pedagogy
Throwing the body into the fight : a Portrait of Raimund Hoghe
Fluxus Replayed
Rebecca Horn
The art of living : an oral history of performance art
Stelarc : the monograph
Artist body : performances 1969-1998
Extreme exposure : an anthology of solo performance texts from the twentieth century
Performance art : from futurism to the present
Performances from the 1960s
Cleaning the house
Vanessa Beecroft performances 1993-2003
In many ways, this book resembles a field survey by authors who are also active in their area of research; dealing with political, contextual and gender-related issues, it proposes an epistemology of performance art through an investigation of the means and methods of access to knowledge and understanding of this art form, its history and (living) memory, its current practice. This work represents a follow-up to the international symposium entitled "Performance Art: Life of the Archive and Topicality," organized by the Villa Arson and AICA France with the support of the Getty Research Institute; it investigates the definitions and status of performance art now that it has taken its rightful place within the extended field of the visual arts, leading to the current boom in performance re-enactments. The analyses proposed by the various specialist contributors - art critics, art historians, exhibition curators, philosophers and artists—are diverse and complementary but centered on an issue fundamental to performance art: the archive and the status of documents, photographs and objects that constitute or testify to performances.
Live forever : collecting live art
Nick Cave : meet me at the center of the earth
Video documentation : Brecht & assorted performances and films
The Future Show is a piece that tells the story of Deborah's future, starting from the end of the performance and going until the end of her life, that is consistently re-written to be both site and time specific. It is a Sisyphean task of a show, examining the mundane, the uncertain, and the fragility of our futures. The Future Show toured internationally for two years, with a new script written for every iteration. It has been performed in the USA, Canada, Belgium, Portugal, Poland, Ireland and throughout the UK. With an Introduction by Tim Etchells.
The Utsjoki - Rauma project : repositioning the role of the artist
The fall of Faust : considerations on contemporary art and art action
Hinch : a film about Ian Hinchliffe
The art of Nick Cave : new critical essays
Dangerous border crossers : the artist talks back
A woman who... : essays, interviews scripts
2. International Performance Festival Odense 8.-12.9.1999 : for eyes and ears
Contemporary Finnish performance art : interviews and interpretations
Performative monuments : the rematerialisation of public art
Notes about love in the city : Maus and Orlovski
Marina Abramović : the artist is present
Performance
Of pigs & lovers : a lone twin research companion
Nigel Rolfe live : photographs from work made live
Pleading in the blood : the art and performances of Ron Athey
Glorious catastrophe presents a detailed critical analysis of the work of Jack Smith from the early 1960s until his AIDS-related death in 1989. Dominic Johnson argues that Smith's work offers critical strategies for rethinking art's histories after 1960. Heralded by peers as well as later generations of artists, Smith is an icon of the New York avant-garde. Nevertheless, he is conspicuously absent from dominant histories of American culture in the 1960s, as well as from narratives of the impact that decade would have on coming years. Smith poses uncomfortable challenges to cultural criticism and historical analysis, which Glorious catastrophe seeks to uncover. The first critical analysis of Smith's practices across visual art, film, performance and writing, the study employs extensive, original archival research carried out in Smith's personal papers, and unpublished interviews with friends and collaborators. It will be essential reading for students and scholars interested in the life and art of Jack Smith, and the greater histories that he interrupts, including those of experimental arts practices, and the development of sexual cultures.
Liveartwork DVD : showcasing contemporary live art. Issue 11 Aug 2010.
Stuart Brisley
Joseph Beuys : Coyote
Much ado about "A nude, chocolate-smeared young woman". Strategies of persuasion in reviews of Karen Finley's performance piece 'We keep our victims ready'
Adrian Howells (1962-2014) was one of the world s leading figures in the field of one-to-one performance practice the act of staging an event for one audience participant at a time. Developed over more than a decade, Howells's award-winning work demonstrated not only his enduring commitment to this genre of performance, but also his determination to find new challenges and innovations in performance art, intimate theatre, and socially engaged art. "Its all allowed," edited by Deirdre Heddon and Dominic Johnson, is the first book devoted to Howells's remarkable achievements and legacy. Contributors here testify to the methodological, thematic, and historiographical challenges posed by Howells performances. Citing his permissive mantra as its title, "It's all allowed" includes new writing from leading scholars and artists, as well as writing by Howells himself, an extensive interview, scores, and visual materials, which together reveal new insight into Howells's groundbreaking process.
Day into night, or, How fluxus helped him to discover a personal archaeology ..
Video documentation : The eleventh spectacle (The erotic) & Portrait of Stuart Sherman
The National Review of Live Art
This is performance art
What's Live art in Finnish?
Performance art : life of the archive and topicality
The explicit body in performance
Video documentation : 10th, 11th & 12th spectacles and assorted films
Lois Weaver is one of the true pioneers in feminist and lesbian performance. The Only Way Home Is Through the Show explores her collaborative work with Split Britches and Spiderwoman as well as her solo projects, performance interventions, and work as a facilitator, teacher, and as Tammy WhyNot. It tells her story through hundreds of professional and personal photos and an extraordinary range of texts, from performance writing to critical commentary - all embellished with performance ephemera, personal memoir, and hand-written notes on methodologies. Featuring a wealth of material that has never previously been published, the book includes contributions from many of Weaver's key collaborators, old and new, and many of the most important feminist writers, photographers, and performance makers of the last forty years. The Only Way Home Is Through the Show is a guided tour of Lois Weaver's aesthetics, principles, inspirations, innovations, and desires.
Performance saga : video documentation from a series of three festivals in Bern, Lausanne and Basel, Switzerland featuring 26 artists. Disks 1 & 2
"Performance" has multiple and often overlapping meanings that signify a wide variety of social behaviors. In this invitation to reflect on the power of performance, Diana Taylor explores many of its uses and iterations: artistic, economic, sexual, political, and technological performance; the performance of everyday life; and the gendered, sexed, and racialized performance of bodies. This book performs its argument. Images and texts interact to show how performance is at once a creative act, a means to comprehend power, a method of transmitting memory and identity, and a way of understanding the world.
Includes 257 works from 37 countries, performed during 2012, documented in the words of their creators.
Off the mic : the world's best stand-up comedians get serious about comedy
Cruising the performative : interventions into the representation of ethnicity, nationality, and sexuality
