http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7010 meaning (philosophy)
meaning (philosophy)
Quality and concept
The complete encyclopedia of signs & symbols : identification and analysis of the visual vocabulary that formulates our thoughts and dictates our reactions to the world around us
The role of the critic : the functions of theatre criticism as applied to newspaper reviewing
Mind, meaning, and reality : essays in philosophy
Vocabulary instruction : research to practice
Toward a calculus of meaning : studies in markedness, distinctive features and deixis
Context-anchorage and handmaiden of meaning
Social media is bullshit
Models and metaphors : studies in language and philosophy
The word : black writers talk about the transformative power of reading and writing: interviews
Making social worlds : a communication perspective
Howards End is on the landing : a year of reading from home
The meaning of life
Culture, language and personality : selected essays
The republic of imagination : a case for fiction
What is this thing called philosophy of language?
Meaning and language: phenomenological perspectives
Events and semantic architecture
Tolstoy and the purple chair : my year of macigal reading
My reading life
Books always everywhere
Ritual invention : a play perspective on existential ritual and mental health in late modern Sweden
The meaning of history
The biblical world. Vol. 2
Color : a survey in words and pictures
Truth, meaning and realism : philosophical investigations
Belonging : a culture of place
Kirsti of Old Rauma
Seducing the demon : writing for my life
Research in the sociology of work. Vol. 5, The meaning of work
A user's guide to thought and meaning
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
Aboutness
In place, out of place : meaning of place and question on belonging for adult- third culture kids
Hollywood catwalk : exploring costume and transformation in American film
Meaning in language : an introduction to Semantics and Pragmatics
Meaning and truth in religion
Conversations on truth
Reframing information architecture
Semblance and signification
With the imagery of a poet and the reflection of a philosopher, David Whyte turns his attention to 52 ordinary words, each its own particular doorway into the underlying currents of human life. Beginning with Alone and closing with Work, each chapter is a meditation on meaning and context, an invitation to shift and broaden our perspectives on the inevitable vicissitudes of life: pain and joy, honesty and anger, confession and vulnerability, the experience of feeling besieged and the desire to run away from it all. Through this lens, procrastination may be a necessary ripening; hiding an act of freedom; and shyness the appropriate confusion and helplessness that accompanies the first stage of revelation. Consolations invites readers into a poetic and thoughtful consideration of words whose meaning and interpretation influence the paths we choose and the way we traverse them throughout our lives.
Throwing light on more serious problems without pronouncing a single serious phrase, giving into the thrill of the contemporary world whilst avoiding any realism - that is 'The Festival of Insignificance'. It can be considered a synthesis of all Kundera's work. A strange synthesis. A strange epilogue. A strange laugh, inspired by our era which is comic because it has lost all sense of humour.
The indestructible fairy tale : the role and meaning of fairy tales for adult women
The importance of animal diseases for trade, food and public health in an integrated Europe
The search for meaning : a short history
Introduction to philosophical problems
Psychology of the house
Borders and border regions in Europe and North America
The tiger that isn't : seeing through a world of numbers
Handbook of semantic word norms
"A young woman with a once-in-a-generation palate becomes the iconic chef behind the country's most coveted dinner reservation"--
Philosophy in a meaningless life : a system of nihilism, consciousness and reality
Dialectical theory of meaning
Meanings and other things : themes from the work of Stephen Schiffer
The festival of insignificance : a novel
Wisdom of trees
This space of writing
The meaning of sport
The nature of meaningfulness : representing, powers, and meaning
Meaning and modality
Sense and sense development
Museums and truth
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
ABC : art based communication
Translation studies : in search for vigour and relevance
Performing rites : on the value of popular music
There are many ways to picture the world - Australian 'x-ray' pictures, cubist collages, Amerindian split-style figures, and pictures in two-point perspective each draw attention to different features of what they represent. The premise of Understanding Pictures is that this diversity is the central fact with which a theory of figurative pictures must reckon. Lopes argues that identifying pictures' subjects is akin to recognizing objects whose appearances have changed over time. He develops a schema for categorizing the different ways pictures represent-the different kinds of meaning they have-and he contends that depiction's epistemic value lies in its representational diversity. He also offers a novel account of the phenomenology of pictorial experience, comparing pictures to visual prostheses like mirrors and binoculars. The book concludes with a discussion of works of art which have made pictorial meaning their theme, demonstrating the importance of the issues this book raises for understanding the aesthetics of pictures.
A nostalgic visit to heritage centres and museums
The construction of meaning
Constituent, confederate, and conquered space : the emergence of the Mittani state
The biblical world. Vol. 1
The luminous and the grey
Meaning, mind, and knowledge
Love 2.0 : how our supreme emotion affects everything we think, do, feel, and become
The blues of Blue Mythologies include those present in the world's religions, a robin's egg, science, slavery, gender, sex, art, literature and contemporary film. Carol Mavor's engaging and elegiac readings in this beautifully illustrated book are at once sociological, literary, historical and visual, taking the reader from the blue of a new-born baby's eyes to Giotto's frescoes at Padua, and from the films of Derek Jarman and Krzysztof Kieślowski to the islands of Venice and Aran.
Storied relationships : students recall their teachers
The news : a user's manual
Everything is happening : journey into a painting
The meaning of work
LifeTime : the quest for a definition of life
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
Mind-based media and communications technologies : how the form of symbolical information influences felt meaning
Having the world in view : essays on Kant, Hegel, and Sellars
Is there general sense of understanding?
Displacements of deconstruction : the deconstruction of metaphysics of presence, meaning, subject and method
How to have a Big Life : sharing simple secrets of success
Sphere semantics for aspect
LOVEscapes : changes in prototypical senses and cognitive metaphors since 1500
Common as air : revolution, art, and ownership
The photographic image in digital culture
Introducing the ancient Greeks
Tabloid headlines in mind : a frame for research
Should we burn Babar? : essays on children's literature and the power of stories
Rogerson's book of numbers
Explaining culture : the social pursuit of subjective order
Language in hand : why sign came before speech
Information services today : an introduction
The Meaning of Work for Immigrant Women Nurses in Finland
Missing person
The Kalevala as western culture in Finland and America
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
Possible-worlds ontology for semantic web
Exploring existential meaning : optimizing human development across the life span
Meaning and translation : philosophical and linguistic approaches
The reality of meaning & the meaning of 'reality'
Why poetry matters
Knowledge of meaning : an introduction to semantic theory
This report provides Association of College and Research Libraries (ACRL) leaders and the academic community with a clear view of the current state of the literature on value of libraries within an institutional context, suggestions for immediate "Next Steps" in the demonstration of academic library value, and a "Research Agenda" for articulating academic library value. Its focus is to help librarians understand, based on professional literature, the current answer to the question, "How does the library advance the missions of the institution?" This report is also of interest to higher educational professionals external to libraries, including senior leaders, administrators, faculty, and student affairs professionals.
Lexical inferencing in reading in English on the secondary level
Remembering place
Le Corbusier and the power of photography
Do We Need Real-Time Hermeneutics? Structures of Meaning in Games
Propositions and attitudes
Outline of a nominalist theory of propositions : an essay in the theory of meaning and in the philosophy of logic
Peter Gabriel : from Genesis to growing up
Music and meaning : opening minds in the caring and healing professions
Perplexities : rational choice, the prisoner's dilemma, metaphor, poetic ambiguity, and other puzzles
Meaning and reference
Metaphor
Under another sky : journeys in Roman Britain
Wired for culture : origins of the human social mind
Abstract: Order or autonomy? The concept of power in the Finnish constitutional debate of 1918.
Booked : literature in the soul of me
Philosophy of language : a contemporary introduction
Americanah
Consumers’ experiences of luxury : interpreting the luxuriousness of a brand
Troublesome words
The formation of Christian Europe : the Carolingians, baptism, and the imperium christianum
All that math : portraits of mathematicians as young readers : celebrating the Centennial of Real Sociedad Matemática Española
Eternal possibilities : a neutral ground for meaning and existence
Semantics and the philosophy of language
The virtues of the table : how to eat and think
The labyrinth of language
Buddhism and meaning : comparative assessment of Buddhist views on cognition, meaning, and language
Philosophical problems today. Vol. 2, Language, meaning, interpretation
Dying and creating : a search for meaning
Focusing on truth
Understanding pictures
An analysis of knowledge and valuation
Nietzsche's prophecy : the crisis in meaning
Piano performance in a semiotic key : society, musical canon and novel discourses
Talking about time in Russian and Finnish
A short book about art
Symbolism : its meaning and effect : Barbour-Page lectures, University of Virginia, 1927
Signs grow : semiosis and life processes
Toward quantification of meaning : an evaluation of the semantic differential technique
How the Temple thinks : identity and social cohesion in ancient Judaism
The meaning of art
The meaning of money in China and the United States : the 1986 Lewis Henry Morgan lectures
Developing a Tool to Measure Experiential Meaning of CaringTV® for the Elderly
Natural and conventional meaning : an examination of the distinction
Prospects for pragmatism : essays in memory of F. P. Ramsey
Philosophical perspectives. 4, Action theory and philosophy of mind
My life with things : the consumer diaries
"'Mind, Meaning, and reality' contains fifteen philosophical papers by D. H. Mellor, including a new defence of 'success semantics', and an introduction arguing that metaphysics can and need only be justified by doing it and not by a 'meta-metaphysics', which it needs no more than physics needs metaphysics. The papers are grouped into three parts. Part I is about how the ways we are disposed to act fixes what we believe and what we use language to mean. Part II is about what there is: the reality of dispositions: what makes beliefs and sentences true; why there is only one universe; and how social groups, and other things composed of parts, are related to the people and other things that constitute them. Part III is about time, and includes discussions of twentieth-century developments in the philosophy of time; why Kant was right about tense, even though he was wrong about time; why forward time-travel is trivial and backward time travel impossible; and what gives time its direction"--Publisher's description, p. [4] of dust jacket.
1000 songs to change your life
Beyond the grammar wars : a resource for teachers and students on developing language knowledge in the English/literacy classroom
Explanation and meaning : an introduction to philosophy
The semantic web and epistemic logic
The concept of meaninglessness
Kitchens of the great Midwest
Rousseau's rhetoric of 'Nature' : a study on discourse on inequality
The grammar of meaning : normativity and semantic discourse
Connotation and meaning
Meaning
Theory of meaning
Meaning and existence
Spreading the word : groundings in the philosophy of language
Directions in relevant logic
The elements of journalism : what newspeople should know and the public should expect
This book explores some of the fundamental yet most technical problems in philosophy, such as meaning and reference, semantics, and propositional attitudes. Some of its greatest exponents, including Gottlob Frege, Ludwig Wittgenstein and Bertrand Russell are amongst the major figures in the history of philosophy.
Blue mythologies : reflections on a colour
The sign of the cross : the gesture, the mystery, the history
Users of new technology : a discourse analysis of a new technology user
Meaning and interpretation : lectures delivered before the Philosophical Union of the University of California 1948-1949
The philosophy of argument and audience reception
Connotations in Kenneth Grahame's The wind in the willows and its Finnish translation
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Life purpose boot camp : the 8-week breakthrough plan for creating a meaningful life
Dimensions of leisure for life : individuals and society
Cross-national comparisons of color meaning
101 two-letter words
Introduction to recreation and leisure services
Consolations : the solace, nourishment and underlying meaning of everday words
Wittgenstein : a way of seeing
Knowing matters : how students address lack of knowledge in bilingual classroom interaction
Meaning scepticism
Not in ourselves, nor in our stars either
Meaning and use : papers presented at the second Jerusalem philosophical encounter, April 1976
Emma Borg examines the relation between semantics (roughly, features of the literal meaning of linguistic items) and pragmatics (features emerging from the context within which such items are being used), and assesses recent answers to the fundamental questions of how and where to draw the divide between the two. In particular, she offers a defence of what is commonly known as 'minimal semantics'. Minimal semantics, as the name suggests, wants to offer a minimal account of the interrelation between semantics and pragmatics. Specifically, it holds that while context can affect literal semantic content in the case of genuine (i.e. lexically or syntactically marked) context-sensitive expressions, this is the limit of pragmatic input to semantic content. On all other occasions where context of utterance appears to affect content, the minimalist claims that what it affects is not literal, semantic content but what the speaker conveys by the use of this literal content--it affects what a speaker says but not what a sentence means. As Borg makes clear, the minimalist must allow some contextual influence on semantic content, but her claim is that this influence can be limited to 'tame' pragmatics--the kind of rule-governed appeals to context which won't scare formally minded horses. 'Pursuing Meaning' aims to make good on this claim. The book also contains an overview of all the main positions in the area, clarification of its often complex terminology, and an exploration of key themes such as word meaning, mindreading, and the relationship between semantics and psychology.
Woodland cultures in time and space : tales from the past, messages for the future
Ritualization and human interiority
Wittgenstein on meaning : on interpretation and evaluation
Spatial analysis and social spaces : interdisciplinary approaches to the interpretation of prehistoric and historic built environments
Walking through the mountain landscape : cultural encounters, spatial knowledge and placed memories of guides on Mount Kenya
The use and abuse of literature
An inquiry into meaning & truth
Pacific : the ocean of the future
Paul Grice's heritage
The verbal icon : studies in the meaning of poetry
An inquiry into meaning and truth : the William James lectures for 1940 delivered at Harvard University
The risk of reading : how literature helps us to understand ourselves and the world
Summary: The verification-problem in the analysis of meaning in literature.
The engaged intellect : philosophical essays
The value of academic libraries : a comprehensive research review and report
