http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7017 artists
artists
Lovers at the Chameleon Club, Paris 1932 : a novel
Trained artists at the market place : an overview of the graduate-surveys
Of noble family
The Medici : power, money, and ambition in the Italian renaissance
Infinity net : the autobiography of Yayoi Kusama
Michelangelo, like Leonardo, was a man of many talents; sculptor, architect, painter and poet, he made the apotheosis of muscular movement, which to him was the physical manifestation of passion. He moulded his draughtsmanship, bent it, twisted it, and stretched it to the extreme limits of possibility. There are not any landscapes in Michelangelo's painting. All the emotions, all the passions, all the thoughts of humanity were personified in his eyes in the naked bodies of men and women. He rarely conceived his human forms in attitudes of immobility or repose. Michelangelo became a painter so that he could express in a more malleable material what his titanesque soul felt, what his sculptor's imagination saw, but what sculpture refused him. Thus this admirable sculptor became the creator, at the Vatican, of the most lyrical and epic decoration ever seen: the Sistine Chapel. The profusion of his invention is spread over this vast area of over 900 square metres. There are 343 principal figures of prodigious variety of expression, many of colossal size, and in addition a great number of subsidiary ones introduced for decorative effect. The creator of this vast scheme was only thirty-four when he began his work. Michelangelo compels us to enlarge our conception of what is beautiful. To the Greeks it was physical perfection; but Michelangelo cared little for physical beauty, except in a few instances, such as his painting of Adam on the Sistine ceiling, and his sculptures of the Pieta. Though a master of anatomy and of the laws of composition, he dared to disregard both if it were necessary to express his concept: to exaggerate the muscles of his figures, and even put them in positions the human body could not naturally assume. In his later painting, The Last Judgment on the end wall of the Sistine, he poured out his soul like a torrent. Michelangelo was the first to make the human form express a variety of emotions. In his hands emotion became an instrument upon which he played, extracting themes and harmonies of infinite variety. His figures carry our imagination far beyond the personal meaning of the names attached to them.
Civil liberties and the arts : selections from Twice a year, 1938-48
Art Inc : the essential guide for building your career as an artist
Tove Jansson : life, art, words : the authorised biography / Boel Westin ; translated by Silvester Mazzarella
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2015! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2015!
Lord of Emperors: book two of the Sarantine Mosaic
Diary : a novel
Forty-one false starts : essays on artists and writers
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec and his team of investigators are called in to the scene of a suspicious death in a rural village south of Montreal. Jane Neal, a local fixture in the tiny hamlet of Three Pines, just north of the U.S. border, has been found dead in the woods. The locals are certain it's a tragic hunting accident and nothing more, but Gamache smells something foul in these remote woods, and is soon certain that Jane Neal died at the hands of someone much more sinister than a careless bowhunter.--From publisher description.
The blue guitar
The political leaders, writers, artists and philosophers of ancient Greece turned a small group of city states into a pan-Mediterranean civilization, whose legacy can be found everywhere today. But who were these people, what do we know of their lives and how did they interact with one another? In this new history of Greece, David Stuttard takes an original approach, weaving together the lives of the movers and shakers of the Greek world into a continuous narrative, from the early tyrant rulers Peisistratus and Polycrates, through the stirrings of democracy under Cleisthenes to the emergence of Macedon under Philip II and Alexander the Great and the eventual decline of the Greek world with the rise of Rome.
Snapshots
When a Scot ties the knot
Nurmijärven taiteen & käsityön tekijät = The artists & craftsmen of Nurmijärvi
Self-portraits
The lake
Processing Romany Culture through Art
33 artists in 3 acts
10 artworks that changed the World
Contemporary art in Singapore
Information doesn't want to be free : laws for the Internet age
The Pre-Raphaelites
Patti Smith tells real and imagined stories from her childhood.
The marriage of opposites : a novel based on the life of Rachel Pizzarro
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
Muses from chaos and ash : AIDS, artists, and art
Videogames and art
Imagining a new society : public painting as politics in postwar Finland
Glimpses from the history of travel among artists
Who's who in art : biographies of leading men end women in the world of art today - artists, designers, craftsmen, critics, writers, teachers, collectors and curators,with appendices of signatures
From an artist into an art researcher
Ilkka Juhani Takalo-Eskola : Tampereen nykytaiteen museo : The Museum of Modern Art Tampere : 21.11.1987-10.1.1988
Contemporary identities of creativity and creative work
A powerful tale of love, grief and survival, perfect for fans of Cecelia Ahern, Lucy Dillon and Miranda Dickinson. In the small Cornish town of Talting, everyone is known for something. Up to the age of twenty-four, artist Rose Walker was known for lots of things: her infectious positivity; her unique artistic talent; her second-to-none cookery skills; and, of course, her devotion to childhood sweetheart and husband Lucas. But, two years ago, all of that changed in one, unthinkable moment. Now, Rose is known for being a young woman who became a widow aged just twenty-five. Rose knows that life must - should - go on. But the prospect of trying to carve out a future for herself is one she can still barely entertain. Until a newcomer, Robert Green, arrives in Talting for the summer... Can Rose allow herself the chance to love again? Get lost in Victoria Walters' immensely touching debut novel, and discover a world that will capture your imagination and heart.
Taiteilijamuotokuvat : vaistoava taiteilija = Artist portraits : the art of seeing beyond / Vibeke Waallann Hansen
Ilmatar, the Ether's daughter
Taiteen siivin : kirja kotiseutumme taiteesta = On wings of art : a look at the history, artistic achievements and impressions of the Tuusula lake area as seen by its artists
Who's who in art : biographies of leading men end women in the world of art today - artists, designers, craftsmen, critics, writers, teachers,collectors and curators,with appendices of signatures
An index of early Chinese painters and paintings : T'ang, Sung and Yüan
The art of deception
The Inspired garden : twenty-four artists share their vision
Glamour in glass
A history of ancient Greece in fifty lives
Taiteen kielet = Konstens språk = The languges of art
Grafiikan paja = Graphic workshop
Contemporary artists
Illustrious immigrants : the intellectual migration from Europe 1930-41
Our hidden heritage : five centuries of women artists
P.S.1 : the Italian studio programme 2000-2002
Sju unga polacker i Malmö Konsthall = Seven young Poles at Malmö Konsthall
Branding Artists and Arts organizations : turn your brand into a destination you want to be
A Tour of Works by Deaf Artists
Műhely workshop : a Pécsi Tudományegyetem művészeti kar doktori iskola története és műtárgykatalógusa = the history and catalogue of artworks of the doctoral school of the faculty of music and visual arts, university of Pécs 1991- 2012
Direct state support for individual artists
Shades of milk and honey
The woman upstairs : a novel
Creative workers have been celebrated internationally for their flexibility in new labour markets centred on culture, creativity and, most recently, innovation. This book draws on research with novice and established workers in a range of specializations in order to explore the meanings, aspirations and practical difficulties associated with a creative identification. It investigates the difficulties and attractions of creative work as a personalized, affect-laden project of self-making, perpetually open and oriented to possibility, uncertain in its trajectory or rewards. Employing a cross-disciplinary methodology and analytic approach, the book investigates the new cultural meanings in play around a creative career. It shows how classic ideals of design and the creative arts, re-interpreted and promoted within contemporary art schools, validate the lived experience of precarious working in the global sectors of the creative and cultural industries, yet also contribute to its conflicts. "Contemporary Identities of Creativity and Creative Work" presents a distinctive study and original findings which make it essential reading for social scientists, including social psychologists, with an interest in cultural and media studies, creativity, identity, work and contemporary careers.
Georgia O'Keeffe
You can be lonely anywhere, but there is a particular flavor to the loneliness that comes from living in a city, surrounded by thousands of strangers. The Lonely City is a roving cultural history of urban loneliness, centered on the ultimate city: Manhattan, that teeming island of gneiss, concrete, and glass. What does it mean to be lonely? How do we live, if we're not intimately involved with another human being? How do we connect with other people, particularly if our sexuality or physical body is considered deviant or damaged? Does technology draw us closer together or trap us behind screens? Olivia Laing explores these questions by travelling deep into the work and lives of some of the century's most original artists, among them Andy Warhol, David Wojnarowicz, Edward Hopper, Henry Darger and Klaus Nomi. Part memoir, part biography, part dazzling work of cultural criticism, The Lonely City is not just a map, but a celebration of the state of loneliness. It's a voyage out to a strange and sometimes lovely island, adrift from the larger continent of human experience, but visited by many - millions, say - of souls.
Off Nevsky Prospekt : life among Leningrad's unofficial artists
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2016! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2016!
An artist in glass and light, Angel has loved with passion and fire -- and learned the true depths of sadness when what she loved was taken from her. When she first meets Miles Hawkins -- a solitary, distant man -- their mutual mistrust seems insurmountable. Hawk has never known what Angel has freely enjoyed, having experienced only cruelty and betrayal from the women in his life. But Angel is willing to risk everything that proud, silent Hawk cannot, as she strives to bring truth and love to a tormented soul who believes in neither. Yet giving her heart again could be a gamble with stakes too high and too painful for her to endure -- for she fears that, by loving Hawk, she will surely lose him.
At work : twenty-five contemporary chinese artists
The modern Irish art collection
A woman without lies
Daily rituals : how great minds make time, find inspiration, and get to work
Abakanowicz. Organic structures : Malmö Konsthall 26.2.-11.4. 1977.
The feud that sparked the renaissance : how Brunelleschi and Ghiberti changed the art world
Ateneum. 1995 : Valtion taidemuseon museojulkaisu = Statens konstmuseums årsskrift = The Finnish National Gallery bulletin
Performance Psychology : Perception, Action, Cognition, and Emotion
Following the flows of process : a new materialist account of contemporart art
"To celebrate the rise of their new queen, three goddesses of the moon created three stars, one of fire, one of ice, one of water. But then they fell from the sky, putting the fate of all worlds in danger. And now three women and three men join forces to pick up the pieces... Sasha Riggs is a reclusive artist, haunted by dreams and nightmares that she turns into extraordinary paintings. Her visions lead her to the Greek island of Corfu, where five others have been lured to seek the fire star. Sasha recognizes them, because she has drawn them: a loner. All on a quest. All with secrets. Sasha is the one who holds them together the seer. And in the magician, Bran Killian, she sees a man of immense power and compassion. As Sasha struggles with her rare ability, Bran is there to support her, challenge her, and believe in her. But Sasha and Bran are just two of the six. And they all must work together as a team to find the fire star in a cradle of land beneath the sea. Over their every attempt at trust, unity, and love, a dark threat looms. And it seeks to corrupt everything that stands in its way of possessing the stars."Provided by publisher.
The Osamu Tezuka story : a life in manga and anime
The artist's mind : a psychoanalytic perspective on creativity, modern art and modern artists
Confess
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
Künstlerbürgertum : the social spheres of Berliner actors in the years 1815-1848
100 Masterpieces in colour
The unspoken truth
Graffiti planet : the best graffiti from around the world
The lone samurai : the life of Miyamoto Musashi
Love in Strasbourg : Eduard Wiiralt
Stars of fortune
The ethical dilemma of mobility
Night of the golden butterfly
Incite 4, Relax, Restore, Renew : the Best of Mixed Media
Interviews with american artists
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
The sun on a summer evening at six
Ivar Arosenius : akvareller/watercolours
The American
Abstract.
Techniques of the world`s great painters
Benefit-oriented socially engaged art : two cases of social work experiment
The map and the territory
Werewolves of Montpellier
The second love of my life
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Why and how to define an artist? : types of definitions and their implications for empirical research results
Travelling in a palimpsest : Finnish nineteenth-century painters' encounters with Spanish art and culture
The sunlit night
European art of the fifteenth century
The Russian museum : Painting
The ten thousand things : a novel
An enthralling journey through 40,000 years of art, from prehistoric cave paintings right up to the present day. Discover artists and their art around the world, in exciting and imaginative tales about artists and the way they created their work. Written by educator and art historian Michael Bird, and illustrated by Kate Evans, the book also features reproductions of the famous artworks discussed, a comprehensive timeline of events, and extra feature spreads on places connected with art. This is a beautiful and engaging introduction to art for any home or school library.
The hundred-year house
Drawn to art : a nineteenth-century American dream
The artist's way workbook
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Surrealism
The lonely city : adventures in the art of being alone
Great artists
The house at the end of Hope Street
The curator as a conceptual artist
Outi Heiskanen : Helsingin juhlaviikot = Helsingfors festspel = Helsinki Festival : vuoden taiteilija = årets konstnär = artist of the year : 14.8.-14.9.1986 : Helsingin taidehalli = Helsingfors konsthall = Helsinki Art Exhibition Hall
Great thinkers
Measuring music artist success
She's a starving artist and he's a billionaire playboy. Siobhan came to New York with a purpose: she wants to become a successful artist. To pay her bills in the meantime, she's the hostess at The Stone Room, a bar for the beautiful and the billionaires. She was fine with being on her own until tech billionaire Derick takes her breath away.
Avery Bardot steps off the plane in Rome, looking for a fresh start. She's left behind a soon-to-be ex-husband in Boston and plans to spend the summer with her best friend Daisy, licking her wounds and perhaps a gelato or two. When her American-expat friend throws her a welcome party on her first night, Avery's thrown for a loop when she sees Italian architect Marcello Bianchi - the man who got away. And now her past is colliding with her present, a present where she should be mourning the loss of her marriage and - hey, that fettuccine is delicious! And so is Marcello.
Interviews, conversations, and chit-cat (1986-2004) : [with a. A. Bronson, Larry Clark, Kim Gordon, Thurston Moore, Jutta Koether, Harmony Korine, Tony Oursler, Richard Prince, Jim Shaw, Michael Smith, Jeffrey Sconce, John Waters, and John C. Welchman]
Immigrant artists' intercultural identity formation and development process through art making
Ilkka Juhani Takalo-Eskola : Tampereen nykytaiteen museo : 21.11.1987-10.1.1988 = The Museum of Modern Art Tampere
Vincent's starry night and other stories : a children's history of art
Erotic ambiguities : the female nude in art
An object of desire already lost : part 1.
Robert Smithson : a retrospective view = Robert Smithson : retrospektiivinen näyttely : Sara Hildénin taidemuseo Tampere, Finland
Sculptor's daughter : a childhood memoir
"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Dovekeepers and The Museum of Extraordinary Things: a forbidden love story set on the tropical island of St. Thomas about the extraordinary woman who gave birth to painter Camille Pissarro the Father of Impressionism"-- Provided by publisher
Early Sámi visual artists : Western fine art meets Sámi culture
The marble faun; or, The romance of Monte Beni
TAiR : Tartu artist in residence programme : "bohemian but traditional"
Who's who in art
Paint or pixel : the digital divide in illustration art
13 modern artists children should know
Keep you close
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
"Do you remember the idea of like being like just I don't know who you are" : the discursive construction of M.I.A's alternative artist identity on QTV interview and its authentication in YouTube commentary
Our tattoos : the best tattoos from the world's best artists. Vol. 4
Paul Nash
A piece of the world : A Novel
Suomen piirustustaide Schaumanista Rantaseen : Finnish drawings from Schauman to Rantanen
Supporting yourself as an artist : a practical guide
Moonlight Masquerade : a novel
Beware the creeper
Nothing if not critical : selected essays on art and artists
Girl reading
The girl and the gorilla
Fallout : a novel
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
Jack and the beanstalk
50 Jewish artists you should know
Confess : a novel
Woolgathering
The unfinished novel and other stories
The jive talker : an artist's genesis : a memoir / Samson Kambalu
The discursive construction of authenticity : resources, scales and polycentricity in Finnish hip hop culture
