http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7023 foreign travel
foreign travel
Japanese tourism : spaces, places and structures
Accidental traders : Finnish tourists in the Soviet Union in the 1950s-1970s
Republic of Korea
Working in tourism : the UK, Europe & beyond : for seasonal and permanent staff
English summaries: Essays in the history of tourism.
Expatriate hotel professionals in China : case Beijing
The Russian outbound travel market with special insight into the image of Europe as a destination
Australia
Tourism market trends : Europe
How to cater better to the needs of Chinese tourists
A guide to living abroad
Travel with children : family-friendly travel without the fuss
Packaging Thailand : travelling trends of finnish target group
An analytical study on China`s outbound travel to Finland : Levi Holiday Resort/Levi Travel Ltd
The Chinese outbound travel market with special insight into the image of Europe as a destination
Victorian writing about risk : imagining a safe England in a dangerous world
Advances in modern tourism research : economic perspectives
Ruinair : how to be treated like shite in 15 different countries ... and still quite like it
Chinese experiencing Finland and Germany driven by cultural shaped motivations
A dictionary of British and Irish travellers in Italy, 1701-1800
Marketing in the tourism industry : the promotion of destination regions
Finnish Travel
VFR Travel Research : international perspectives
Cold War crossings : international travel and exchange across the Soviet bloc, 1940s-1960s
Americans as international travelers : focus on Finland
Long-distance tourism is going places
China's outbound tourism has experienced tremendous growth in recent years. The fact that the Chinese outbound market is a very valuable market, not only because of its size, but also due to the shopping behavior of Chinese tourists, provides the background and rationale for this thesis.  Finland is still mainly seen as only a convenient gateway rather than a single destination for the Chinese tourists. Up to two thirds of the Chinese tourists that pass through Helsinki continue onwards to other destinations; the rest that stop in the city remain only a few nights.     The development of increasingly appealing travel products is the challenge that Helsinki faces today. The ultimate goal is to attract new Chinese tourists to Helsinki and Radisson SAS Seaside and keep the current ones satisfied enough to come back. In order for the products to be appealing, they must be adapted to the specific needs of Chinese tourists. This thesis aims to gain a better understanding of Chinese tourists, so that services and travel products could be adapted to their specific needs.     Radisson SAS Seaside hotel has noticed the demand. At the end of the study recommendations are given to the hotel on how it can better cater for the needs and expectations of its Chinese customers. Suggestions are given on: How can existing services be improved? How can new appealing travel products be built?    The theoretical background takes a look into the history, development and main characteristics of Chinese outbound tourism. The underlying cultural values behind the behaviour of Chinese tourists are presented. Drawing from former research both in Finland and elsewhere, the key characteristics of Chinese tourists are described.    The interests and opinions of 205 Chinese hotel guests were measured at Radisson SAS hotel during the summer of 2007. A structured questionnaire consisting of three sections was used as the research instrument. The data was thoroughly analyzed by descriptive techniques of frequency and mean scores.    The results show that the most popular activities were those related to Finnish lifestyle and nature: such as a stroll in the woods, dining at a Finnish home and a summer cottage experience. Out of the top ten, six of were focused around nature. The results also show that the Chinese want to learn about and experience the Finnish way of life in a deeper way, so emphasis should be placed on this when possible new travel products are created. Out of all the 19 activities and experiences introduced in the questionnaire, the ten that were most appealing to the Chinese tourists could be used to make new travel products at Radisson SAS Seaside. The travel products should be flexible in nature: each experience could be sold as a separate product or the guests could mix and match according to their own like. The packages could also vary in length or in depth of experience. Suggestions are also given on how the hotel can improve its existing services for the Chinese.
Marketing of adventure travels  : Destination South-America
International travel and health : situation as on 1 January 2012
Marketing of adventure travels : destination South-America
Gap years for grown ups
Ultimate travelist : the 500 best places on the planet ... ranked
Vocational A-level travel and tourism
The Scandinavian sporting tour : a case study in geographical imagology
World's best travel experiences : 400 extraordinary places
Tourism in China : geographical, political, and economic pespectives
Tourism today : a geographical analysis
International travel and health : situation as on 1 January 2002
Internationell turistordbok = Dictionnaire touristique international
Kipling abroad : traffics and discoveries from Burma to Brazil
Traveling light : new paths for international tourism
Your gap year : everything you need to know to make your year out the adventure of a lifetime
Abstract: Packaging Thailand: travelling trends of finnish target group.
Role of experience in leisure travel behaviour
International travel and health : situation as on 1 January 2010
The Business of Tour Operations
Wish you were here
Thailand
Travel with Children : The Essential Guide for Travelling Families
Tourism market trends : Europe : final edition
Tourism planning : policies, processes and relationships
Tourism market trends : world overview & tourism topics
Introduction to travel and tourism : an international approach
Bon voyage! : an oblique glance at the world of tourism = Ungewöhnliche Einbulicke in die Welt des Tourismus = regard inhabituel sur le monde du tourisme
International tourism : Salo area as a case study
Finnish travel 1991
Chinese outbound tourism
The Indian outbound travel market with special insight into the image of Europe as a destination
China has been growing constantly over the past years; especially the "Open Door Policy" created opportunities and enabled the country to gain power. Unsurprisingly, the hospitality and tourism industry do not stay untouched by this event. Therefore China's outbound tourism and the affect it has on the European hospitality will be the topic of this thesis.     The objective of this research was to identify trends and changes in China's outbound tourism. From this point the research had to take two different directions to serve the complexity of the subject matter. Firstly, it needed to be clarified how China's outbound tourism had changed over the past years. Further cultural and social aspects needed to be studied in order to understand the influence they have on the travel behaviour of Chinese. These questions had been answered by the means of an extensive literature review.     Secondly, an investigation of the current situation in European hotels allowed to confront theory with a real life situation, as well as to identify the impact the growing number of Chinese travellers has on the European hospitality industry. For this reason fifteen hotel managers in Cologne had been interviewed by telephone.      Thirdly, a survey questioning Chinese about their motivations and expectations established the link between both directions. In other words the connection between trends, cultural development and the hospitality's position in this interaction had been entrenched.     The literature review as well as the telephone interviews showed that the trend, the growing number of Chinese guests, has not reached European hotels yet. The shift away from the mass tourism in terms of ADS groups to sophisticated individual travellers had been proven by the literature review as well as the questionnaire amongst Chinese. Further the four realms of the Experience Economy have been identified and underline this trend in the Chinese outbound tourism. Meaning that the Chinese travellers are still interested in luxury shopping, but experiencing Europe and its culture in all its facets has come to the fore. Besides, it needs to be acknowledged that the Chinese culture is still deeply anchored in the peoples' mentality and influences their travel behaviour as well as buying decision process.
The big trip : your ultimate guide to gap years and overseas adventures
Foreign tourism up 60 % in four years : 100,000 foreigners stay overnight in Oulu
Finnish tourist motivations in choosing Turkey as a holiday destination
Managing educational tourism
How to spend a year abroad
Where the locals go : more than 300 places around the world to eat, play, shop, celebrate, and relax
Tiettyä magnetismia : [Lönnströmin taidemuseossa 7.6. - 28.9.2003] = A certain magnetism : [at the Lönnström art Museum 7.6. - 28.9. 2003] / [toimitus = editors: Kati Kivimäki, Arja Roivanen]
Chinese outbound tourism 2.0
New horizons : world guide
How to spend a year abroad : taking time out from study or work
Contemporary tourism : diversity and change
Tourism, performance and the everyday : consuming the Orient
An empirical study into tourists' cognitive choice structure : Finland's perceived competitive position as a travel destination
Tourism and hotel development in China : from political to economic success
Issues in modern and postmodern tourism
Study for the Demand of Nature Tourism in Northern Finland for Chinese Tourists
"Booming Mainland Chinese outbound travel is one of the most exciting phenomena in the world tourism industry's recent history. Between 1994 and 2013, the number of outbound trips by Mainland Chinese citizens rose 16 fold from 6.1 million to 98.2 million. China is not only the world's fastest growing source market, but now the largest source market in terms of both visitation amount and travel spending. Today's Chinese tourists are more confident, technologically savvy, value conscious, and ready to explore unfamiliar territory. For tourism marketers and researchers who are getting ready to or just celebrated their initial "west-meets-east" moments, a new wave of Chinese tourists are showing up at their door and presenting new challenges for marketing and the provision of service. In this book, leading authors from around the world share their most cutting-edge findings and thoughts on the Chinese outbound travel market and these tourists. The book reflects on the paths of Chinese outbound travel development, reports new trends and issues, and provides new insights and recommendations. For practitioners around the world, such as destination policymakers and marketers, travel and tourism service providers, owners, and managers, this book will provide hands-on guidance on understanding tourists from Mainland China. For tourism scholars, educators, and students, this book provides basic yet essential knowledge on Chinese outbound travel market and tourist behavior and points out important future directions. This book would also be excellent supplemental reading for students in international tourism classes."--
Wine tourism around the world : development, management and markets
The idea of Europe in British travel narratives, 1789-1914
MICE outbound tourism : 2000.
The international marketing of travel and tourism : a strategic approach
Determinants of Finnish households' travel participation in 1985 and 2006
The essential handbook of caravanning & trailer tenting
