http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7027 astrology
astrology
History of Western astrology. vol. 1, Ancient and classical worlds
Ptolemy's Tetrabiblos in the translation of William of Moerbeke : Claudii Ptolemaei Liber iudicialium
Planets in aspect : understanding your inner dynamics
Stonehenge : mysteries of the stones and landscape
Zodiac calendars in the Dead Sea scrolls and their reception : ancient astronomy and astrology in early Judaism
Magic and divination in early Islam
The tarot oracle : tarot cards, runes, palmistry, numerology, I Ching, crystals, tea leaves
Hindu astrology : myths symbols and realities
Tibetan astrology
Moonology : working with the magic of lunar cycles
Nine Star Ki : feng shui astrology for deepening self-knowledge and enhancing relationships, health, and prosperity
The nakshatras : the lunar mansion of vedic astrology
Hymns to ancient gods
The planets
The Aztec book of destiny : with 370 original illustrations by the author
The Chinese astrology bible:  the definitive guide to using the chinese zodiac
Life signs : let the power of the stars guide you to success
Astrological patterns : the key to self-discovery
Cardano : the gambling scholar
Hindu astrology lessons : 36 teachers share their wisdom
Ptolemy's Tetrabiblos : or Quadripartite, being four books of the influence of the stars : newly translated from the Greek paraphrase of Proclus with a preface, explanatory notes and an appendix containing extracts from the Almagest of Ptolemy and the whole of his Centiloquy together with a short notice of Mr. Ranger's zodiacal planisphere and an explanatory plate
Cardano's cosmos : the worlds and works of a Renaissance astrologer
Astrology : the celestial mirror
English almanacs, astrology & popular medicine, 1550-1700
Dr. Ernest Drake's Monsterology : the complete book of fabulous beasts
The handbook of Chinese horoscopes
Stars over Europe
Wo shu zhu = I was born in the year of the pig
The secrets of Nostradamus : the Medieval code of the Master revealed in the age of computer science
Jaimini sutram of Maharshi Jaimini
Isis Sophia. 3, Our relationship with the stars
The healing power of gemstones in tantra, ayrveda & astrology : Harish Johari
Riddle of the aquarian age
Astrology of the seers : a guide to vedic/hindu astrology
Lucifer rising : British intelligence and the occult in the Second World War
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 8, Astrological reports to Assyrian kings
"Despite its popular association today with magic, astrology was once a complex and sophisticated practice, grounded in technical training provided by a university education. The Crown and the Cosmos examines the complex ways that political practice and astrological discourse interacted at the Habsburg court, a key center of political and cultural power in early modern Europe. Like other monarchs, Maximilian I used astrology to help guide political actions, turning to astrologers and their predictions to find the most propitious times to sign treaties or arrange marriage contracts. Perhaps more significantly, the emperor employed astrology as a political tool to gain support for his reforms and to reinforce his own legitimacy as well as that of the Habsburg dynasty. Darin Hayton analyzes the various rhetorical tools astrologers used to argue for the nobility, antiquity, and utility of their discipline, and how they strove to justify their 'science' on the grounds that through its rigorous interpretation of the natural world, astrology could offer more reliable predictions. This book draws on extensive printed and manuscript sources from archives across northern and central Europe, including Poland, Germany, France, and England"--
Levi ben Gerson's prognostication for the conjunction of 1345
The history and practice of magic
A Companion to Astrology in the Renaissance
This is the first edition ever of Moerbeke's Latin translation of Ptolemy's celebrated astrological handbook, known under the title Tetrabiblos or Quadripartitum (opus). Ptolemy's treatise (composed after 141 AD) offers a systematic overview of astrological science and had, together with his Almagest, an enormous influence up until the 17th century. In the Latin Middle Ages the work was mostly known through translations from the Arabic. William of Moerbeke's translation was made directly from the Greek and it is a major scholarly achievement manifesting not only Moerbeke's genius as a translator, but also as a scientist. The edition is accompanied by extensive Greek-Latin indices, which give evidence of Moerbeke's astonishing enrichment of the Latin vocabulary, which he needed both to translate the technical scientific vocabulary and to cope with the many new terms Ptolemy created. The introduction examines Moerbeke's translation method and situates the Latin translation within the tradition of the Greek text. This edition makes possible a better assessment of the great medieval translator and also contributes to a better understanding of the Greek text of Ptolemy's masterwork.
Prophecy
Astrology and cosmology in early China : conforming earth to heaven
Earth medicine : revealing hidden teachings of the native American medicine wheel
Early Christianity and ancient astrology
Karmic astrology : the karma of the now. Vol. 4.
Vedic astrology simply put : an illustrated guide to the astrology of ancient India
Hands across time : the soulmate enigma
The sacred history : how angels, mystics and higher intelligence made our world
A history of magic and experimental science. Volume 4, Fourteenth and fifteenth centuries
Architecture / Astrology
Astrology and psychological warfare during World War II
The 12 Chinese animals : create harmony in your daily life through ancient Chinese wisdom
History of Western astrology. vol.1. Ancient and classical worlds
Vita vigilia est : essays in honour of Barbara Levick
Guide to the occult and mysticism
Astrology decoded : a step-by-step guide to using astrology
The divine plot : astrology, reincarnation, cosmology and history
Hebrew medical astrology : David Ben Yom Tov, Kelal Qaṭan : original Hebrew text, medieval Latin translation, modern English translation
Cosmic loom : the new science of astrology
The impact of Arabic sciences in Europe and Asia
Bad birthdays : the truth behind your crappy sun sign
Astrology
Planets in transit : life cycles for living
Verzeichnis astrologischer und mythologischer illustrierter Handschriften des lateinischen Mittelalters = Catalogue of astrological and mythological illuminated manuscripts of the Latin Middle Ages. 3: 1, Handschriften in englischen Bibliotheken = Manuscripts in English libraries : The manuscripts
Financial fortune in the stars : certain eclipses do seem to influence money market fluctuations
Vettius Valens of Antioch : an intellectual monography
The fixed stars and constellations in astrology
Studies in Jaimini astrology
Rtsis rigs sna tshogs nyer mkho phyogs bsdebs : A compendium of astrological texts used in Tibetan Buddhism
Isis Sophia. 1, Introducing astrosophy : monthly astronomical letters April 1944 - March 1946
Mesopotamian Divination Texts : Conversing with the Gods : Sources from the First Millennium BCE
Your secret self : illuminating the mysteries of the Twelfth House
Astrology in medieval manuscripts
The secret language of birthdays : unique personality guides for each day of the year
Verzeichnis astrologischer und mythologischer illustrierter Handschriften des lateinischen Mittelalters = Catalogue of astrological and mythological illuminated manuscripts of the Latin Middle Ages. 3: 2, Handschriften in englischen Bibliotheken = Manuscripts in English libraries
Death in transit
Chinese mathematical astrology : reaching out to the stars
Disclosure and discretion in Roman astrology : Manilius and his Augustan contemporaries
Mesopotamian astrology : an introduction to Babylonian and Assyrian celestial divination
The complete guide to Chinese astrology : the most comprehensive study of the subject ever published in the english language
The astrologer's handbook
Reading the human body : physiognomics and astrology in the Dead Sea Scrolls and Hellenistic-early Roman period Judaism
The complete astrological handbook for the twenty-first century : understanding and combining the wisdom of Chinese, Tibetan, Vedic, Arabian, Judaic, and western astrology
Divination is one of the best documented intellectual and religious endeavours of Ancient Mesopotamia. Texts pertaining to divination appear already at the beginning of the 2nd millennium BCE and the tradition continued up until the very end of cuneiform culture. But the lifespan of Mesopotamian divination is much longer than two millennia. It gestated in the 3rd millennium and remnants live on to this day in astrology and astronomy. This volume is dedicated to the sources from the 1st millennium. They are rich and varied, consisting of technical and theoretical works, explanatory texts, commentaries as well as ephemeral sources for the practical use of divination in the life of king and commoner. From being the preserves of a very few specialists, divination has become an important topic of study with new text editions and studies appearing every year, this book provides a survey of the sources, as well as an introduction to the history, theory and practice of the various divination genres.
Isis Sophia. 2, An outline of a new star wisdom
Astrology and jyotirvidya : the fundamental principles and the systems of prognosis
The duke and the stars : astrology and politics in Renaissance Milan
From astral omens to astrology from Babylon to Bīkāner
Astrology : mundane and spiritual
The encyclopedia of astrology
Fundamentals of Hindu astrology
A history of western astrology
The circle of stars
Esoteric psychology. 2
Esoteric psychology. 1
The living universe and the new millennium : lectures
The secret language of the stars and planets : a visual key to celestial mysteries
Anthroposophy and astrology : the astronomical letters of Elisabeth Vreede
"Did you know the cycles of the moon have a huge effect on our health, our mood, our relationships, and our work? By understanding these phases, we can work with them to improve and empower every aspect of our lives. In Moonology, world-renowned astrologist Yasmin Boland unveils: why connecting with the moon can change your life for the better; powerful rituals and ceremonies for each moon phase; how the moon connects us to nature and the cosmos; how to work out where the moon is in each cycle; international New Moon and Full Moon dates for the next 10 years. You will also learn affirmations, visualizations, and chants to use during each phase of the moon, and will discover the role of Angels, Goddesses, and Ascended Masters during the New and Full Moons. This is a book for all those wishing to deepen their connection with nature and take their spiritual practice to a new level."--Publisher's information.
Astrology : from ancient Babylon to the present
Astral magic in Babylonia
Ancient astrology
The book of the moon
A brief history of ancient astrology
Scams from the great beyond : how to make easy money off of ESP, astrology, UFOs, crop circles, cattle mutilations, alien abductions, Atlantis, channeling, and other New Age nonsense
Kabalistic astrology : being the hebraic method of divination by the power of sound, number, and planetary influence
Parapsychology : the science of unusual experience
The third level of reality : a unified theory of the paranormal
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to the technopagans
Agamben and the signature of astrology : spheres of potentiality
The 1999 guide to Feng Shui and Chinese astrology
Art and symbols of the occult
Why people don't heal and how they can
Astrology and religion among the Greeks and Romans
Wisdom in the stars
Babylonian horoscopes
The crown and the cosmos : astrology and the politics of Maximilian I
How to practice Mayan astrology : the Tzolkin calendar and your life path
Sacred contracts : awakening your divine potential
Astro-logos : revelations of a Hindu astrologer
The Mayan prophecy 2012 : The Mayan calendar and the end of time
Esoteric astrology
The book of secrets : esoteric societies and holy orders, luminaries and seers, symbols and rituals, and the key concepts of occult sciences through the ages and around the world
The 2012 story : the myths, fallacies, and thruth behind the most intriguing date in history
Astrology, Aleister and aeon
The secret language of birthdays : personology profiles for each day of the year
Superscience : explaining the paranormal
Astrological prognoses for the year 2010
Astrology for lovers
An etymological study of the english terminology of astrology
Predictive astrology : understanding transits as the key to the future
The science of astrology. by H. A. Hartley
Light on life : an introduction to the astrology of India
Astrologers and their clients in medieval and early modern Europe
Astrology : a history
Tong Sing : the Chinese book of wisdom
2012 in your pocket
The greatness of Saturn : a therapeutic mythic
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 1.
Relationships & life cycles : modern dimensions of astrology
