http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7033 apartheid
apartheid
Reworking apartheid legacies : global competition, gender and social wages in South Africa, 1980-2000
After the locusts : letters from a landscape of faith
The atlas of apartheid
Special report of the Director-General on the application of the declaration concerning action against apartheid in South Africa
South African dispatches : letters to my countrymen
They cannot kill us all : an eyewitness account of South Africa today
South Africa : the peasants' revolt
The cinema of apartheid : race and class in South African film
From Union to apartheid : a trek to isolation
Water, sanitation and health : the development of the environmental services in four South African cities, 1840-1920
South Africa's bantustans : from dumping grounds to battlefronts
The discontinuous discontinuity of race and racism
The political economy of modern South Africa
'Let freedom reign' : the words of Nelson Mandela
After apartheid
Encyclopedia of race and racism. Vol. 3, S-Z, primary sources, index
Reflections in prison : voices from the South African liberation struggle
Racial segregation and the origins of apartheid in South Africa, 1919-36
The pillars of apartheid : land tenure, rural planning and the chieftancy
Desmond Tutu's message : a qualitative analysis
Heart of the hunter
From apartheid to nation-building : contemporary South African debates
The Cambridge companion to Nelson Mandela
Countries of the mind : the fiction of J. M. Coetzee
South africa / Free at last
Urban Africans and the Bantustans
The apartheid state in crisis : political transformation in South Africa 1975-1990
Markets and minorities
Rewriting modernity : studies in Black South African literary history
The mind of South Africa
Selling apartheid : South Africa's global propaganda war
During the final years of the apartheid era and the subsequent transition to democracy, South African literary writing caught the world's attention as never before. Writers responded to the changing political situation and its daily impact on the country's inhabitants with works that recorded or satirised state-enforced racism, explored the possibilities of resistance and rebuilding, and creatively addressed the vexed question of literature's relation to politics and ethics. Writing South Africa offers a window on the literary activity of this extraordinary period that conveys its range (going well beyond a handful of world-renowned names) and its significance for anyone interested in the impact of decolonisation and democratisation on the cultural sphere. It brings together for the first time discussions by some of the most distinguished South African novelists, poets, and dramatists, with those of leading commentators based in South Africa, Britain and North America.
Black consciousness in South Africa : the dialectics of ideological resistance to white supremacy
Dropout Neville Lister accompanies acclaimed photographer Saul Auerbach for a day, to learn a lesson for life. They play a game: from a hill above Johannesburg they pick three houses and decide to knock on their doors in search of a story. Auerbach's images of the first two will become classic portraits, but soon the light fades. Lister only reaches the third house decades later, returning to post-apartheid South Africa and a Johannesburg altered almost beyond recognition. How to live when estranged from your birthplace?
Mandela : an illustrated autobiography
A history of South Africa
The founders : the origins of the ANC and the struggle for democracy in South Africa
Realism and otherness in the science fiction film District 9
Cracks in the wall : Nadine Gordimer's fiction and the irony of apartheid
South Africa : an historical introduction
Commemorating Brown : the social psychology of racism and discrimination
South African dialogue : contrasts in South African thinking on basic race issues
Apartheid : the facts
Blood runner : the long race to freedom
Anatomy of apartheid
Racism and apartheid in southern Africa : Rhodesia
The principle of apartheid
Time longer than rope : the black man's struggle for freedom in South Africa
Southern Africa after Soweto
Church clothes, or, Land, mission, and the end of apartheid in South Africa
A life for Africa : the story of Bram Fischer
Mandela : a film and historical companion : a major motion picture based on Nelson Mandela's bestselling autobiography Long walk to freedom
Catch a fire
Writing South Africa : Literature, Apartheid, and Democracy, 1970–1995
The discarded people : an account of African resettlement in South Africa
The fall of apartheid : the inside story from Smuts to Mbeki
Educational reforms in South Africa : the role of the teachers in the implementation of educational reforms in post apartheid South Africa 1994-2008
Liberation, democratization, and transitions to statehood in the Third World : proceedings of the conference organized by Muwatin 7-8 November 1997, Ramallah
History after apartheid : visual culture and public memory in a democratic South Africa
Challenging the state : churches as political actors in South Africa, 1980-1994
Disabling globalization : places of power in post-apartheid South Africa
The struggle for South Africa : a reference guide to movements, organizations and institutions. Vol. 2
Mozambique's HIV/AIDS pandemic : grappling with apartheid's legacy
In the heart of the country
Living apart : South Africa under apartheid
Theatres of struggle and the end of apartheid
Apartheid : a history
The dubious salvation of Jack V.
New social movements in the African diaspora : challenging global apartheid
The deaths of Hintsa : postapartheid South Africa and the shape of recurring pasts
Southern Africa, the price of apartheid : a political risk analysis
South-Africa at the International Court of Justice
Religion and conflict resolution : Christianity and South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Commission
Voices of justice and reason : apartheid and beyond in South African literature
The highest stage of white supremacy : the origins of segregation in South Africa and the American South
Nordic statements on apartheid
South Africa : crossing the Rubicon
Move your shadow : South Africa, Black and White
Apartheid in a South African town, 1968-1985
Apartheid's second front : South Africa's war against its neighbours
International law : process and prospect
Apartheid's environmental toll
The political mythology of apartheid
Mandela's way : lessons in life
Brief chronicles : South African literatures in historical context
South Africa and the global game : football, apartheid and beyond
In the last few decades, the people of the African diaspora have intensified their struggles against racial discrimination and for equality. Here is an account of these social movements in Latin America, the Indian Ocean World, Europe, Canada and the United States, that includes analyses of land claims, environmental justice efforts, union organizing, electoral participation and hip hop as social critique. Contributors include Carolyn Fluehr-Lobban, Manning Marable, Premilla Nadasen, George Priestley, Mark Sawyer, and Julia Sudbury.
Forty lost years : the apartheid state and the politics of the National Party 1948-1994
Apartheid, 1948-1994
Portrait of a people : a personal photographic record of the South African liberation struggle
The making of modern South Africa : conquest, apartheid, democracy
Apartheid : a selective bibliography on the racial policies of the government of the Republic of South Africa, 1970 - 1978 = Apartheid : bibliographie sélective sur les politiques raciales du gouvernement de la République Sud-Africaine, 1970 - 1978
The cry of Winnie Mandela : a novel
Working women in South Africa
Apartheid : the story of a dispossessed people
Assistance to racist regimes in Southern Africa : impact on the enjoyment of human rights
"This book explores the relationship between space, place and gendered violence as depicted in a range of South African writing. Gendered violence constitutes a unique form of violence because it is at once both intensely political and intensely personal. As a case study, South Africa offers considerable potential for analysis because the governmental technology of apartheid affected not only race relations, but also gendered and spatial ones. This resulted in conditions of exceptionality that operate on the levels of institutional power and political allegory, but yet had, and still have, an immense impact on the everyday. This book focuses on how narrative representations of gendered violence document, negotiate, challenge and resist structures of domination and power"--
After apartheid : the solution for South Africa
Portrait with keys : the city of Johannesburg unlocked
A critical psychology of the postcolonial : the mind of apartheid
Let my people go : an autobiography
The anatomy of South African misery
Segregation simplified : an analysis of a South African history textbook
Apartheid's last stand : the rise and fall of South African security state
The African National Congress
The world that was ours
Anatomy of a miracle : the end of apartheid and the birth of the new South Africa
The economics of apartheid
Defiant images : photography and apartheid South Africa
Jimfish, or, Ten years on the wrong side of history
Narrating political reconciliation : South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Commission
Segregation and apartheid in twentieth-century South Africa
Robben Island and prisoner resistance to apartheid
Apartheid's rebels : inside South Africa's hidden war
The conscience of humankind : literature and traumatic experiences
The failure of the Middle East peace process? : a comparative analysis of peace implementation in Israel/Palestine, Northern Ireland and South Africa
Long walk to freedom
Human relations and the South African scene in the light of the scripture : official translation of the report [...] approved and accepted by the General Synod of the Dutch Reformed Church, October 1974.
The struggle for South Africa : a reference guide to movements, organizations and institutions. Vol. 1
What is black economic empowerment doing for me? : a study of politics in post-apartheid South Africa
Apartheid : power and historical falsification
Encyclopedia of race and racism. Vol. 1, A-F
A prisoner in the garden : opening Nelson Mandela's prison archive
The rough guide to Nelson Mandela
Apartheid narratives
Nelson Mandela : the man and the movement
The last Afrikaner leaders : a supreme test of power
Sun City : Artists United Against Apartheid
Laduma! : soccer, politics and society in South Africa
After apartheid : the future of South Africa
The opening of the Apartheid mind : options for the new South Africa
Gordian knot : apartheid and the unmaking of the liberal world order
South Africa : a modern history
South African photography : 1950-2010 = Südafrikanische Fotographie
Southern cross
The Longman companion to slavery, emancipation and civil rights
Workers, war & the origins of apartheid : labour & politics in South Africa, 1939-48
Cry the beloved country
Incognegro : a memoir of exile & apartheid
"We will not move" : the struggle for Crossroads
Country of my skull
The Apartheid regime : political power and racial domination
Racism and apartheid in southern Africa : South Africa and Namibia
An economic history of South Africa : conquest, discrimination, and development
Space, place, and gendered violence in South African writing
Nordic statements on apartheid : supplement
Cry, the Beloved Country, the most famous and important novel in South Africa's history, was an immediate worldwide bestseller in 1948. Alan Paton's impassioned novel about a black man's country under white man's law is a work of searing beauty. "Cry, the beloved country, for the unborn child that is the inheritor of our fear. Let him not love the earth too deeply. Let him not laugh too gladly when the water runs through his fingers, nor stand too silent when the setting sun makes red the veld with fire. Let him not be too moved when the birds of his land are singing, nor give too much of his heart to a mountain or valley. For fear will rob him of all if he gives too much." The eminent literary critic Lewis Gannett wrote, "We have had many novels from statesmen and reformers, almost all bad; many novels from poets, almost all thin. In Alan Paton's Cry, the Beloved Country the statesman, the poet and the novelist meet in a unique harmony." Cry, the Beloved Country is the deeply moving story of the Zulu pastor Stephen Kumalo and his son, Absalom, set against the background of a land and a people riven by racial injustice. Remarkable for its lyricism, unforgettable for character and incident, this is a classic work of love and hope, courage and endurance, born of the dignity of man.
This is apartheid
The tongue is fire : South Africa storytellers and apartheid
No future without forgiveness
South Africa, past, present and future : gold at the end of the rainbow?
The atlas of changing South Africa
Cion : a novel
No place to rest : forced removals and the law in South Africa
Sun City : The making of the record
Rivonia's children : three families and the price of freedom in South Africa
Encyclopedia of race and racism. Vol. 2, G-R
Nelson Mandela : the South African leader who was imprisoned for twenty-seven years for fighting against apartheid
Desmond Tutu : a biography
History of the Church in South Africa : a document and source book
Art contre apartheid = Art against apartheid
Long walk to freedom : the autobiography of Nelson Mandela
From colonization to democracy : a new historical geography of South Africa
Lifetimes : under apartheid
Apartheid : a collection of writings on South African racism by South Africans
Frankie and Stankie
