http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7044 horticultural science
horticultural science
Dictionary of gardening : a practical and scientific encyclopaedia of horticulture
Volume three of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places analyses in depth the scientific and scholastic concepts interacting with the arts, medicine and humanities which now underpin the rapidly evolving subject of Social Horticulture. This covers: Horticulture and Society, Diet and Health, Psychological Health, Wildlife, Horticulture and Public Welfare, Education, Extension, Economics, Exports and Biosecurity, Scholarship and Art, Scholarship and Literature, Scholarship and History and the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. This volume takes the evolution of this Discipline firmly into the 21st Century. It breaks new ground by providing a detailed analysis of the value of Horticulture as a force for enhancing society in the form of human welfare, health and well-being. The authors consider how knowledge is transferred within and between generations, and the place of Horticulture in the Arts and Humanities.These studies transcend the barriers between science and the arts. Social benefits of an association with plants include reducing the potential for domestic violence, vandalism, ethnic conflict and crime by building interpersonal social relationships and networks. Two chapters examine the means by which knowledge is delivered and the wider contexts within which Horticultural Education is provided. Understanding the Economics of Horticulture is of paramount importance in justifying public and private financial provisions for the discipline. Biosecurity is not easily achieved because global travel takes new plants, microbes and animals around the world at ever increasing speed. Of particular significance in this volume are the three chapters dealing with aspects of the relationship between Horticulture and scholarship embracing art, literature and history. This is an ancient relationship where Horticultural Science unites with and demonstrates its artistic and historical credentials.Finally, there is an examination of the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. Culturally gardening has much to do with the relationship between man, plants and the human spirit. It is a truism that 'Horticulture is to English Literature as Gardening is to Theatre'. This book is a sign post for the future of Social Horticulture.
The effect of light quality on tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L. cv ʻEfialtoʼ) growth and drought tolerance
Optimization of VIGS and functional analysis of Gerbera hybrida TCP genes in Calendula officinalis
The common ground of wild and cultivated plants : introductions, invasions, control and conservation
HortScience
Practical botany
Variation in strawberry (Fragaria X ananassa Duch.) yield, season, and fruit quality = Variasjonar i sesong, avling og fruktkvalitet i jordbær (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.)
Bibliographie der botanischen Gärten Europas = Bibliography of the botanical gardens in Europe. Heft 2, Belgien-Norwegen
A comparative study of urban green area planning
The gardener's dictionary of horticultural terms
The standard cyclopedia of horticulture. 2, F-O
Temperature regulation of flowering in Woodland Strawberry
The effects of paclobutrazol growth retardant and brushing induced mechanical stress on the growth of Scots pine seedlings
The spontaneous flora of the national botanic garden of Belgium
The brother gardeners  : botany, empire and the birth of an obsession
Heathers in colour
Somatic embryogenesis and long term conservation of cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.) germplasm
Growth and productivity of haricot bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) under different moisture and light regimes = Vekst og produktivitet hos hagebønne (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) ved ulik tilgang på vatn og lys
The European discovery of the Indian flora
The influence of a green environment and horticultural activities on the subjective well-being of the elderly living in long-term care
The standard cyclopedia of horticulture. 1, A-E
Using a botanic garden collection to test a bioclimatic vegetation scheme
Effects of climatic and nutritional factors on flowering, growth, and keeping quality of Eustoma grandiflorum (Raf.) Shinn
From Cloudberry to Amur Cherry : Kumpula Botanic Garden
Plants for Atlantic gardens : handsome and hard-working shrubs, trees, and perennials
Cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.) is an economically important crop for Nicaragua. It represents a secure source of income for the farmers basically because of the high demand in the international market for the chocolate industry. In Nicaragua cocoa production is carried out on small scale farms and the most critical point in the production system is the low propagation rate obtained by asexual propagation methods. The present study aimed to evaluate cocoa propagation by somatic embryogenesis following the protocol developed at the Pennsylvania State University and to validate a reliable protocol for its conservation for long term. Induction of primary somatic embryos was carried out from petals and staminodes of unopened flower buds of the genotype Scavina-6 of two physiological ages. The best frequency on primary embryogenic callus growth was obtained by 1-2 week old petals. Secondary embryo development was done from cotyledons of primary somatic embryos of the clones LCTEEN 28/S-1 and PA 169. It was determined after incubation of the embryos in four different periods in secondary callus growth (SCG) medium. The highest number of embryogenic explants was obtained for the clone PA 169 after 8 weeks in SCG medium and 6 weeks in embryo development (ED) medium whereas, the best embryo production ratio during the time in ED medium was scored by explants of LCTEEN 28/S-1 incubated twice in SCG medium. Long term conservation was evaluated by incubating immature embryos of both clones LCTEEN 28/S-1 and PA 169 in liquid nitrogen. There was not registered survival of the embryos after the freezing treatment. However, most of the non-frozen embryos could survive and regenerate from the alginate capsules suggesting that the survival was not threatened by the sucrose concentrations used to dehydrate the embryos but most likely by the intracellular ice formation from the water content that remain in the cell after the dehydration peri
Introduction to floriculture
Science and the garden : the scientific basis of horticultural practice
Detection of protein-protein interactions in planta by BiFC and split luciferase assays
Proceedings of the Second International Symposium on Edible Alliaceae : Adelaide, South Australia, 10-13 November, 1997
HortTechnology
Dendroloogilised uurimused Eestis = Dendrological researches in Estonia. 3
Chronica horticulturae : bulletin of the International Society for Horticultural Science
Proceedings of the XXVIII International Horticultural Congress on Science and Horticulture for People : colloquia and overview : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Horticultural research international : directory of horticultural research institutes and their activities in 74 countries
Horticultural science in emerging economics: issues and constrains : proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August, 2002
Horticulture : principles and practices
A gardener's dictionary of plant names
Plant science : growth, development, and utilization of cultivated plants
Plants in garden history
Journal of fruit and ornamental plant research
Relationships between organic matter status and phosphorus availability in P-fixing soils under oilpalm in Indonesia
Memoirs of the New York Botanical Garden
Effect of soil compactness on the growth and quality of carrot
Popular and practical science of medieval England
The journal of horticultural science & biotechnology
The effect of new cultivation practices on the yield, cane growth and health status of red raspberry (Rubus idaeus l.) in Finland
Themes, scenes, and taste in the history of Japanese Garden art
The role of fertilization practices in the yield and quality of carrot (Daucus carota L.)
The gardens of Emily Dickinson
Molecular control of the yearly growth cycle in wild strawberry
Physiological aging of potato seed tubers: Studies on dormant and incubation periods of Finnish cultivars
Hartmann and Kester's plant propagation : principles and practices
The effects of recreation on understorey vegetation : a case study with methodological implications
Gene silencing induced by RNA1 16K gene mutants of Tobacco rattle virus on Nicotiana benthamiana
Establishment of woodland ground flora in a 18 year old sycamore (Acer pseudoplatanus L.) plantation : a study of the success of woodland ground flora introduction and natural colonisation, on ex-arable land
My first book about how things grow
Sadonkorjuu : tutkittua puutarhatuotantoa 2003-2005 = Harvest : horticultural research results 2003-2005
Bibliographie der botanischen Gärten Europas = Bibliography of the botanical gardens in Europe. Heft 3, Österreich-Ungarn, Europa allgemein
Nordic Agriculture in Global Perspective : proceedings
The new Royal Horticular Society dictionary of gardening. 1-4
Response of eggplant (Solanum melongena L.) to fertilization under plastic house conditions in Finland
Proceedings of the 25th International Horticultural Congress : Brussels, Belgium 2-7 August, 1998. Part 13, New and specialized crops and products, botanic gardens and human-horticulture relationship
Trees for American gardens
RHS botany for gardeners : the art and science of gardening explained and explored
Proceedings of the XIX International Horticultural Congress. Vol. 1, Abstracts of contributed papers
Yield, quality and vase life of cut roses in year-round greenhouse production
Agricultural and food science in Finland
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 3, Social horticulture
Kalifornianripsiäisen torjunta kasvihuoneviljelyssä = Control of western flower thrip in the greenhouse production
Proceedings of the NJF's 22nd Congress "Nordic Agriculture in Global Perspective", : July 1-4, 2003, Turku, Finland
Effect of light and temperature on the growth and essential oil of dill (Anethum graveolens L.)
Remarkable agaves and cacti
Applied principles of horticultural science
Pre- and postharvest development of carrot yield and quality
Proceedings of the 7th International Symposium on Plum and Prune Genetics Breeding and Pomology : Plovdiv, Bulgaria, 20-24 August 2001
Utilization of modified wood shavings as growing media for selected horticultural crops
Agricultural and food science
The standard cyclopedia of horticulture. 3, P-Z
Advances in floriculture research : a review presented to mark 75 years of floriculture research at the Agricultural Univesity of Norway
Bibliographie der botanischen Gärten Europas = Bibliography of the botanical gardens in Europe. Heft 1, DDR, BRD, Berlin (West)
Development of tissue culture and virus-induced gene silencing for Calendula officinalis
