http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7058 nightclubs
nightclubs
21st century bars
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
Night restaurants in Helsinki downtown area face fierce competition today. The number of various concepts is great and most operators compete for the attention and money of fairly same target market/ -s. Alongside traditional competitional tools such as quality and price new means need to be sought in order to stay in business, and more importantly, to be profitable. Relationship marketing offers one way of approaching this issue. It offers tools for studying all relationships a company has with its' environment, recognising the ones that are can be valuable and managing all these a successful entity.  In order to provide an extensive theoretical framework towards which the empirical part of the study about the use of relationship marketing can be reflected to, one has to study a number of issues. The theoretical part will begin with short introduction to socio-economic factors that affect the situation today. The issue of value creation is handled, both from the customer and the company point of view. Background and history of relationship marketing is studied and a number of marketing definitions and theories introduced. Furthermore the motivators behind consumer behaviour are discussed and concepts important to this subject explained. Finally all the issues above will be tied into logical entity in the chapter "relationship management and marketing strategy".  The empirical study was conducted as a qualitative study using half structured theme interviews. The interviewees all work in the chosen Helsinki night restaurants and are one way or another involved in the marketing planning and general management of these places. The beginning of empirical study shows the results of thirteen interviews. The later part of the chapter concentrates on the analysis that arise from the results and theory and on the recommendations based on the analysis.  In short the results show that all the restaurants in the study are familiar with the general concept of relationship marketing and practise a number of related activities such as VIP-card system and regular customer register. However it seems that strategic long term planning, clear goal setting for these actions and consistent follow up is often lacking. The importance of staff in using this approach was widely recognised but issues such as the necessity for clear separation between VIP-customers and masses divided opinions. Finally it seemed that all restaurants could name their chosen target segments but did not possess a lot data about them.
Introducing hospitality
So you want to become a promoter at a nightclub, but no one will help you get started? Nightclub promoters and producers are a very secretive bunch. If you are looking for a get rich quick scheme, this book is not for you. If you are ready to roll up your sleves and do a little work then this book will show you how to produce and promote your first event. Two years ago Anthony wrote one of the most sought after articles on the Internet: "How to Promote a Band of Club in Your Town". The article has helped thousands of promoters get their foot in the door. This book will give you the basics you need to produce and promote a show in your town, starting part-time, using the same methods as major club promoters across the country.
World super interiors : restaurants, bars, boutiques, offices
Chicago blues : portraits and stories
Nightclub : bouncers, risk, and the spectacle of consumption
Enter the void
Mulholland Drive
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Chain of fools
Chillout spaces
A study of brand image : case Nightclub Bra
The Paradise guest house : a novel
How to become a nightclub promoter
The Windmill girls
Customer relationship marketing in night club branch : case: organising an event in night club
Dance! : best of club design
The Norway room
Private Berlin
We are your friends
The last party : Studio 54, disco, and the culture of the night
Enter the Void
Designing with light : bars and restaurants
CBGB & OMFUG : thirty years from the home of underground rock
London calling : a Mirabelle Bevan mystery
Using relationship marketing and VIP-practices in Helsinki night restaurants
Shadowplayers : the rise and fall of Factory Records
American swing
World according to Concrete
The Project-Based Thesis is aimed at writing a Business plan for a Bar and Nightclub called Kannelklubi.  The thesis was written in three parts. First, theoretical framework was gathered from various sources in order to understand how a successful, working Business Plan should be written. The elements of the Business Plan were studied in detail and used in the writing of actual business plan. Second part discussed the process of the business plan as well as the evaluation of the product. The third part is the actual business plan. The main idea to write the thesis was to prepare the writer for starting a business of his own. It was necessary to understand the various steps required to do so. The thesis was seen as a means to test the success of the business. In the beginning, the writer was not much concerned to attract financiers. Later, it was thought that this was a good opportunity to do so if other partners backed off from the project. The Business Plan was written, keeping in mind the real-life figures. The writer did succeed in writing a working Business Plan and realizing it with some modifications. Kannelklubi opened during the final stages of writing the Business Plan and is still in operation. In the thesis, Kannelklubi is evaluated to help new entrepreneurs understand the importance of a well drafted Business Plan.
An exploratory study of employee wellbeing in Finnish nightclubs
Bars, clubs & lounges
Bouncers : violence and governance in the night-time economy
Introduction to hospitality
Fly by night : the new art of the club flyer
How membership enhances loyalty? : nightclub industry in Finland
Start your own bar and club : sports bars, nightclubs, neighborhood bars, wine bars and more!
Factory Records : the complete graphic album
Night club & bar magazine
Drugs, clubs, and young people : sociological and public health perspectives
New bar and club design
The charming night
Butterflies of the night : mama-sans, geisha, strippers, and the Japanese men they serve
Butterflies of the Night is an American woman's inside view of Japan's lively and powerful nightclub world. Includes interviews with women in both high-end clubs and the sleazy end of the business, as well as comments from customers of geisha houses as well as sex clubs.
Cool hotels America
The night club industry in Helsinki
The International Encyclopedia of Hospitality Management is the definitive reference work for any individual studying or working in the hospitality industry. This new edition updates and significantly revises 25% of the entries and has an additional 20 new entries. It covers all of the relevant issues in the field of hospitality management from both a sectoral level: Lodging, Restaurants/Food service, Time-share, Clubs and Events as well as a functional one: Accounting & Finance, Marketing, Strategic Management, Human Resources, Information Technology and Facilities Management. Its unique user-friendly structure enables readers to find exactly the information they require at a glance; whether they require broad detail which takes a more crosssectional view across each subject field, or more focused information which looks closely at specific topics and issues within the hospitality industry today.
Blue Chicago : the search for authenticity in urban blues clubs
International encyclopedia of hospitality management
Restroom : contemporary design
The fall
The Haçienda : how not to run a club
Live from the Cotton Club plus
Bright young things
The Lenny Bruce originals. Volume 2
