http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7053 natural gas
natural gas
Summary (1 s.).
Successional changes in vegetation and carbon dynamics during boreal mire development
Energy developments in the Middle East
South American gas : daring to tap the bounty
Russian energy sector / prospects and implications for  Russian growth, economic policy and energy supply
Petroleum geoscience : from sedimentary environments to rock physics
Optimising Russian natural gas : reform and climate policy
Business opportunities in Vietnamese animal husbandry sectors for biogas SMEs : Finnish biogas enterprises
Natural gas : fuel for the 21st century
Breaking ice with finesse : oil & gas exploration in the Canadian Arctic
EU energy security in the gas sector : evolving dynamics, policy dilemmas and prospects
Turkey's energy security vis-à-vis integration with the EU : a narrative policy analysis from the English school perspective
Energy policies of IEA countries : Czech Republic 2001 review
European gas demand and supply outlook
The end of oil : the decline of the petroleum economy and the rise of the new energy order
Launching the CFB gasifier in the United States : case of Metso Power
Abstract.
The Baltic Sea region 2014 : ten policy-oriented articles from scholars of the University of Turku
Carbon dioxide sequestration and related technologies
What role can the gas market play in promoting the development of cooperation in Western Europe?
The European Union's dependency on Russian natural gas and oil supplies from a supplier obstructionism perspective
Optimization of hydrogen plant efficiency
Natural gas pricing in competitive markets
Oil, gas, coal & electricity quarterly statistics
Liquefied natural gas terminal project in India
Law and policy of the European gas market
Country-scale carbon accounting of the vegetation and mineral soils of Finland
Calculation formulas and description for dimensioning pre-insulated piping : Investigating the potential utilization of pre-insulated pipe calculation methods in LNG applications
Russian oil and gas : a multidimensional analysis from a European perspective
States and markets in hydrocarbon sectors
Seminar on East-West Energy Trade : proceedings : Vienna, 3rd-4th October 1991
Russia's gas business / facts, challenges and the road to  reform
Russian oil and gas : a source of integration
Executive summary (s. 33-49).
Natural gas in the Asian Pacific region : market behavior and the Japanese electricity market
Discordant development : global capitalism and the struggle for connection in Banglades
Economic theory and European natural gas
Converting from solid fuel to natural gas combined cycle
The EU-Russia gas connection : pipes, politics and problems
Powering Europe : Russia, Ukraine, and the energy squeeze
Domestic institutions and interest formation in international political economy : the internationalisation of the British natural gas policy 1982-2007 / Matti Färkkilä
Environmental Effects of Gas Conversion : Engines of Power Plants
This Master's thesis concerns sourcing toolkit development for a ship power solutions provider company. The purpose of the toolkit is to support strategic sourcing, and to help address the strategy trends and possible shortcomings of sourcing. Toolkit functionality will be tested with the existing sourcing strategy to verify its functionality Sourcing is one of the core functions of the company due to its large impact on the overall performance of the company. Sourcing must find a balance between cheap cost, applicable quality, and supply accuracy. Balancing these factors globally is very challenging and typically there is a clear need for tools that help this process. In this thesis, the current level of sourcing tools were benchmarked against known companies' tools and methods. Further, the current sourcing strategy was compared to the business practices of leading companies in related industries by studying written material on the benchmarked companies. For the source material, reference companies were selected if they were operating the same style of business. As a result of the work, a toolkit was created, which is applicable to the different categories of company sourcing. This toolkit does not provide direct answers to specific problems, instead it points out the weak points and development possibilities for the sourcing strategy. Toolkit functionality was tested by applying it to existing sourcing strategy development. The toolkit clearly presented sourcing strategy challenges and showed what actions are needed to secure sourcing balance. This toolkit will be used in the future for sourcing strategy development.
Environmental impacts of hydraulic fracturing
Natural gas pipeline through the Baltic Sea : environmental impact assessment in the exclusive economic zone of Finland : summary : February 2009.
A balanced sourcing toolkit
Oilopoly  : Putin, power and the rise of new Russia
Regulatory reform in Mexico's natural gas sector
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Choosing a new heating energy source : case study Housing Cooperative Pakkalankulma
Wärtsilä to supply inert gas system for three new Oil & Gas sector vessels
Energy policies of IEA countries : The Czech Republic : 2010 review
Natural gas, indigenous mobilization and the Bolivian state
Natural resource governance and EITI implementation in Nigeria
Foreword  3 Eirik Wærness, Pöyry AS  Energy and the Russian Economy  4 Laura Solanko, BOFIT  Russian Gas - Has the 2009 economic crisis changed Russian gas fundamentals?  9 Daniel Buikema Fjærtoft, Pöyry AS  Economic relations between Finland and Russia  22 Heli Simola, BOFIT  The High North and Russo-Norwegian bilateral economic relations  32 Morten Anker, Pöyry AS  A forecasting model for Russia's economy  42 Jouko Rautava, BOFIT  Reflections on Modeling the Russian Economy  49 Daniel Buikema Fjærtoft, Pöyry AS .
Oil, Islam and conflict : Central Asia since 1945
Dividing the EU with Energy? : Unpacking Russia ́s energy geoeconomics
Petroleum and gas field processing
Potential for improving the use of associated petroleum gas in heat and power production in Russia
Role of natural gas in the German economy
Regulating gas liberalization : a comparative study on unbundling and open access regimes in the US, Europe, Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan
Thermodynamic modeling of compression, combustion and expansion processes of gasoline, ethanol and natural gas with experimental validation on a flexible fuel engine : 8th international conference on engines for automobile, Capri, Naples, Italy September 16-20, 2007
Iran's natural gas industry in the post-revolutionary period : optimism, scepticism, and potential
Development of Natural Gas Hydrate
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Environmental impact of household biogas plants in India : local and global perspective
Conclusion (s. 291-293).
Metso Power has always valued sustainability and green innovations. One of their newest products is a solution called biomass gasifier that is offering an alternative for burning coal in power generation. Although the company is familiar with the American energy field the launch of a new product raised questions. This thesis provides the company with a detailed look into the American energy market and its current situation combined with future projections. The results clearly indicate that within the predominant circumstances there is clearly an opportunity for Metso and its biomass gasifier application. However a major breakthrough is not likely at the moment since the United States as a country is currently under a transition phase. The economy is still faltering due to the meltdown of 2008 and the presidential election year will bring its own problems. Based on findings it is also safe to say that natural gas is the major energy force in the future and because it is extremely cheap competing directly with is not an option. Behind natural gas there is a void left behind by coal. Success is possible but only via precise strikes to carefully selected customer segments. The purpose of this project was not to invent the wheel. This thesis offers a business student's view into an otherwise technical subject. The information has been out there, but this is t he first attempt to gather it in the same place. Hopefully this thesis will act as manual not only to the energy market but also into the American economy in general.
Greenhouse gas fluxes from drained peat soils:a comparison of different land use types and hydrological site characteristics
World energy crisis : a reference handbook
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Brazilian upstream oil and gas : a practical guide to the law and regulation
Why we hate the oil companies : straight talk from an energy insider
Is LNG the answer for ECAs?
Russia is a globally important oil and gas producer.Russian hydrocarbons are not only crucial to the domestic economy but also to European countries depending on energy imports.This paper reviews the current stand and future prospects of Russian oil and gas production and exports.Russia has clearly stated that it wants to diversify its oil trade by increasing its exports to other areas than Europe.At the same time, many countries have seen their gas import prices rising significantly.As energy prices and exports have also been the main driver behind the current economic boom in Russia, there is no doubt that Russian energy will stay high on both the economic and political agenda of the EU and its member countries at least in any foreseeable future.The question remains whether there is enough Russian oil and gas for all new pipelines planned, as well as whether the huge investment needs of the energy sector can possibly be fulfilled, given the current investment climate and increasing government influence in the major energy firms.  Keywords: energy, oil, natural gas, Russia, EU .
The encyclopaedia of oil and gas law. Vol. 2, Midstream and downstream
Development of catalysts for exhaust after-treatment of natural gas powered vehicles and biofuel combustion
Framing the gas market uncertainty in Russian gas export policy : the role of underlying ideas
Wärtsilä to supply large gas fuelled power plant to American utility in state Oregon
Papua New Guinea : PNG gas project
Root colonization with arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and glomalin-related soil protein (GRSP) concentration in hypoxic soils in natural CO2 springs
The gas OPEC myth : international and domestic constraints for gas market collusion
Wärtsilä to supply power plant running on methane gas to Rwanda
India : Dahej liquefied natural gas terminal expansion project
Medium-term prospects and guidelines in the Community gaz sector
Carbon dioxide exchange on cultivated and afforested boreal peatlands
Estimation of greenhouse gas balance for forestry-drained peatlands
Risks, strengths and weaknesses of Russian oil and gas
Reforming Russian infrastructure for competition and efficiency
LNG an important key for the Baltic Sea
The market penetration of biomethane as natural gas substitute in the German transport sector
Europe's energy position : annual report
Energy-efficient industrial natural gas technologies and equipment : Thermie programme action no I208
Energy security to 2000
Perspectives on Russia's energy sector
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Future Integration of the Baltic Sea States Gas Supply : nternational symposium. November 28-29, 1996. Tallinn, Estonia : Additional documentation
Nord Stream project as a political tool
Peri-Tethys memoir. 2, Structure and prospects of Alpine basins and forelands
Perspectives on the role of Norwegian gas
In their Natural Resource Governance and EITI Implementation in Nigeria, Musa Abutudu and Dauda Garuba provide the most up-to-date and in-depth analysis of the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), providing a balanced yet critical evaluation of its performance, limitations and potential as an institution for helping Africa's largest oil exporter to escape the so called resource curse and lay a firm basis for sustainable development. This Current African Issue contains valuable insights and information that will be of interest to all those with a keen interest in institutionalising transparency and accountability in natural resource governance in Africa.
Summary: Natural gas and Finland 1974-2004.
Energy policies of IEA countries : Germany 1998 review
The geopolitics of energy import dependence : the evolution of India's energy foreign policy
State of alternative fuel technologies
Natural resource conflicts : incentives for war and peace in Aceh
Joint operating agreements : mitigating operational and contractual risks in exclusive operations
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
Carbon dynamics and ecosystem diversity of Amazonian peatlands
Flexibility is the name of the game
Executive summary (s. 9-11).
The end of oil : on the edge of a perilous new world
Boom in natural gas consumption last year
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Liquefied natural gas : the law and business of LNG
Joint operating agreements : risk control for the non-operator
Energy potential of the Russian Arctic seas : choice of development strategy
Russian and CIS gas markets and their impact on Europe
Energy production and transportation in the Barents Region (oil and gas)
The future of the natural gas market in Southeast Europe
Russia's oil and natural gas : bonanza or curse?
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1998, 6 : The energy dilemma : the dominanse of fossil fuels
Energy policies of IEA countries : Norway 2001 review
Natural gas and conflicting European perspectives
No analysis of the Russian economy today can ignore the role of energy production. Russia is the world's largest producer of crude oil and natural gas, the world's third largest consumer of energy and a global giant in hydrocarbon exports. But just how big is the actual contribution of oil and gas production to national economic output? Who is discovering, pumping and shipping Russia's oil? What is the energy sector's role in government revenue and Russia's external balance? This issue of BOFIT Online comprises nine short articles with timely insights into the challenges facing Russia's energy sector.  Key words: Russia, energy, natural gas, oil, state economy, electricity production .
Climate impact from peat utilisation in Sweden
Security of gas supply in open markets : LNG and power at a turning point
The Russian gas sector, one of Russia's key industries, needs urgent reform to deal with ageing gas fields, excessive state regulation, monopolistic control over the industry and inadequate, outdated pipeline infrastructure.The dangers of supply disruptions are particularly striking in view of ever-increasing demand for natural gas in Russia's domestic market and internationally.To prevent Russian natural gas supply from decline, three major issues must be addressed.First, regulation has kept domestic prices artificially low and eliminated incentives to make necessary investments.Second, independent producers still lack fair access to the market, especially the pipeline network.Third, there is a compelling need for systematic investment.Keywords: Russia, Natural Gas, Energy, Reform .
Natural gas distribution : focus on Western Europe
Financing forms of gas pipelines in the United States and in Finland
Building competitive gas markets in the EU : regulation, supply and demand
Below-ground processes in meadow soil under elevated ozone and carbon dioxide : greenhouse gas fluxes, N cycling and microbial communities
African upstream oil and gas : a practical guide to the law and regulation
From carbon source to sink : managing agriculture for climate change mitigation and food production in Ethiopia
Natural gas market review
Proceedings from the seminar : manure - an agronomic and environmental challenge. NJF-seminar 372, arranged by NJF sections, soil, water and environment; engineering. Nils Holgersson gymnasiet Skurup, Sweden September 5-6, 2005.
Stakeholder involvement in developing LNG as a ship fuel in the Baltic Sea region
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
Political gas pricing premiums : the development in West Germany 1977-1985
Natural gas : governments and oil companies in the Third World
Angola : towards an energy strategy
LNGPac training simulator
Changed ratios of soil gases that lead to hypoxia are most often present in waterlogged soils, but can also appear in soils not saturated with water. In natural CO₂ springs (mofettes), gases in soil air differ from those in typical soils. In this study, plant roots from the mofette area Stavešinci (Slovenia) were sampled in a spatial scale and investigated for AM fungal colonization. AM fungi were found in roots from areas with high geological CO₂ concentration, however mycorrhizal intensity was relatively low and no correlation between AM fungal colonization and soil pattern of CO₂/O₂ concentrations (up to 37% CO₂) was found. The relatively high abundance of arbuscules in root cortex indicated existence of functional symbiosis at much higher CO₂ concentrations than normally found in soils. In addition, concentration of two different glomalin-related soil protein fractions - EE-GRSP and TG-GRSP - was measured. No significant correlation between any of the fractions and soil gases was found, however the concentration of both fractions was significantly higher in the upper 0-5 cm, compared to the 5-10 cm layer of the soil.
Environmental biotechnology : concepts and applications
The Iran-Pakistan-India pipeline project : fuelling cooperation?
Natural gas in Asia : the challenges of growth in China, India, Japan and Korea
Summary and recommendations (s. 15-18).
Flexibility in natural gas supply and demand
Russia, Finland and Norway : Economic essays
Natural gas supplies and prospects in the community
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Energy Policies of IEA Countries : Finland 2013 review
Natural gas markets in the Middle East and North Africa
Nordic gas grid : an overall feasibility study of the possibilities to integrate and develop the natural gas markets in the Nordic and Baltic Countries
"We defend the interests of the brother Machiguenas" : analysing Peruvian indigenous organisations through the gas project Camisea in the South-Eastern Amazon from 1984 to 2006
Export pipelines from the CIS region : geopolitics, securitization, and political decision-making
Two essays on natural gas
Regulatory reform : European gas
Regulatory reform in Argentina's natural gas sector
Investment Climate of the Russian Federation and Its Petroleum Industry
Cases and materials on the law of oil and gas
The EU-Russia gas relationship : new projects, new disputes?
Resources to reserves : oil & gas technologies for the energy markets of the future
The crisis in Ukraine and the Russian annexation of Crimea have prompted the European Union to examine their energy options. While Europe's dependence on Russian natural gas supplies looms large as a major liability for Europe, Russia's dependence on the $100 billion income from gas exports may deal Europe a stronger hand. Seeking clarity about the current conflict and its energy implications - and responding to the urgent need to critically analyze Europe's short-to-medium term prospects for safely and reliably importing future energy supplies from sources other than Russia - this book examines the major elements of the European energy equation, contextualizing them within the disorderly breakup of the Soviet Union, post-Soviet developments in Eastern Europe and the current geopolitical topography of the continent. Accessible and jargon-free, this book asks how and why Ukraine has emerged as the cockpit of a geopolitical contest that has been festering for nearly two decades, and offers insight into the view from Moscow. Finally, it examines Europe's energy options outside of Russia, assessing each not only in terms of technical feasibility and possible lead-time, but also, crucially, in terms of the added costs and geopolitical implications of altering supplies and suppliers, ranging from the continental United States to West Africa to the Eastern Mediterranean to Turkmenistan and possibly even Iran.
Energy market analysis of the former Soviet Union
Models in country scale carbon accounting of forest soils
Development of a pricing structure for LNG projects
Long-term gas supply contracts between EU area buyers and third country producers in the continental European gas market : a changing paradigm of contract and pricing structure
The EU's dependence on Russian gas : how an integrated EU policy can reduce it
