http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7055 fossil fuels
fossil fuels
Essentials of energy technology : sources, transport, storage, and conservation
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Natural gas : fuel for the 21st century
Fire and fuels : CO2 and SO2 emissions in the Finnish economy, 1800-2005
Characterisation of fuels for advanced pressurised combustion
China and the global energy crisis : development and prospects for China's oil and natural gas
Evaluation of the combustion behaviour of different coals
Environmental aspects of oil shale power production
Hydrocarbons : THERMIE sectoral report : overview of THERMIE activities 1995-1997
Energy demand and climate change : issues and resolutions
Thermal engineering
Beyond oil and gas : the methanol economy
Introduction to energy : resources, technology and society
Sustainable development : case: energy production in Namibia
Towards zero emission energy production : VTT Intelligence Forum 2009 : 3.2.2009, Dipoli, Espoo, Finland
The energy challenge : finding solutions to the problems of global warming and future energy supply
The secret world of oil
Physics of the environment
Sustainable fossil fuels : the unusual suspect in the quest for clean and enduring energy
Air pollutants and energy pathways : extending models for abatement strategies
IEA energy policies review : The European Union 2008
Renewable energy : a first course
Boiling point : how politicians, big oil and coal, journalists, and activists are fueling the climate crisis - and what we can do to avert disaster
VTT Chemical Technology improves comparability of emission measurements in Baltic states and Russia
Estonia built on oil shale
The impact of oil shale calorific value on CFB boiler thermal efficiency and environment
Energy and experience : an essay on naftology
Fossil energy : selected entries from the encyclopedia of sustainability science and technology
Energy systems engineering : evaluation and implementation
Production of alcohols and other oxygenates from fossil fuels and renewables : final report
Essentials of Energy Technology : Sources, Transport, Storage and Conservation
Energy in nature and society : general energetics of complex systems
"How capitalism first promoted fossil fuels with the rise of steam power The more we debate about the catastrophic implications of climate change, the more fossil fuels we continue to burn. How did we get caught up in this mess? In this masterful new history, Malm claims that it all began in Britain with the rise of steam power. So why did manufacturers turn from traditional fuels, notably water, to steam? Overturning established theories of the transition and offering a radically new view of our warming world, this study shows how steam was adopted as a superior source of power. Two centuries later, the inheritors of that power continue to profit from "business as usual," as the world heads toward irreversible catastrophe. Malm examines the history of resistance to fossil fuels and surveys the obstacles to the transition to renewable energy so urgently needed today. Then as now, energy choices are determined in struggles over power"--$cProvided by publisher
The science of energy : resources and power explained
Power generation technologies
Nuclear energy's long now : intransigent wastes and radioactive greens : a response to Vadén and Salminen
Societies beyond oil : oil dregs and social futures
Why your world is about to get a whole lot smaller
An appraisal of UK energy research, development, demonstration & dissemination
Boilers and burners : design and theory
CO[sub 2] taxation and dynamics of fossil fuel prices
Building a Collaborative Network for Smooth Market Penetration for Finnish Bioenergy Companies in Africa : Case: MHG Systems Oy/Feedstock Optimum Ltd
Facts on fossil fuels
CO2 taxation and dynamics of fossil fuel prices
The Burning question : we can ́t burn half the world ́s oil, coal, and gas. So how do we quit?
Combustion : physical and chemical fundamentals, modeling and simulation, experiments, pollutant formation
Study of oxy-fuel combustion of single coal char particles : experimental and modelling
Fossil capital : the rise of steam-power in the British cotton industry, c. 1825-1848, and the roots of global warming
Carbon capture : sequestration and storage
"Energy is, without a doubt, the very foundation of the universe. It's the engine that powers life and fuels the evolution of human civilization. Yet for all its importance, what energy really is and how it works remains a mystery to most non-scientists. For example: Where does most of our energy come from, and how is it sourced? How do energy technologies, both primitive and cutting-edge, generate power? How do we store energy--and will there be enough to meet our future needs? What are the pros and cons behind the forms of energy currently available to us? How might we harness potential future energy sources such as earthquakes and supervolcanoes? All too often, the answers to questions like these are bogged down in polemics and controversy. Imagine, then, how these and other questions could be discussed from a purely factual, scientific perspective. The truth is, to better put into perspective the various issues surrounding energy in the 21st century, you need to understand the essential science behind how energy works. And you need a reliable source whose focus is on giving you the facts you need to form your own educated opinions" -- provided by publisher.
Monthly bulletin
An end to global warming
An empirical investigation of air pollution from fossil fuel combustion and its impact on health in India during 1973-74 to 1996-97
Energy and the experience of modernity
Atmospheric methane : its role in the global environment
Fossil capital : the rise of steam power and the roots of global warming
The in vitro toxicological effects of particulate emissions from small- and medium-scale heating systems
Cleantech 2012 : energy, renewables, materials, storage and environment : technical proceedings of the 2012 CTSI Clean Technology and Sustainable Industries conference and showcase
Public policy and the diffusion of technology : an international comparison of large fossil-fueled generating units
The strategic value of fossil fuels : challenges and responses : conference proceedings, Houston, Texas, U.S.A., 8-11 May 1995
A master storyteller as well as a leading energy expert, Daniel Yergin continues the riveting story begun in his Pulitzer Prize–winning book, The Prize. In The Quest, Yergin shows us how energy is an engine of global political and economic change and conflict, in a story that spans the energies on which our civilization has been built and the new energies that are competing to replace them. The Quest tells the inside stories, tackles the tough questions, and reveals surprising  insights about coal, electricity, and natural gas. He explains how climate change became a great issue and leads readers through the rebirth of renewable energies, energy independence, and the return of the electric car. Epic in scope and never more timely, The Quest vividly reveals the decisions, technologies, and individuals that are shaping our future.
The environmental fate of the particulate matter and organic pollutants from an oil shale power plant
Steam : its generation and use
Sustainable energy : choosing among options
World energy resources
Energy : a total social phenomenon : response to Vadén and Salminen
CO2 emissions from fuel combustion. 2010 edition
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1998, 6 : The energy dilemma : the dominanse of fossil fuels
Earth : the operators' manual
Fossil fuels in a changing climate : impacts of the Kyoto protocol and developing country participation
Chemistry of fossil fuels and biofuels
The burning question : we can't burn half the world's oil, coal and gas. So how do we quit?
Beyond the age of oil : the myths, realities, and future of fossil fuels and their alternatives
The hydrogen economy : the creation of the worldwide energy web and the redistribution of power on earth
Internal combustion : how corporations and governments addicted the world to oil and detrailed the alternatives
Fueling our future : an introduction to sustainable energy
The quest : energy, security, and the remaking of the modern world
Summary (s. 9-13).
Peaking of world oil production : impacts, mitigation and risk management
World energy crisis : a reference handbook
Solid fuels : THERMIE sectoral report : overview of THERMIE activities 1995-1997
Modern fossils : a response to Vadén and Salminen
Zero emissions power cycles
Cold cash, cool climate : science-based advice for ecological entrepreneurs
Social costs of air pollution and fossil fuel use : a macroeconomic approach
Increasing ground level ozone exposures in Finland according to the SRES emission scenarios
In this groundbreaking book, John Urry shows how the twentieth century created a mirage of unlimited future growth that masked its limits. He considers the nature of an oil-dependent world facing energy descent and what lessons can ce learned from past energy-constrained societies. With no large-scale plan B to energize and mobilize societies, Urry assesses the likelihood of some very different futures for this century.
Powerplant technology
"Focusing on today's major fuel resources - ethanol, biodiesel, wood, natural gas, petroleum products and coal - this book discusses the formation, composition and properties of the fuels, and the ways in which they are processed for commercial use. It examines the origin of fuels through natural processes such as photosynthesis and the geological transformation of ancient plant material; the relationships between their composition, molecular structures and physical properties; and the various processes by which they are converted or refined into the fuel products appearing on today's market. Fundamental chemical aspects such as catalysis and the behaviour of reactive intermediates are presented and global warming and anthropogenic carbon dioxide emissions are also discussed. The book is ideal for graduate students in energy engineering, chemical engineering, mechanical engineering and chemistry, as well as professional scientists and engineers"--
The no-nonsense guide to climate change
States and markets in hydrocarbon sectors
Fossil hydrocarbons : chemistry and technology
The future role of coal : markets, supply and the environment : CIAB members ́papers and discussion at the 1998 CIAB plenary
Climate policy and nonrenewable resources : the green paradox an beyond
Transforming the EU power sector: avoiding a carbon lock-in
Energy in the 21st century
Future energy : improved, sustainable and clean options for our planet
