http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7057 bars (eating and drinking establishments)
bars (eating and drinking establishments)
The objective is to measure direct and indirect competitors’ operating strategies, in order to evaluate their performance and make comparisons. The results are essential information for Coyoacán restaurant that will open on November 2014 on the street of Hallituskatu number 27. The 5 companies chosen represent the median values of all the competitors under a 93.75% certainty. The chosen “Subjects of Study” are: 1) Burgeribaari Kauppuri 5 (Bar & Grill Kauppuri 5 Oy) Fast-Food/Bar 2) Fit Wok (The Wokers Oy) 3) Indian Cuisine (Katiusa Oy) 4) Kiinalainen Ravintola Flavour Palace (Suo Zi Oy) 5) Tuba Food & Lounge (Oulu Tours Gorup Oy) Fast-Food/Bar Two “Subjects of Study” represent the Fast-Food/Bar business model, which is a trend of business model that many restaurants and bars are adopting, and they seem to be as well the most successful restaurants in Oulu city center area. Information is collected throughout two main sources researched, interviews and observation. First and second hand sources such as interviews, printed and online materials. All data gathered is spread into two main categories: The Marketing Mix 4 p’s and Jim Collin’s framework. With a 93.75% of certainty this research found out that the Business Model of the Fast-Food/Bar is the most efficient. The sales of alcohol, customer service features and logistics result in highly performance numbers. Subjects of study that fit with this business model are close to tripling the Net Sales of year 2013 in comparison to the rest of the companies. There is no evidence that necessarily hamburgers and beer is the key for success. However it is interesting to point-out that there is still not a Fast-Food/Bar in Oulu that wisely uses the same business model and presents a different menu with interesting and new ideas.
Let's go out again : interiors for restaurants, bars and unusual food places
A photographic compilation of bars and restaurants that focus on giving their patrons the best possible hospitality. Includes material and architechtural details, and floor plans.
Running Your Own Pub
Nightclub : bouncers, risk, and the spectacle of consumption
Monster and chips : night of the living bread
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014: analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
New bars & restaurants 2
CAMRA's 101 beer days out
Night fever : interior design for bars and clubs
The Wordsworth dictionary of pub names
Design elements : in bars and restaurants
101 beer days out
The CAMRA guide to London's best beer, pubs & bars
Planning profits in the food and lodging industry
Start your own bar and club : sports bars, nightclubs, neighborhood bars, wine bars and more!
Drinking matters : public houses and social exchange in early modern Central Europe
Motels, hotels, restaurants and bars : an architectural record book
Cafes & restaurants - 4 : 62 outstanding cafes, tearooms, cafe-bars, restaurants
The charming night
Let's go out! : interiors and architecture for restaurants and bars
Beverage management and bartending
The bar book : elements of cocktail technique
Cafés : designers and design = arquitectura y diseño
The design mix : bars, cocktails & style
Smuggler's Cove : exotic cocktails, rum, and the cult of tiki
Café design : number two
Last call at Elaine's : A journey from one side of the bar to the other
Detail in contemporary bar and restaurant design
The pub, club & grub guide to Washington, D. C.
Responsible sale and service of alcohol : for the tourism, hospitality and retail industries
The autobiography of the Queen : a novel
The old-time saloon : not wet - not dry, just history
Start and run a fish and chip shop or burger bar
Bar excellence : designs for pubs & clubs
The drop
Essential guide to London's retro shops
Beverage management : product knowledge and cost control
Chicago blues : portraits and stories
"Vintage spirits and forgotten cocktails enthusiastically invokes the exotic tastes and styles of bygone eras. It is an homage to the grand beverages and great bartenders of the past, honoring and remembering them with persuasive sips of the lost cocktails they created!" -- P. [4] of cover.
Successful beverage management : proven strategies for the on-premise operator
Eating & drinking 2003 : London's best restaurants, cafés & bars
Melody : story of a nude dancer
Restaurant and bar design III
Design elements 2 : in bars and restaurants
Harry's bar : the life and times of the legendary Venice Landmark
The Bar and Beverage Book : basics of profitable management
The deans of drink : the amazing lives & turbulent times of Harry Johnson & Harry Craddock as seen in a new light
New bar and club design : a century of surface design
New bars and restaurants
The publican's handbook
The tender bar : a memoir
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014 : analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Bars : designer and design = Bares : arquitectura y diseño
Factory Records : the complete graphic album
Night club & bar magazine
Cocktail culture : recipes & techniques from behind the bar
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
The new catering repertoire : Vol. II
"Interior designers and architects worldwide are using new concepts to make going to a restaurant a multisensory experience. Eating is more than a basic physical process. It is a social, aesthetic, and cultural need. We go out to meet friends or business partners, to try a new culinary trend, to relax in the familiarity of our favorite restaurant, or to revel in the multisensory experience of the latest tasting temple. It is always about more than just eating and drinking. We seek dramaturgy, emotion, and adventure. Whether clean sculptural lines, mirrored facades, old industrial fittings, or cozy retro furnishings, Let's Go Out Again shows how interior designers combine at times unusual ingredients to arrive at a tasteful setting for a range of culinary tastes and occasions. Chefs on sabbatical, for example, are given a creative boost at a restaurant Numero 7 in Morocco. In a historical hotel in Sweden, the designers from Stylt Trampoli have created Gotthards Krog by melding plush with the raw history of a mariner. Casa Negra in the Shoreditch district of northeast London not only serves Mexican fare, but also couples Mexican style with British Townhouse elements. The scope of the eateries presented in this book includes classic and unusual restaurant concepts as well as organic food markets, open-air cooking events, and experimental supper clubs that cater only to registered guests. In Let's Go Out Again, the emphasis is on the inspiring, unconventional architecture of the featured restaurants, bars, and cafes. At the same time, the interior design provides a taste of the food and drinks that are served. Interior designers, artists, architects, and restauranteurs around the world design individual event spaces--whether in New York, London, Berlin, or Fes. These inspiring examples illustrate how taste, emotion, and epicurean delights come together to form a congenial entity."--Amazon.
Revision questions on table and bar
Running a bar for dummies, 2nd edition
"Cast aside your cares and worries. Make yourself a Mai Tai, put your favorite exotica record on the hi-fi, and prepare to lose yourself in the fantastical world of tiki, one of the most alluring--and often misunderstood--movements in American cultural history. Martin and Rebecca Cate, founders and owners of Smuggler's Cove (the most acclaimed tiki bar of the modern era) take you on a colorful journey into the lore and legend of tiki: its birth as an escapist fantasy for Depression-era Americans; how exotic cocktails were invented, stolen, and re-invented; Hollywood starlets and scandals; and tiki's modern-day revival. Featuring more than 100 delicious recipes (original and historic), plus a groundbreaking new approach to understanding rum, Smuggler's Cove is the magnum opus of the contemporary tiki renaissance. Whether you're looking for a new favorite cocktail, tips on how to trick out your home tiki grotto, help stocking your bar with great rums, or inspiration for your next tiki party, Smuggler's Cove has everything you need to transform your world into a Polynesian Pop fantasia"--
21st century bars
World's best cocktails : 500 signature drinks from the world's best bars and bartenders
Bar service : a non-technical manual for male and female bar-staff
Behind bars : design for cafes & bars
Beverage sales and service
The best of bars and restaurants
Cafe & milk bar catering
Professional bartending
The waiter and waitress training manual
This guide to marketing for food and drink businesses explains the concept of "tribe building" and how to use it to create dynamic marketing strategies.
The Irish pub
Designing with light : bars and restaurants
Pubs, bars & clubs handbook : advice & ideas for running a successful licensed business
Cafes and bars : the architecture of public display
The restaurant : from concept to operation
Introduction to hospitality
Build your tribe : the new marketing manifesto for restaurants, bars and cafes
Explains the complexities of alcohol and its' sale and supply, and examines the wide range of inter-related associated topics connected to the wider tourism, hospitality and retail industries. It provides a greater awareness of the effects of alcohol and helps readers understand their obligations when selling, supplying or marketing alcohol.
New bar and club design
The CAMRA guide to London's best pubs & bars
Designing the world's best bars
The bar and beverage book
Raise the bar : an action-based method for maximum customer reactions
Cocktail culture in Shanghai : prospects for beverage manufacturers
The search for the perfect pub : looking for the Moon Under Water
Artisanal cocktails : drinks inspired by the seasons from the bar at Cyrus
Cocktails for three
Bar and restaurant : interior structures
Eating & drinking : London's best restaurants, cafes & bars : new full colour maps of London's key restaurant areas
New interior design in Hong Kong : hotels, clubs, restaurants - plus outstanding overseas projects
The 50 best restaurants in Finland ; The best bars
Destination cocktails : the traveler's guide to superior libations
Bar and club design
Vintage spirits and forgotten cocktails : from the alamagoozlum to the zombie and beyond : 100 rediscovered recipes and the stories behind them
Meet me in the bar : classic drinks from America's historic hotels
Bars, clubs & lounges
Contemporary restaurants and bars
The Bols book of cocktails : forty years of winning recipes from the IBA
The story of Irish pub : an intoxicating history of the licensed trade in Ireland
More bars, discos and nightclubs
Managing beverage operations
100 of the world's best bars
Food and beverage service manual
Entertainment rooms : theaters, bars, & game rooms
Confessions of a Karaoke Queen
Bars, pubs, and cafes : hot designs for cool spaces
The night club industry in Helsinki
Gordon Ramsay's great British pub food
Restaurants, clubs and bars : planning,design and investment for food service facilities
