http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7050 partnership
partnership
A public-private partnership (PPP) is a contractual arrangement with appropriate risk sharing between public and private partners for the delivery of public infrastructure or services, which is intended to create value-for-money to the taxpayer. The Routledge Companion to Public-Private Partnerships provides a cutting-edge survey of the field. PPPs remain a highly controversial subject matter globally and this comprehensive and authoritative volume provides a terrific compendium of information for students and scholars charged with understanding, critiquing and advancing this m.
Benchmarking attractive partner programs in indirect sales
Universities and business : partnering for the knowledge society
Partnership and trusteeship in management of development co-operation projects : case of Finnish NGO development co-operation in Tanzania
Small business and the public library : strategies for a successful partnership
The influence of an organisational change to a company partner
The internationalization through franchising : choices, learning and contract terms in the full-service restaurant industry
Outsourcing-insourcing : can vendors make money from the new relationship opportunities?
Getting partnering right : how market leaders are creating long-term competitive advantage
Creating a global network strategy : A case study approach
Creating partnership between a multinational pharmaceutical company and a university hospital in Finland
Social partnerships and responsible business : a research handbook
Abstract.
A road map to the development of European SME networks : towards collaborative innovation
Partnerships in sustainable urban development : experiences from Sweden and Finland
Strategic partnership : an entrepreneur's guide to joint ventures and alliances
Partnership working in mental health care : the nursing dimension
Developing inventory management through partnership
Technology dynamics, network dynamics and partnering : the case of Dutch dedicated life sciences firms
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
Open innovation through strategic alliances : approaches for product, technology, and business model creation
Community development and networking
Co-operation and communication between Aslemetals Oy and Westfalia Mineraloil Systems GmbH
Development proposal for partnership management practices in the ICT company : case: Nokia Siemens Networks
Partner brands selection in co-branding projects
Way to grow! : collaborative branding model for small design enterprises
Corporate partnerships and community development in the Nigerian oil industry : strengths and limitations
The Wilder collaboration factors inventory : assessing your collaboration`s strengths and weaknesses
The collegial phenomenon : the social mechanisms of cooperation among peers in a corporate law partnership
Pieces of the big picture : exploring employment of rehabilitees with European partners
Change the world with service learning : how to organize, lead, and assess service-learning projects
Technical networks' ownership, governance and procurement [Elektroninen aineisto]
The white wo/man's burden in the age of partnership : a postcolonial reading of identity in developmenent aid
Early childhood education and care partnership in Finland
Internationalization of IdeaNet : Evaluation of Strategic Partner Alternatives
David Fisher has lived by the rules all his life. Born to a Mennonite family, he obeyed his father and took over the family farm, married, and had two children. Now with both his kids in college and his wife deceased, he runs his farm alone and without joy, counting off the days of his life half-lived. When gay Manhattan party boy Christie Landon heads to the country for a break, he decides to approach his neighbor, David, with a plan to share meals and grocery expenses. David agrees, and soon the odd couple finds they really enjoy spending time together. Christie brings out feelings in David he buried long ago, and if he can break free of the past, he might find a second chance at happiness.
Engaging business in development : experiences of Finnish companies from business partnership programme Finnpartnership
Evaluation : evolving new partnerships between Finland and Namibia : summary
International management in China : cross-cultural issues
Born into a dream : EuroFaculty and the Council of the Baltic Sea States
Sociability and its enemies : German political theory after 1945
Key account management and planning : the comprehensive handbook for managing your company's most important strategic asset
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership. Parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area. : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations."
Corporate social performance : creating shared value with non-governmental organisations
Partnership for change, experiences in democratic partneships for poverty reduction from Lindi and Mtwara regions, Tanzania : paths for change IV, Rural Integrated Project Support (RIPS) Programme phase III = Wenza katika maendeleo: uoefu wa ushirikishwaji wa kidemokrasia katika kupunguza umaskini kutoka mikoa yaLindi na Mtwara, Tanzania ; nijia za maendelo IV, Programu ya Uwiano wa Maendeleo Vijijini (RIPS) awamu ya III
Building, leading, and managing strategic alliances : how to work effectively and profitably with partner companies
Hotel networks in a tourism destination
Evolving partnership in a buyer - supplier relationship
Strategic alliances : theory and evidence
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
Networks and partnerships in third party logistics service production
Parent partnerships in the early years
The dead
The old man's love story
Identification of characteristics for successful university-company partnership development
Oxford and the decline of the collegiate tradition
Towards an authentic North-South NGO Partnership : a case study of the cooperation between Emmaus Helsinki and Yayasan Penghibur
Trust in knowledge management and systems in organizations
This collection critically examines the motivations for, processes within, and expected and actual outcomes of cross-sector partnerships. In opening up new theoretical, methodological, and practical perspectives on cross-sector social interactions, this book reimagines partnerships in order to explore the potential to contribute to the social good. A multi-disciplinary perspective on partnerships adds serious value to the debate in a range of fields including management, politics, public management, sociology, development studies, and international relations. Contributors to the volume reflect many of these diverse perspectives, enabling the book to provide an account of partnerships that is theoretically rich and methodologically varied.
Contingency approach to the partnering of small knowledge intensive companies
Home, school, and community collaboration : culturally responsive family involvement
Cooperation and partnering with UNHCR covernmental, non covernmental and business organizations
Lean IT partnering : how partners create value by developing a lean culture for it supply and management
Developing improvement objectives for Teollisuuden Voima Oy's external supplier relationship management and internal buyer-user relationship management
Partnering as a strategy to approach new markets : case Anders Inno
Deadly duos : partners in crime and their addiction to murder
An analysis of participants’ experiences of HELMO workshops
Collaborative entrepreneurship : how communities of networked firms use continuous innovation to create economic wealth
Pre-contractual partnering for office transformation projects
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Emerging Opportunities for NGO-Business Partnerships: Creating Partnerships for Igbo Women Forum in Nigeria
Profit from software ecosystems: Business models, ecosystems and partnerships in the software Industry
Beyond the classroom : parents as partners in education
Co-operational activities in finnish companies : experiences gained from the past and attitudes towards the future
Joint venturing
Trust and partnership : strategic IT management for turbulent times
Improving LSP collaboration
Beyond pragmatism : appraising UN-business partnerships
Education, training and the economy : preparing young people for a changing labour market
A Guide to innovative public-private partnerships : utilizing the resources of the private sector for the public good
Connected community - a new approach to business strategy
Striving for strategic partnership in hospitality industry : Case study: Company X and Company Y
Partnerships for rural development
Co-operation and interaction between people can be considered as central key factors for success. An organisation without any partnerships could not survive in an increasingly globalised, competitive and uncertain environment. Especially organisations which operate among service industry have to put effort on co-operation and interaction. This is because the product that is sold is service. There are always chances of potential cultural conflicts and misunderstandings in every cross-cultural partnership. Therefore cultural differences are something that should be taken seriously.    This thesis was done on Aurinkomatkat's assignment for Destination Services and Production departments. The thesis was implemented during fall 2010 and winter 2011. The purpose was primarily to try to answer what procedures improve the co-operation and what factors may possibly weaken the co-operation. Also the current state of the functionality of co-operation was examined. The research was implemented both from Aurinkomatkat destination managers' and from contract managers' point of views.    Both quantitative and qualitative methods were used as research methods. The main research method was an online survey. The respondents of the survey were Aurinkomatkat's destination managers. The total response percentage was 36.25%. Two contracting managers were interviewed about the same kinds of issues than the destination managers were asked in the survey.    The research results showed that in general the co-operation between Aurinkomatkat and their partners abroad works well. Sharing information and misunderstandings were listed as the biggest challenges and issues that cause conflicts. Cultural differences such as different kind of concept of time affects to co-operation. Areas of improvements were recognised and the most meaningful of them were more open communication between all the partners, clearer views of who to inform and more common get-togethers with the partners.
Remnants : A Novel
Stakeholders' competence expectations for RDSS organization
Finding the right partner for expanding services over to the UK market : case study/action research
Partnerships : machines of possibility
Building a Collaborative Network for Smooth Market Penetration for Finnish Bioenergy Companies in Africa : Case: MHG Systems Oy/Feedstock Optimum Ltd
Entering India : case: Business Game Factory Ltd
Community engagement in higher education : policy reforms and practice
Collaborate : the art of we
An integrative perspective of social exchange theory and transaction cost theory on the antecedents of trust and trust-performance relationship in international joint ventures : evidence from Nordic multinational firms
The travel agency business has been experiencing rapid changes during the recent years as consolidation has resulted in larger company size thus intensifying competition. In such an environment smaller companies have been finding it increasingly difficult to operate successfully. One way for smaller companies to survive in the competition is to form partnerships and thus gain access to similar economies of scale that the multiple-outlet companies have.  The topic of partnership formation was approached through an actual travel agency partnership that has been experiencing difficulties with launching the operations and that has hitherto not been able to fulfil the partners' expectations. In order to find out how travel agencies can form partnerships and operate them efficiently a case-study of a recently established partnership of five independent travel agencies was conducted. The research focused on organisational structure and aimed at finding out how structure affects efficiency in hybrid organisations that are formed when companies join together to form partnerships.  As a basis for the research a theoretical framework for developing structure in hybrid organisations was developed. The framework begins by observing organisational structure on a general level, that may be applied to all kinds of organisations, and proceeds to examining a step-by-step model for progressing in partnership formation.  The research method used was a qualitative case-study research following the interpretivist research philosophy. The data collection was conducted with semi-structured interviews with the owner/managers of the five companies that form the partnership. The data was then analysed by using content analysis.  The analysis indicated the current structure of the organisation to be non-existent due to lack of planning regarding structure. The research also revealed significant differences in the partners' perceptions regarding the partnership, which contributed to their views of what problems exist in the current organisation and how they could be resolved. These differences between the partners require immediate attention from the management before the organisation may be developed further.
Finding a potential partner for Upcode Ltd Finland : case study Databank Ltd, Ghana
Partner programs of Finnish software companies : the view of the core company
Journal of Early Childhood Education Research
Partnerships and collaboration in higher education
Organisational structure of a partnership of travel agencies : structural issues of a recently established partnership of small independent travel agencies in Finland
Evolving partnerships : guide to workingwith business for greater social change
The impact of relational orientation to project business performance
Towards more ethical engagements in North–South education sector partnerships
Working together : why great partnerships  succeed
Co-operation and partnerships in tourism : a global perspective
Global airline alliances play a major role in the aviation business today. Allying is one of the survival strategies of airlines. The global alliances operating today, Star Alliance, oneworld and Skyteam are largest organisations and the member airlines are naturally affected by the cooperation.     The interaction in the global airline alliances is examined with the help of using one of the three large global alliances, oneworld, as an example. The framework of this thesis is the theory of global airline alliances and more specifically the cooperation forms of the members in the alliances. The goal is to enlighten the significance of cooperation in an alliance for a member airline.      The thesis was conducted as natural continuation to the author's concentration studies in the field of aviation in University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef in Germany. The research for the thesis was started in summer 2008. The process of writing was longer than planned and was finished in the fall of 2009.    oneworld airline alliance is introduced in more detail with the structure, strengths and weaknesses. Two of the members, Finnair and American Airlines are introduced with more detail as they are a significant source for the research in the form of interviews from companies' representatives and a frontline worker, airline purser. The data for the research was collected from interviews and secondary data.     The areas of interview questions were cooperation forms such as code sharing, ground services and staff sharing, power in the alliance, idea of seamless travel, role of alliance coordinators and headquarters in Vancouver, and current projects. The findings of these interviews were gathered and discussed under three themes: commitment, culture and democracy. The topic of the research is large and this thesis was only an introduction to the interaction in alliances. The results did however discover interesting areas of the alliance cooperation such as areas that have not been made use of and the direction towards closer cooperation. The research suggests that commitment in the alliance is strong as investments made by the members are high. However, efforts in the area of shared training have been low.
From trade to partnership, an IT-based service supplier and forest industry customer case
Stakeholders ́ competence expectations for RDSS organization
Alliance partner selection : a literarature review
Co-branding as a tool for strategic brand activation : how to find the ideal partner - an explanatory case study in the fashion and design sector
Digging for disclosure : tactics for protecting your firm ́s assets from swindlers, scammers, and imposters
Nordic partners of NATO : how similar are Finland and Sweden within NATO cooperation?
The development of co-operation between TNT Finland Oy and Matkahuolto Oy
Value co-creation in industrial buyer-seller partnerships - creating and exploiting interdependencies : an empirical case study
Working in partnerships : an ethnographic study on volunteers' narratives of establishing, managing and ending partnerships between Finnish and Indian NGOs
Consepts for the construction of an ontology for knowledge sharing in cross-border networks
Affiliate Marketing Plan : case: MSO.fi
International strategy : context, concepts and implications
Strategic supply chain management : the five disciplines for top performance
"Sociability and Its Enemies contributes both to contemporary studies of political theory and to discourse on postwar Germany by reconstructing the arguments concerning the nature and value of sociability as a form of interaction and interconnection particular to modern bourgeois society. Jakob Norberg argues that the writings of Hannah Arendt, Jürgen Habermas, Carl Schmitt, and the historian Reinhart Koselleck present conflicting responses to a hitherto neglected question or point of contention: whether bourgeois sociability should serve as a therapeutic practice and politically relevant ideal for postwar Germany. The book sheds light on previously neglected historical and conceptual connections among political theorists, and it enriches established narratives of postwar intellectual history." --P. [4] of cover.
Managing the pricing of integrated solutions in export partnerships
Partnership formation in small biotechnology companies : Focus on challenges and success factors
Growing business through partnerships
Leading biotechnology alliances : right from the start
Co-operation in action : collaborative initiatives in the world of information
Abtract.
Undergraduate & graduate performance development in UK Higher Education
Tourism collaboration and partnerships : politics, practice and sustainability
Issues in the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership : A critical discourse analysis
Navigating the partnership maze : creating alliances that work
Connected community : a new approach to business strategy
Education sector programs in developing countries : socio-political and cultural perspectives
Partnership in civil society : a case of building trust between non-profit associations and international NGOs in Lao PDR
Last 50 years have been witness significant changes in production processes fuelled by rapid technological advances, easy access to information and an ongoing trend towards globalization. As the level of commercial exchanges between countries grew, competition between firms became more intense, concurring to increased and improved product offers and need for continuous innovation. Most firms faced the dilemma of either becoming global players or vanish. In their endeavours to survive or gain supremacy on the market, firms further developed not only their product offering, but also worked out new business models and strategies that helped them to use their resources at their best and strengthen market position. Consequently, last decades have been witness significant shifts from traditional strategic approaches, based on vertical integration, towards promotion of collaboration and innovation in inter-firm relationships, and also visible trends towards diversifying firms' business strategies. As prestigious scholars had noticed correlations between company's success rate and its business model, the study of strategies employed by modern businesses became more wide-spread than before. The present thesis tries to bring into light one strategic approach that is becoming more and more popular among firms: connected community, also know as open business ecosystem strategy. It involves collaboration between business partners and competitors, for the research and development of innovative products and services that suits best customer's needs. By fostering collaboration and sharing principles, the strategy changes somehow the paradigm that implies the fact that only fierce competition can increase a firm' market share, showing that cooperation and fair practices have potential to play a significant role in an enterprise success. Using methods specific to case study research, the thesis make the reader understand what is a connected community strategy, how the strategy is applied in real-life situations, what are its benefits, and what kind of challenges could be meet when applying it. Aiming to offer an easy to understand guide about connected community strategy, the thesis combines a wide range of theoretical sources acquired from the works of well-acknowledged scholars, with practical examples from ARM Corp, the case-study company. By being able to offer a comprehensive image about the strategy, the thesis can be used as a stating point for the study of connected community concept, or for the ones willing to adopt an connected community approach in their business environment.
How can CharterFinland Oy's network bus companies benefit from the companies partnership with the Global Passanger Network
Strategic alliances : three ways to make them work
Handbook of engaged scholarship : contemporary landscapes, future directions. Volume one, Institutional change
Family and school partnership in a function of strenghtening individual upbringing work
Adapt or die : transforming your supply chain into an adaptive business network
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership : parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations"
Joint ventures in agriculture : lessons from land reform projects in South Africa
Organizational collaboration : themes and issues
Building networks
Co-operation and partnership relations between Oy Aurinkomatkat - Suntours Ltd Ab and their partners abroad
Alliance integration : case oneworld
Devoted : 38 extraordinary tales of love, loyality and life with dogs
The social labs revolution : a new approach to solving our most complex challenges
Etta and Otto and Russell and James
Trust and opportunism in a dyadic partnership
Governance of tenure making it happen voluntary guidelines on the responsible governance of tenure of land, fisheries and forests in the context of national food security
The key activities of partnership development in China : a study of Sino-Finnish partnerships
The effect of trust and control to innovative partnership
Improving the Follow-up of Incentives in Partner programs
Creating co-branding strategy for partner network
Assessing the impact of public-private partnerships in the global south : the case of the Kasur Tanneries Pollution Control Project
Insider strategies for outsourcing information systems : building productive partnerships, avoiding seductive traps
The Routledge companion to public-private partnerships
Alliances, outsourcing and the lean organization
Partnerships in urban planning : "development area" in national and local contexts in Finland, Germany and Britain
Turn your mate into your soulmate : a practical guide to happily ever after
Comparative content analysis for the use of "strategic alliance" in announcements and journals
The Microsoft edge : insider strategies for building success
A second harvest
Handbook of engaged scholarship : contemporary landscapes, future directions. Volume two, Community-campus partnerships
The effect of establishment motives in international joint venture partner selection and performance
Investing in Europe's regions and cities : public and private partners for growth and jobs
Globalization and strategic alliances : the case of the airline industry
The leadership pill : the missing ingredient in motivating people today
"This book is designed for every student who will be involved in managing and advising companies that compete internationally or face international competitors. Designed around the course at Harvard Business School, Collis' new text takes the firm which operates across borders as a unit of analysis and the senior manager in a multinational as the typical decision-maker. Illustrated with examples from companies of all sizes from around the globe, this text provides students with the means to navigate their way through the decisions they will face and formulate an effective business strategy. This is a much-needed guide to the common strategic issues that arise when firms compete internationally"--
Evaluation : Finnish partnership agreement scheme : summary
"Proven methodologies to enhance business value by exploiting the latest global technology trends and best business and IT practicesThere is no doubt that a tidal wave of change is hitting the area of business technology; new business models are forming around the cloud, new insights on how an enterprise runs is being aided by mining massive transactional and operational data sets. Decision-making is becoming almost prescient through new classes of data visualization, data analytics, and dashboards. Despite the promise of technologies to make a difference, or perhaps because of it, IT organizations face continued challenges in realizing partnerships and trust with their business partners.While many books take on elements of these emerging developments or address the stubborn barriers to "real" partnership, none make the practices involved fit together in a highly effective fashion - until now. Strategic IT Management in Turbulent Times reveals how this framework ensures that organizations make the right strategic decisions to succeed in times of turbulence and change. Draws together authors with global experience including the Americas, Europe, Pacific Rim, and Africa Offers a comprehensive framework for IT and business managers to maximize the value IT brings to business Addresses the effects of turbulence on business and IT Focuses on developing partnerships and trust with business With practical examples and implementation guidance based on proven techniques developed by the authors over the past twenty years, Strategic IT Management in Turbulent Times considers the challenges facing today's enterprise, IT's critical role in value creation, and the practical road map for achieving strategic IT management competencies"--
