http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7065 consciousness (mental objects)
consciousness (mental objects)
Dialectics, self-consciousness, and recognition : the Hegelian legacy
Culture and consciousness : literature regained
Cognition, creativity and behavior : selected essays
Ontology, causality and mind : essays in honour of D. M. Armstrong
Screen consciousness : cinema, mind and world
The doors of perception
Language and bilingual cognition : edited by Vivian Cook and Benedetta Bassetti
Unthink
Human brain function
Mitä me oikeastaan tiedämme?! : What the bleep do we (k)now?!
The Blackwell companion to consciousness
Psychology : the brain, the person, the world
The nature of mind and other essays
Waking, dreaming, being : self and consciousness in neuroscience, meditation, and philosophy
Mind, space, and time stream : understanding and navigating your states of consciousness
Ten problems of consciousness : a representational theory of the phenomenal mind
Theories of consciousness : an introduction and assessment
Consciousness : a very short introduction
Kant was one of the inventors of anthropology, and his lectures on anthropology were the most popular and among the most frequently given of his lecture courses. This volume contains the first translation of selections from student transcriptions of the lectures between 1772 and 1789, prior to the published version, Anthropology from a Pragmatic Point of View (1798), which Kant edited himself at the end of his teaching career. The two most extensive texts, Anthropology Friedländer (1772) and Anthropology Mrongovius (1786), are presented here in their entirety, along with selections from all the other lecture transcriptions published in the Academy edition, together with sizeable portions of the Menschenkunde (1781-1782), first published in 1831. These lectures show that Kant had a coherent and well-developed empirical theory of human nature bearing on many other aspects of his philosophy, including cognition, moral psychology, politics and philosophy of history.
Self-consciousness and intersubjectivity in Hegel's encyclopedia Philosophy of subjective spirit (1830)
The character of consciousness
Caging the beast : a theory of sensory consciousness
Psychology in context
Fictional minds
The radiance of being : complexity, chaos and the evolution of consciousness
Out of our heads : why you are not your brain, and other lessons from the biology of consciousness
Frontiers of consciousness
An invitation to cognitive science. Vol. 2, Visual cognition and action
Avicenna on subjectivity : a philosophical study
Problems in philosophy : the limits of inquiry
Psychology : frontiers and applications
The experience of philosophy
Neural basis of consciousness
This dance of the mind
Awareness : what it is, what it does
The philosophy of mind : the metaphysics of consciousness
Noë suggests that rather than being something that happens inside us, consciousness is something we do. Debunking an outmoded philosophy that holds the scientific study of consciousness captive, Out of Our Heads is a fresh attempt at understanding our minds and how we interact with the world around us.
A mind so rare : the evolution of human consciousness
Bewusstsein = Consciousness
"When people speak, their words never fully encode what they mean, and the context is always compatible with a variety of interpretations. How can comprehension ever be achieved? Wilson and Sperber argue that comprehension is a process of inference guided by precise xpectations of relevance. What are the relations between the linguistically encoded meanings studied in semantics and the thoughts that humans are capable of entertaining and conveying? How should we analyse literal meaning, approximations, metaphors and ironies? Is the ability to understand speakers' meanings rooted in a more general human ability to understand other minds? How do these abilities interact in evolution and in cognitive development? Meaning and Relevance sets out to answer these and other questions, enriching and updating relevance theory and exploring its implications for linguistics, philosophy, cognitive science and literary studies"--
The holotropic mind : the three levels of human consciousness and how they shape our lives
Hegel's absolute : an introduction to reading the Phenomenology of spirit
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
The search for mind : a new foundation for cognitive science
A philosophic study of non-conceptualized auditory sensations : mental states as functionally interpreted abstract dispositions
Content and consciousness
Gut feelings : the intelligence of the unconscious
Mindworks : time and conscious experience
Projectiology : a panorama of experiences of the consciousness outside the human body
The Doors of Perception ; Heaven and Hell
Figments of reality : the evolution of the curious mind
"In his acclaimed book The End of Science, John Horgan ignited a firestorm of controversy about the limits of knowledge in a wide range of sciences. Now in The Undiscovered Mind he focuses on the single most important scientific enterprise of all -- the effort to understand the human mind. Horgan takes us inside laboratories, hospitals, and universities to meet neuro-scientists, Freudian analysts, electroshock therapists, behavioral geneticists, evolutionary psychologists, artificial intelligence engineers, and philosophers of consciousness. He looks into the persistent explanatory gap between mind and body that Socrates pondered and shows that it has not been bridged. He investigates what he calls the "Humpty Dumpty dilemma," the fact that neuroscientists can break the brain and mind into pieces but cannot put the pieces back together again. He presents evidence that the placebo effect is the primary ingredient of psychotherapy, Prozac, and other treatments for mental disorders. As Horgan shows, the mystery of human consciousness, of why and how we think, remains so impregnable that to expect the attempts of scientific method and technology to penetrate it anytime soon is absurd." -- (Back Cover)
Dimensions of conscious experience
Describing inner experience? : proponent meets skeptic
Visual cognition and action : an invitation to cognitive science. Vol. 2
English abstract.
The natural mind : a revolutionary approach to the drug problem
Consciousness : confessions of a romantic reductionist
Wishes fulfilled : mastering the art of manifesting
Consciousness has long been a subject of interest in philosophy and religion but only relatively recently has it become subject to scientific investigation. Now, more than ever before, we are beginning to understand this mental state. Developmental psychologists understand when we first develop a sense of self; neuropsychologists see which parts of the brain activate when we think about ourselves and which parts of the brain control that awareness.Cognitive scientists have mapped the circuitry that allows machines to have some form of self awareness, and neuroscientists investigate similar circuitry in the human brain. Research that once was separate inquiries in discreet disciplines is converging. List serves and small conferences focused on consciousness are proliferating. New journals have emerged in this field. A huge number of monographs and edited treatises have recently been published on consciousness, but there is no recognized entry point to the field, no comprehensive summary.This encyclopedia is that reference. Organized alphabetically by topic, coverage encompasses a summary of major research and scientific thought regarding the nature of consciousness, the neural circuitry involved, how the brain, body, and world interact, and our understanding of subjective states. The work includes contributions covering neuroscience, psychology, philosophy, and artificial intelligence to provide a comprehensive backdrop to recent and ongoing investigations into the nature of conscious experience from a philosophical, psychological, and biological perspective.
Lectures on anthropology
The secret world of sleep : the surprising science of the mind at rest
How to make a human being : a body of evidence
Privileged access : philosophical accounts of self-knowledge
Emotion and consciousness
Cajal and consciousness : scientific approaches to consciousness on the centennial of Ramón y Cajal's Textura
The first-person perspective and other essays
Articles on experiences. 3, Christmas experiences
The waves
What you don't know you know : our hidden motives in life, business, and everything else
Human nature explored
Consciousness : creeping up on the hard problem
Language and cognition
Constructing the self
Thomas Reid : ethics, aesthetics, and the anatomy of the self
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
Out-of-body awareness
An arrow through chaos : how we see into the future
The neural processes generating visual phenomenal consciousness : ERP and neuronavigated brain stimulation studies
Ray Kurzweil, the bold futurist and author of the New York Times bestseller The Singularity Is Near, is arguably today’s most influential technological visionary. A pioneering inventor and theorist, he has explored for decades how artificial intelligence can enrich and expand human capabilities. Now, in his much-anticipated How to Create a Mind, he takes this exploration to the next step: reverse-engineering the brain to understand precisely how it works, then applying that knowledge to create vastly intelligent machines. Drawing on the most recent neuroscience research, his own research and inventions in artificial intelligence, and compelling thought experiments, he describes his new theory of how the neocortex (the thinking part of the brain) works: as a self-organizing hierarchical system of pattern recognizers. Kurzweil shows how these insights will enable us to greatly extend the powers of our own mind and provides a road map for the creation of super-intelligence—humankind’s most exciting next venture. We are now at the dawn of an era of radical possibilities in which merging with our technology will enable us to effectively address the world’s grand challenges. How to Create a Mind is certain to be one of the most widely discussed and debated science books in many years—a touchstone for any consideration of the path of human progress.
Summary.
An invitation to cognitive science. Vol. 3, Thinking
Phenomenal contents of consciousness during anesthesia
Emerging cognitive abilities in early infancy
Sleep as a state of consciousness in Advaita Vedānta
How to create a mind : the secret of human thought revealed
Philosophy of mind : an introduction
Conscience and Jung's moral vision : from id to thou
Higher-order theories of consciousness : an appraisal and application
Intentionality and the problem of the unconscious
The essential Fromm : life between having and being
What is consciousness? How does the subjective character of consciousness fit into an objective world? How can there be a science of consciousness? In this sequel to his groundbreaking and controversial The Conscious Mind, David Chalmers develops a unified framework that addresses these questions and many others. Starting with a statement of the "hard problem" of consciousness, Chalmers builds a positive framework for the science of consciousness and a nonreductive vision of the metaphysics of consciousness. He replies to many critics of The Conscious Mind, and then develops a positive theory in new directions. The book includes original accounts of how we think and know about consciousness, of the unity of consciousness, and of how consciousness relates to the external world. Along the way, Chalmers develops many provocative ideas: the "consciousness meter", the Garden of Eden as a model of perceptual experience, and The Matrix as a guide to the deepest philosophical problems about consciousness and the external world. This book will be required reading for anyone interested in the problems of mind, brain, consciousness, and reality.
Perspectives on mind
Knowing our own minds
Consciousness, theatre, literature and the arts
Quantifying consciousness : an empirical approach
No matter, never mind : proceedings of toward a science of consciousness : fundamental approaches (Tokyo '99)
The art of living consciously : the power of awareness to transform everyday life
Behavioral methods in consciousness research
Epilepsy and consciousness : subjective experiences in partial epileptic seizures
Meaning and relevance
The psychology of consciousness
Exploring consciousness
Encyclopedia of consciousness
The undiscovered mind : how the human brain defies replication, medication, and explanation
The analysis of mind
E pluribus unum : scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Ecstasy : in and about altered states : [Los Angeles, The Museum of Contemporary Art, 9 October 2005 - 20 February 2006] / organized by Paul Schimmel with Gloria Sutton ; edited by Lisa Mark ; essays by Carolyn Christov-Bakargiev ... [et al.]
Zen and the art of consciousness
Alterations in the states and contents of consciousness : empirical and theoretical aspects
Mindware : an introduction to the philosophy of cognitive science
#What Is A Near Death Experience?
Flying saucers : a modern myth of things seen in the skies
Consciousness transitions : phylogenetic, ontogenetic, and physiological aspects
Delirium in old patients with femoral neck fracture : risk factors, outcome, prevention and treatment
Neurochemistry of consciousness : neorotransmitters in mind
Mind, self and person
This book provides a comprehensive and novel theory of consciousness. In clear and non-technical language, Christopher Hill provides interrelated accounts of six main forms of consciousness - agent consciousness, propositional consciousness (consciousness that), introspective consciousness, relational consciousness (consciousness of), experiential consciousness, and phenomenal consciousness. He develops the representational theory of mind in new directions, showing in detail how it can be used to undercut dualistic accounts of mental states. In addition he offers original and stimulating discussions of a range of psychological phenomena, including visual awareness, pain, emotional qualia, and introspection. His important book will interest a wide readership of students and scholars in philosophy of mind and cognitive science.
Sweet dreams : philosophical obstacles to a science of consciousness
Sweet heart
"Unity pervades all activity as water every wave" : principal teachings and philosophy of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
