http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7066 becoming aware
becoming aware
Listening to nature : how to deepen your awareness of nature
Emotional alchemy : how the mind can heal the heart
"The key is awareness rather than repetition" : a multisensory pronunciation teaching intervention in a Finnish EFL context
Unchained memories : true stories of traumatic memories, lost and found
Mindfulness and psychotherapy
The unconscious abyss : Hegel's anticipation of psychoanalysis
Roots and collapse of empathy : human nature at its best and at its worst
Education for critical consciousness
"This book presents a functional taxonomy to see, understand, and manipulate the roots of life's conflicts. You will have the background, the principles, and a collection of tricks to manage and ideally avoid dangerous conflicts. You may not realize that your reactions to conflict are subconscious, scripted, and for the good of the group. Once recognized, you can take actions that will reduce your being caught up in conflicts."--Publisher.
The priority of the other : thinking and living beyond the self
Health economics and outcome studies on type 2 diabetes education and screening in a Chinese population
The conception of citizen knowledge in democratic theory
The good life with Jesse Dylan : redefining health with the greatest visionaries of our time
Cosmetic surgery is the fastest growing medical speciality in both the U.S. and western Europe. The surgical fix' belongs to the growing arsenal of practices and technologies which are aimed at transforming the female body for the sake of beauty.' Despite its increasing popularity, cosmetic surgery is controversial. It raises the question of why women are willing to put themselves under the knife for operations which are painful, expensive, risky and often leave them in worse shape than they were before. Reshaping the Female Body attempts to make sense of women's involvement in cosmetic surgery. Whereas traditional explanations have tended to look to female narcissism, lack of self-esteem and susceptibility to the lures of consumer capitalism and myths of eternal youth or perfect beauty, Kathy Davis situates cosmetic surgery in a feminist analysis of the cultural constraints of femininity. At the same time, however, she argues against the notion that women who have cosmetic surgery are victims of ideological manipulation, blindly complying with cultural definitions of feminine beauty. Cosmetic surgery is less about beauty than about being ordinary. Davis argues that, paradoxically, cosmetic surgery can be a way for some women to become embodied subjects who by reshaping their bodies can remake their lives. She cautions against condemning cosmetic surgery as inherently repressive and, therefore, politically incorrect,' arguing instead for an approach which accepts the unease which cosmetic surgery invokes, while taking seriously the reasons of women who see it as their only option under the circumstances. Reshaping the Female Body sees cosmetic surgery as a dilemma: both symptom and solution, oppression and liberation, all in one.
Media, consciousness, and culture : explorations of Walter Ong's thought
Optimal experience : psychological studies of flow in consciousness
Reshaping the female body : the dilemma of cosmetic surgery
The mandala of being  : discovering the power of awareness
How to be a philosopher, or How to be almost certain that almost nothing is certain
Learning and awareness
Making sense of the teenage body : :  sociological perspectives on girls, changing bodies and knowledge
The character of consciousness
Explaining consciousness : the "hard problem"
Theory U : leading from the future as it emerges : the social technology of presencing
Implicit learning and consciousness : an empirical, philosophical and computational consensus in the making
Involuntary memory
"'I never can catch myself at any time without a perception, and never can observe any thing but the perception.' These famous words of David Hume, on his inability to perceive the self, set the stage for JeeLoo Liu and John Perry's collection of essays on self-awareness and self-knowledge. This volume connects recent scientific studies on consciousness with the traditional issues about the self explored by
Consciousness and the self : new essays
Willful blindness : why we ignore the obvious at our peril
Out of our heads : why you are not your brain, and other lessons from the biology of consciousness
Introducing consciousness
Children's conceptions of alcohol
The new science of dreaming. Vol. 3, Cultural and theoretical perspectives
The crucible of consciousness : an integrated theory of mind and brain
Philosophy of mind : classical and contemporary readings
Teachings of the Buddha : the wisdom of the dharma, from the pali canon to the sutras
The awakening course : the secret to solving all problems
Aspects of consciousness. Vol. 3, Awareness and self-awareness
The user illusion : cutting consciousness down to size
Noë suggests that rather than being something that happens inside us, consciousness is something we do. Debunking an outmoded philosophy that holds the scientific study of consciousness captive, Out of Our Heads is a fresh attempt at understanding our minds and how we interact with the world around us.
A mind so rare : the evolution of human consciousness
Representing managerial cognition : the causal mapping approach
Revolution in poetic consciousness : an existential reading of mid-twentieth-century British woman's poetry. Vol. 3, Poetic consciousness and lyrical expression : the ethos of fantasy : the ethos of anonymity
Change your life, change your world : ten spiritual lessons for a new way of being and living
Tacit knowledge in organizations
Lucid living : life is a dream and you can wake up
Questioning consciousness : the interplay of imagery, cognition, and emotion in the human brain
Content and consciousness
Universals in the context of Juri Lotman's semiotics = Universaalidest Juri Lotmani semiootika kontekstis = Ob universaliâh v kontekste semiotiki Ûriâ Lotmana
The making of the modern mind
Preconscious perceptual processing of spider and snake stimuli as indicated by EEG in fearful and nonfearful subjects
Tacit knowledge in professional practice : researcher and practitioner perspectives
Dimensions of conscious experience
Glamorous illusions : a novel
Conflict communication : a new paradigm in conscious communication
Understanding the formation of managers' cognitive maps : a comparative case study of context traces in two business firm clusters
Assessing mindfulness & acceptance processes in clients : illuminating the theory & practice of change
Mind set! : eleven ways to change the way you see- and create - the future
Altered states of consciousness : a book of readings
The inner touch : archaeology of a sensation
War and the 20th century : a study of war and modern consciousness
Incognito : the secret lives of the brain
Wishes fulfilled : mastering the art of manifesting
The Freudian unconscious in the context of the cognitive orientation
Psychological perspectives on self and identity
Out of mind : varieties of unconscious processes
Self-knowing agents
Process approaches to consciousness in psychology, neuroscience, and philosophy of mind
Do you dream in color? If you answer Yes, how can you be sure? Before you recount your vivid memory of a dream featuring all the colors of the rainbow, consider that in the 1950s, researchers found that most people reported dreaming in black and white. In the 1960s when most movies were in color and more people had color television sets the vast majority of reported dreams contained color. The most likely explanation for this, according to philosopher Eric Schwitzgebel, is not that exposure to black-and-white media made people misremember their dreams. It is that we simply don't know whether or not we dream in color. In Perplexities of Consciousness, Schwitzgebel examines various aspects of inner life (dreams, mental imagery, emotions, and other subjective phenomena) and argues that we know very little about our stream of conscious experience. In fact, he contends, we are prone to gross error about our ongoing emotional, visual, and cognitive experiences. Western philosophical tradition is nearly unanimous on the accuracy of our knowledge or current conscious experience. Schwitzgebel is skeptical. Drawing broadly from historical and recent philosophy and psychology to examine such topics as visual perspective, human echolocation (about which he is doubtful), and the unreliability of introspection even about emotional states (do we really enjoy Christmas? a family dinner?), he finds us singularly inept in our judgments about conscious experience.
Wishes Fulfilled : Mastering the Art of Manifesting
Promoting equality : activities on fighting discrimination in ..
EU action against discrimination : activity report 2007-08
Cajal and consciousness : scientific approaches to consciousness on the centennial of Ramón y Cajal's Textura
The thinking organization
A case for irony
States of consciousness
Knowledge and reflexivity : new frontiers in the sociology of knowledge
Destructive emotions and how we can overcome them : a dialogue with Dalai Lama
Seeking heaven : sound journeys into the beyond
Toward a science of consciousness : the second Tucson discussions and debates
The celestine vision : living the new spiritual awareness
Melancholia : the Western malady
Who are you meant to be? : a groundbreaking step-by-step process for discovering and fulfilling your true potential
This book describes the attempt in post-Communist Hungary to distort and denigrate the Holocaust, often by respectable public figures such as intellectuals, members of parliament, and influential government and party leaders. Such figures appeared resolved to explain and justify Hungary's linkage to Nazi Germany, rehabilitate the Horthy regime, and absolve the country of any responsibility for the deaths of approximately 550,000 of its Jewish citizens.
Exploring inner experience : the descriptive experience sampling method
The treatment of the Holocaust in Hungary and Romania during the post-communist era
Revolution in Poetic Consciousness : an existential reading of mid-twentieth-century British woman's poetry. Vol.1, Poetry, self and culture
Awareness of dying
The essential Fromm : life between having and being
Family violence in a cultural perspective : defining, understanding, and combating abuse
What is consciousness? How does the subjective character of consciousness fit into an objective world? How can there be a science of consciousness? In this sequel to his groundbreaking and controversial The Conscious Mind, David Chalmers develops a unified framework that addresses these questions and many others. Starting with a statement of the "hard problem" of consciousness, Chalmers builds a positive framework for the science of consciousness and a nonreductive vision of the metaphysics of consciousness. He replies to many critics of The Conscious Mind, and then develops a positive theory in new directions. The book includes original accounts of how we think and know about consciousness, of the unity of consciousness, and of how consciousness relates to the external world. Along the way, Chalmers develops many provocative ideas: the "consciousness meter", the Garden of Eden as a model of perceptual experience, and The Matrix as a guide to the deepest philosophical problems about consciousness and the external world. This book will be required reading for anyone interested in the problems of mind, brain, consciousness, and reality.
A cognitive theory of consciousness
Risk acceptability according to the social sciences
The world without, the mind within : an essay on first-person authority
Recovered memories of abuse : true or false?
Conscience and purpose : fiction and social consciousness in Howells, Jewett, Chesnutt, and Cather
The machinic unconscious : essays in schizoanalysis
Revolution in Poetic Consciousness : an existential reading of mid-twentieth-century British woman's poetry. Vol. 2, Poetic consciousness and lyrical expression : the ethos of Interiority : the ethos of the numinous
The little book of big promises : a three-step process for uncovering your soul's plan
Effective intentions : the power of conscious will
Wilful blindness : why we ignore the obvious at our peril
Mass consciousness of youth and cinema
Perplexities of consciousness
Persuasive fictions : feminist narrative and critical myth
Art, technology, consciousness : mind@large
The evolution of consciousness : of Darwin, Freud, and cranial fire : the origins of the way we think
Agency and self-awareness : issues in philosophy and psychology
Journal of consciousness studies : controversies in science & the humanities
Reinventing the body, resurrecting the soul : how to create a new self
Zen and the art of consciousness
Authority and estrangement : an essay on self-knowledge
Modern issues in perception. Part 1-2
Essays on otherness
International perspectives on family violence and abuse : a cognitive ecological approach
Your guide to the Alexander technique
Vital lies, simple truths : the psychology of self-deception
Fundamental education
Theatre and consciousness : explanatory scope and future potential
The self and self-knowledge
Emotional intimacy : a comprehensive guide for connecting with the power of your emotions
On looking : about everything there is to see
