http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7064 self-awareness
self-awareness
Knowledge and reflexivity : new frontiers in the sociology of knowledge
The life of the self : toward a new psychology
Consciousness and self-consciousness : a defense of the higher-order thought theory of consciousness
Mental actions
Bodytime : on the interaction of body, identity, and society
New essays on semantic externalism and self-knowledge
Self, no self? : perspectives from analytical, phenomenological, and Indian traditions
Selves : an essay in revisionary metaphysics
The phenomeno-logic of the I : essays on self-consciousness
The self and self-knowledge
The second year : the emergence of self-awareness
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Past, space, and self
The essential Fromm : life between having and being
The psychology of thinking
The mess inside : narrative, emotion, and the mind
Essays on early modern conceptions of consciousness : Descartes, Cudworth, and Locke
The ego trick
Authority and estrangement : an essay on self-knowledge
The self : naturalism, consciousness, and the first-person stance
Thomas Reid : ethics, aesthetics, and the anatomy of the self
Persons : a study in philosophical psychology
Problems in philosophy : the limits of inquiry
Philosophical psychopathology
Is there such a thing as the self? If so, what is it? Galen Strawson argues that if we look closely at what experience of a self is like, we may be able to work out what a self must be, if it exists. He concludes that selves do exist, but they are not what we think.
Animal consciousness : Peter Olivi on cognitive functions of the sensitive soul
The self?
Finding and seeking
Subjectivity : theories of the self from Freud to Haraway
Reflexivity : the post-modern predicament
Private terror/public life : psychosis and the politics of community
Consciousness and qualia
Self-knowledge
The discipline of subjectivity : an essay on Montaigne
The pressures and concerns of teenagers are at the forefront of their emotional and mental health. This resource provides young men and women with guidance and tools to recognise the importance of social skills to aid their development. The sessions and practical activities will allow students to address issues of identity, self esteem and self awareness based on the author's research and experience. Covering issues including relationships, drugs and problem solving the new edition will also cover: - Gang cultures - Cyber-bullying - Future pressures - Eating disorders This new resource also introduces therapeutic approaches to promote well-being including Cognitive Behaviour Therapy and Motivational Interviewing as well as offering easily accessible worksheets and materials available to download online. Tina Rae has once again devised an innovative and engaging programme. Tina Rae has 25 years experience working with children, adults and families in both clinical and educational contexts within local authorities. She is currently a Professional and Academic tutor on the Doctorate in Child and Educational Psychology at University of East London.
Plotinus on self : the philosophy of the 'we'
Self-knowledge and resentment
Unthink
Self-deception and the paradoxes of rationality
The paradox of self-consciousness
Knowing our own minds
Mind wide open : your brain and the neuroscience of everyday life
The psychophysiology of self-awareness : rediscovering the lost art of body sense
Indivisible selves and moral practise
Self-trust : a study of reason, knowledge and autonomy
Body and personality
Self and world in Schopenhauer's philosophy
Transparent minds : a study of self-knowledge
Change your life, change your world : ten spiritual lessons for a new way of being and living
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
Mind ascribed : an elaboration and defence of interpretivism
Core transformation : reaching the wellspring within
Subjectivity and selfhood : investigating the first-person perspective
The world without, the mind within : an essay on first-person authority
The dancing self : creativity, modern dance, self psychology and transformative education
E pluribus unum : scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
The significance of consciousness
Developing emotional literacy with teenagers : building confidence, self-esteem and self awareness
Narrative, transcendence & meaning : an essay on the question about the meaning of life
Other minds : how humans bridge the divide between self and others
Higher-order theories of consciousness : an appraisal and application
Bodytime discusses why biological processes, desire, and the passion for physical exposure occupy such a large place in people's lives nowadays. The authors describe people in different phases of life. We meet childless couples at the IVF clinic, fathers in the delivery ward, teenage girls and social services officers in an investigation of a lurid sex scandal. The essays also look at manual workers and director's wives, anorexic and bulimic girls, patients in a geriatric clinic, and corpses on the autopsy table.
Care : personal lives and social policy
The embodied self : dimensions, coherence, and disorders
The ego tunnel : the science of the mind and the myth of the self
Mandala symbolism and techniques : innovative approaches for professionals
Reflections on meta-reality : transcendence, emancipation and everyday life
The reflexive nature of consciousness
Strangers to ourselves : discovering the adaptive unconscious
Themes in Hume : the self, the will, religion
Personal identity
The self across psychology : self-recognition, self-awareness, and the self concept
Peter Goldie explores the ways in which we think about our lives—our past, present, and future—in narrative terms. The notion of narrative is highly topical, and highly contentious, in a wide range of fields including philosophy, psychology and psychoanalysis, historical studies, and literature. The Mess Inside engages with all of these areas of discourse, and steers a path between the sceptics who are dismissive of the idea of narrative as having any worthwhile use at all, and those who argue that our very selfhood is somehow constituted by a narrative. After introducing the notion of narrative, Goldie discusses the way we engage with the past in narrative terms. This involves an exploration of the essentially perspectival nature of narrative thinking, which gains support from much recent empirical work on memory. Drawing on literary examples and on work in psychoanalysis, Goldie considers grief as a case study of this kind of narrative thinking, extending to a discussion of the crucial notion of 'closure'. Turning to narrative thinking about our future, Goldie discusses the many structural parallels between our imaginings of the future and our memories of the past, and the role of our emotions in response to what we imagine in thinking about our future in the light of our past. This is followed by a second case study—an exploration of self-forgiveness. In this ground-breaking book, Goldie supports scepticism about the idea that there is such a thing as a narrative self, but argues that having a narrative sense of self, quite distinct from any metaphysical notion of selfhood, is at the heart of what it is to think of ourselves, and others, as having a narratable past, present, and future.
Technologies of the self : a seminar with Michel Foucault
Self-consciousness and the critique of the subject : Hegel, Heidegger, and the poststructuralists
The confession of Augustine
Self-awareness : its nature and development
Vital lies, simple truths : the psychology of self-deception
Measuring self-concept across the life span : issues and instrumentation
Avicenna on subjectivity : a philosophical study
Wishes fulfilled : mastering the art of manifesting
Persons, brains and animals : the problem of our identity
Externalism and self-knowledge
Self-awareness and alterity : a phenomenological investigation
Essays on Aristotle's De anima
Personal identity and self-consciousness
Our own minds : sociocultural grounds for self-consciousness
Dramatic translation of self in Hamlet
The logic of mortality
Hegel's Phenomenology. Part 1, Analysis and commentary
Dimensions of social identity in Finland and Poland
Born to win : transactional analysis with gestalt expriments
Self-consciousness and self-determination
Essays on early modern conceptions of consciousness: Descartes, Cudworth, and Locke
Levinas beyond the horizons of Cartesianism : an inquiry into the metaphysics of morals
The two selves : their metaphysical commitments and functional independence
This is the second of three volumes in Oliver O'Donovan's masterful Ethics as Theology project. In his first volume -- "Self, World, and Time" -- O'Donovan discusses Christian ethics as an intellectual discipline in relation to the humanities, especially philosophy, theology, and behavioral studies, and in relation to the Christian gospel. In "Finding and Seeking" O'Donovan traces the logic of moral thought from self-awareness to decision through the virtues of faith, hope, and love. Blending biblical, historico-theological, and contemporary ideas in its comprehensive survey, this second volume continues O'Donovan's splendid study in ethics as theology and adds significantly to his previous theoretical reflection on Christian ethics." -- Review: John Webster-- University of St. Andrews A work of the greatest distinction -- possessing intellectual poise and scope in equal measure, penetrating in its analysis, elegantly economical in its style, authoritative in its judgments. Richard B. Hays-- Duke Divinity School This profound book should not be read quickly; each paragraph demands and rewards sustained, self-reflective meditation. Oliver O'Donovan's incisive reflections, deeply grounded in Scripture and in the classic traditions of Christian theology, summon us to find ourselves situated in world and time in such a way that we can begin the task of seeking the promised kingdom of God. Robert J. Song-- Durham University Like O'Donovan's earlier "Self, World, and Time, " this is a richly rewarding and luxuriantly textured meditation on the nature of practical reason, theologically understood. It is mature reflection, drawing on deep reading of Scripture, wide knowledge of the tradition, and a lifetime of fine-witted observation. What emerges is not only an entirely fresh and seamlessly integrated account of the forming of moral purpose, but a brilliant and extended apologia for the distinctiveness of Christian ethics itself. Gilbert Meilaender-- Valparaiso University Architectonic in structure and richly developed in conversation with many strands of Christian tradition, this is a learned and mature work that deserves the careful reading it also demands. John Hare-- Yale Divinity School Oliver O'Donovan's "Finding and Seeking" is characteristically learned and well written, but it is more than this. It is a fresh reading of the gospel for our current situation. O'Donovan has penetrating insight, like Kierkegaard, into the temptations that are endemic to our culture, and he has the skill of giving acute and vivid examples, in which we recognize ourselves unexpectedly. Only when we see the disease can we start to see the remedy. G. C. den Hertog-- University of Apeldoorn Rich and challenging. . . . Far from being a summary of the author's already known ideas, this is a provocative wake-up call for ethics in general and Christian ethics specifically. We can only ignore this book at great loss to ourselves and the urgent discussions of our times. "
The mandala of being  : discovering the power of awareness
Psychology. 2, Development of the human soul
Part of nature : self-knowledge in Spinoza's Ethics
Identifying selfhood : imagination, narrative, and hermeneutics in the thought of Paul Ricoeur
Communion : the female search for love
Exploring inner experience : the descriptive experience sampling method
Self and world
Consciousness in action
Time and identity
Natural signs : a theory of intentionality
Self-knowledge and the self
Models of the self
Consciousness reconsidered
Phenomenology and embodiment : Husserl and the constitution of subjectivity
Choice blindness : the incongruence of intention, action and introspection
