http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7063 grace
grace
Richard Hooker and reformed theology : a study of reason, will, and grace
The Kingdom and the power : are healing and the spiritual gifts used by Jesus and the early church meant for the church today? : a biblical look at how to bring the Gospel to the world with power
Human and divine agency : Anglican, Catholic, and Lutheran perspectives
Divine grace and human agency : a study of the Semi-Pelagian controversy
Spiritual gifts in the local church
On the free choice of the will, On grace and free choice, and other writings
Grace and gift : an analysis of a central motif in Martin Luther's Rationis latomianae confutatio
In 'God and grace in Philo and Paul', Orrey McFarland examines how Philo of Alexandria and the Apostle Paul understood divine grace. While scholars have occasionally observed that Philo and Paul both speak about God's generosity, such work has often placed the two theologians in either strong continuity or stark discontinuity without probing into the theological logic that animates the particularities of their thought. By contrast, McFarland sets Philo and Paul in conversation and argues that both could speak of divine gifts emphatically and in formally similar ways while making materially different theological judgments in the context of their concrete historical settings and larger theological frameworks. That is, McFarland demonstrates how their theologies of grace are neither identical nor antithetical.
Grace and agency in Paul and Second Temple Judaism : interpreting the transformation of the heart
The sovereign spirit : discerning his gifts
Unapologetic apologetics : meeting the challenges of theological studies
Preacher of grace : a critical reappraisal of Augustines doctrine of grace in his Sermones ad populum on liturgical feasts and during the Donatist controversy
The role of divine grace in the soteriology of Śaṃkarācārya
Focusing on Paul : persuasion and theological design in Romans and Galatians
The grace of Christ and the grace of God in Augustine of Hippo : Christocentrism or theocentrism?
Jacob Arminius : theologian of grace
Saints and sanctity
Reinterpreting Rahner : a critical study of his major themes
God here and now
Grace for shame : the forgotten gospel
The return of the prodigal son : a story of homecoming
Charisma : the gift of grace, and how it has been taken away from us
The missions of James, Peter and Paul : tensions in early Christianity
Wittgenstein and the metaphysics of grace
Grace in Galatia : a commentary on St. Paul's letter to the Galatians
The gift of grace : the future of Lutheran theology
Welcome, Holy Spirit : a study of charismatic renewal in the Church
Overcome by the spirit : [the extraordinary phenomenon that is happening to ordinary people]
Levinas and theology
Law and gospel and the means of grace
The doctrine of grace
A theology of encouragement
Dissertation on predestination and grace
Are miraculous gifts for today? : four views
The legacy of sovereign joy : God's triumphant grace in the lives of Augustine, Luther, and Calvin
Community in Christ
Liberated by God's grace
Augustine of Hippo (354-430) became known as the 'doctor of grace'. He developed his theory of divine grace mainly in his systematic treatises directed against the Pelagians (ca. 411-430). Did he however also preach about this complex, and at first sight 'demoralizing', issue in his sermons to the people? In his previous book (BSCH 59), Anthony Dupont studied the profile of the treatment of gratia in the anti-Pelagian sermones ad populum. In a Preacher of Grace Dupont offers an account of the presence of the theme of grace in Augustine's sermones not situated in the Pelagian controversy. He first studies sermons preached on important liturgical feasts, which belong to the (non-polemical) pastoral preaching genre. They are distributed throughout the 40 years of Augustine's preaching activity, and are Christological in content and moralising in intention. Secondly, he examines sermons situated in the Donatist controversy, preceding the anti-Pelagian sermons chronologically and differing from them in terms of content. This research provides a global picture of the presence and treatment of gratia in Augustine's sermones and clarifies the interaction between context, audience and preaching genre on the one hand, and the theme of grace as a whole on the other. It also contributes to the debate on (dis)continuity in Augustine's thought on grace.
St. Augustine's dilemma : grace and eternal law in the major works of Augustine of Hippo
Sufficient saving grace : John Wesley's evangelical arminianism
Augustine of Hippo and Martin Luther on original sin and justification of the sinner
Islam on love and non-violence
Grace in abundance : Orthodox Reflections on the way to Porto Alegre
Postcolonial animal tale from Kipling to Coetzee
A Pauline theology of charismata
Speculative grace : Bruno Latour and object-oriented theology ; foreword by Levi E. Bryant
The Bright side of life
Paul's language of grace in its Graeco-Roman context
Life in the Son
Gratia in Augustine's Sermones ad populum during the Pelagian controversy : do different contexts furnish different insights?
Spiritual gifts according to C. Peter Wagner
The purifying power of living by faith in future grace
Religious experience of the pneuma : communication with the spirit world in 1. Corinthians 12 and 14
Four views on the role of works at the final judgment
Grace : a comparative study of the doctrine in Christianity and Hinduism
Come Holy Spirit : learning to minister in power
God's saving grace : a Pauline theology
A more profound alleluia : theology and worship in harmony
Grace and the will according to Augustine
Forgiveness and love
Radical evil and the scarcity of hope : postsecular meditations
Before forgiving : cautionary views of forgiveness in psychotherapy
The everlasting gospel : the significance of eschatology in the development of Pentecostal thought
Grace, faith, free will : contrasting views of salvation : Calvinism and Arminianism
The givenness of things : essays
The theology of Thomas Aquinas
Following recent intertextual studies, Kyle B. Wells examines how descriptions of 'heart-transformation' in Deut 30, Jer 31–32 and Ezek 36 informed Paul and his contemporaries' articulations about grace and agency. Beyond advancing our understanding of how these restoration narratives were interpreted in the LXX, the Dead Sea Literature, Baruch, Jubilees, 2 Baruch, 4 Ezra, and Philo, Wells demonstrates that while most Jews in this period did not set divine and human agency in competition with one another, their constructions differed markedly and this would have contributed to vehement disagreements among them. While not sui generis in every respect, Paul's own convictions about grace and agency appear radical due to the way he reconfigures these concepts in relation to Christ.
The works of mercy in Italian Medieval art (c.1050-c.1400)
Predestination, policy and polemic : conflict and consensus in the English church from the Reformation to the civil war
Know your spiritual gifts
Charismatics and the next millennium : do they have a future?
Accepted and renewed in Christ : the "Twofold Grace of God" and the interpretation of Calvin's theology
The Cambridge companion to Abelard
The triumph of grace in the theology of Karl Barth
The spirit who speaks : God's supernatural intervention in your life
Punishment and personal responsibility
Prove all things : the sovereign work of the Holy Spirit
Deification and grace
Speaking in tongues : the New Testament evidence in context
Creation and grace in Augustine's literal meaning of Genesis
The deification of man : St Gregory Palamas and the Orthodox tradition
Intrepid lover of perfect grace : the life and thought of Prosper of Aquitaine
A world of grace : an introduction to the themes and foundations of Karl Rahner's theology
Beyond cheap grace : a call to radical discipleship, incarnation, and justice
Pater Bernhardus : Martin Luther and Bernard of Clairvaux
The works translated here deal with two major themes in the thinking of St Augustine (354–430): free will and divine grace. On the one hand, free will enables human beings to make their own choices; on the other hand, God's grace is required for these choices to be efficacious. 'On the Free Choice of the Will', 'On Grace and Free Choice', 'On Reprimand and Grace' and 'On the Gift of Perseverance' set out Augustine's theory of human responsibility, and sketch a subtle reconciliation of will and grace. This volume is the first to bring together Augustine's early and later writings on these two themes, in a new translation by Peter King, enabling the reader to see what Augustine regarded as the crowning achievement of his work. The volume also includes a clear and accessible introduction that analyzes Augustine's key philosophical lines of thought.
Presents not only G W Leibniz's reflections on predestination and election but also a detailed account of the problem of evil than is found in any of his other works apart from the "Theodicy". This book addresses such topics as free will, moral responsibility, divine causation, justice, punishment, divine foreknowledge, and human freedom.
Elect in the Son
Tough questions about healing
Springs of living water : Bible studies on grace and transformation
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol 126, Correspondence on Christology and grace
Christ, the experience of Jesus as Lord
Striving with grace : views of free will in Anglo-Saxon England
In God, Grace, and Righteousness in Wisdom of Solomon and Paul's Letter to the Romans, Jonathan A. Linebaugh places the Wisdom of Solomon and the Letter to the Romans in conversation. Both texts discuss the relationship of Jew and Gentile, the meaning of God's grace and righteousness, and offer readings of Israel's scripture. These shared themes provide talking-points, initiating a dialogue on anthropology, soteriology, and hermeneutics. By listening in on this conversation, Linebaugh demonstrates that while these texts have much in common, the theologies they articulate are ultimately incommensurable because they think from different events - Wisdom from the pre-creational order crafted by Sophia and exemplified in the Exodus; Paul from the incongruous gift of Christ which justifies the ungodly.
Charismatic gifts in the early church
The Holy Spirit and spiritual gifts, then and now
Grace and Christology in the early church
Gratia et certamen : the relationship between grace and free will in the discussion of Augustine with the so-called semipelagians
Growing in the prophetic
God and Grace in Philo and Paul
Liberated by God's grace : 2017 - 500 years of reformation
Systematic theology : an introduction to biblical doctrine
The grace of the caller : in laestadian christianity
The principle of mercy : taking the crucified people from the cross
The gracious God : gratia in Augustine and the twelfth century
The topic of love and non-violence in Islam, in an environment imbued with intolerance, extremism and terrorism, is very significant. This book portrays how loving humanity and eliminating violence are key in all the Islamic teachings and are evident in the conduct of Allah's exalted Messenger. Islam eliminated hatred through love, terrorism through peace and ignorance through knowledge. This book portrays how love, peace and knowledge form the very essence of Islam.
"By grace you have been saved" : Bible studies on healing and reconciliation
Globalization and grace
Paul, grace and freedom : essays in honour of John K. Riches
Divine wrath and divine mercy in the world of antiquity
God, grace, and righteousness in wisdom of Solomon and Paul's letter to the Romans : texts in conversation
Pierced for our transgressions : rediscovering the glory of penal substitution
Developing your prophetic gifting
In peace let us pray to the Lord : an Orthodox interpretation of the gifts of the spirit
What is forgiveness? When is it appropriate? How is it encouraged or inhibited? Answering these questions one way rather than another can alter our lives and our relationships in dramatic ways. If we think that forgiveness is or involves a passion that we experience but over which we have little control, then we will respond to it differently than if we think forgiving is something we choose to do or refrain from doing. If we think forgiveness involves restoring a relationship, then we will treat it differently than if we think it merely a matter of managing our emotions. If we think forgiveness is something that must be earned or deserved then we will not even consider forgiving certain agents; whereas if we think it is something that can be freely given, then forgiving these agents may become a live option. Glen Pettigrove explores the nature and norms of forgiveness, drawing attention to important dimensions that have been neglected by other discussions of the topic. He highlights the significance of character, both of the forgiver and of the forgiven, for common perspectives on what forgiveness is and when it is appropriate. Pettigrove explores the relationship between forgiving, understanding, and loving. And he revives a virtue that has too long been neglected: namely, grace.
On the cessation of the charismata : the Protestant polemic on postbiblical miracles
Grace and reason : a study in the theology of Luther
One thousand gifts : a dare to live fully right where you are
Mememory and identity : personal reflections
Reclaiming memory : American representations of the Holocaust
Wings of forgiveness : working with the angels to release, heal, and transform
Once saved, always saved? : a study in perseverance and inheritance
Natural grace : dialogues on creation, darkness, and the soul in spirituality and science
"This book offers a novel account of grace framed in terms of Bruno Latour's "principle of irreduction." It thus models an object-oriented approach to grace, experimentally moving a traditional Christian understanding of grace out of a top-down, theistic ontology and into an agent-based, object-oriented ontology. In the process, it also provides a systematic and original account of Latour's overall project. The account of grace offered here redistributes the tasks assigned to science and religion. Where now the work of science is to bring into focus objects that are too distant, too resistant, and too transcendent to be visible, the business of religion is to bring into focus objects that are too near, too available, and too immanent to be visible. Where science reveals transcendent objects by correcting for our nearsightedness, religion reveals immanent objects by correcting for our farsightedness. Speculative Grace remaps the meaning of grace and examines the kinds of religious instruments and practices that, as a result, take center stage."--Publisher's website
Spiritual theology
Healing as empowerment : discovering grace in community
