http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p706 motion (physical phenomena)
motion (physical phenomena)
Business ethics and virtue : on Robert C. Solomon's many ways of being ethical
Sight, sound, motion : applied media aesthetics
Ethical business : challenges and controversies
"In 'The Woman's Place is in the Boardroom' the authors put the business case for more women on company boards. In the next book they explained how to acheive it. Here the authors discuss the role women directors can play in the reform of corporate governance systems following recent financial, crises in leadership, governance and the economy"--
The law of trade secrets
Fairburn system : the Fairburn System of visual references ; set No. 1 : male and female - full figure and hands. Book 2, female - full figure
Communication with motion in user interface
The continuous and the discrete : ancient physical theories from a contemporary perspective
Cartesian spacetime : Descartes' physics and the relational theory of space and motion
Business opportunities in Northeast China. Part 1, Liaoning province
The English Galileo : Thomas Harriot's work on motion as an example of preclassical mechanics
Business first. Chapters 11-20
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
Business studies today
Despite the overwhelming diversity of life on earth, one theme has dominated its evolution: the apparently simple act of moving from one place to another. This book tells the incredible story of locomotion in human and animal evolution. Evolutionary biologist Matt Wilkinson shows why our ancestors became two-legged, why we have opposable thumbs, why the backbone appeared, how fish fins became limbs, how even trees are locomotion-obsessed, and how movement has shaped our minds as well as our bodies. He explains why there are no flying monkeys or biological wheels, how dinosaurs took to the air, how Mexican waves began in the animal kingdom, and why moving can make us feel good.
Fairburn system : the Fairburn System of visual references ; set No. 1 : male and female - full figure and hands. Book 3, male and female - situation poses and hands
The gender roles in Finnish business
Architectures of illusion : from motion pictures to navigable interactive enviroments
Business first : business general = yleisjakso
The days of solidarity
Quest for identity
The sweet spot : a novel
Motion blur: : onedotzero: graphic moving imagemakers
The reception of the Galilean science of motion in seventeenth century Europe
Let's talk business! : a task-based material package of public speaking and small talk in the BELF context
The influence of rhythmic and spectro-timbral musical features on gait-related movement
Business first : basics for business communication
Business benchmark : advanced higher : teacher's resource book
The touch of time : temporal sequence photography as works and theory
Seasonal patterns in business and everyday life
China is as tough a business environment as you'll experience anywhere in the world, remaining one of the most complicated places to do business. Just ask all the company executives and entrepreneurs who've tried to do business there, lost money, and closed shop. They learned the hard way that success elsewhere doesn't always lead to riches in China. Alan Refkin and Scott Cray, with Thornhill Capital, have spent years doing business in China, and they have a long-term track record of helping companies navigate the complicated business terrain. In this, their new guide, they share their intimate knowledge of how business is conducted in China. They explore the intricacies of how the Chinese negotiate, discuss ways to better protect yourself from the increased threat of cyberespionage and the theft of your intellectual property, show you how to litigate if necessary, take you through what's needed to successfully interact with government officials, and demonstrate how you can be successful and reap the financial rewards from conducting business in China. Being successful in China is not an accident. What separates the thriving businessperson from those who abandon the country and their dreams for success is preparation. Get the information and tools you need to accomplish your goals, dominate, and win with "Conducting Business in the Land of the Dragon".
Developing object concepts in infancy : an associative learning perspective
Freight train
Otolith function in spatial orientation and movement
Market leader : elementary business English course book
Basic body awareness therapy : exercises, verbal guidance, observation and assessment of quality of movement : a first introduction
The little book of music and movement
Conceptual drawing : freehand drawing & design visualization for design professionals
All shades of green : the environmentalization of Finnish society
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
Intelligent business : coursebook CDs
Elephant in the room : how relationships make or break the success of leaders and organizations
Market leader : upper intermediate business english : course book
Test your business English. Finance
Exercise boichemistry
Who owns the ice house? : eight life lessons from an unlikely entrepreneur
Potential demand for a sushi bar in Varkaus
Single & Single : a novel
Motion communication makes better user experiences. Animations in user interfaces are not just a visual experience. Motion has a lot of power over where the user is looking and it should be used to guide the user. This thesis is for graphic designers or anyone who wants to understand the user and therefore make better design and communication. This thesis includes topics like human computer interaction, user psychology, user experience and animation that form the basis of motion communication. The last chapter shows examples of how to use motion communication in the user interface.
Business first
Business first : business specific =  ammatilliset opinnot
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Exploring strategy
DressMe: a virtual super-market of clothing stores
Biomechanics in clinic and research : an interactive teaching and learning course
From bags to blenders : The Journey of a Yorkshire Businessman
The introvert entrepreneur : amplify your strengths and create success on your own terms in ten steps
The jelly effect : how to make your communication stick
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of the psychology of coaching and mentoring
Photographic composition : a visual guide
Uncertainty and business decisions : a symposium on the logic, philosophy and psychology of business decision-making under uncertainty
Summary in estonian.
Market leader : upper intermediate business English course book
This book investigates the EU's regional growth dynamics and, in particular, the reasons why peripheral and socio-economically disadvantaged areas have persistently failed to catch up with the rest of the Union. It shows that the capability of the knowledge-based growth model to deliver its expected benefits to these areas crucially depends on tackling a specific set of socio-institutional factors which prevents innovation from being effectively translated into economic growth. The book takes an eclectic approach to the territorial genesis of innovation and regional growth by combining different theoretical strands into one model of empirical analysis covering the whole EU-25. An in-depth comparative analysis with the United States is also included, providing significant insights into the distinctive features of the European process of innovation and its territorial determinants. The evidence produced in the book is extensively applied to the analysis of EU development policies.
Originals : how non-conformists move the world
The AMA handbook of public relations
Forces and movement
Going international. 11, Conference in Tokyo
Neuromechanics of human movement
Thinking in new boxes : a new paradigm for business creativity
Socially Driven Business – Theory & Practice : Lessons learnt from the TAMK Consulting Academy - ProLearning collaboration for social business
Eureka! : physics of particles, matter and the universe
Motion studies : time, space and Eadweard Muybridge
Business first. Chapters 1-10
Business Russian : a complete course for beginners
Bear Meets Dragon - cross-cultural research on the business relations between the companies from southern Satakunta region and China
The 50th law
Move the way you feel : effects of musical features, perceived emotions, and personality on music-induced movement
Remember when
Between East and West : migration in the enlarging European Union
Leadership in organizations
Blender 2.5 Character Animation Cookbook : 50 great recipes for giving soul to your characters by building high-quality rigs and understanding the principles of movement
Business ethics in global economy
Business ethics
Reflections on EFL proficiency requirements in the business context : towards bilingualism in professional education in Finland
Perceptual organization of motion
The Japanese negotiator : subtlety and strategy beyond western logic
A bite-sized guide for Finnish SME companies operating in China
The other at the workplace : power and language in a multicultural workplace
The precipice
Communicating across cultures : the key to successful international business communication
Going international. 10, A new agent
Understanding business : the connections between common sense and good commercial decisions
Test your professional english : business. Intermediate
Pictoplasma : characters in motion
Adpositions of movement
Embodiment in Dalcroze Eurhythmics
Water & boats
Mechanisms of processing visual motion information : psychophysical, bioelectrical and transcranial magnetic stimulation investigations
Readings in modern dance : volume one
Snowboarding to Nirvana : a spiritual adventure
Business math for dummies®
The haunted gallery : painting, photography, film c. 1900
In the sanctuary of the soul : a guide to effective prayer
Women and the new business leadership
Business innovation through blockchain : the B3 perspective
Concise dictionary of business terminology
Too big to ignore : the business case for big data
Words at work
Jackpot : making the most of business English. Ohjaajan opas
SeaMODETM : motion measurements at sea
The Confidence Myth : why Women Undervalue Their Skills, and How to Get Over It
Indian business and nationalist politics 1931-1939 : the indigenous capitalist class and the rise of the Congress Party
Business foundations
Abstract: Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in touch-based communication of acquired deafblind people.
The Popcorn report : on the future of your company, your world, your life
Aalto leaders' insight
Practical writing for sign languages
Fearless facilitation : the ultimate field guide to engaging (and involving!) your audience
The art of business negotiation
On displacement-velocity coupling and the origin of in-plane stress in orthotropic moving continua
Between neuroradiology and neurophysiology : new insights in neural mechanisms
In a series of articles specifically commissioned for this volume, some of today's most In a series of articles specifically commissioned for this volume, some of today's most distinguished business ethicists survey the main areas of interest and concern in the field of business ethics. Sections of the book cover topics such as the often uneasy relationship between business ethics and capitalism, the link between business ethics and ethical theory, how ethics applies to specific problems in the business world, the connection between business ethics and related academic disciplines, and the practice of business ethics in modern corporations.The book can be used as a comprehensive text for introductory or advanced courses in business ethics, as a reference for teachers and writers in the field, or as a guide for other academic or business persons who wish to become familiar with the central issues in the field. To enhance its usefulness, the volume includes bibliographies of the relevant literature and a list of internet sources for material on business ethics, and an extensive index.
Draw action : 250 ways to get movement into your drawings
Art in motion : Motor skills, motivation, and musical practice
Factors affecting the success of English language human resources training
"At your convenience" : politeness strategies in quotation letters written by non-native and native speakers of English
Perception of visual kinematics
Business dynamics and scenarios of change : affecting business models and value creation within the ICT sector
Conditions supporting trust development in relation to the perceived risks in Finnish-Russian business relationships
In company 3.0 : intermediate : student's book
Bodies in motion : Spanish vanguard poetry, mass culture, and gender dynamics
Exploring the limits of preclassical mechanics : a study of conceptual development in early modern science: free fall and compounded motion in the work of Descartes, Galileo, and Beeckman
Essentials of kinesiology for the physical therapist assistant
How to cheat in motion
Link-up : business English course. 1
The essential book of drawing animals : the step-by-step guide to beautiful artwork
A course in miracles : text, workbook, manual for teachers
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 2, Vision II
When : the art of perfect timing
"The contributors to Things in Motion, collectively, demonstrate the dynamic capacity of things in motion, from the point where things emerge from source material, to their circulation in the contemporary world, including their extended circulation through reproduction in other media. The various chapters show that examining the itineraries of things multiplies the assemblages things form and multiplies the sites at which we can recognize things in motion. None of the things discussed seem to ever have died. Their itineraries are continued by their movement in and out of museums and curation facilities, where many of them have come to rest temporarily, the circulation of their images, and their adaptation in sometimes unexpected contemporary material culture. Their itineraries also include the scholarship about them, to which this volume contributes, making it another site assembled by these active things"--Provided by publisher.
Modeling and simulating bodies and garments
The Isaac Newton school of driving : physics & your car
The anatomical and mechanical bases of human motion
Finland, cultural lone wolf
Tree of life dance : cultural universals in motion
Speak Out, Step Up, Act NO. Not only do we need more female leaders at the top, but we need more women at all levels of business, government, and nonprofits to step up-there's no time to waste. The problem, says Helene Lerner, isn't so much that women lack confidence but that they misunderstand what confidence really is. True confidence isn't fearlessness; it's having the courage to jump in even when your knees are shaking. Any woman who waits until she feels 100 percent confident before offering a big idea or asking for a raise or promotion will never get anywhere. Drawing on her own and other.
Things in motion : object itineraries in anthropological practice
Motion and time study
Merce my way : The Merce Cunningham Dance Company in photographs
Outdoor action and adventure photography
Green political theory
Motion and motion's God : thematic variations in Aristotle, Cicero, Newton, and Hegel
The journal of business communication
In-game animation of realistic human player characters : a survey of design methods, techniques and workflows of 3D game character animation
Asymmetric news effects on volatility : good vs. bad news in good vs. bad times
Pythagorean-hodograph curves : algebra and geometry inseparable
On Aristotle Physics 8.6-10
Be quick--but don't hurry : learning success from the teachings of a lifetime
Profits and professions : essays in business and professional ethics
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Flow]
Cost accounting methods for construction projects in North-West Russia : case study Pöyry CM Oy
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Shapes]
Rethinking osteopathic practice. Book 1, Motion & mechanics
Philosophy, God and motion
Market leader : pre-intermediate business English course book
Accounting and finance : an introduction
Business Challenges Interactive. User manual
Business mathematics
Negotiating across cultures
Utilizing development research to guide People Capability Maturity Model adoption considerations
Exploring the perception of expressivity and interaction within musical dyads
Honore fabri and the concept of impetus : a bridge between conceptual frameworks
It's not you, it's me
in company 3.0 : intermediate : teacher's book
Fundamentals of mechanical vibrations
Approaches to a business negotiation case study : teamwork, humour and teaching
American business dictionary
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
Industrial policy for national champions
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
The AMA handbook of business letters
Elites in Finnish energy policy and biogas as a motor vehicle fuel
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Branches]
Essential do's and taboos : the complete guide to international business and leisure travel
Repair work interaction in business e-mail messages - with special reference to interpersonal metadiscourse
Motor control in reaction-time vs self-paced movement : MEG study on movement-related cortical fields
Essays on electronic business models and their evaluation
This book is a translated version of her PhD, rewritten to make it accessible for worldwide publication. It documents the 16-years of practical research which underlies these new methods. Haptices and Haptemes is a part of the Social-Haptic Communication philosophy which explores how the humanistic qualities of touch can be applied to different client groups. This includes people who need to develop touch-based communication methods in healthcare and educational settings. It recognises the importance of body language and environmental information in a visual context, allowing greater interactive process between clients and their families in an expanding community.
Determining local diffusion properties in bio-materials using fluorescence recovery after photobleaching : a literature review
A framework for understanding movement : my seven creative concepts
Critical success factors of Finnish-Mexican interpersonal communication in the business context
Energy : the basics
Doing business in China : the Sun Tzu way
Seeing what others don't : the remarkable ways we gain insights
Business creativity : breaking the invisible barriers
Discovering your career in business
Expert systems : artificial intelligence in business
Writing a successful business plan
Brain and body percussion : the relationship between motor and cognitive functions
Everything is negotiable
Restless creatures : the story of life in ten movements
Negotiation : how to craft agreements that give everyone more..
A bite-sized guide to Chinese business manners
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
BodyMusicEvent : proceedings from the International Musicological Conference Wrocław (Poland), 30-31 May 2008
Building on the insights of the first volume on Music and Gesture (Gritten & King 2006), the rationale for this sequel volume is twofold: first, to clarify the way in which the subject is continuing to take shape by highlighting both central and developing trends, as well as popular and less frequent areas of investigation; second, to provide alternative and complementary insights into the particular areas of the subject articulated in the first volume. The thirteen chapters are structured in a broad narrative trajectory moving from theory to practice, embracing Western and non-Western practices, real and virtual gestures, live and recorded performances, physical and acoustic gestures, visual and auditory perception, among other themes of topical interest. The main areas of enquiry include psychobiology; perception and cognition; philosophy and semiotics; conducting; and, ensemble work and solo piano playing. The volume is intended to promote and stimulate further research in "Musical Gesture Studies".
A crosslinguistic study of the language of space : sign and spoken languages
Green politics
This day in business history : great corporate tales, commercial milestones, colorful titans, captivating quotes and calmitous blunders for every day of the year
The handbook of communication and corporate social responsibility
Intelligent business : coursebook
Business passport to Japan
Returning to health with dance, movement and imagery
Leap : a revolution in creative business strategy
Battery bar monitoring using motion detection
Creative movement and dance : the García-Plevin Method
En activo : practical business Spanish
The myths of creativity : the truth about how innovative companies and people generate great ideas
Built to last
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
Genius locomotionis
Total business design
Market leader : advanced business English : course book
A companion to business ethics
For business ethics : a critical approach
Mime : the theory and practice of expressive gesture with a description of its historical development
Kazakhstan : the business traveller's handbook
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
The roll medium : the origins and development of the moving panorama until 1860s
An introduction to business and industry
Kinesiology
Self-motion : from Aristotle to Newton
Kinesiology : scientific basis of human motion
Space, time, and motion : a philosophical introduction
How to negotiate like a child : unleash the little monster within to get everything you want
EBRF 2011 : conference proceedings
The primacy of movement
Businessman's guide to speechmaking and to the laws and conduct of meetings
Comparison of Finnish and Spanish business cultures
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Helios : Eadweard Muybridge in a time of change
The spirit of the Oxford movement : tractarian essays
Summer daydreams
Expansion Plan for a Photography Company : Case: CaroK
Conducting business in the land of the dragon : what every businessperson needs to know about China
Russian an German business environment: cultural comparative study
Developing business ethics in China
How to do business in Finland : researching and organizing a database of knowledge for a cultural training game
Fairburn system : the Fairburn System of visual references ; set No. 1 : male and female - full figure and hands. Book 1, male - full figure
Introduction to Management Science
Talking about motion : a crosslinguistic investigation of lexicalization patterns
Innovation and regional growth in the European Union  : advances in spatial science
Elementary labanotation : a study guide
GoPro : professional guide to filmmaking
This book examines spatial language in sign languages (Turkish Sign Language, Croatian Sign Language, American Sign Language, and Austrian Sign Language) and spoken languages (Turkish, English, and Croatian). The book presents a novel model, the Crossmodal Spatial Language, to account for similarities and differences in these languages. The model, which consists of Spatial Representations, Reference Frames, Temporal Representations, Conceptual Structure, and Linguistic Representations, shows that the features from spatial input are not necessarily mapped on the spatial descriptions regardless of modality and language. The book reports several studies to examine the descriptions of static and dynamic spatial scenes which involve, among others, spatial relationals such as left-right, front-back, besides, in, on, to, toward, pass by, away, and cause to move. The findings suggest that language users construct a spatial relation between the objects in a given time, employ a reference frame, which may not be encoded in the message, and use the same conceptual structure consisted of BE-AT for static spatial situations and GO-BE-AT for static dynamic situations.
New perspectives on music and gesture
Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in social-haptic communication of acquired deafblind people
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
Against the gods : the remarkable story of risk
