http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7072 address directories
address directories
Horticultural research international : directory of horticultural research institutes and their activities in 74 countries
Directory of accredited bodies
Indigenous law centers
Institutions of higher education in the Nordic countries
World list of universities  and other institutions of higher education
Yearbook of international organizations 1998/99. Vol. 1, Organization descriptions and cross-references
Major European marine research institutes and centres : address list
European guide to social science information and documentation services
The Jaakko Pöyry guide to forestry, forest products industries and related matters on the World Wide Web : a directory of World Wide Web addresses on the Internet
Finnish directory of mathematicians 1993 : directory of mathematicians at Finnish universities and members of the Finnish Mathematical Society
Who is who in Finnish youth work
World environmental directory : North America (USA and Canada) : standard environmental reference since 1974.
The international directory of government 2007.
International directory of woody plant physiologists
Pest management : a directory of information sources. Vol. 2, Animal health
World directory of environmental organizations : a handbook of national and international organizations and programs - governmental and non-governmental - concerned with protecting the earth's resources
Directory of innovation relay centres
Directory of accredited laboratories and certification bodies
Pest management : a directory of information sources. Vol. 1, Crop protection
The world of learning 1992.
Publishers' international ISBN directory. 1997/98
Amazonia : voices from the rainforest : a resource & action guide
World directory of environmental organizations : a handbook of national and international organizations and programs - governmental and non-governmental - concerned with protecting the Earth's resources
Russian industry : 1000 largest companies
Esimene Tallinna kaubandus-aadressraamat = The first commercial directory of Reval = Erstes Revaler Handels-Adressbuch
International directory of solid waste management : the ISWA yearbook
International directory of solid waste management 1995/6 : the ISWA yearbook
New media showcase 7
Directory of Finnish exporters 1995.
World guide to libraries 2010
Suomen tieteellisten kirjastojen opas = Vetenskapliga bibliotek i Finland = Guide to research libraries and information services in Finland
The black book : illustration 1997, eight edition
The environment encyclopedia and directory 1998.
Le guide Art press : art moderne et contemporain en Europe = The guide Art press : modern and contemporary art in Europe / Paul Ardenne, Ami Barak
Nordisk biblioteksguide för u-landsdokumentation = Nordic library guide to documentation on developing countries
Nursery machinery : MJF no. 1 suppliers of specialist machines for the horticultural trade
Ulrich's periodicals directory
Circumpolar networks : organizations with relevance for Arctic education and research
Directory : Cassava Biotechnology Network and Collaborators : to promote communication among cassava biotechnology researches
The European Union encyclopedia and directory
Guide to European valves : for control, isolation and safety
Where to see textiles and textile machinery : a guide to collections and exhibitions of textiles, apparel and textile machinery, picture sources and places to visit, worldwide
The international directory of government
Guide international de la recherche en histoire de l'éducation = International guide for research in the history of education
Farm chemicals handbook 1988 : buyers' guide, application equipment, fertilizer trade names, fertilizer dictionary, pesticide dictionary
Adresboek van zeventiende-eeuwse drukkers, uitgevers en boekverkopers in Vlaanderen = Directory of seventeenth-century printers, publishers and booksellers in Flanders
International handbook of universities and other institutions of higher education
Who's who international in the egg and poultry industries 1988-1989 : international buyers guide
The grants register. 2004
Museums of the world. Volume 1, Afghanistan - Tanzania
Educators guide to free computer materials & Internet resources : eighteenth annual edition 2000-2001
Directory of food and nutrition institutions in the Near East
Guide to European pumps & pumping : the practical reference book on pumps and pumping with comprehensive buyers guide to European manufacturers and suppliers
Yearbook of international organizations 1998/99. Vol. 3, Subject volume, global action networks: classified directory and index
LEADER II : liste des bénéficiaires = list of the beneficiaries
Baltic agricultural research institutions and universities
International literary market place (ILMP). 1987-88
Directory of research workers in agriculture and allied sciences
The world of learning 1989.
Interinstitutional directory
Directory of research and education in food science, technology and engineering
Pesticide index : an index of chemical, common and trade names of pesticides and related crop-protection products
The Europa world of learning 2008
Introduction to vocabularies : enhancing access to cultural heritage information
Directory of current research on sheep and goats
World guide to libraries. Vol. 2, S-Z, Index
Networks in the Baltic Sea Region
Guide to business information on Russia, the NIS and the Baltic States
The Europa world of learning 2006
The world of learning 1990.
The directory of EU information sources
Handbook of organic food processing and production
Museums of the world. 2, Sweden - Zimbabwe, Indices
E-mail addresses of the rich & famous
The Grants register : [the complete guide to postgraduate funding worldwide]. 2009.
International directory of forestry & forest products libraries
Finland : sources of information about the country, its administration and economy
Asia Pacific pulp & paper year book & directory 1992.
Index xyloriorum : institutional wood collections of the world
Yearbook plus of international organizations and biographies : 1998/99
FAO seed review. 1979-80
Lamson's guide to business opportunities in Finland
World directory of pesticide control organisations
Directory = Rpertoire = Directorio
Environmental information centres, resources and services : inventory and needs assessment for Central and Eastern Europe
PAYE 2005 : performing arts yearbook for Europe
Guide to European electric motors : drives and controls : the practical reference book on electric motors, drives, controls and ancillary equipment, including a comprehensive buyers' guide to European manufacturers and suppliers
Dictionary of travel, tourism and hospitality terms
London's rock landmarks : the A-Z guide to London's rock geography
International handbook of universities 2009.. 1
The world of learning 1994.
MOD 2005 : music, opera, dance and drama in Asia, the Pacific and North America
The chocolate companion : a connoisseur's guide to the world's finest chocolates
Free-range poultry
Yearbook of international organizations 1998/99. Vol. 4, Bibliographic volume, international organization bibliography and resources
Innovative companies from Finland 1995
Yearbook
Yearbook of international organizations 1998/99. Vol. 2, Geographic volume, international organization participation: country directory of secretariats and membership
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list
The post-Soviet handbook : a guide to grassroots organizations and Internet resources
International handbook of universities
Official directory of the European Union
The Grants register. 2005.
Museums of the world. 1, Afghanistan - Swaziland
World list of universities and other institutions of higher education
A guide to the British food manufacturing industry
Gale e-commerce sourcebook. Vol. 2, Directory of e-commerce associations, consultants, and other organizations, continued ; Directory of leading e-commerce companies ; General index
Museums of the world. Volume 2, Thailand - Zimbabwe, Indices
A guide to centres of international lending and copying
Gale e-commerce sourcebook. Vol. 1, "How to" topics in e-commerce ; Directory of e-commerce associations, consultants, and other organizations
World guide to libraries
Guide to textile conservation products and suppliers
European directory of training centres in heritage skills and crafts
A directory of European environmental organizations
International handbook of universities 2009.. 2
Language industries atlas
Directory of information sources for health care in developing countries
Compendium of pulp and paper training and research institutions
Directory of forestry research organizations
Information handbook of the Council of the European Union
FAO seed review. 1984-85
Research in Finland : a brief guide to research institutions
International mycological directory
Worldwide government directory : with international organizations 1987-88
Youth movements of the world
Suur-New Yorkin suomalaisten osoiteopas sekä hyödyllisiä tietoja : 1932 = Greater New York Finnish directory and useful information
Internet resources : ELT, linguistics, and communication
European research centres : a directory of organizations in science, technology, agriculture, and medicine
