http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7075 personality
personality
Theories of personality and psychopathology
Type A behavior pattern revisited long-term follow-up from the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease study
Research in personality
How to work for an idiot : revised and expanded with more idiots, more insanity, and more incompetency : survive & thrive without killing your boss
Now in its 16th edition, Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to Psychology has been fully revised and updated to reflect all recent research developments, theories and ideas, whilst also retaining all of the qualities which have established it as a leading undergraduate psychology textbook over the past five decades, including its highly accessible and engaging student-centred approach. The established author team of Susan Nolen-Hoeksema, Barbara Fredrickson and Geoffrey R. Loftus has been joined by Christel Lutz (University of Utrecht), who has helped to add a fresh European influence, and thereby create a truly international introductory textbook. The 'Cutting Edge Research' box features and 'Seeing Both Sides' essays which conclude each chapter have been fully updated and replaced throughout, using contributions from a range of experts across the globe, and really help to bring the text to life for students.
How women decide : what's true, what's not, and why it matters
Personality and intelligence at work : exploring and explaining individual differences at work
Sputnik Sweetheart
Personality : basic aspects and current research
Healing the addictive personality : freeing yourself from addictive patterns and relationships
Introduction to personality
Approaches to personality theory
Personality and transformational leadership : perspectives of subordinates and leaders
The idiot brain : a neuroscientist explains what your head is really up to
Effects of personal traits on Generation Y consumers' attitudes toward the use of mobile devices for communication and commerce
Parents of gifted students have often experienced the frustration of trying to get an appropriate education for their children in public and private schools. Teachers have equally experienced the frustration of trying to educate these students due to classroom demands. Over the past two decades, Callard-Szulgit has accumulated well over 1,000 questions asked by parents in her gifted parenting classes, her graduate students of gifted education, education colleagues, and gifted students themselves. This user-friendly book offers common sense and educationally informative answers to the questions and dilemmas that parents and teachers seek. This book will be of interest to all who seek a fair and equitable education for the gifted.
Magic and mystery of birds : the surprising lives of birds and what they reveal about being human
Margarettown
Developments in the Rorschach technique. Volume I : Technique and theory / Bruno Klopfer ... [et al.]
Type A behavior pattern revisited : long-term follow-up from the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease study
Bobbi Brown pretty powerful : beauty stories to inspire confidence : start-to-finish makeup techniques to achieve fabulous looks
The introvert entrepreneur : amplify your strengths and create success on your own terms in ten steps
Narcissism : a new theory
Entrepreneurs with no business education building companies: how do they succeed? : can anyone be an entrepreneur?
The effect of sensory-processing sensitivity on social preference for online interaction and associated outcome on psychological wellbeing
Dimensions of personality
Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to psychology
You : being more effective in your MBTI® type
The structure of human personality
Parenting and teaching the gifted
Personality styles and brief psychotherapy
Teaching and learning personality assessment
Personality and learning : educational studies, a second level course. Block 2, Personality theories and dimensions
Towards a comprehensive theory of musical emotions : a multidimensional research approach and some empirical findings
Personality characteristics and functional capacity in depression and anxiety disorders
Brian Mayne's self mapping : the practical workbook : how to awaken to your true self
Progress in Experimental personality research. Vol 1
Personality traits in the blue tit
Blackwell handbook of infant development
Emotional intelligence at work : a professional guide
The analysis of the self : a systematic approach to the psychoanalytic treatment of narcissistic personality disorders
Affect imagery consciousness : the complete edition
Personality
The relation between interoceptive accuracy, temperament and personality
Pippa : simple tips to live beautifully
Emotional intelligence is increasingly being recognised as a key determinant to professional success in today's high-stress environment. This fourth, thoroughly revised, edition of a highly acclaimed book is an essential guide to recognise, understand and manage emotions.
The author argues that human beings are naturally intolerant of people who express values significantly different from their own. Because of this intolerance, psychologists and psychiatrists sometimes confuse individuality with abnormality and thus over diagnose disorders.
The problem of knowledge
Understanding psychology
Toward a discovery of the person : the first Bruno Klopfer memorial symposium, "Contemporary issues in the psychological evaluation of individuals" [and] Carl G. Jung centennial symposium, "Personality interpretation and physical models: a Jungian viewpoint"
Socioemotional development and health from adolescence to adulthood
Rate yourself! : Assess your skills, personality and abilities for the job you want
Advances in personality psychology. Vol. 2
Personality, roles, and social behaviour
Personality theories : development, growth, and diversity
Mindset : the new psychology of success
Colour me confident : change your look - change your life!
Identity problems in the Facebook era
Paths from socioemotional behavior in middle childhood to personality in middle adulthood
Personality disorders in the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
The same but different
A Chinese name to Cherish : Choosing an auspicious name for your baby
Mood and personality
Post-merger organizational identification as a discursive phenomenon
The varieties of human physique : an introduction to constitutional psychology
Studying personality cross-culturally
On personality and educational psychology
Personality research : a book of readings
Ego is the enemy
Objective approaches to personality assessment
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue"--
Personality traits and unemployment: Evidence from longitudinal data
Career counselling : compendium of methods and techniques
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue   Many of us insist the main impediment to a full, successful life is the outside world. In fact, the most common enemy lies within: our ego. Early in our careers, it impedes learning and the cultivation of talent. With success, it can blind us to our faults and sow future problems. In failure, it magnifies each blow and makes recovery more difficult. At every stage, ego holds us back.  Ego Is the Enemy draws on a vast array of stories and examples, from literature to philosophy to his&shy;tory. We meet fascinating figures such as George Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Katharine Graham, Bill Belichick, and Eleanor Roosevelt, who all reached the highest levels of power and success by con&shy;quering their own egos. Their strategies and tactics can be ours as well.  In an era that glorifies social media, reality TV, and other forms of shameless self-promotion, the battle against ego must be fought on many fronts. Armed with the lessons in this book, as Holiday writes, "you will be less invested in the story you tell about your own specialness, and as a result, you will be liberated to accomplish the world-changing work you've set out to achieve.""--
Projective techniques : a dynamic approach to the study of the personality
Structured personality-learning theory : a wholistic multivariate research approach
Personality, learning and teaching
Why don't Meyers-Briggs personality tests really work? Why are HR tests for new employees often meaningless? Why doesn't BMI - body mass index - correlate to actual health or physical fitness?  Individuals behave, learn, and develop in different ways, but these unique patterns of human behavior get lost in massive systems that play to average performance and average abilities, instead of individual performance and abilities. These systems made sense almost two centuries ago at the dawn of the Industrial Revolution, but in today's globalized digital world they are outdated and inadequate. Yet, every single one of us is affected by these archaic systems. They are far more prevalent that you can imagine, and far more insidious: standardized tests, academic grading systems, job applicant profiling, job performance reviews, job training, even medical treatments. These systems ignore our differences and ultimately fail at measuring and maximizing our potential.   As the first popular book on the science of the individual, The End of Average draws upon the very latest findings in the fields of psychology and sociology to show how, when we focus on individual findings rather than group averages, we are empowered to rethink the world and our place in it.
An introduction to social constructionism
With an English summary.
Starlight
Introvert power : why your inner life is your hidden strength
Sketch monsters : the new kid
Move the way you feel : effects of musical features, perceived emotions, and personality on music-induced movement
The cultural background of personality
Psychoanalytic theories of personality
Introduction to personality and intelligence
Personality assessment and self-other rating agreement : moderators and implications of agreement
Personality assessment
Developing leaders : research and applications in psychological type and leadership development : integrating reality and vision, mind and heart
Emotional capitalists : the new leaders : essential strategies for building your emotional intelligence and leadership success
Personality theories
Change the way you eat : the psychology of food
Why men lie & women cry
Psychometrics in coaching : using psychological and psychometric tools for development
The truth about style
Child training and personality : a cross-cultural study
Both an individual's personality and well-being are important throughout their lives. This book explores the current research on links between personality and well-being, and indicates possible directions for future research. This collection brings together empirical studies which focus on personality predictors of well-being and social adjustment in key developmental stages: adolescence, middle adulthood and late adulthood, to conclude that although personality traits are linked to well-being their influence can vary throughout the stages of development. The wide variety of behaviours and outcomes in which personality variables are involved suggests that further research is needed into the influence and interaction of environmental factors with personality traits.
The end of average : how we succeed in a world that values sameness
The merging of effective working culture practices at Toyota in an international business environment.
Personality in nature, society, and culture
The psychology of ageing : an introduction
Living in style : inspiration and advide for everyday glamour
European journal of personality
Year of yes : how to dance it out, stand in the sun and be your own person
Personality traits between puberty and adolescence : their relationships, development and constancy with reference to their relation to school achievement
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-Chan. 4
The 7 habits of highly effective people personal workbook
7 skills that will catapult your career
Cognitive-experiental theory : an integrative theory of personality
Paranormal, superstitious, magical, and religious beliefs
Attitude and Divergence in Business Students: An Examination of Personality Differences in Business and Non-Business Students
Human and personal identity
Flex : do something different : how to use the other 9/10ths of your personality
MBTI types and leadership styles
Long-term follow-up study focusing on MDD patients' maintenance treatment, adherence, disability and smoking
Depressive realism : interdisciplinary perspectives
"Unpredictable and entertaining, Burnett's account gives us up-to-date research and the principles of neuroscience along the way. Looking at memory, intelligence, observation, social interaction and personality, Burnett explains why: memory is like a doting mother; tall people are more intelligent; criticism is more powerful than praise; we remember faces before names; a glass of wine can refresh your memory and you can't be 'a little bit OCD'."--Allen & Unwin website.
When a man faces a difficult decision, he needs to make a judgement. When a woman faces the same decision, she also needs to avoid being judged. Conventional decision-making wisdom often doesn't apply. Under stress, a man's ability to make good decisions crumbles long before a woman's. And yet even the smartest women can dismiss rational decisions as a product of their intuition. Using personal interviews and expert data analysis, cognitive psychologist Therese Huston demonstrates the unique psychological and cultural differences between the sexes. Drawing on personal interviews with business leaders and expert data analysis, she demonstrates the unique psychological differences between the sexes that affect how women work, lead and make big life choices. Passionate, persuasive and superbly researched, How Women Decide offers a wealth of practical and enlightening insights, enabling women to make stronger, smarter decisions in a world that still whispers they can't.
Personality and individual differences : a natural science approach
Human personality and the environment
The little black book of style
The power of habit : why we do what we do in life and business
An introduction to theories of personality
Train your brain to be a genius
Unrequited : women and romantic obsession
Personality functioning and psychotherapy outcome
Personality, associative learning and related cortical activity
Who are you meant to be? : a groundbreaking step-by-step process for discovering and fulfilling your true potential
Antecedents and consequences of long-term unemployment
The origins of antisocial behavior : a developmental perspective
Personality : description, dynamics, and development
The psychology of character : with a survey of temperament
[Szondi's personality theory in the year 2004]. [Second volume], BEL colour test : test volume 2004
Inquiring man : the theory of personal constructs
Personality and learning : educational studies, a second level course. Block 7, Social relationships : interpersonal perception, personal construct theory and sociometry
Explorations in personality : a clinical and experimental study of fifty men of college age
Handbook of Personality Psychology
Color and personality
Applications of personal construct theory
Personality and the linguist : a comparison of the personality profiles of professional translators and conference interpreters
The changing relationship between personality traits and acceptance skills
Introduction to the Szondi test : theory and practice
The lonely crowd : a study of the changing American character
How to read a client from across the room : win more business with the proven character code system to decode verbal and nonverbal communication
Theories of personality : contemporary approaches to the science of personality
Rorschach's test. I : Basic processes / foreword by Willard L. Valentine
Personality : theory, assessment, and research
Associations between personality traits and sleep quality and quantity among young adults
Who do you think you are? : explore your many-sided self with The Berkeley Personality Profile
Designer evolution : a transhumanist manifesto
Personality : a biosocial approach to origins and structure
Theories of personality : primary sources and research
The normal personality : a new way of thinking about people
The psychology of culture : a course of lectures
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Personality, well-being and job resources : from negative paradigm towards positive psychology
Highly intuitive people : 7 right-brain traits to change the lives of intuitive-sensitive people
School achievement and personality : description of school achievement in terms of ability, trait, situational and background variables
Handbook of personality theory and research
The creative personality : hemispheric variation and sex differences in defence mechanisms related to creativity
Theories of personality
Influences of career concept changes in organisational and individual  career management practices
Rorschach's test. II : A variety of personality pictures / foreword by Roy R. Grinker
Adjustment, behavior, and personality
Handbook of moral and character education
Adult development and aging
International handbook of personality and intelligence
Life course approach to the development of hostility and anger : family origins in childhood and unemployment in adulthood
An ethics of personality
Current controversies and issues in personality
Describing personality utilizing the theory of fuzzy systems
Enabling genius : a mindset for success in the 21st century
Progress in experimental personality research. Volume 1
Applicants in a real-life selection context : their personality types, reactions to the process, and faking
The Birkman method
The princess problem : guiding our girls through the princess-obsessed years
How Adam Smith can change your life : an unexpected guide to human nature and happiness
The four temperaments
Personality and learning theory. Vol. 2, A systems theory of maturation and structured learning
The development and application of social learning theory : selected papers
Personality and social encounter : selected essays
Personal magnetism : discover your own charisma and learn to charm, inspire, and influence others
International perspectives on individual differences.. Vol. 1
Personality : an experimental approach
Introduction to personality : a new look
This comprehensive reference work on personality psychology discusses the development and measurement of personality, biological and social determinants, dynamic personality processes, the personality's relation to the self, and personality in relation to applied psychology. Each chapter provides a concise summary of the subject. Topics include such areas as: the nature of personality psychology; the Five Factor model; individual differences; stability of personality; evolutionary foundations of personality; cross-cultural perspectives; emotion; psychological defences; and the connection between personality and health.
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Personality theories : an introduction
Personality and heredity : an introduction to psychogenetics
The Lonely Crowd is considered by many to be the most influential book of the twentieth century. Its now-classic analysis of the new middle class in terms of inner-directed and other-directed social character opened exciting new dimensions in our understanding of the psychological, political, and economic problems that confront the individual in contemporary American society. The 1969 abridged and revised edition of the book is now reissued with a new foreword by Todd Gitlin that explains why the book is still relevant to our own era. As accessible as it is acute, The Lonely Crowd is indispensable reading for anyone who wishes to understand American society. After half a century, this book has lost none of its capacity to make sense of how we live.Todd Gitlin Praise for the earlier editions: "One of the most penetrating and comprehensive views of the twentieth-century urban American you're likely to find.
Lovebirds : how to live with the one you love
How children succeed : grit, curiosity and the hidden power of character
The complete Idiot's guide to indigo children
Sports coaching cultures : from practice to theory
Personality : theory, measurement and research
Personality theories : comparisons and syntheses
Levels of personality
The measurement of personality traits by scales and inventories
Long-term outcome of depressive disorders in primary health care
Temperament, personality, activity
The correspondence between group and individual in the factor structure of personality trait ratings
Warren Buffett invests like a girl : and why you should, too
Personality : a psychological interpretation
Eat right for your personality type : how to work with YOUR personality to create the perfect diet for you
The relationship between personality and motivation
Perception of privacy in smartphone applications : profiling users based on personality traits
Motives, personality, and society : selected papers
Choosing to listen : how personality is connected to the listening and use of self-chosen music in everyday life
Psychiatric visual expression interview in dissociative disorders
Advances in personality psychology. Vol. 1
Our political nature : the evolutionary origins of what divides us
The charisma myth : master the art of personal magnetism
"The first book to tell the natural history of political orientations. Our Political Nature is the first book to reveal the hidden roots of our most deeply held moral values. It shows how political orientations across space and time arise from three clusters of measurable personality traits. These clusters entail opposing attitudes toward tribalism, inequality, and differing perceptions of human nature. Together, these traits are by far the most powerful cause of left-right voting, even leading people to regularly vote against their economic interests. As this book explains, our political personalities also influence our likely choice of a mate, and shape society's larger reproductive patterns. Most importantly of all, it tells the evolutionary stories of these crucial personality traits, which stem from epic biological conflicts. Based on dozens of exciting new insights from primatology, genetics, neuroscience, and anthropology, this groundbreaking work brings core concepts to life through current news stories and personalities. For instance, readers will meet Glenn Beck and Hugo Chavez and come to understand the underlying evolutionary forces they represent. By blending serious research with relevant contemporary examples, Our Political Nature casts important light onto the ideological clashes that so dangerously divide and imperil our world today"--
Written within a bio-psychosocial framework, Cavanaugh and Blanchard-Fields' text covers the specific ages-stages of adult development and aging. In its unparalleled coverage of current research and theory, the authors draw clear connections between research and application. The book's focus on "positive aging" and the gains and losses people experience across adulthood distinguish it from its competitors.
The varieties of temperament : a psychology of constitutional differences
Psychosocial processes of health behaviour change in a lifestyle intervention : influences of gender, socioeconomic status and personality
A model for personality
Health-related quality of life and its associating factors among 25-64-year-old adults with or without long-term mental symptoms.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Self-consistency in human problem-solving : a theoretical note
Theory of personality and individual differences : factors, systems and processes
The acquaintanceship- and gender-effect on agreement on personality
Teenage beauty : everything you need to look pretty, natural, sexy & awesome
Personality and well-being across the life-span
Relationships between culture and personality structures : comparison of Finnish and American managers
