http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7082 watercrafts
watercrafts
Maritime terrorism and international trade
Boats of the world : from the Stone Age to Medieval times
The maritime engineering reference book : a guide to ship design, construction and operation
Personal water vehicle service manual
CEVNI : European code for inland waterways : revision 2
Bridge Resource Management for Small Ships : The Watchkeeper's Manual for Limited-Tonnage Vessels
Ship knowledge : covering ship design, construction and operation
Vehicles
Twenty trillion leagues under the sea
International code of safety for high-speed craft (HSC CODE) : resolution MSC.36(63) adopted on 20 May 1994.
The usborne big book of big machines
The nationality of ships
Things that go
What ship is that? : a field guide to boat  and ships
Ship Stability for Masters and Mates
Marine Propellers and Propulsion
101 amazing facts about ships and boats
Power Catamaran Design Study : eCat hybrid
This indispensible guide to ship stability covers essential topics such as flotation and buoyancy, small angle, large angle and longitudinal stability, water density effects, bilging, ship resistance, and advanced hydrostatics. Each chapter has a comprehensive list of aims and objectives at the start of the topic, followed by a check-list at the end of the topic for students to ensure that they have developed all the relevant skills before moving onto the next topic area. The book features over 170 worked examples with fully explained solutions, enabling students to work through the examples to build up their knowledge and develop the necessary key skills. The worked examples, which range in difficulty from very simple one-step solutions to SQA standard exam questions and above, are predominantly based on a hypothetical ship. The reader is supplied with extracts from a typical data book for the ship which replicates those found on actual ships, enabling the reader to develop and practise real-life skills.
Notable boats : forty remarkable craft, forty great adventures
Disaster at sea
Polar vessel design temperature = Analysis of Russian temperature data
Conservation of archaeological ships and boats : personal experiences
Liikennetilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Transport and communications statistical yearbook for Finland
Early ships and seafaring : European water transport
Soviet and Russian ekranoplans
Ships and submarines
Analysis of the ice load measurements during USCGC Healy ice trials, spring 2000
Ancient boats and ships
Luxury toys
Topic for the thesis was founded when the author was doing internship in Viktor Lenac drydock in Rijeka, Croatia. Viktor Lenac is one of the biggest drydocks in Croatia and the Mediterranean that is specialized in class surveys, drydocking and repurposing vessels.  This qualitative research was to model sales process, juridical aspects of drydocking quotations and develops the sales process in order to achieve advantage in tight competition. Theoretical part of the thesis focuses on sales process and theory in service sales business. To theoretical part can also be added juridical aspects of drydocking in forms of classification surveys and flag state administration rules. Data for the empirical part has been collected with theme interviews inside the sales organization as well with customers and project organization. The empirical data has been fulfilled with personal experiences acquired while doing an internship inside the sales organization. The thesis in its current form is meant to be used as a tool in drydocking sales organization as well as improve the sales process to be more customer focused to achieve higher value in the drydocking sales process.
Shipping law and EC competition law
MS Serena F, rantaanajo Hiittisten pohjoispuolella 6.3.2008 = MS Serena F, stranding north of Hiittinen on 6.3.2008
Design of marine generators for alternative diesel-electric power systems
To the sea : sagas of survival and tales of epic challenge on the seven seas
Liikennetilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Transport and communications statistical yearbook for Finland
Code of safety for fishermen and fishing vessels 2005.. Part B, Safety and health requirements for the construction and equipment of fishing vessels
Composite materials : design and applications
Ships & boats
Space Believe it or not! ; Mighty machines Believe it or not!
An illustrated history of seaplanes & flying boats
Ship stability, powering and resistance
Voluntary guidelines for the design, construction and equipment of small fishing vessels 2005
Performance standards for shipborne radiocommunications and navigational equipment
Modelling and developing sales process of vessel drydocking : case: Viktor Lenac d.d
Marine propellers and propulsion
The formidable force of the Normans at sea has been frequently overlooked. This volume shows their dominance over the Mediterranean, and its far-reaching effects.
Marine boring and fouling organisms
An approach to computing the second order steady forces on semisubmerged structures
Anchor handling and vessel safety
The right of hot pursuit in international law
Guide to the Haffenreffer-Herreshoff Collection : the Design Records of the Herreshoff Manufacturing Company, Bristol, Rhode Island
Connected by the sea : proceedings of the Tenth International Symposium on Boat and Ship Archaeology, Roskilde 2003, ISBSA 10
Sulphur content in ships bunker fuel in 2015 : a study on the impacts of the new IMO regulations and transportation costs
Handbook in hull insurance
On the move : an encyclopedia of transport
Developing short sea shipping transportation chains at Helsinki-Tallinn route
Handbook on maritime law. 3A, Registration of vessels, mortgages on vessels : Argentina-Norway
Polaris water vehicles shop manual 1996-1999
Wings Over Water : A chronicle of the flying boats and amphibians of the twentieth century
Proposal for the establishment of an Åland International Ship Register and Tonnage Tax Regime
FSS Code : International Code for fire safety systems : resolution MSC.98(73)
Norman naval operations in the Mediterranean
Finnish inland waterway fleet in 1975 : an analysis with special reference to wood transporting vessels
Toy boats : a century of treasures from sailboats to submarines
Clymer Yamaha water vehicles shop manual 1993-1996
Ship safety handbook. 2, Main requirements for the issue of statutory certificates
Model course. 3.19, Ship security officer
IMO guidelines on ship recycling : including MEPC/Circ. 466 "Gas-free-for-hot-work" certification
Yacht interiors
Places of refuge for ships : emerging environmental concerns of a maritime custom
American folklife
Canoe building : in glass reinforced plastic
Ultralight boatbuilding : How you can build light, elegant and simple boats and canoes using plywood and epoxy
An introduction to ROV operations
Building a strip canoe : full-sized plans and instructions for eight easy-to-build, field-tested canoes
Model course. 3.03, Survey of machinery installations
Aboriginal bark canoes of the Murray Valley
Ship stability for masters and mates
On the diffusion of the bark canoes, skin boats and expanded log boats in the Eurasian North
Jane's surface skimmers 1975-76 : hovercraft and hydrofoils
Jane's surface skimmers 1972-73 : hovercraft and hydrofoils
Jane's high-speed marine transportation. 2007-2008
All about ships : amazing maritime facts
The illustrated science encyclopedia : transport : a journey of discovery that explores how humans have developed ways of travelling on the sea, on land and in the air
Ship registration
Leviathan : an Event Group adventure
Mighty machines
Small Waterplane Area Ships
Beyond the horizon : essays on myth, history, travel and society : in honor of Jukka Siikala
