http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7085 home help services
home help services
Together for homehelp services
Home care across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Falling is the main cause of domestic accidents and fatal injuries to seniors at home. In this paper, we describe the design process for a new pervasive technology (CIRDO). The aim of this technology is to detect falls (via audio and video sensors) and to alert the elderly's family or caregivers. Two complementary studies were performed. Firstly, the actual risk situations of older adults were analyzed. Secondly, social acceptance was investigated for the different homecare field stakeholders. Our results highlight the tensions among social actors towards the tool and their impacts on technology acceptance by the elderly. Also, we show a significant change in the fall process due to the device. In actuality, the social functions associated with CIRDO implementation and the necessity of iterative design processes suggest that the CIRDO system should be more flexible and versatile to better fit the risk behaviors of seniors that evolve using this device..
English summary.
From community care to market care? : the development of welfare services for older people
Home care fraud and abuse : critical questions, essential answers
This book is a fresh contribution to the feminist welfare state debate as far as caring is concerned. By using the case of municipal homemakers in Finland, the author analyzes the relation between women and the caring state. The analysis addresses the welfare state formation, beneficial for women and built by women in alliance with leftist men, sympathetic to women's issues. The Finnish experience differs from any other Western models of home help. In Finland, municipal homemakers are well trained, permanently promoted into their public employee positions and they earn fixed monthly salaries. The homemaking position is not a case of female reserve labour but a life-long occupation. The emergence and development of the occupation is analyzed from a critical perspective, differentiating between ideologies and actual practices in creation of this public caring reform. However, the gendered nature of caring work in the public sphere also in the Nordic countries comes out clearly: it is a woman's work with women's wage and low status in spite of high unionization. The welfare state is contradictory to women.
Service development plan : Case: Finnish Red Cross Tampere Branch home care service
Home-based long-term care : report of a WHO study group
Independent lives? : community care and disabled people
The substitution issue : care policies and their consequences for family care
The political principle concerning services for older people in Finland emphasises home care. The public authority set the national targets concerning service provisions and attempts to encourage the older population to remain in their own homes for as long as possible. In this regard, the national government employs a typical sociological or gerontological concept, known as ageing in place. Although the structure of social and health care services significantly shifted to domiciliary services in the 1990s, Finland is still considered to maintain relatively institutionalised welfare programmes. Due to continual ageing and pressures to reduce expenditure on social services, it still remains unexplored as to what extent encouraging ageing in place is realistic from the aspect of the living environment.This study is conducted as a single case study focusing on sixteen local districts in the city of Oulu. The forty-three projects researched, covering all categories, namely residential homes, sheltered housing and rental accommodation for older people, and ranging from central location to suburban districts, are systematically analysed using the building permits and the collected data in addition to the researcher’s neighbourhood surveys. The collected data are primarily analysed in quantitative manners and measured in multi-disciplinary ways.The outcomes of the analysis overall suggest that the living standards of all the housing projects studied here do not necessarily help older residents to cope with every possible environmental problem while real meanings of diversity among the projects studied are considered to be rather limited regarding the aspect of the possible lifestyles of residents. The degree of the realisation of ageing in place depends on the definition of the concept adopted by the various stakeholders (national and local authorities, developers, service providers, older people). The realisation of ageing in place seems to require wider and deeper discussions.Discussion of the ageing-in-place concept points to a lack of preventative objectives which aims at minimising services by providing appropriate living settings for older people instead of pursuing the best combination of care services and accommodation. There are special roles which only housing facilities can address.
Environmental gerontology : making meaningful places in old age
Ageing in place : potentials and restrictions : a case study of the living environment for older people in Oulu
Reforms in long term care policies in Europe : investigating institutional change and social impacts
The public sector middle manager : the puppet who pulls the strings
Abstract: Care enterprises and the functionality of elderly people living at home : the perspectives of againg people, municipal decision-makers and care entrepreneurs.
Family care of the elderly : social and cultural changes
Home service concept : technology, logistics and business management
Households̕ consumption
Kotipalvelu 1986, 1988, 1990 = Hemservice 1986, 1988, 1990 = Home help 1986, 1988, 1990.
Clientship and the quality of home help services : - where does quality begin?
A market analysis of single-house renovation services in Finland : a customer-oriented service and business development
Outreach work in care services for older people : practices and experience
Social security and community care
Community care : the family, the state and social policy
Occupational therapy in community-based practice settings
Perceived work ability and physical capacity of home care workers : effects of the physical exercise and ergonomic intervention on factors related to work ability
Potential and challenges in home care service process optimization : a route optimization approach
Supporting community care of demented patients
Home health care nursing : administrative and clinical perspectives
Theory of Constraints in field service : factors limiting productivity in home care operations
Home visiting : procedures for helping families
Nutrition in care homes and home care : report and recommendations : from recommendations to action
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
Detecting falls at home : User-centered design of a pervasive technology
Lehmuskoti dementia unit : towards the symptoms-relieving environment
Situation analysis for FACES worker cooperative
Attitudes towards online grocery shopping service among the elderly and disabled
Good quality of life for elderly people : SPE project end report
Home care in Europe : a country-specific guide to its organization and financing
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2003 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2003 = A count of clients having regularly home care services on 30 November of 2003
Development project as driving change in elderly care
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2010 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2010 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2010
Independent living market in Germany, UK, Italy, Belgium and the Netherlands
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Technology as a part of care service production : concept design case for Wiktio
The social work supervisor : supervision in community, day care and residential settings
Home care for ageing populations : a comparative analysis of domiciliary care in Denmark, the United States and Germany
Home care and services for the aging people in Finland
Community care : the independent voice of social work
Theory of constraints in field service : factors limiting productivity in home care operations
Interactive system for ubiqutous home services : b Kotipalvelujen vuorovaikutteinen läsnä-älyjärjestelmä
Residential architecture / [author & editor, Carles Broto]
Family work with elderly people
Social work and community care
Young families under stress : outcomes and costs of Home-Start support
SHOPS : smart home payment services : towards the liberalisation of Europe's utilities industry
Community care : a reader
Home Care Across Europe : current structure and future challenges
The Living-at-home program : innovations in service access and case management
Health economic studies on advanced home care
The Theory of Catering
The little old lady who broke all the rules
Abstract: Health behaviour and health among Finnish elderly, Spring 2009, with trends 1993-2009.
Second wind
Schools and social work
Quality of life in older people receiving ADL help : help, help providers, and complaints
Planning Strategies for Home Care Services
Cultivating agency in home care : transforming the paradigms for interaction between home care and their elderly clients
Supporting older people's independent living at home through social and health care collaboration
Home service concept : from user needs to services
"For every person over the age of 65 in todayʼs European Union there are four people of working age but, by 2050, there will only be two. Demand for long-term care, of which home care forms a significant part, will inevitably increase in the decades to come. Despite the importance of the issue there is, however, a lack of up-to-date and comparative information on home care in Europe. This volume attempts to fill some of that gap by examining current European policy on home-care services and strategies. Home Care across Europeprobes a wide range of topics including the linkage between social services and health-care systems, the prevailing funding mechanisms, how  service providers are paid, the impact of governmental regulation, and the complex roles played by informal caregivers. Drawing on a set of Europe-wide case studies (available in a second, online volume), the study provides comparable descriptive information on many aspects of the organization, financing and provision of home care across the continent. It is a text  that will help frame the coming debate about how best to serve elderly citizens as  European populations age." -- (takakansi)
Public welfare services and inequality : introduction to methodology and some examples with the 1985 Finnish household expenditure survey data
Due credit to home care : working life challenges
Promoting health at the community level
Feminist social policy in Finland : contradictions of municipal homemaking
The elderly in modern society
Community-dwelling older people in patient rehabilitation : physiotherapists' and clients' accounts of treatments, and observed interaction during group sessions
Abstract: Homecare in change : a 15-year follow-up study in the organisation, content and quality of homecare in the City of Kuopio.
Women's active citizenship
The cultures of caregiving : conflict and common ground among families, health professionals, and policy makers
Eco-efficient services as a route towards sustainable development : between the traditional and the radical / Markku Anttonen
Partnerships in family care
Customer-oriented service in retirement homes
Community care : the voice of social care
Outsourcing the grocery shopping service to an online grocery retailer
Community-dwelling older people in inpatient rehabilitation : physiotherapists' and clients' accounts of treatments, and observed interaction during group sessions
Good quality of life for elderly people : SPE Project end report
Elderly in home care : in municipalities Pello, Rantsila and Tervola in Northern Finland : report of sustainable rural health care networks project 1st June 2005 - 1st September 2007
Establishing a private social service company to support individuals living at home
