http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7084 settlement geography
settlement geography
Human geography : issues for the twenty-first century
Social and economic dynamics affecting settlement patterns in Utsjoki valley
The urbanization of Rome and Latium Vetus : from the Bronze Age to the Archaic Era
Bridging Wallage's line : the environmental and cultural history and dynamics of the SE-Asian-Australian region
Becoming locals in a borderland of exiles : sense of place in the stories of Lithuania Minor dwellers
Commerce and colonisation : studies of early modern merchant capitalism in the Atlantic economy
Land development and colonization in Latin America : case studies of Peru, Bolivia, and Mexico
An urbanizing world : global report on human settlements, 1996
Tracing mobilities : towards a cosmopolitan perspective
The landscape of Britain : from the beginnings to 1914.
Uig : a Hebridean parish. Parts 1 and 2
Gendered perspectives on rehabilitation after involuntary resettlement in urban Sri Lanka
Valuation of goods transportation characteristics : a study of a sparsely populated area
Changes in residential location in the city of Tampere
Environmental history of early India : a reader
Europe between the oceans : themes and varations : 9000 BC to AD 1000
The interplays of histories, economies and cultures in human adaptation and settlement patterns : the cases of the Faroe Islands and Greenland
Human geography : places and regions in global context
Landscapes in flux : Central and Eastern Europe in Antiquity
Bebyggelsehistorisk tidskrift. 26, (1993), The future of rural landscapes
Outcomes of post-tsunami housing reconstruction : a case study from Sri Lanka
Evolving regional and local development
Place : an introduction
Who's your city? : how the creative economy is making where to live the most important decision of your life
Social geography : progress and prospect
Communities as factors of social geography : the Finnish rural settlements in the vicinity of Thunder Bay, Ontario
Assignment geography : structured exercises in human geography
The historic river : rivers and culture down the ages
The human geography of East Central Europe
Cultural ecology: one theory?
Landscape and settlement in Romanov Russia, 1613-1917
The Early Iron Age in South Scandinavia : social order in settlement and landscape
The pioneer fringe
Atlas över skärgårds-Finland = Saaristo-Suomen kartasto = Atlas of the archipelago of Southwestern Finland
Geographical changes of rural settlement in northwestern Sweden since 1523
Human territoriality : its theory and history
Languages of the Himalayas : an ethnolinguistic handbook of the greater Himalayan Region : containing an introduction to the symbiotic theory of language
The density of Finnish settlement system
Prehistoric America : an ecological perspective
An introduction to human geography : issues for the 21st century
Rivers
Limits of land settlement
The global origins and development of seafaring
Environment and human geography in Tver region, NW Russia and East Finland
The demographic structures and settlement patterns of Finland have evolved during the past 10,000 years. During this time the population has grown to its present size of almost 5.2 million through phases of fast and slow increase, and occasional periods of decrease.Changes in the settlement pattern have accompanied the population growth. From the twelfth to the middle of the twentieth century, the general trend was a continuous dispersion of settlement from the southern core areas. The most significant twentieth-century redistributions of the population happened in connection with the resettling of over 400,000 refugees after World War II, and the Great Move in the 1960s and 1970s from rural to urban areas and to Sweden.Finland remained a predominantly rural country until the 1960s. Structural changes within primary production and an increasingly international economy set into motion a regional concentration of the population. Today over 80 percent of the population lives in densely built areas covering only 2.2 percent of the land area.The population's age structure and the current level of natural reproduction will lead to a fast population decrease beginning in the 2020s. The work force will decrease from 2010 onward. These demographic problems will damage the future economy and competitiveness of Finland, unless immigration is encouraged and actively supported.
The United States : habitation of hope
Readings in rural settlement geography
Agricultural geography : a social and economic analysis
Ideas of landscape
Handbook of cultural geography
Companion encyclopedia of geography : the environment and humankind
Settlement, shieling and landscape : the local history of a forest hamlet
Tourism geography
The changing role and importance of the built environment for daily travel in Sweden
Man and his habitat : essays presented to Emyr Estyn Evans
Interpreting the landscape : landscape archaeology and local history
Geographies of exclusion : society and difference in the West
Shaping medieval landscapes : settlement, society, environment
Pioneer settlement : coöperative studies by twenty-six authors
Essays on migration
Geographical factors in the spread of permanenet settlement in parts of Finland and Sweden from the end of Iron Age to the begionning of modern times
The Manasseh hill country survey. Vol. 2, The Eastern valleys and the fringes of the desert
Shaping Rural Areas in Europe. Perceptions and Outcomes on the Present and the Future sets out to investigate the effect of urban perceptions about the rural and consequent demands on rurality on the present and future configurations of rural territories in Europe in the early twenty-first century. This volume presents and discusses a broad range of case studies and theoretical and methodological approaches from different academic fields, mainly Anthropology, Sociology and Geography.
Changing second home landscape: a study in cultural geography.
The 5th European Palaeobotanical and Palynological Conference, June 26-30, 1998 Cracow, Poland : guide to excursion. 4, Holocene-Prehistoric settlement and its environmental setting east of Cracow
By the fifteenth century Europe was a driving world force, but the origins of its success have until now remained obscured in prehistory. In this book, distinguished archaeologist Barry Cunliffe views Europe not in terms of states and shifting political land boundaries but as a geographical niche particularly favored in facing many seas. These seas, and Europe's great transpeninsular rivers, ensured a rich diversity of natural resources while also encouraging the dynamic interaction of peoples across networks of communication and exchange. The development of these early Europeans is rooted in complex interplays, shifting balances, and geographic and demographic fluidity.
Landscapes of settlement : prehistory to the present
Shaping rural areas in Europe : perceptions and outcomes on the present and the future
Suojoki at Keuruu : a mid 14th-century site of the wilderness culture in the light of settlement historical processes in Central Finland
The EU and neighbors : a geography of Europe in the modern world
This book focuses on urbanization and state formation in middle Tyrrhenian Italy during the first millennium BC by analyzing settlement organization and territorial patterns in Rome and Latium vetus from the Bronze Age to the Archaic Era. In contrast with the traditional diffusionist view, which holds that the idea of the city was introduced to the West via Greek and Phoenician colonists from the more developed Near East, this book demonstrates important local developments towards higher complexity, dating to at least the beginning of the Early Iron Age, if not earlier. By adopting a multidisciplinary and multitheoretical framework, this book overcomes the old debate between exogenous and endogenous by suggesting a network approach that sees Mediterranean urbanization as the product of reciprocal catalyzing actions.
The evolution of settlement in the Buchan district of Aberdeenshire since the late sixteenth century
Atlas of Finland. Appendix 153 (1992), Settlement
Land use - UK : a survey for the 21st century
Migrating back in history? : the settlement structure and migration in Finland, a 400 year's perspective
Prehistoric Japan : new perspectives on insular East Asia
Weeds : how vagabond plants gatecrashed civilisation and changed the way we think about nature
The population of Britain in the 1990s : a social and economic atlas
The mormon village : a pattern and technique of land settlement
Migrating back to history? : the settlement structure and migration in Finland, a 400 years ̓perspective
The Soviet Union : a systematic geography
Fenno-ugri et slavi 1978 : papers presented by the participants in the Soviet-Finnish Symposium "The Cultural Relations between the Peoples and Countries of the Baltic Area during the Iron Age and the Early Middle Ages" in Helsinki May 20-23, 1978
Railways in Britain : an historical-geographical perspective
Ländliche Gesellschaft europäischer Peripherien = Rural society of European peripheries
Places and regions in global context : human geography
Natural and human environment of Poland : a geographical overview
The synanthropisation of vascular plant flora of mires in the coastal zone (Kashubian coastal region, N Poland) : range, reasons for, and spatial characteristics
Cities in space : city as place
Pattern and process in human geography
The natural history of Juan Fernandez and Easter Island. Vol. 1, Geography, geology, origin of the island life, pt.1:1 Notes on a visit to Easter Island
Man, culture, and settlement : a festschrift presented to Prof. R. L. Singh
Cities transformed : demographic change and its implications in the developing world
The cultural landscape : an introduction to human geography
