http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7083 original sin
original sin
[Kierkegaard's writings]. [8], The concept of anxiety : a simple psychologically orienting deliberation on the dogmatic issue of hereditary sin
Describing the political effects of Original Sin, Professor Budziszewski shows how man's suppression of his knowledge of right and wrong corrupts his conscience and accelerates social collapse. The depraved conscience grasps at the illusion of "moral neutrality," the absurd notion that men live together without a shared understanding of how things are. After evaluating the political devices, including the American Constitution, by which men have tried in the past to work around the effects of Original Sin, Dr. Budziszewski elucidates the pitfalls of contemporary communitarianism, liberalism, and conservatism.
Sufficient saving grace : John Wesley's evangelical arminianism
The burning bush : on the Orthodox veneration of the Mother of God
Envy
The theology of Thomas Aquinas
The tempter's voice : language and the fall in medieval literature
Original sin and everyday Protestants : the theology of Reinhold Niebuhr, Billy Graham, and Paul Tillich in an age of anxiety
The ancestral sin
Augustine of Hippo and Martin Luther on original sin and justification of the sinner
It has been over a decade since the first edition of The Cambridge Companion to Augustine was published. In that time, reflection on Augustine's life and labors has continued to bear much fruit: significant new studies into major aspects of his thinking have appeared, as well as studies of his life and times and new translations of his work. This new edition of the Companion, which replaces the earlier volume, has eleven new chapters, revised versions of others, and a comprehensive updated bibliography. It will furnish students and scholars of Augustine with a rich resource on a philosopher whose work continues to inspire discussion and debate.
A good man is hard to find : stories
The joy of being wrong : original sin through easter eyes
The revenge of conscience : politics and the fall of man
Luther between present and past : studies in Luther and Lutheranism
Original sin : Two major trends in contemporary Roman Catholic reinterpretation
Sloth
Original sin : a code of fallibility
Original selfishness : original sin and evil in the light of evolution
Sinners by nature or sinners by choice are the traditional positions of Western and (Near) Eastern branches of the Church. John Chrysostom, an early fifth century Bishop of Constantinople, took the latter position. Having gained a basic anthropology from his training in the Greek paideia, he understood the mindset to be the centre of responsibility of the person. Then the person with a renewed mindset sets about shaping it to be conformed to the image of Christ.
Original blessing : a primer in creation spirituality : presented in four paths, twenty-six themes, and two questions
Doing without Adam and Eve : sociobiology and original sin
In the years following World War II, American Protestantism experienced tremendous growth, but conventional wisdom holds that midcentury Protestants practiced an optimistic, progressive, complacent, and materialist faith. In Original Sin and Everyday Protestants, historian Andrew Finstuen argues against this prevailing view, showing that theological issues in general--and the ancient Christian doctrine of original sin in particular--became newly important to both the culture at large and to a generation of American Protestants during a postwar "age of anxiety" as the Cold War took root. Finstuen focuses on three giants of Protestant thought--Billy Graham, Reinhold Niebuhr, and Paul Tillich--men who were among the era's best known public figures. He argues that each thinker's strong commitment to the doctrine of original sin was a powerful element of the broad public influence that they enjoyed. Drawing on extensive correspondence from everyday Protestants, the book captures the voices of the people in the pews, revealing that the ordinary, rank-and-file Protestants were indeed thinking about Christian doctrine and especially about "good" and "evil" in human nature. Finstuen concludes that the theological concerns of ordinary American Christians were generally more complicated and serious than is commonly assumed, correcting the view that postwar American culture was becoming more and more secular from the late 1940s through the 1950s. - Publisher.
The Cambridge companion to Augustine
Mindset, moral choice and sin in the anthropology of John Chrysostom
Original sin : a cultural history
Theology of illness
Summa theologiae. Vol. 26, Original sin (Ia2ae 81-85)
The biblical doctrine of the original sin
Foucault and Augustine : reconsidering power and love
Bound to sin : abuse, Holocaust, and the Christian doctrine of sin
Augustine and the functions of concupiscence
