http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7091 telephone apparatuses
telephone apparatuses
Mobile phone testing in 2G and 3G networks
Fundamentals of digital video broadcasting for handheld devices
Revenue Models of Mobile Health Applications : Free-to-play applications
Professional iPhone and iPad database application programming
How to unplug : get off your gadgets and start enjoying real life
Evaluating IP security on lightweight hardware
The development and use of patient location application
Leveraging social networking services on multipurpose public displays
Android : modern mobile platform and possibilities of using NFC
The iPhone represents an important moment in both the short history of mobile media and the long history of cultural technologies. Like the Walkman of the 1980s, it marks a juncture in which notions about identity, individualism, lifestyle and sociality require rearticulation. this book explores not only the iPhone's particular characteristics, uses and "affects," but also how the "iPhone moment" functions as a barometer for broader patterns of change. In the iPhone moment, this study considers the convergent trajectories in the evolution of digital and mobile culture, and their implications for future scholarship. Through the lens of the iPhone--as a symbol, culture and a set of material practices around contemporary convergent mobile media--the essays collected here explore the most productive theoretical and methodological approaches for grasping media practice, consumer culture and networked communication in the twenty-first century.
BlackBerry Pearl 3G for dummies
Talk is cheap : switching to internet telephones
Old-time telephones! : technology, restoration, and repair
My iPhone
THE DEVELOPMENT AND USE OF PATIENT LOCATION APPLICATION
Towards a sociology of the mobile phone
Managing mobile services : technologies and business practices
The handheld library : mobile technology and the librarian
Measurements for transducers in mechanics
Mobile communication and work practices in knowledge-based organizations
Windows Phone 7 plain & simple : your easy, colorful, see-how guide to Windows Phone 7!
App savvy : turning ideas into iPhone and iPad apps customers really want
The Wireless Application and Development Built on Java 2 Platform, Micro Edition
iPhone® application development all-in-one for dummies®
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
Automated testing of mobile devices
Abstract: Automated testing of mobile devices.
Automatic testing procedure for mobile phone's batteries and chargers
Webshop Optimization for Mobile Devices
How to do everything : iPhone 4S
Charging and TDMA noise in mobile terminals
Developing a distributed simulation environment on a cluster of workstations
Automated test system for FM radio measurements
Windows Phone 7 application development for dummies
Grounding the innovation of future technologies
The independent guide to the iPad
Renewal of RF automated test system software
Context awareness for navigation applications
Masquerader detection in mobile context based on behaviour and environment monitoring
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
Creating art with mobile phones in public spaces is an emerging form of artistic expression. This dissertation investigates the design of mobile art applications for creating and sharing interactive art experiences in public spaces. It explores new ways of deploying mobile and ubiquitous computing for art making that fosters creativity and community. This is done by developing a series of novel prototype applications, with a focus on multimodal interfaces, that are put into use in authentic environments for validation by real people. The results of this research inform future design of new forms of artistic and social activity that may eventually become everyday actions of creative expression and exploration.
Product meaning, affective use evaluation, and transfer : a preliminary study
Skype(R) for dummies(R)
VHDL test bench for memory testing = VHDL testipenkki muistipiirien testaukseen
iPhoneTM 3GS : portable genius
Going towards the new 42V car electric system
Coming up with this topic for the bachelor’s thesis was my own idea. However, my lecturer gave me the idea to use the current UbiPIll application and find out if anything else could be added to the application. The main aim of this thesis was to enable one to be familiar with smart phones that use Android and Google maps. In addition, it aimed at enabling one to be able to implement a computer application that can run on a real smart phone that uses Android platform. In order to achieve this, it was necessary to develop a Patient Location mobile application system. The application will be part of the Ubipill project and aimed at assisting the patients to take their medication on time especially the elderly patients. In addition, it had to assist nurses to be able to monitor their patients regularly more easily and effectively. Conducting this study involved a number of methods, materials and devices such as a computer, modem and a printer. The most fundamental one was the online reading materials that assisted in getting to know more about the UbiPill project. In the current world, mobile phones have become very important and vital devices that play major roles in the day-to-day life of human beings. This not only for the fact that they are very useful devices when it comes to communication but for the reason that they come with more and more interesting features with the advancing technology. People are changing towards making use of smart phones because they are able to assist them in doing many different things that an ordinary phone is not capable of doing. Among the things that people do with mobile phones is gaming, finding directions and remind patients to take their medication, which the basis of this research. Mobile phone manufactures have preinstalled games into the mobile phones and Google map application that assist people in finding the directions of a place.Since the development of mobile smart phones and its popularity, the integration of a computer application into a mobile application has been on the rise. These applications are developed to run on the Android mobile phone platform. This is for the fact that Android platform dominates the market of smart phones. The idea behind the application is that some patients forget to take their medication on time or even the caretakers forget to give medication to their patients. The application makes use of notifications to remind the nurses to give medication to their patients and gives them the direction to the exact location of their patients. Nevertheless, there are still possible future improvements that can be done on the application apart from the patient location. One such improvement is making the application to have the capabilities to show the exact correct medication dosage for a particular drug. The result of the study is a working application, which makes use of mobile phones to find the location of a patient that has not taken medication.
Ways of walking : understanding walking's implications for the design of handheld technology via a humanistic ethnographic approach
Building mobile applications without coding
BlackBerry for work : productivity for professionals
Quality and reliability assessment of the mobile phone display
Third generation mobile technology and its evolution towards fourth generation
Verification system of HP8922 GSM test set calibration
The new media and heterotopic technologies in the Philippines
WIRECOM : wireless communication devices and human health : national research programme into the health effects of mobile phones : final report
T3 : toys for the boys
PESQ measurements with mobile phones
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
Teaching generation text : using cell phones to enhance learning
Beginning Windows Phone 7 application development : building Windows Phone applications using Silverlight and XNA
Empowering mobile art practice : a recontextualization of mobile and ubiquitous computing
Optimization of the charging interface
Studying mobile media
Digital switching systems : system reliability and analysis
The mobile revolution : the making of mobile services worldwide
Human factors and voice interactive systems
Google app inventor for Android
Touchscreen / Lambert M. Surhone, Miriam T. Timpledon, Susan F. Marseken (Ed.)
Location updating generator in GSM
The everything guide to mobile apps : a practical guide to affordable mobile app development for your business
Wireless devices end to end
Web on-the-go : a preview of the way of living in a wireless web world
Efficient Speaker Recognition for Mobile Devices
How electronic things work ... and what to do when they don't
iPhone for programmers : an App-driven approach
iPhone for dummies
The iPhone book : how to do the most important, useful & fun stuff with your iPhone
iPhone for programmers : an app-driven approach
In order to develop sustainable business, the significance of quality management is constantly increasing. Highly saturated mobile phone industry companies need to understand the competitive factors related to product manufacturing. Quality is considered as competitive factor that has influence over several departments in company. The influence of quality is often economical but may also be brand related. Reliability is used as a tool for predicting the demanded quality of the product. The goal of this thesis is to examine the quality and reliability of mobile phone display from the desired failure mode point of view. Thesis is commissioned by a mobile phone company, and the quality and reliability tools and techniques are selected based on company`s recommendations. The data and tools for analyzing quality and reliability are from the company`s R&D department. For the selected failure mode, a comprehensive quality and reliability analysis is conducted that describes the design modifications and how modifications are affecting the reliability of the product. Theory section presents the importance of quality and reliability management, and also the theory of tools and techniques used for quality improvement. Case study presents the design enhancements of the product for improved reliability. To clarify the desired quality level, a user experience study is conducted. Based on design enhancements, user experience study and reliability estimations, a comprehensive understanding of the failure mode severity is introduced. Thesis work gives an estimation of the failure mode severity and a summary of the current failure mode state.
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
iPhone : the missing manual
Impedance matching and tuning of non-resonant mobile terminal antennas
Mobile solutions and the construction industry : is it a working combination?
Designing for ultra-mobile interaction : experiences and a method
Collecting data from measuring instruments
Enterprise Service Book Application for Multiple Mobile Platforms
The Phone : an appreciation
Windows phone 7 programming for Android and iOS developers
iPhone 3G
Kustantajan kuvaus: High quality content by WIKIPEDIA articles! A touchscreen is an electronic visual display that can detect the presence and location of a touch within the display area. The term generally refers to touch or contact to the display of the device by a finger or hand. Touchscreens can also sense other passive objects, such as a pen. However, if the object sensed is active, as with a light pen, the term touchscreen is generally not applicable. The ability to interact physically with what is shown on a display (a form of "direct manipulation") typically indicates the presence of a touchscreen.
Open mobile identity : secure identity management and mobile payments using hand-held devices
Mobile phones, identity and discursive intimacy
Modeling and managing energy consumption of mobile devices
RF/Audio switch unit
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
It seems logical to argue that mobile computing technologies are intended for use “on-the-go.” However, on closer inspection, the use of mobile technologies pose a number of challenges for users who are mobile, particularly moving around on foot. In engaging with such mobile technologies and their envisaged development, we argue that interaction designers must increasingly consider a multitude of perspectives that relate to walking in order to frame design problems appropriately. In this paper, we consider a number of perspectives on walking, and we discuss how these may inspire the design of mobile technologies. Drawing on insights from non-representational theory, we develop a partial vocabulary with which to engage with qualities of pedestrian mobility, and we outline how taking more mindful approaches to walking may enrich and inform the design space of handheld technologies..
The use of smartphones among students in their education/social life : how smartphones are changing the way students are learning
Evolution of 3G networks : the concept, architecture and realization of mobile networks beyond UMTS
Skype hacks(TM)
