http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7096 analytic functions
analytic functions
The theory of analytic functions : a brief course
A method of analytic continuation
Properties of Toeplitz operators on analytic function spaces : from function symbols to distributions
Analytic functions and their derivatives
Fundamentals of complex analysis with applications to engineering and science
Elementary theory of analytic functions of one or several complex variables
The theory of functions of a complex variable
Two results on slit mapping functions
"An H(b) space is defined as a collection of analytic functions which are in the image of an operator. The theory of H(b) spaces bridges two classical subjects: complex analysis and operator theory, which makes it both appealing and demanding. The first volume of this comprehensive treatment is devoted to the preliminary subjects required to understand the foundation of H(b) spaces, such as Hardy spaces, Fourier analysis, integral representation theorems, Carleson measures, Toeplitz and Hankel operators, various types of shift operators, and Clark measures. The second volume focuses on the central theory. Both books are accessible to graduate students as well as researchers: each volume contains numerous exercises and hints, and figures are included throughout to illustrate the theory. Together, these two volumes provide everything the reader needs to understand and appreciate this beautiful branch of mathematics"--
Automorphic functions
Foundations of complex analysis
On Picard-type theorems and boundary behavior of quasiregular mappings
On meromorphic solutions of the functional equation f(p(z))=q(f(z))+h(z)
Derivatives of inner functions
New alternatives for k-Means clustering
Classical complex analysis : a geometric approach. Vol. 2
Functions of a complex variable : theory and technique
Banach spaces of analytic functions
The logarithmic integral. 1
The Fourier transform and its applications
Quasiconformal mappings in the plane : parametrical methods
Fundamentals of complex analysis : engineering, science, and mathematics
Banach spaces of analytic functions : proceedings of the Pelczynski conference held at Kent State University, July 12-16, 1976
Calculus of one variable
On some complex function spaces and classes
Complex analysis : an introduction to the theory of analytic functions of one complex variable
The theory of H(b) spaces. Volume 2
The theory of H(b) spaces
Function theory of one complex variable
Algebroid solutions of binomial and linear differential equations
Advanced analytic number theory : L-functions
A primer on the Dirichlet space
Complex analysis
Bergman spaces
Blaschke products and their applications
Estimates for univalent functions with quasiconformal extensions
Lectures on modular forms
This book provides a systematic introduction to functions of one complex variable. Its novel feature is the consistent use of special color representations so-called phase portraits which visualize functions as images on their domains.Reading Visual Complex Functions requires no prerequisites except some basic knowledge of real calculus and plane geometry. The text is self-contained and covers all the main topics usually treated in a first course on complex analysis. With separate chapters on various construction principles, conformal mappings and Riemann surfaces it goes somewhat beyond a standard programme and leads the reader to more advanced themes.In a second storyline, running parallel to the course outlined above, one learns how properties of complex functions are reflected in and can be read off from phase portraits. The book contains more than 200 of these pictorial representations which endow individual faces to analytic functions. Phase portraits enhance the intuitive understanding of concepts in complex analysis and are expected to be useful tools for anybody working with special functions even experienced researchers may be inspired by the pictures to new and challenging questions.Visual Complex Functions may also serve as a companion to other texts or as a reference work for advanced readers who wish to know more about phase portraits.
Proceedings of the 12th International Conference on Finite or Infinite Dimensional Complex Analysis and Applications
Non-Archimedean analysis : a systematic approach to rigid analytic geometry
Spaces of analytic functions : seminar held at Kristiansand, Norway, June 9-14, 1975
An introduction to classical complex analysis. 1.
Interpolation, identification, and sampling
Interpolation and sampling in spaces of analytic functions
Problems in the theory of functions of a complex variable
Complex functions : an algebraic and geometric viewpoint
On the existence of analytic functions with a finite Dirichlet integral
Conformal representation
The concept of a Riemann surface
An H(b) space is defined as a collection of analytic functions which are in the image of an operator. The theory of H(b) spaces bridges two classical subjects: complex analysis and operator theory, which makes it both appealing and demanding. The first volume of this comprehensive treatment is devoted to the preliminary subjects required to understand the foundation of H(b) spaces, such as Hardy spaces, Fourier analysis, integral representation theorems, Carleson measures, Toeplitz and Hankel operators, various types of shift operators, and Clark measures.
Classical complex analysis : a geometric approach. Vol. 1
Topics in complex function theory. Vol. 2, Automorphic and Abelian integrals
Complex analysis : the hitchhiker's guide to the plane
Visual complex functions : an introduction with phase portraits
