http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7090 telephones
telephones
Movies in Finnkino theatre's
English telephone conversations
Display contact informations and locations in Google Maps with Flash Lite 3.1
M-commerce adoption in Kajaani
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
THE DEVELOPMENT AND USE OF PATIENT LOCATION APPLICATION
Telephone conversation
BlackBerry for work : productivity for professionals
Summary (s. 11-14).
Cyber-bullying : issues and solutions for the school, the classroom and the home
Webshop Optimization for Mobile Devices
Professional iPhone and iPad database application programming
User-centered development of video telephony for servicing mainly older users : review and evaluation of an approach applied for 10 years
Wireless marketing
Bridging souls and human minds : a history of the telephone in Finland
As Huawei mobile phone is more and more popular in Finland. Reasons behind this phenomenon should be found. Analysis of the reasons can help us to find the future trend of smart phone market in Finland. There are two main parts in this thesis: hardware part and market part. Hardware part compares the different models of Huawei mobile phone in different period. This can help us to know what had been developed on Huawei mobile phone. In addition, in this thesis will analyze the reports from different local companies, and compare the data of the reports. According to the analysis, the future trend of Huawei in Finland can be found. The main result is that Huawei will invest and develop more in European market. Since Huawei is also making a lot of developments in technology industry, the future trend in Finland is promising and Huawei will develop more mobile phones in the future.
Strategic processes and turning points in ICT business : case Nokia
Tanzania Telecommunication Company Limited as a Mobile Service Provider
Parallel Views : Education and Access for Deaf People in France and the United States
WCDMA radio network performance
Skype hacks(TM)
The telephone : the life story of a technology
Design is a question of style
Telecommunications statistics 1995.
Sign language interpreting : theory and practice in Australia and New Zealand
IMPACT OF A BRAND ON CONSUMER DECISION MAKING PROCESS
SMS based Android asset tracking system
Geographic personal data, its privacy protection and prospects in a location-based service environment
Abstract.
Employees app with XML parsing and messaging in WP7
Telephone French
Telecommunications statistics 1996.
Smartphone Cross-Platform Frameworks : A case study
Online Food Shop for iPhone
The Use of Modern Communication Mediums for Customer Base Expansion in the Banking Sector of Pakistan
Use of QR codes in Vamk
Abstract: Automated testing of mobile devices.
Implementation of a micropsocessor controlled telephone billing system
iPhone for programmers : an App-driven approach
Statistics measurement definition work to Nokia TETRA system
Brand Strategy and Marketing Communication : Case Company: Huawei Technologies. Co. Ltd.
Charles Batchelor; Edison's chief partner
Gender and the telephone : voice and emotions shaping and gendering space
Development of test case library for service aware charging and control
Masquerader detection in mobile context based on behaviour and environment monitoring
Melitta : a Trace tool
Mobile technology in Africa : the emergence and  indispensability of mobile phones
HTML5 as a cross platform technology for the mobile application development
Global competition between and within standards : the case of mobile phones
The impact of US cellular operators' CDMA decision on the stock prices of cellular telephony producers
A slow start at the beginning of the recycling chain : how to make consumers recycle their mobile phones?
Conversation and technology : from the telephone to the internet
The videophone in health care in Finland : English version of the final report on three field trials
Survey research by telephone
The death of distance : how the communications revolution will change our lives
Telephone calls : unity and diversity in conversational structure across languages and cultures
M-Commerce Adoption in Kajaani
Utilization of mobile phone as pointing device
Marketing communication plan : case DNA Finland Ltd: how to gain more Russian prepaid subscription customers?
THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN BRAND ORIGIN AND BRAND EQUITY : Case Company: Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd
Picasa image gallery with JSON in WP7
Merriam-Webster's guide to international business communications
Suomen puhelukortit arviohintoineen 1982-1994 = Telephone cards of Finland and their values 1982-1994
Incredible iPhone apps for dummies
Hello! Is that Grandma?
Studying mobile media
Current Chinese Consumer Purchase Behaviour : Case: Shanzhai Mobile Phones
Dynamically generated assembly blitter for S40 mobile phones
What's next for communication?
Mobile phone revolution in the tundra? : Technological change among Russian reindeer nomads
Performance indicators for public telecommunications operators
Implementing parser tool to visualize trace and error log files in Media Gateway
Phony equality : labour standards of mobile phone manufactures in India
iPhone : the missing manual
Management coaching : research on coaching Telesales
Telephone survey methodology
Finnish-British Telephone Conversations in Business and Engineering : transactions through compassion
Windows Phone 7 application development for dummies
Suomen puhelukortit = Telephone cards of Finland
Student capabilities to utilize m-learning service in new smart phones
Context awareness for navigation applications
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
Beginning Windows Phone 7 application development : building Windows Phone applications using Silverlight and XNA
Smart selling on the phone and online : inside sales that gets results
Testing of S60 search applicaton
Coming up with this topic for the bachelor’s thesis was my own idea. However, my lecturer gave me the idea to use the current UbiPIll application and find out if anything else could be added to the application. The main aim of this thesis was to enable one to be familiar with smart phones that use Android and Google maps. In addition, it aimed at enabling one to be able to implement a computer application that can run on a real smart phone that uses Android platform. In order to achieve this, it was necessary to develop a Patient Location mobile application system. The application will be part of the Ubipill project and aimed at assisting the patients to take their medication on time especially the elderly patients. In addition, it had to assist nurses to be able to monitor their patients regularly more easily and effectively. Conducting this study involved a number of methods, materials and devices such as a computer, modem and a printer. The most fundamental one was the online reading materials that assisted in getting to know more about the UbiPill project. In the current world, mobile phones have become very important and vital devices that play major roles in the day-to-day life of human beings. This not only for the fact that they are very useful devices when it comes to communication but for the reason that they come with more and more interesting features with the advancing technology. People are changing towards making use of smart phones because they are able to assist them in doing many different things that an ordinary phone is not capable of doing. Among the things that people do with mobile phones is gaming, finding directions and remind patients to take their medication, which the basis of this research. Mobile phone manufactures have preinstalled games into the mobile phones and Google map application that assist people in finding the directions of a place.Since the development of mobile smart phones and its popularity, the integration of a computer application into a mobile application has been on the rise. These applications are developed to run on the Android mobile phone platform. This is for the fact that Android platform dominates the market of smart phones. The idea behind the application is that some patients forget to take their medication on time or even the caretakers forget to give medication to their patients. The application makes use of notifications to remind the nurses to give medication to their patients and gives them the direction to the exact location of their patients. Nevertheless, there are still possible future improvements that can be done on the application apart from the patient location. One such improvement is making the application to have the capabilities to show the exact correct medication dosage for a particular drug. The result of the study is a working application, which makes use of mobile phones to find the location of a patient that has not taken medication.
Increasing reality for DTN protocol simulations
Efficient Speaker Recognition for Mobile Devices
Mobile Application for Online Contact Synchronization : Phone Contact Back Up Application
Designing shift calendar for mobile phone
Consumers in Europe : facts and figures on services of general interest
Multi-element antennas for mobile communication systems : design, evaluation and user interactions
Automated testing of mobile devices
"Hello, central?" : gender, technology and culture in the formation of telephone systems
Always on : language in an online and mobile world
Weather in Windows Phone 7
Abstract: Statistics measurement definition work to Nokia TETRA system.
Old telephones
Mobile network reception problems in low energy buildings : working group report
Forecasting the telephone : a retrospective technology assessment
Finns on the phone : a compendium of telephone techniques to improve your international business communication in English
Gadgets and necessities : an encyclopedia of household innovations
Capturing and uploading image, video or audio files to server with Flash Lite and APIBridge
Indoor radio planning : a practical guide for GSM, DCS, UMTS, HSPA and LTE
Motivation of Crowds' Online Participation in Crowdsourcing Community : A case of XIAOMI MIUI
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
The talking wire
GPRS in wireless data : functioning and design of the network
Analysis and evaluation of the security concerns of VoIP services on smart phones : a case study of the Android-based phones.
New Technology and Optimization of Mobile Phone Battery
Talk is cheap : switching to internet telephones
The world of computers and communications
On questions, responses and ellipsis in a corpus of English telephone conversations
The Phone : an appreciation
Creating an Interesting Places application - take and share media in WP7
The telephone book : technology, schizophrenia, electric speech
"There are more than one billion Android devices in use today, each one a potential target. Unfortunately, many fundamental Android security features have been little more than a black box to all but the most elite security professionals until now. In Android Security Internals, top Android security expert Nikolay Elenkov takes us under the hood of the Android security system. Elenkov describes Android security architecture from the bottom up, delving into the implementation of major security related components and subsystems, like Binder IPC, permissions, cryptographic providers, and device administration."--Publisher's website.
"Telecommunications and disability" : proceedings of COST 219 seminar
Analysis of modem integration in open source smart phone platforms
The development and use of patient location application
Omnitele news : the customer magazine of Omnitele Ltd
Essential telephoning in english
Skype(R) for dummies(R)
Mobile Game Development, Mobile Market Insights and Animation Methods.
Development of SGML based information system Case Study: Scout-project : Nokia Mobile Phones PCC Oulu/User interface design
Telephone interpreting : a comprehensive guide to the profession
Android security internals : an in-depth guide to Android's security architecture
Vintage telephones of the world
Analysis of Modem Integration in Open Source Smartphone Platforms
Windows Phone 7 plain & simple : your easy, colorful, see-how guide to Windows Phone 7!
Test Automation and Continuous Integration
Telephone repair illustrated
The iPhone represents an important moment in both the short history of mobile media and the long history of cultural technologies. Like the Walkman of the 1980s, it marks a juncture in which notions about identity, individualism, lifestyle and sociality require rearticulation. this book explores not only the iPhone's particular characteristics, uses and "affects," but also how the "iPhone moment" functions as a barometer for broader patterns of change. In the iPhone moment, this study considers the convergent trajectories in the evolution of digital and mobile culture, and their implications for future scholarship. Through the lens of the iPhone--as a symbol, culture and a set of material practices around contemporary convergent mobile media--the essays collected here explore the most productive theoretical and methodological approaches for grasping media practice, consumer culture and networked communication in the twenty-first century.
Creating image gallery with Flash Lite and APIBridge
Symbian OS communications programming
Enterprise Service Book Application for Multiple Mobile Platforms
Summary.
How to conduct telephone surveys
Basic iPhone Programming : Case: Dictionary Application
Food Scanner : barcode reader
Mobile phone customization work development and improvement
English for academic correspondence and socializing
Secure communications : applications and management
Smartphone  cross-platform frameworks : a case study
Cut the cord! : the consumer's guide to VoIP
Research tools and architectural considerations for future GNSS receivers
Interpreting: an introduction
Telephones for all : Nordic design guidelines
The anatomy and causal structure of a corporate myth: Nokia by the book
The concise guide to telephone tactics
Introduction to mobile video : how to send live TV and streaming video to 2G and 3G multimedia telephones
Liikennetilastollinen vuosikirja 1985 = Samfärdselstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of transport statistics
User interaction experiences on the touchscreen mobile device
Eco-friendliness in the brand experience of high-tech products
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
Suomen puhelukortit 2005/2006 = Telephone cards of Finland 2005/2006
Foreign direct investment environment in Nigeria : a survey of the mobile telecommunication companies
On communication in the modern age : Taylorism and beyond
Wireless and mobile network architectures
Modern cable television technology : video, voice and data communications
BlackBerry Pearl 3G for dummies
Smartphones in vocational tourism education : truly useful or just another reason to find new excuses
Camera phone supporting the family carer : ethical considerations
A Smartphone Company's Innovative Marketing Strategy in the Chinese Market : A case study of iPhone
Liikennetilastollinen vuosikirja = Samfärdselstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of transport statistics. 1983
Applied conversation analysis : intervention and change in institutional talk
Snake game in Windows Phone 7
Third generation mobile technology and its evolution towards fourth generation
N-Gage launches the game
Much as I like talking to you I can't hear you : communicative fluency in Finnish-British telephone conversations
Suomen puhelukortit 1982-1996 = Telephone cards of Finland 1982-1996
Telephone and the internet
Business calls
Memory management in EPOC
Puhelimessa 5 kielellä = On the phone = I telefon = Am Telefon = Au téléphone = Po telefonu
Puhelimessa 5 kielellä : on the phone = i telefon = am Telefon = au téléphone = po telefonu
iPhone for programmers : an app-driven approach
The analysis of Huawei’s trend in Finland: case Huawei mobile phone
Communication in modern social ordering : history and philosophy
iPad & iPhone user : e-lehti
Mobile phone testing in 2G and 3G networks
The Wireless Application and Development Built on Java 2 Platform, Micro Edition
Telephoning in English
Evolution of 3G networks : the concept, architecture and realization of mobile networks beyond UMTS
Telephone communication and hearing impairment
Sensors in Smartphones
The master switch : the rise and fall of information empires
Streaming MP3 player in WP7
Business letters, thank-you notes & telephoning
Old-time telephones! : technology, restoration, and repair
