http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7099 crusades
crusades
Strange landscape : a journey through the middle ages
John of Brienne : king of Jerusalem, emperor of Constantinople, c.1175-1237
Arab historians of the Crusades
The Crusades
A history of the Crusades. Vol. 2, The later crusades, 1189-1311
Contesting the crusades
Chivalry, kingship and crusade : the English experience in the fourteenth century
Crusades : the illustrated history
An illustrated history of the Knights Templar
Poland, holy war, and the Piast monarchy, 1100-1230
The crusades and Latin monasticism, 11th-12th centuries
The sacred scroll
Die Kreuzritterbibel = The Morgan Crusader Bibel = La Bible des Croisades : Pierpoint Morgan Libarary, New York, M 638. Bibliothéque nationale de France, Paris, Ms. nouv.acq. lat. 2294. J. Getty Museum, Los Angeles, 83.MA55.. Kommentar = Commentary = Commentaire
Cross and crescent in the Balkans : the Ottoman conquest of South-Eastern Europe (14th - 15th centuries)
Crusade and Christendom : annotated documents in translation from Innocent III to the fall of Acre, 1187-1291
Clergy divided : Clerical influence on politics in the First Kingdom of Jerusalem the nontemporary Latin view
Knight : the medieval warrior's (unofficial) manual
An illustrated history of the Crusades and the crusader knights : the history, myth and romance of the medieval knight on crusade, with over 400 stunning images of the battles, adventures, sieges, fortresses, triumphs and defeats
The jester
Fighting for the cross : crusading to the Holy Land
The crusade : historiography and bibliography
Perdition : the crusader's last stand
Brethren
The Old French William of Tyre
The jester : a novel
Narrating the Crusades : loss and recovery in medieval and early modern English literature
Examines Pope Gregory's central role in the crusading movement and his ability to enlist the participation of virtually all the leaders of Western Europe, the Byzantine emperor, and the Ilkhan of the Moguls to attack the Mamluk Sultan Baybars. Although Gregory's premature death put an end to his crusade plans, the book demonstrates that he left a lasting mark on crusading in the years to come.
The Historia Ierosolimitana of Baldric of Bourgueil
The experience of crusading. Vol. 2, Defining the crusader kingdom
A short history of the Knights Hospitaller of St. John, of Jerusalem, of Rhodes, and of Malta : illustrated
Extraordinary popular delusions & the madness of crowds
Pope Gregory X and the crusades
The cross and the crescent : a history of the crusades
The first crusade : a new history
Saladin : hero of Islam
Estates, communities and the constitution of the Latin Kingdom
The fourth crusade : the conquest of Constantinople
The practices of crusading : image and action from the eleventh to the sixteenth centuries
Crusade, commerce, and culture
The Oxford illustrated history of the Crusades
The Templars
Caffaro, Genoa and the twelfth-century crusades
Contact and conflict in Frankish Greece and the Aegean, 1204-1453 : crusade, religion and trade between Latins, Greeks and Turks
A history of the crusades. 2, The Kingdom of Jerusalem and the Frankish east 1100-1187
The crusades and their sources : essays presented to Bernard Hamilton
Palgrave advances in the Crusades
The lion of Cairo
A history of the crusades. 3, The Kingdom of Acre and the later crusades
Crusade. 4 : The fire beaks
Massacre at Montségur : history of the Albigensian crusade
Cathar castles : fortresses of the Albigensian crusade 1209 - 1300
A history of the Crusades. Vol. 1, The first hundred years
The debate on the Crusades
The Book of deeds of James I of Aragon : a translation of the medieval Catalan Llibre dels fets
In 2010, a parcel bomb was sent from Yemen by an al-Qaeda operative with the intention of blowing up a plane over America. The device was intercepted before the plan could be put into action, but what puzzled investigators was the name of the person to whom the parcel was addressed: Reynald de Chatillon - a man who died 800 years ago. But who was he and why was he chosen above all others? Born in twelfth-century France and bred for violence, Reynald de Chatillon was a young knight who joined the Second Crusade and rose through the ranks to become the pre-eminent figure in the Crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem - and one of the most reviled characters in Islamic history. In the West, Reynald has long been considered a minor player in the Crusades and is often dismissed as having been a bloodthirsty maniac. Tales of his elaborate torture of prisoners and his pursuit of reckless wars against friends and foe alike have coloured Reynald's reputation. However, by using contemporary documents and original research, Jeffrey Lee overturns this popular perception and reveals him to be an influential and powerful leader, whose actions in the Middle East had a far-reaching impact that endures to this day. In telling his epic story, God's Wolf not only restores Reynald to his rightful position in history but also highlights how the legacy of the Crusades is still very much alive.
The long sword
The invention of the Crusades
Popes, monks, and crusaders
The road to Jerusalem
Creating Christian identities : crusaders and local communities in the Levant, 1907-1187
A chronology of the Crusades
Muslims and Crusaders : Christianity's Wars in the Middle East, 1095-1382, from the Islamic Sources
Deadly days in history
Sacred plunder : Venice and the aftermath of the Fourth Crusade
Crusader castles in Cyprus, Greece and the Aegean 1191-1571
Documents on the later crusades, 1274-1580
Crusading in the twelfth century was less a series of discrete events than a manifestation of an endemic phenomenon that touched almost every aspect of life at that time. This book includes various versions of Giles Constable's classic essays on medieval crusading, along with two major studies on the cross of the crusaders and the Fourth Crusade.
The last crusade in the West : Castile and the conquest of Granada
Crusading and pilgrimage in the Norman world
A history of the Crusades. 2, The kingdom of Jerusalem and the Frankish East 1100-1187
A history of the crusades. 2, The Kingdom of Jerusalem and the Frankish East 1100-1187
The falcons of Montabard
Birth of the kingdom
A history of the crusades. 3, The kingdom of Acre and the later crusades
Chronicles the apocalyptic motivations and brutality of the First Crusade, which destroyed civilizations in the Near and Middle East.
The book of contemplation : Islam and the Crusades
John of Brienne's progress, from mid-ranking knightly status to king of Jerusalem and later Latin emperor of Constantinople, traces one of the most remarkable careers in the entire medieval period. But how and why did he achieve such heights? This biographical study of aristocratic social and geographical mobility in the 'Age of the Crusades' reassesses John's fascinating life, and explores how families and dynasticism, politics, intrigue, religion and war all contributed to John's unprecedented career. A major figure in the history of the thirteenth-century Mediterranean, and yet very much a product of the workings of the society of his day, this book reveals how John's life, and its multifarious connections to France, Italy, the German empire and the papacy, can illuminate the broad panorama of the early thirteenth-century world, and the zenith of the Crusading movement.
A concise history of the crusades
"Muslims and Crusaders supplements and counterbalances the numerous books that tell the story of the crusading period from the European point of view, enabling readers to achieve a broader and more complete perspective on the period. It presents the Crusades from the perspective of those against whom they were waged, the Muslim peoples of the Levant. The book introduces the reader to the most significant issues that affected their responses to the European crusaders, and their descendants who would go on to live in the Latin Christian states that were created in the region. This book combines chronological narrative, discussion of important areas of scholarly enquiry and evidence from primary sources to give a well-rounded survey of the period. It considers not only the military meetings between Muslims and the Crusaders, but also the personal, political, diplomatic and trade interactions that took place between Muslims and Franks away from the battlefield. Through the use of a wide range of translated primary source documents, including chronicles, dynastic histories, religious and legal texts and poetry, the people of the time are able to speak to us in their own voices. "--
Chivalry : the origins and history of the orders of knighthood
Dei gesta per Francos : etudes sur les croisades dédiées à Jean Richard, crusade studies in honour of Jean Richard
The creation of the principality of Antioch, 1098-1130
Jerusalem the Golden : the origins and impact of the first crusade
God wills it! : an illustrated history of the crusades
Crusaders and crusading in the twelfth century
The Origin of the Idea of Crusade
Wales and the crusades, c. 1095-1291
The templars
Crusader castles in the Holy Land 1097-1192
The crusades and the Christian world of the East : rough tolerance
The scorpion. Volume 3
The Crusades, 1095-1197
Byzantium : the apogee
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
This collection brings together new work by an international cast of distinguished scholars, who explore areas as diverse as the military and ecclesiastical aspects of the First Crusade; its representation in contemporary sculpture; and the way it has been portrayed in modern fiction and film. Further contributions analyse and compare primary sources and historiography, and yet others consider the crusade in its Mediterranean context, which is sometimes overlooked. These definitive studies of established areas of research are augmented by the ground-breaking work of a number of early-career academics who are working in relatively new areas: the 'emotional language' used in the narrative sources; the memorialization of the crusades; and the use of literary sources for crusade studies: notably there are complementary papers on the heroes and villains depicted in the Old French poetic accounts of the First Crusade. In these twenty-one essays every historian and interested reader of medieval history will find illumination and food for thought.
"An exciting new work in the burgeoning field of movie medievalism, this collection of essays focuses on film representations of the Crusades, other medieval East/West encounters, and the modern inheritance of encounters between orientalist fantasy and apocalyptic conspiracy. The essays themselves make substantial contributions to our understanding of orientalist medievalism in film"--Provided by publisher.
The first crusade 1096-99 : conquest of the Holy Land
The race for paradise : an Islamic history of the Crusades
Saladin and Richard the Lionhearted : selected annals from masālik al-absār fī mamālik al-amsār
The crusades : Islamic perspectives
Crusader institutions
Crusade. 3 : The Master of Machines
Kingdoms and strongholds of the Crusaders
Historical atlas of the crusades
Armies of heaven : the first crusade and the quest for apocalypse
Hollywood in the Holy Land : essays on film depictions of the Crusades and Christian-Muslim clashes
Writing the early Crusades : text, transmission and memory
Heresy, inquisition and life-cycle in Medieval Languedoc
The crusades through Arab eyes
The Crusades and the Near East : Cultural Histories
Crusader Syria in the thirteenth century : the Rothelin continuation of the History of William of Tyre with part of the Eracles or Acre text
The crusades : a history
The Middle Ages
In Narrating the Crusades, Lee Manion examines crusading's narrative-generating power as it is reflected in English literature from c.1300 to 1604. By synthesizing key features of crusade discourse into one paradigm, this book identifies and analyzes the kinds of stories crusading produced in England, uncovering new evidence for literary and historical research as well as genre studies. Surveying medieval romances including Richard Coeur de Lion, Sir Isumbras, Octavian, and The Sowdone of Babylone alongside historical practices, chronicles, and treatises, this study shows how different forms of crusading literature address cultural concerns about collective and private action. These insights extend to early modern writing, including Spenser's Faerie Queene, Marlowe's Tamburlaine, and Shakespeare's Othello, providing a richer understanding of how crusading's narrative shaped the beginning of the modern era. This first full-length examination of English crusading literature will be an essential resource for the study of crusading in literary and historical contexts.
Byzantium : the decline and fall
The new crusaders : images of the crusades in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries
Crusade propaganda and ideology : model sermons for the preaching of the cross
The templars : knights of God
Chronicles of the Crusades : eye-witness accounts of the wars between Christianity and Islam
THE CRUSADES / OLDENBOURG
The crusades influenced western European society in the middle ages far beyond the military campaigns themselves. Reactions and involvement did not always follow the assumptions of ideology or supporters, medieval or modern. In this wide ranging collection of articles spanning thirty years, Christopher Tyerman explores the relationships between action and perception, ambition and practice, propaganda and support. One section concentrates on the role the crusade played in the politics and elite culture of the early fourteenth century, particularly in France. A further series of essays examines the nature of crusading as a phenomenon from the twelfth to the sixteenth centuries, notably the contrasts between official, literary and popular reception, and how it was variously understood by contemporaries and promoted by apologists in England, continental Europe and the Baltic. Finally, the structure of crusading armies is explored in a sequence that analyses the organisation of expeditions, including communal decision-making on the First Crusade, the sociology of recruitment and, in a previously unpublished major study, the importance of pay to crusaders from 1096 onwards.
A knight at the movies : medieval history on film
The Italian crusades : the Papal-Angevin alliance and the crusades against Christian lay powers, 1254-1343
Solomon's thieves. Book one
The crusades
Europe in the High Middle Ages
The Crusades : a history
Holy war
Pogroms of the first Crusade in the Medieval Local Historiography
The dream and the tomb : a history of the Crusades
The experience of crusading. Vol. 1, Western approaches
Crusader castles in the Holy Land 1192-1302
The medieval knight at war
God's wolf : the life of the most notorious of all crusaders, Reynald de Chatillon
The Canso d'Antioca : an Occitan epic chronicle of the First Crusade
Road to Jerusalem : [the epic tale of a crusader knight]
The Templars : history & myth
The genesis of a crusade chronicle in the early twelfth century
The awful secret
The fourth crusade : the conquest of Constantinople 1201-1204
Popular Muslim reactions to the Franks in the Levant, 1097-1291
Competing voices from the Crusades : fighting words
Saladin and the crusaders : selected annals from masālik al-absār fī mamālik al-amsār
Crusades : medieval worlds in conflict
The Northern crusades : the Baltic and the Catholic frontier 1100-1525
Deeds done beyond the sea : essays on William of Tyre, Cyprus and the military orders presented to Peter Edbury
The Jews and the Crusaders : the Hebrew chronicles of the first and second Crusades
The liturgy of the Canons regular of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem : a study and a catalogue of the manuscript sources
The Crusades : the essential readings
The crusaders in Syria and the Holy Land
The Second Crusade : scope and consequences
Chronicle of the Third Crusade : a translation of the Itinerarium peregrinorum et gesta Regis Ricardi
The first crusade : a brief history with documents
Crusade and jihad : origins, history, aftermath /cMalcolm
The Crusades : an encyclopedia
Outremer : studies in the history of the crusading kingdom of Jerusalem presented to Joshua Prawer
Fighting for Christendom : holy war and the crusades
Lionheart
The Byzantine patriarchate : 451-1204
The age of the crusades : the Near East from the eleventh century to 1517
The crusade indulgence : spiritual rewards and the theology of the Crusades, c.1095-1216
The Fourth Crusade in the historical memory of the Eastern Orthodox Slavs
The new knighthood : a history of the Order of the Temple
God of battles : holy wars of Christianity and Islam
A history of the Crusades. 1, The first crusade and the foundation of the kingdom of Jerusalem
