http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p71 bullying
bullying
Blast from the blast
How to overcome bullying at school? : the adult survivors' perspective
My brother Bernadette
Survive bullying at work : how to stand up for yourself and take control
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Bratfest at Tiffany's : a clique novel
Cyber-bullying : issues and solutions for the school, the classroom and the home
Tsukushi Makino is accepted into the prestigious, Eitoku Academy, but her life changes when the F4 decides she should be bullied. / WorldCat.
The lottery
There's no such thing as a Snappenpoop
Crow girl
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
Dealing with bullying in schools : a training manual for teachers, parents and other professionals
Bullying : an international perspective
Please don't torment Tootsie
Bullies, cyberbullies and frenemies
School bullies`quest for power : implications for group dynamics and intervention
The list
A cat with a difference
The enormous crocodile
"On a typical afternoon, teenage Joe is being chased by bullies from school when he accidentally runs through a portal to another world. He finds himself in a training camp for a group of teenage boys and girls who will become Runners. Each cycle, three Runners are sent to place the power sources that will secure the shield that protects their land, Carcassia, and keeps the enemy Kabanians at bay. Once they've achieved their objective, a toxin is released into their bodies and they die. No one is permitted to return through the shield. And nobody can remain in the enemy territory. Joe is sent on the next Run, accompanying the Runner, Kaia. He is hoping that he will find a way back to Earth - much to Kaia's annoyance, as she is focused only on her goal. Gradually, a delicate friendship develops between the two, and Joe wonders if he can save Kaia as well as himself. But as they pursue their Run, Kaia and Joe come to question the histories they've been given, and the ambition of their enemy. The Run suddenly becomes more dangerous than anyone could have envisaged." --Publisher description.
The nature of school bullying : a cross-national perspective
Towards Well-Being at School with Integrative Pedagogy
Adult bullying : perpetrators and victims
So many Everests
Cyber-bullying : issues and solutuions for the school, the classroom and the home
My secret bully
What is it that makes some children bully and some become victims? What can you do if despite your best efforts, a child keeps on taunting another? What steps can you take before communicating with parents and what will you say? The practice of bullying endures in all schools today. Despite the implementation of bullying policies, parents and staff can be equally perplexed: not really understanding what they have or haven't done to allow it to happen. Christine Macintyre explores this highly emotive topic, asking why as many as one in 12 school children are bullying victims, and will show in a highly practical way, what can be done to support the children and help staff improve their own practice. This book will provide help and guidance on: enhancing the self-esteem of the affected children, showing how new-found confidence will enable children to offset the effects of being bullied or indeed being a bully; how to tell parents their child is bullying or being bullied, and how to build up a meaningful and mutually supportive relationship with them; and, creating a learning environment that prevents the desire for children to bully. Based on case studies giving first hand accounts of real-life situations, and evaluations of strategies that have been tried and tested, this book suggests fresh and inspiring ways of tackling a problem faced by many practitioners today.
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Riley Cavanaugh is many things: Punk rock. Snarky. Rebellious. And gender fluid. Some days Riley identifies as a boy, and others as a girl. But Riley isn't exactly out yet. And between starting a new school and having a congressman father running for reelection in uber-conservative Orange County, the pressure media and otherwise is building up in Riley's life.On the advice of a therapist, Riley starts an anonymous blog to vent those pent-up feelings and tell the truth of what it's really like to be a gender fluid teenager. But just as Riley's starting to settle in at school - even developing feelings for a mysterious outcast - the blog goes viral, and an unnamed commenter discovers Riley's real identity, threatening exposure. And Riley must make a choice: walk away from what the blog has created - a lifeline, new friends, a cause to believe - in or stand up, come out, and risk everything.
Binny in secret
Ugly shy girl
Fat boy swim
Sugar and spice? : bullying in single-sex schools
Stories from the heart : case studies of emotional abuse
Helping children deal with bullying
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Different forms of bullying among children and youth : prevalance, gender and differences, and development
Over the last decade or so research into bullying, emotional abuse and harassment at work, as distinct from harassment based on sex or race and primarily of a non-physical nature, has emerged as a new field of study. Two main academic streams have emerged: a European tradition applying the concept of 'mobbing' or 'bullying' and the American tradition, primarily identified through concepts such as emotional abuse and mistreatment. One focuses on the perpetrator, the other on the victim. In addition research in this field has also started in Australia and South Africa. All are brought together in this work, in a synthesis of research and analysis of practice in the field. In addition, this book aims to document the existence and consequences of the problem of bullying, to explore its causes and to investigate the effectiveness of approaches aimed at mitigating and managing the problem, as well as to offer suggestions for further progress in this important new field.
Feather boy
Charmed and dangerous : the rise of the Pretty Committee : the Clique prequel
Bullying and its prevention in early childhood education
Talk about bullying
Bully-victims : prevalence, psychosocial adjustment, and responsiviness to intervention
Pearl Power is a feisty five-year-old who believes very strongly in girl and boy equality. Her first adventure sees her moving house and changing school whilst remaining clever, strong and kind. Upon meeting one boy who seems to think that boys are better than girls, she teaches him a lesson in girl power, as well as in kindness.
The crystal run
Countering bullying : initiatives by schools and local authorities
The neverending story
Bullying : a practical guide to coping for schools
Rising above bullying : from despair to recovery
This perfect world
Who's afraid of the big bad bunny?
The bear who went boo!
Bullying : a parent's guide
Same- and other-sex victimization : risk factors, consequences, and protection by peers
The priest of evil
Is it because?
Crow girl returns
How to handle bullying and gangs
Bully : Be a hero. Take a stand
That's not funny!
Girls on fire
Cyberbullying : what councelors need to know
Managing workplace bullying : How to identify, respond to and manage bullying behavior in the workplace
Lessons learned using theory of mind methods to investigate user social awareness in virtual role-play
Freckleface Strawberry
Odd girl out : how to help your daughter navigate the world of friendships, bullying and cliques - in the classroom and online
Driftwood
Symptoms of being human
The bombs that brought us together
The knife that killed me
Sisters unlimited : the guide to life, love, bodies and being you
Dudes, the school is haunted!
Abstract: Video: Bullying in primary school.
Bullying
Autobiography of a face
Why school antibullying programs don't work
4F for freaks
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Bullying at school : what we know and what we can do
Nathalia Buttface and the most embarrassing dad in the world
Esmeralda and the children-next-door
Sealed with a diss : a clique novel
Please stop laughing at me : bone woman's inspirational story
Bullying behaviour in relation to psychiatric disorders, suicidality and criminal offences:a study of under-age adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Stop picking on me : a first look at bullying
Bullying in schools
Clay
Pearl power
Eleanor & Park
Nothing but trouble
Freaks ahoy!
Effectiveness of the KiVa antibullying program
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Burden of difference? : school welfare personnel's and parents' views on wellbeing of migrant children in Finland
Mine's bigger than yours!
A Finnish anti-bullying framework and its capability in a developing country
Muncle Trogg
Alice and the fly
Ellie's secret diary : [bullying]
Extreme mean : trolls, bullies and predators online
The bluest eye
Blue bottle mystery : an Asperger mystery
Victim without a face
You're not ugly, duckling!
A community approach to bullying
New perspectives on bullying
School mobbing and emotional abuse : see it, stop it, prevent it, with dignity and respect
The circle
Jay McGraw's life strategies for dealing with bullies
Stalking, harassment, and murder in the workplace : guidelines for protection and prevention
Bullying at school in Finland and Sweden : are they any effective legal remedies
Captain Underpants and the terrifying return of Tippy Tinkletrousers : the ninth epic novel
The Land of Decoration
Cold calls
No more teasing!
Angelina and Alice
Elmer and the big bird
All the rage
Lively Elizabeth!
The end of the world. Maybe
Bullying and emotional abuse in the workplace : international perspectives in research and practice
Boys over flowers. 1 = Hana yori dango. 1
