http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7106 military sociology
military sociology
Military sociology meets the gap between cultures
Military culture in imperial China
The derelicts of company k : a sociological study of demoralization
Between dreams and reality : the military examination in late Chosŏn Korea, 1600-1894
Military brass vs. civilian academics at the National War College : a clash of cultures
Unit cohesion : theoretical implications and practical recommendations
The Finnish Army during the war 1941-45 : some results of social research
Knut Pipping's forgotten study of a WW II infantry company and his results about soldiers' informal group norms
"From the preeminent Hitler biographer, a fascinating and original exploration of how the Third Reich was willing and able to fight to the bitter end of World War II. Countless books have been written about why Nazi Germany lost World War II, yet remarkably little attention has been paid to the equally vital question of how and why it was able to hold out as long as it did. The Third Reich did not surrender until Germany had been left in ruins and almost completely occupied. Even in the near-apocalyptic final months, when the war was plainly lost, the Nazis refused to sue for peace. Historically, this is extremely rare. Drawing on original testimony from ordinary Germans and arch-Nazis alike, award-winning historian Ian Kershaw explores this fascinating question in a gripping and focused narrative that begins with the failed bomb plot in July 1944 and ends with the German capitulation in May 1945. Hitler, desperate to avoid a repeat of the "disgraceful" German surrender in 1918, was of course critical to the Third Reich's fanatical determination, but his power was sustained only because those below him were unable, or unwilling, to challenge it. Even as the military situation grew increasingly hopeless, Wehrmacht generals fought on, their orders largely obeyed, and the regime continued its ruthless persecution of Jews, prisoners, and foreign workers. Beneath the hail of allied bombing, German society maintained some semblance of normalcy in the very last months of the war. The Berlin Philharmonic even performed on April 12, 1945, less than three weeks before Hitler's suicide. As Kershaw shows, the structure of Hitler's "charismatic rule" created a powerful negative bond between him and the Nazi leadership- they had no future without him, and so their fates were inextricably tied. Terror also helped the Third Reich maintain its grip on power as the regime began to wage war not only on its ideologically defined enemies but also on the German people themselves. Yet even as each month brought fresh horrors for civilians, popular support for the regime remained linked to a patriotic support of Germany and a terrible fear of the enemy closing in. Based on prodigious new research, Kershaw's The End is a harrowing yet enthralling portrait of the Third Reich in its last desperate gasps. "--
The science of unit cohesion : its characteristics and impacts
An intimate history of killing : face-to-face killing in twentieth century warfare
The soldier in our time : an essay
The science of military cohesion
Infantry company as a society
Oh, say, can you see? : the semiotics of the military in Hawai'i
Deadly quarrels : Lewis F. Richardson and the statistical study of war
Jackboot : the story of the German soldier
War and gender : how gender shapes the war system and vica versa
The warrior ethos : military culture and the War on Terror
The American enlisted man; : the rank and file in today's military
The role of the military in underdeveloped countries
Female soldiers - combatants or noncombatants? : historical and contemporary perspectives
Group cohesion and soldiers' behavior in a simulated combat situation : empirical results from two infantry platoons
The comparative study of conscription in the armed forces
Children, youth, and development
Command intent : international perspectives and challenges
Knut Pipping's "Infantry company as society" and aspects of some other military sociological studies of small military units
Group cohesion and behavior in a simulated combat situation : empirical results from two Infantry platoons
Armed forces, soldiers and civil-military relations : essays in honor of Jïrgen Kuhlmann
Sociology
Camp all-American, Hanoi Jane, and the high-and-tight : gender, folklore, and changing military culture
Beyond training alone: the role of cohesion maximizing group performance
General Conscription in an EU Country After 2008? : population's and conscripts' attitudes in Finland
War in social thought : Hobbes to the present
Some empirical research results on Finnish soldiers' behavior, group cohesion and informal norms : three military sociological articles
Children constitute a large part of the population of developing countries. Throughout the developing world, experiences of childhood are extremely diverse, both between places and between children in particular places, from the international level through to the different treatment of a boy and a girl within the same household. This informative book considers issues such as education, child labour, street children, child soldiers, refugees, child slaves, the impact of environmental change and hazards on children and the way that children, with the enthusiasm and energy to bring about change, can be enabled to participate in 'development'.
Military institutions and the sociology of war : a review of the literature with annotated bibliography
This article is a revised version of a paper for the Biennial Conference of the Inter-University Seminar on Armed Forces and Society, (IUS), Chicago, 23-25 October 2009..
South Atlantic conflict of 1982 : a case study of military cohesion
Armed services and society
The sociology of war and violence
Social sciences and the military : an interdisciplinary overview
Determinants of military adjustment and attrition during Finnish conscript service
The end : the defiance and destruction of Hitler's Germany, 1944-1945
The people, the army, the commander : a Soviet view
"War is a paradox. On the one hand, it destroys bodies and destroys communities. On the other hand, it is responsible for some of the strongest human bonds and has been the genesis of many of our most fundamental institutions. War and Society addresses these paradoxes while providing a sociological exploration of this enigmatic phenomenon which has played a central role in human history, wielded an incredible power over human lives, and commanded intellectual questioning for countless generations. The authors offer an analytical account of the origins of war, its historical development, and its consequences for individuals and societies, adopting a comparative approach throughout. It ends with an appraisal of the contemporary role of war, looking to the future of warfare and the fundamental changes in the nature of violent conflict which we are starting to witness. This short, readable and engaging book will be an ideal reading for upper-level students of political sociology, military sociology, and related subjects"--
Military and society in post-Soviet Russia
Import of Vertical Cohesion and the Linking Pin Function in the Military
The social history of the machine gun
Why Stalin's soldiers fought : the Red Army's military effectiveness in World War II
War & society
Perspectives in sociological research
Military migration and state formation : the British military community in seventeenth-century Sweden
Best army stories
Soldiers' lives through history / 2, The Middle Ages / Roger J. Clifford
Stalin's reluctant soldiers : a social history of the Red Army, 1925-1941
The military and politics in modern times : on professionals, praetorians, and revolutionary soldiers
The first thirty : summaries of the publications of the Research Unit for Contemporary Culture nos 1-30
Armed forces and international security : global trends and issues
The duality of tactical thought : a study of how Swedish land forces' commanders view tactics in irregular warfare
United we stand - divided we fall : a standard model of unit cohesion
"War is a highly complex and dynamic form of social conflict. This new book demonstrates the importance of using sociological tools to understand the changing character of war and organised violence. The author offers an original analysis of the historical and contemporary impact that coercion and warfare have on the transformation of social life, and vice versa. Although war and violence were decisive components in the formation of modernity most analyses tend to shy away from the sociological study of the gory origins of contemporary social life. In contrast, this book brings the study of organised violence to the fore by providing a wide-ranging sociological analysis that links classical and contemporary theories with specific historical and geographical contexts. Topics covered include violence before modernity, warfare in the modern age, nationalism and war, war propaganda, battlefield solidarity, war and social stratification, gender and organised violence, and the new wars debate"--
War and modernity
Visite aux armées : tourismes de guerre = Back to the front : tourisms of war
Republic of rock : music and citizenship in the sixties counterculture
The gendered social organisation of defence : two ethnographic case studies in the Finnish Defence Forces
The Military : more than just a job?
Gender and military sociology
American soldiers in Iraq : McSoldiers or innovative professionals
The soldier and social change : comparative studies in the history and sociology of the military
Civil-military relations : regional perspectives
Aircraft stories : decentering the object in technoscience
Military masculinities : identity and the state
Bring me men : military masculinity and the benign facade of American empire, 1898-2001
Airpower leadership : theory and practice
Handbook of the sociology of the military
Cohesion forgotten? : Redux 2011 - knowns and unknowns
Qualitative methods in military studies : research experiences and challenges
