http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7100 pilgrims
pilgrims
Pilgrims and pilgrimages as peacemakers in Christianity, Judaism and Islam
Being a pilgrim : art and ritual on the medieval routes to Santiago
The fall of Hyperion
Hyperion
Pilgrimage : the great adventure of the middle ages
Pilgrimage in islam and other religions
Summary in Estonian.
Russian travelers to Constantinople in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries
Christian tourism to the Holy Land : pilgrime during security crisis
Making pilgrimages : meaning and practice in Shikoku
The study of pilgrimage often centres itself around miracles and spontaneous populist activities. While some of these activities and stories may play an important role in the emergence of potential pilgrimage sites and in helping create wider interest in them, this book demonstrates that the dynamics of the marketplace, including marketing and promotional activities by priests and secular interest groups, create the very consumerist markets through which pilgrimages become established and successful – and through which the ‘sacred’ as a category can be sustained. By drawing on examples from several contexts, including Japan, India, China, Vietnam, Europe, and the Muslim world, author Ian Reader evaluates how pilgrimages may be invented, shaped, and promoted by various interest groups. In so doing he draws attention to the competitive nature of the pilgrimage market, revealing that there are rivalries, borrowed ideas, and alliances with commercial and civil agencies to promote pilgrimages. The importance of consumerism is demonstrated, both in terms of consumer goods/souvenirs and pilgrimage site selection, rather than the usual depictions of consumerism as tawdry disjunctions on the ‘sacred.’ As such this book reorients studies of pilgrimage by highlighting not just the pilgrims who so often dominate the literature, but also the various other interest groups and agencies without whom pilgrimage as a phenomenon would not exist.
International perspectives on pilgrimage studies : itineraries, gaps, and obstacles
The travels of Ibn Jubayr : being the chronicle of a mediaeval Spanish Moor concerning his journey to the Egypt of Saladin, the holy cities of Arabia, Baghdad the city of the caliphs, the Latin kingdom of Jerusalem, and the Norman kingdom of Sicily
Gender, nation and religion in European pilgrimage : old routes, new journeys
Abstract: Greedy murderers of Christ : images of the Jews in the Late Medieval pilgrimage accounts.
The Pilgrim continues his way
Pilgrimage and household in the ancient Near East
The Way of St James has been a pilgrimage event for over 1000 years as people have flocked to the site of the burial of the apostle St James the Great. Legend states that the body of James was carried by boat from Jerusalem to Santiago de Compostela in Spain, where a church was erected on the site of the tomb. There is no single route for the pilgrims to follow, but there are several key paths. Kathleen Ashley and Marilyn Deegan capture the experience of the medieval pilgrim through an examination of art, historical and social contexts as well as themes related to pilgrimage such as music, legend and ritual. The book is copiously illustrated with new photographs by Marilyn Deegan showcasing the visual legacy of the medieval pilgrimage experience in sculpture, painting and architecture. Interwoven in Kathleen Ashley's narrative text are original sources bringing to us the voice of these men and women who set out on what was then an epic journey.
Travel and Religion in Antiquity considers the importance of issues relating to travel for our understanding of religious and cultural life among Jews, Christians, and others in the ancient world, particularly during the Hellenistic and Roman eras. The volume is organized around five overlapping areas where religion and travel intersect: travel related to honouring deities, including travel to festivals, oracles, and healing sanctuaries; travel to communicate the efficacy of a god or the superiority of a way of life, including the diffusion of cults or movements; travel to explore and encounter foreign peoples or cultures, including descriptions of these cultures in ancient ethnographic materials; migration; and travel to engage in an occupation or vocation. With interdisciplinary contributions that cover a range of literary, epigraphic, and archeological materials, the volume sheds light on the importance of movement in connection with religious life among Greeks, Romans, Nabateans, and others, including Judeans and followers of Jesus.
A Christian Pilgrim in medieval Iraq : Riccoldo da Montecroce's encounter with Islam
Religion and tourism : crossroads, destinations, and encounters
Dissenting bodies : corporealities in early New England
The road to Santiago : walking the way of St James
Hajj : journey to the heart of Islam
Pilgrimage to Jerusalem and the Holy Land, 1187-1291
The holy land reborn : pilgrimage & the Tibetan reinvention of Buddhist India
Travel and religion in antiquity
Greedy murderers of Christ : images of the Jews in the Late Medieval pilgrim accounts
The book of Margery Kempe
"In this book, Joy McCorriston examines the continuity of traditions over millennia in the Near East. Tracing the phenomenon of pilgrimage in pre-Islamic Arabia up through the development of the Hajj, she defines its essential characteristics and emphasizes the critical role that pilgrimage plays in enabling and developing socioeconomic transactions. Indeed, the social identities constructed through pilgrimage are key to understanding the long-term endurance of the phenomenon. In the second part of the book, McCorriston turns to the household, using cases of ancient households in Mesopotamian societies, both in the private and public spheres. Her conclusions tie together broader theoretical implications generated by the study of the two phenomena and offer a new paradigm for archaeological study, which has traditionally focused on transitions to the exclusion of continuity of traditions"--Provided by publisher.
Pilgrimage : a spiritual and cultural journey
A season in Mecca : narrative of a pilgrimage
Islamic globalization : pilgrimage, capitalism, democracy, and diplomacy
Spiritual tourism : travel and religious practice in Western society
Despite the forces of secularization in Europe, old pilgrimage routes are attracting huge numbers of people and given new meanings in the process. In pilgrimage, religious or spiritual meanings are interwoven with social, cultural and politico-strategic concerns. This book explores three such concerns under intense debate in Europe: gender and sexual emancipation, (trans)national identities in the context of migration, and European unification and religious identifications in a changing religious landscape. The interdisciplinary contributions to this book explore a range of such controversies and issues including: Africans renewing family ties at Lourdes, Swedish women at midlife or young English men testing their strength on the Camino to Santiago de Compostela, New Age pilgrims and sexuality, Saints' festivals in Spain and Brittany, conservative Catholics challenging Europe's liberal policies on abortion, Polish migrants and French Algerians reconfiguring their transnational identity by transporting their familiar Madonna to their new home, new sacred spaces created such as the shrine of Our Lady of Santa Cruz, traditional Christian saints such as Mary Magdalene given new meanings as new age goddess, and foundation legends of shrines revived by new visionaries. Pilgrimage sites function as nodes in intersecting networks of religious discourses, geographical routes and political preoccupations, which become stages for playing out the boundaries between home and abroad, Muslims and Christians, pilgrimage and tourism, Europe and the world. This book shows how the old routes of Europe are offering inspirational opportunities for making new journeys.
Sacred geography of goddesses in South Asia : essays in memory of David Kinsley
By the river Piedra I sat down and wept
Crusading and pilgrimage in the Norman world
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
Intersecting journeys : the anthropology of pilgrimage and tourism
"In this book, Joy McCorriston examines the continuity of traditions over millennia in the Near East by focusing on the traditions of pilgrimage and household"--Provided by publisher.
Anne Fedele offers a comprehensive ethnography of alternative pilgrimages to French Catholic shrines dedicated to Saint Mary Magdalene. Drawing on more than three years of extensive fieldwork, she describes how pilgrims from Italy, Spain, Britain, and the United States interpret Catholic figures, symbols, and sites according to spiritual theories and practices derived from the transnational Neopagan movement. Fedele pays particular attention to the life stories of the pilgrims, the crafted rituals they perform, and the spiritual-esoteric literature they draw upon. She examines how they devise their rituals; why this kind of spirituality is increasingly prevalent in the West; and the influence of anthropological literature on the pilgrims. Among these pilgrims, spirituality is lived and negotiated in interaction with each other and with textual sources: Jungian psychology, Goddess mythology, and "indigenous" traditions merge into a corpus of theories and practices centered upon the worship of divinities such as the Goddess, Mother Earth, and the sacralization of the reproductive cycle. The pilgrims' rituals present a critique of the Roman Catholic Church and the medical establishment and have critical implications for contemporary discourses on gender. Looking for Mary Magdalene is an invaluable resource for anyone interested in ritual and pilgrimage.
Rag and bone : a journey among the world's holy dead
Islam & travel in the Middle Ages
Approaches to teaching Chaucer's Canterbury tales
Women and pilgrimage in medieval Galicia
Pilgrimages today : based on papers read at the symposium on pilgrimages today held at Åbo, Finland, on 19-21 August 2009
Sacred roads : adventures from the pilgrimage trail
This book analyses the events of a decade-long encounter between an Italian Dominican, Riccoldo da Montecroce (c. 1243-1320), and the Muslims of Baghdad, as recounted by the friar himself. While many of Riccoldo's views of the Muslims are consonant with those of his medieval confrères, George-Tvrtkovic examines the much more ambivalent sections of his writings, such as his praise-filled descriptions of Muslim praxis, his obvious love of Qur'anic Arabic, his frequent references to personal encounters with Muslims, and his candid descriptions of the wonder and doubt which these confrontations often elicited. George-Tvrtkovic argues that the tensions and inconsistencies inherent in Riccoldo's account of Islam should not be viewed as defects. Rather, she contends, their presence illustrates the complex nature of interreligious encounter itself. In addition to a critical discussion, this volume provides — for the first time — English translations of two remarkable Riccoldian texts: The Book of Pilgrimage (Liber peregrinationis) and Letters to the Church Triumphant (Epistolae ad ecclesiam triumphantem).
Sacred images and sacred power in Byzantium
Through the eyes of the beholder : the Holy Land, 1517-1713
Mothers, mystics and merrymakers : medieval women pilgrims
Global cases on hospitality industry
For many in the Middle Ages, pilgrimages were seen to represent a clear risk of moral and religious perdition for women, and they were strongly discouraged from making them; this exhortation would have been universally disseminated and generally followed, except, of course, in the case of the virtuous 'extraordinary women', such as saints and queens. Women and Pilgrimage in Medieval Galicia represents an analysis of the social history of women based on documentary sources and physical evidence, breaking away from literary and historiographical stereotypes, while at the same time contributing to a critical assessment of the myth that medieval women were kept hidden away from the world. As the chapters here show, women - and not only those 'extraordinary women', but also women from other social strata - became pilgrims and travelled the paths that led from their homes to the most important Christian shrines, especially - although not exclusively - Jerusalem, Rome and Santiago de Compostela. It can be seen that medieval women were actively involved in this ritualistic expression of devotion, piety, sacrifice or penitence. This situation is thoroughly documented in this multidisciplinary book, with emphasis both on the pilgrimages abroad from Galicia and on the pilgrimages to the shrine of St James at Compostela.
Looking for Mary Magdalene : alternative pilgrimage and ritual creativity at Catholic shrines in France
Letters from the East : crusaders, pilgrims and settlers in the 12th-13th centuries
Pilgrimage as a lifestyle : a contemporary Greek nunnery as a pilgrimage site
Drama, narrative and poetry in the Canterbury Tales
Chaucer and clothing : clerical and academic costume in the general prologue to the Canterbury tales
The powder of death
Greedy murderers of Christ : images of the Jews in the Late Medieval pilgrimage accounts
Muslim and Catholic pilgrimage practices : explorations through Java
Religious tourists : constructing authentic experiences in late modern Hungarian catholicism
Reflecting on religious tourism and pilgrimage
Sacred journey : the Ganges to the Himalayas
Travel, communication, and geography in late antiquity : sacred and profane
A new date for William of Aquitaine's "song of penance" (Song 11)
Pilgrim and preacher : the audiences and observant spirituality of friar Felix Fabri (1437/8-1502)
Pilgrimage in the Middle Ages : a reader
The book of Margery Kempe : the text from the unique ms. owned by Colonel W. Butler-Bowdon. Vol. 1
Religious tourism and pilgrimage festivals management : an international perspective
The Holy mountain : being the story of a pilgrimage to Lake Mānas and of initiation on Mount Kailās in Tibet
Pilgrim voices : narrative and authorship in Christian pilgrimage
The pilgrimage to Santiago de Compostela : a comprehensive, annotated bibliography
English wayfaring life in the Middle Ages
Sacred earth : places of peace and power
Pilgrimage in the marketplace
The race for God
Sustainable Tourism Management along the Camino de Santiago Pilgrimage Routes
Writing Lough Derg : from William Carleton to Seamus Heaney
Wandering monks, virgins, and pilgrims : ascetic travel in the Mediterranean world, A.D. 300-800
Usborne illustrated Canterbury tales
Walking home : a pilgrimage from humbled to healed
Wandering women and holy matrons : women as pilgrims in the later Middle Ages
The Canterbury tales : fifteen tales and the general prologue : authoritative text, sources and backgrounds, criticism
Guests of God : pilgrimage and politics in the Islamic world
Pilgrims and travellers in search of the holy
The collection examines the view of holiness in the Holy Land through the writings of pilgrims, travelers, and missionaries. The period extends from 1517, the Ottoman conquest of Syria and Palestine, to the Franco-British treaty of Utrecht in 1713 and the consolidation of European hegemony over the Mediterranean. The writers in the collection include Christians (Orthodox, Protestant, and Catholic), Muslims, and Jews, who originate from countries such as Sweden, England, France, Holland, Russia, the Ottoman Empire, and Syria. This book is the first to juxtapose writers of different backgrounds and languages, to emphasize the holiness of the land in a number of traditions, and to ask whether holiness was inherent in geography or a product of the piety of the writers
The pilgrims' way : fact and fiction of an ancient trackway
Pilgrimages and spiritual quests in Japan
New pathways in pilgrimage studies : global perspectives
