http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7104 public sector
public sector
Organization theory and the public sector : instrument, culture and myth
Rewards for motivating employees : comparative cases: Vantaa City Authority and Hertfordshire County Authority
A comparative study on challenges in the psychosocial work environment of Finnish and foreign-born general practitioners
How to overcome barriers for innovations in organizations from the public sector : Local governments for the future
Fiscal Policy Under a Currency Board Arrangement: Bulgaria`s Post-crisis Policy Dilemmas
Pay reform in the public service : initial impact on pay dispersion in Australia, Sweden and the United Kingdom
Public value : theory and practice
The incentive structure of public budgets for public institutions
Getting results through collaboration : networks and network structures for public policy and management
Privatisation and human rights in the age of globalisation
The European group for public administration (1975-2010) : perspectives for the future = Le groupe européen pour l'administration (1975-2010 ) : perspectives pour le futur
The politics of quality in the public sector : the management of change
Public administration and public management : the principal-agent perspective
Revamping the Cook Islands public sector
The new public manager in Finland : context, competencies and development
Sport management : principles and applications
Public sector employment in a time of transition
Nationalized industry and public ownership
Formation of non-profit cross-sector collaboration
Project organisations and governance : processes, actors, actions, and participatory procedures
The Routledge companion to nonprofit marketing
People, international projects and public administration : interpreting the international human resource management frame
Ethnic structure, inequality and governance in the public sector : Malaysian experiences
Executive summary (s. 13-15).
Ethics codes in national administrations : a comparison of eight European countries
Privatisation of public undertakings and activities : recommendation no. R (93) 7 adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 18 October 1993 and explanatory memorandum
Criteria for choosing a business accounting model in the Finnish public sector
Reformative Finland : research and innovation policy review 2015-2020
Privatisation and regulation : a review of the issues
Managing risks in public organisations
Marketing the public sector : promoting the causes of public and nonprofit agencies
Implementation of quality cost management tool in dyadic purchaser-provider relationship context
Implementing interactive multiple criteria decision methods in public policy
Global trends in public sector reform
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
From governing to governance : a process of change
Ethnic structure, inequality and governance of the public sector in Nigeria
Direct job creation in the public sector : evaluation of national experience in Canada, Denmark, Norway, United Kingdom, United States
The basket-peg system in excange rate policy : some implications and applications
Purposes and performance outcomes of BSC use : evidence from Turku School of Economics
Privatization : the UK experience and international trends
The public finances : an introductory textbook
Public Sector Energy Conservation Programme : summary
Starting out in a public sector career
Public sector accounting and financial control
Ministerial symposium on the future of public services : Paris, March 1996
Public sector reform : rationale, trends and problems
Philips Healthcare:  The purchasing process and decision-making choice criteria in  public healthcare
Beyond pragmatism : appraising UN-business partnerships
Financial management theory in the public sector
Performance management in government : performance measurement and results-oriented management
Monitoring performance in the public sector : future directions from international experience
Enhancing the image of the public sector through marketing communication : Birmingham City Council, UK
The welfare state as employer
Total quality management in the public sector : an international perspective
Governance in transition : public management reforms in OECD countries : conclusions of the Public Management Committee = La gestion publique en mutation : les réformes dans les pays de l'OECD : conclusions du Comite de la Gestion Publique
Quality management in social welfare and health care for the 21st century : national recommendation
Adapting Net Promoter thinking in public sector organizations
Leadership Styles and Traits in the Public Sector : Study in Vaasa Central Hospital
The Danish public sector: who works for the government and what do they do?
Public sector management : India & Britain
General government deficit and debt
Construction of an institutionally aware process-oriented performance measurement system : a case study of a Finnish local government
Why is the public sector more labor-intensive? : a distortionary tax argument
Management accounting change in public health care
Managing and measuring performance in public and nonprofit organizations : an integrated approach
Public-private sector pay gaps and centralized wage setting : aggregate and industry data evidence
Economics of wage differentials and public sector labour markets
Governance in transition : public management reforms in OECD countries : conclusions of the Public Management Committee
Now available in a fully revised and updated fourth edition, Sport Management: Principles and Applications introduces the sport industry and examines the role of the state, non-profit and professional sectors in sport. It focuses on core management principles and their application in a sporting context, highlighting the unique challenges faced in a career in sport management. Written in an engaging and accessible style, each chapter has a clear structure designed to make key information and concepts simple to find and to utilize. Chapters contain a conceptual overview, references, further reading, links to important websites, study questions and up-to-date case studies from around the world to show how theory works in the real world, and a companion website offers additional activities for students and guidance notes and slides for instructors. The book covers every core functional area of management, including: * strategic planning * organizational culture * organizational structures * human resource management * leadership * governance * financial management * marketing * performance management. This fourth edition also includes expanded coverage of sport media, change management and other contemporary management issues, providing a comprehensive introduction to the practical application of management principles within sport organizations. It is ideal for first and second year students on sport management related courses, as well as those studying business-focused or human movement courses seeking an overview of applied sport management principles.
Is there a Laffer curve between aggregate output and public sector employment?
Are government expenditures productive? : measuring the effect on private sector production
African public sector economics : proceedings of a seminar/held in the Centre of African Studies, University of Edinburgh, 27th and 28th November 1970.
The objective of the thesis was to understand how municipalities recognise tourism and how municipalities are involved in tourism and its development. Furthermore, the thesis was aiming to clarify how the co-operation is executed with the private sector. The role of the municipality has changed due to the establishments of regional organisation which are marketing organisation of certain area in tourism. The thesis was not only covering municipalities' involvement, but also discussed the role and tasks of the regional organisation in tourism.    The theoretical framework consisted of the public sector involvement in tourism at local level. Theory was divided in alternative topics. The traditional responsibilities of local authorities and the traditional responsibilities of the local destination management organisations were described in order to clarify the difference between local authorities and organisations concentrating on marketing and tourism development. Theoretical part also introduced reasons for modifying public sector involvement in tourism at local level.     The empirical part was conducted by using the quantitative research method.  The data collection method was the semi-structured interview and themes for the interviews were formed in advance. The material was analysed to paraphrase the data-based analyse method. Interviewees were two tourism directors from municipalities and two tourism representatives from regional organisations. They were chosen for interviewees, because of their knowledge of tourism and issues related to tourism which was necessary for this research.     The results showed that tourism is recognised in municipalities and developments regarding services provided to tourist has been made or will be made. The involvement of the municipality was indirect in certain matters when regional organisation was operating in the area. Directly the municipality was participating through matters regarding infrastructure and transport system development at local level. The municipality did not necessary be responsible of tourism development projects, because these were often coordinated by other actors. However, the municipality was involved by funding projects and the tourist office was often participating in projects. Marketing was a major issue in tourism at local and regional level and the co-operation was necessary between the public sector and private sector in order to make efficient marketing which attracts potential tourists. Particularly the co-operation was essential, because of the limited resources to use in marketing at both sectors.
Public-private sector pay gaps over the business cycle
Branding in governance and public management
Public sector communication : how organizations manage information
From problems to critical success factors of enterprise architecture adoption
Governmental and nonprofit accounting : theory and practice
Pay determination in the public sector : an international comparison between France, Great Britain and Italy
Management accounting change in the public health care sector : Case study: The factors and characteristics of change in the Turku University Hospital
Executive summary (s. 7-9).
Uncovering the dimensions of the common good : problems of measurement of the size of the public sector
Quality, innovation and measurement in the public sector
Governance and the public sector
Quality controlling in the Finnish Municipalities
Five essays on public sector labour markets
New forms of service-production : fashion or a necessity?
Strengthening communities : a guide to capacity building for communities and the public sector
A strategic information system in the public sector : a major opportunity with several small ordinary barriers
New public sector marketing
Efficiency, accountability and implementation : public sector reform in East and Southern Africa
The role of public export promotion in Finland : industry view of public export promotion in Southwest Finland
Public economy employees
Performance management of the university education process
Public management
Public sector environmental protection expenditure
The complete guide to public employment
Essays on stochastic fiscal policy, public debt and private consumption
Marketing Communications in Public Administration : Case: Municipal IT Unit
Analysis for public decisions
Studies on the productivity of public capital
Social corporatism and the size of the public sector
Public sector executives : managers or politicians?
Wage determination in the public sector : a France/Italy comparison
Public sector involvement in tourism in some Finnish towns : Helsinki, Lahti, Porvoo and Turku
Crisis preparedness through co-operation between municipalities and non-governmental organizations
Lessons in leadership : meeting the challenges of public services management
Accounting for what? : the value of accrual accounting to the public sector
Performance pay schemes for public sector managers : an evaluation of the impacts
Organisation and management in the public sector
Policy development in the public sector : an experiment
Aid, debt burden and government fiscal behaviour : a new model applied to Côte d'Ivoire
Managing performance in the public sector
Marketing in the public sector : a roadmap for improved performance
Responsiveness in the swedish public service
How to manage in the public sector
Executive summary (s. 7).
Abstract (1 s.). Summary and conclusions (s. 23-25).
The information steering in government : information resource management by administration in welfare sector
Public personnel management : contexts and strategies
Public enterprise in practice : the British experience of nationalization over two decades
Public sector restructuring : the institutional and social effects of fiscal, managerial and capacity-building reforms
Repatriation adjustment among foreign assignees at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland - Implications for repatriation training
Abstract (1 s.).
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Public sector accounting
The public school advantage : why public schools outperform private schools
Management accounting in the public sector
Service Design in the Public Sector: Role, Challenge and Good Practice
Vocabularies of change
Issues in public sector accounting
