http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p710 materials (matter)
materials (matter)
Dilute nitride multijunction solar cells grown by molecular beam epitaxy
Low-ethanol silica sols for cell encapsulation
Materials and the environment : eco-informed material choice
Plasma-surface interactions and processing of materials : proceedings of the NATO Advanced Study Institute on Plasma-Surface Interactions and Processing of Materials, Alcante, Spain September 4-16, 1988
Roll-to-roll atomic layer deposition process for flexible electronics applications
Gems made by man
The interior design bible
Diamond-like carbon binding peptides - evolutionary selection, characterization, and engineering
Combined electrical transport and Raman measurements of individual single-walled carbon nanotubes
Urban eco chic : how to create an eco-friendly home without compromising on style
Simple jewelry : handcrafted designs and easy techniques
Constrained deformation of materials : devices, heterogeneous structures and thermo-mechanical modeling
Ion beam and annealing induced effects in solid materials detected by nuclear methods
Springer handbook of nanotechnology
Nanofabrication handbook
English as a lingua franca : a material package for an optional course in the Finnish comprehensive school
Organic coatings : properties and evaluation
On a journey towards a writing habit : a material package for upper secondary school
Electron Microscopy 1994 : proceedings of the 13th International Congress on Electron Microscopy, held in Paris (France)-17-22 July 1994 : actes du 13ème Congrès international de microscopie electronique, tenu à Paris (France)-17-22 juillet 1994. Vol. 2B, Applications in materials sciences
Mummy & me craft : make and learn together
What every engineer should know about ceramics
Basic watercolour : how to paint what you see
Ceramic powder processing. Orlando, Florida 31.10.-4.11. 1987 : matkaraportti
Linden's handbook of batteries
Abstract.
Measurements on electric breakdown in dielectric barriers between carbon nanotubes and electrodes
Brush up your grammar : a teaching material package for a prepatory course of English
Soft circuits : crafting E-fashion with DIY electronics
The fracture of brittle materials : testing and analysis
Biomimicry as a design reference : the sustainable potentiality of textile design mimicking nature’s ways
Advanced energy materials
Second skin
Modification of commercial poly-lactide for extrusion coated food packaging applications
The incredible payback : innovative sourcing solutions that deliver extraordinary results
Structures under crash and impact : continuum mechanics, discretization and experimental characterization
Comprehensive Materials Processing : 13 volume set
Introduction to phase equilibria in ceramics
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Theory and practice of infrared technology for nondestructive testing
New coating options for protection of circulation coins
Materials for Interior Environments
A study on life cycle assessment of dental prosthesis
The eco living handbook : a complete green guide for your home and life
Super-cute felt animals : 35 delightfully dainty projects to stitch
Materials for the engineering technician
GERMAN TEXTILE RECYCLING BENCHMARKING  Case I: CO
Video programmes as learning tools : teaching the gas laws and behaviour of gases in Finnish and Canadian senior high schools
Characterization of second-level lead-free BGA interconnections in thermomechanically loaded LTCC/PWB assemblies
The educational potential of e-portfolios : supporting personal development and reflective learning
Cây tre = bamboo
Ceramics with mixed media
Manuscripts inks : being a personal exploration of the materials and modes of production / by Jack C. Thompson ; with an appendix on ink sticks by Claes G. Lindblad
Details : How to design with architectural salvage and antiques
Fabrication of advanced LTCC structures for microwave devices
Oil lubricated and water lubricated pin-on-disc wear tests with engineering ceramics
Non-destructive testing : principles and limitations
Coloured pencil drawing techniques : 22 coloured pencil projects, illustrated step-by-step with advice on materials and techniques
Selecting materials for sea water systems
Nano-architectured and nanostructured materials : fabrication, control and properties
Phase stability of TZP-ceramics in various conditions
The complete guide to painting and drawing
Mechanics of composite materials
Use of granulated blast-furnace slag in pavement structures
Construction materials manual
Creation and maintenance of material replacement chain
Glazes from natural sources : a working handbook for potters
Carrying Solutions for Mobile Devices : Concept Design
Electron Microscopy 1994 : proceedings of the 13th International Congress on Electron Microscopy, held in Paris (France)-17-22 July 1994 : actes du 13ème Congrès international de microscopie electronique, tenu à Paris (France)-17-22 juillet 1994. Vol. 2A, Applications in materials sciences
The style sourcebook
Taunton's complete illustrated guide to woodworking
Cellulose-based materials
Magnetism and magnetic materials
Purchasing and supply management capabilities in finnish medium-sized enterprises
Kitchen - a fascinating classroom : home economics as contextualized content for CLIL class, a material package
Why do ice cubes float?
Ceramic fibers and coatings : advanced materials for the twenty-first century
While many books are dedicated to individual aspects of nanofabrication, there is no single source that defines and explains the total vision of the field. Filling this gap, Nanofabrication Handbook presents a unique collection of new and the most important established approaches to nanofabrication. Contributors from leading research facilities and academic institutions around the world define subfields, offer practical instructions and examples, and pave the way for future research. Helping readers to select the proper fabricating technique for their experiments, the book provides a broad vision of the most critical problems and explains how to solve them. It includes basic definitions and introduces the main underlying concepts of nanofabrication. The book also discusses the major advantages and disadvantages of each approach and offers a wide variety of examples of cutting-edge applications. Each chapter focuses on a particular method or aspect of study. For every method, the contributors describe the underlying theoretical basis, resolution, patterns and substrates used, and applications. They show how applications at the nanoscale require a different process and understanding than those at the microscale. For each experiment, they elucidate key solutions to problems relating to materials, methods, and surface considerations. A complete resource for this rapidly emerging interdisciplinary field, this handbook provides practical information for planning the experiments of any project that employs nanofabrication techniques. It gives readers a foundation to enter the complex world of nanofabrication and inspires the scientific community at large to push the limits of nanometer resolution.
Fracture mechanics : integration of mechanics, materials science, and chemistry
Science and nature : materials
Finland State of Logistics 2012
Designing dynamic textile patterns
Mechanics of materials for dummies
Purchasing Functions Analysis and Development
Improvement of indirect materials' purchasing centralization within business process service engagement : case: Company X
Introduction to structured query language version 4.66
IT solutions for supply chain integration
3D art lab for kids : 32 hands-on adventures in sculpture and mixed media
Phillips' science of dental materials
Living materials : a sculptor's handbook
Graffiti cookbook
Basic German : a grammar and workbook
Multiscale analysis of deformation and failure of materials
The science and engineering of materials. Solutions manual
Physical properties of synthetic bedding materials for free-stall dairy cow
ConceptCar-project: Experimental Polypropylene-Biofiber Composite Components
Indibuu  : traditional Craft and Cultural Design
"An Essential Guide to Electronic Material Surfaces and Interfaces is a streamlined yet comprehensive introduction that covers the basic physical properties of electronic materials, the experimental techniques used to measure them, and the theoretical methods used to understand, predict, and design them. Starting with the fundamental electronic properties of semiconductors and electrical measurements of semiconductor interfaces, this text introduces students to the importance of characterizing and controlling macroscopic electrical properties by atomic-scale techniques. The chapters that follow present the full range of surface and interface techniques now being used to characterize electronic, optical, chemical, and structural properties of electronic materials, including semiconductors, insulators, nanostructures, and organics. The essential physics and chemistry underlying each technique is described in sufficient depth for students to master the fundamental principles, with numerous examples to illustrate the strengths and limitations for specific applications. As well as references to the most authoritative sources for broader discussions, the text includes internet links to additional examples, mathematical derivations, tables, and literature references for the advanced student, as well as professionals in these fields. This textbook fills a gap in the existing literature for an entry-level course that provides the physical properties, experimental techniques, and theoretical methods essential for students and professionals to understand and participate in solid-state electronics, physics, and materials science research"--
Highly porous freeze-dried composite scaffolds for cartilage and osteochondral tissue engineering
Creating a procurement strategy for an importing company
Do it yourself : a material package for encouraging self-direction in upper secondary school language learning
Handbook of self assembled semiconductor nanostructures for novel devices in photonics and electronics
Promoting natural material know-how in Southern Finland and Estonia : evaluating project ProNatMat
Construction materials : their nature and behaviour
An English language club on global education for 6th graders : a teacher's handbook
A review of the analytical and numerical modeling of composites
Demanding applications : DEMAPP : final report 3/2014
Polymer science and engineering : the shifting research frontiers
The wood handbook for craftsmen
Transmission electron microscopy of materials
Outdoor paint effects
Intelligent grammar : a task-based grammar revision package for Grade 9
Optical metamaterials : Fundamentals and Applications
Concise encyclopedia of composite materials
Practical metallurgy and materials of industry
Where do these rails go? : drama in education in practising fluency for upper secondary school English students
The bike deconstructed : a grand tour of the road bicycle
On the calculation of dimensions as depending on the ultimate working strength of materials
A natural guide to bringing up your baby : the kind way for you and your baby (newborn to 3 years)
Applications of biopolymer doped polypyrroles in biomedical implants and electrical stimulation devices
Exploiting children's literature in EFL teaching from the different learners' point of view : a differentiated teaching material package for fourth graders
Finnish Asphalt Specifications 2000
Colloquial Italian : the complete course for beginners
Basic photographic materials and processes
"Supply Chain Strategy" is today's most comprehensive resource for up-to-the-minute thinking and practices on developing supply chain strategies that support a company's overall objectives.Covering world-class practices and systems, taken from the files of Coca-Cola, Wal-Mart, General Electric, and other companies, it covers essential supply chain subjects including: logistics data mining - for identifying the root cause of material and information flow problems, pinpointing opportunities for process improvements, and providing an objective basis for project-team decision making; and, inventory planning and management - presenting metrics, processes, and systems for forecasting, demand planning, and inventory control, yielding lower inventory levels and improved customer service. It also covers: logistics information systems and Web-based logistics - helping to substitute information for inventory and work content; transportation and distribution - for connecting sourcing locations with customers at the lowest cost by, among other things, leveraging private and third-party transportation systems; and, logistics organization development - including the seven disciplines that link enterprises across the supply chain, as well as logistics activities within those enterprises.
Formability of paper and its improvement
Learning objects in education : making videos as an international co-operation
Take a shower! : a teacher's handbook for language showering in English
Environmental aspects related to nanomaterials
Ivory and related materials : an illustrated guide / by Olga Krzyszowska
Novel materials for future aircrafts
Developing synthetic biology tools and model chassis : production of bioenergy and high-value molecules
Natural style for the home : inspirational and practical decorating projects for the home
Impurity decoration of native vacancies in Ga and N sublattices of gallium nitride
Finland State of Logistics 2009
Handbook of modern ferromagnetic materials
Polymeric and hybrid materials : polymers on particle surfaces and air-water interfaces
Finite element modeling for materials engineers using MATLAB
Novel materials for car industry
Dematerialization : the potential of ICT and services
Up-scaling plan for TiO2 coating process
Concise encyclopedia of materials economics, policy & management
Mechanics of materials
The self-assembled nanostructured materials described in this book offer a number of advantages over conventional material technologies in a wide range of sectors. World leaders in the field of self-organisation of nanostructures review the current status of research and development in the field, and give an account of the formation, properties, and self-organisation of semiconductor nanostructures. Chapters on structural, electronic and optical properties, and devices based on self-organised nanostructures are also included. Future research work on self-assembled nanostructures will connect diverse areas of material science, physics, chemistry, electronics and optoelectronics. This book will provide an excellent starting point for workers entering the field and a useful reference to the nanostructured materials research community. It will be useful to any scientist who is involved in nanotechnology and those wishing to gain a view of what is possible with modern fabrication technology. Mohamed Henini is a Professor of Applied Physics at the University of Nottingham. He has authored and co-authored over 750 papers in international journals and conference proceedings and is the founder of two international conferences. He is the Editor-in-Chief of Microelectronics Journal and has edited three previous Elsevier books. Key Features: - Contributors are world leaders in the field - Brings together all the factors which are essential in self-organisation of quantum nanostructures - Reviews the current status of research and development in self-organised nanostructured materials - Provides a ready source of information on a wide range of topics - Useful to any scientist who is involved in nanotechnology - Excellent starting point for workers entering the field - Serves as an excellent reference manual.
Distribution channels : understanding and managing channels to market
Artist's manual : the complete guide to painting & drawing materials and their use
Applied material research at VTT
High sensitivity moiré : experimental analysis for mechanics and materials
Calligraphy techniques : an essential beginner's guide to classic alphabets, with over 40 projects and 400 photographs and artworks
Basketwork
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
Paperness : expressive material in textile art from an artist's viewpoint
The little black book of style
Engineering materials. 2, An introduction to microstructures, processing and design
The materials and methods of sculpture
The discovery of glass : expreriments in the smelting of rich, dry silver ores, and the reproduction of bronze age-type, cobalt blue glass as a slag / John E. Dayton ; with an introdutction by C. C. Lamberg-Karlovsky
Start talking! : a communicative material package for the upper secondary school oral English course
Materials in design and technology
Functionalisation of spruce O-acetyl-galactoglucomannans for barrier and composite applications
The matter of art : materials, practices, cultural logics, c. 1250-1750
Abstract (s. 238).
Graphic techniques : for designers and illustrators
Have a break, move and learn better : a material package for introducing more kinaesthetic exercises into upper secondary school English classes
Nanofabrication and adsorption studies of organic molecules on metal and metal alloy surfaces as templates for biofunctional applications
Innovations in Materials Manufacturing, Fabrication, and Environmental Safety
The next efficiency revolution : creating a sustainable materials economy
Materials, form and architecture
Materials interactions relevant to the pulp, paper, and wood industries : symposium held April 18-20, 1990, San Francisco, California, U. S. A. / editors: D. F. Caulfield, J. D. Passaretti, S. F. Sobczynski
Profit-focused supplier management : how to identify risks and recognize opportunities
Modifications of surface materials and their effects on cleanability as studied by radiochemical methods
Pictures of ivory and other animal teeth bone and antler : with a brief commentary on their use in identification / by T.K. Penniman ; edited by T.K. Penniman and B.M. Blackwood
Surface & finish : a directory of materials for interiors
Dynamics of smart structures
Ceramic Materials '88 : matkaraportti
Build a new life : by creating your dream home
The complete guide to sculpture, modelling and ceramics : techniques and materials
Engineering materials : properties and selection
Statics and mechanics of materials
Electrical steels for rotating machines
The hair and make-up artist's handbook : a complete guide for professional qualifications
The artist's handbook of materials and techniques
Engineering materials technology : structures, processing, properties and selection
Oxidation and porcelain veneering of Ti and Pd alloys
Materials : engineering, science, processing and design
Cycling science : how rider and machine work together
Plastic materials in installation products : feasibility study
Anglo-Finnish joint symposium on advances in nondestructive testing, Espoo, 9-11 May, 1988
From material flows to cash flows : an extension to traditional material flow modelling
Supply chain strategy : the logistics of supply chain management
Interactive open educational resources : a guide to finding, choosing and using what's out there to transform college teaching
Light and Efficient Solutions - light : final report 4/2014 : 2009-2014
I don't have a favourite colour : creating the Vitra colour & material library
Self healing materials : an alternative approach to 20 centuries of materials science
Induction Furnace Lining and Industrial Vibrator Design : Compaction of Dry Refractory Material Using Pneumatic Vibrator
Materials selection and design
Making creative baskets : alternative materials, simple techniques
GRAPHIC TOOLS & TECHNIQUES
Literacy in language teaching : a task-based material package for the 6th grade
Abstract: Carrying Solutions for Mobile Devices – Concept Design. With Golla Oy Ltd. as a client, the aim of this work was to create design concepts based on intelligent materials with respect to creating solutions for mobile devices, especially phones. Intelligent or smart materials have found their way to several areas of life, but not yet to bags and covers that protect portable electronics. The technological gap between the devices and their carrying solutions is vast. New ideas are needed to bring them closer together and somehow make them interact.  A competitor review was made in order to find out to what extent Golla's competitors are using smart materials and technologies today. Literary research and summary on smart materials were conducted, and the materials found acted as an inspiration for creating concept ideas, in other words the essence of this thesis. The most prominent ideas are presented in this work. 3D modeling was used to visualize two concept ideas. No further product design was made as the work was agreed to be made on concept level only.  About a dozen concept ideas were visualized and presented to the client. The concepts will help Golla in evaluating their product strategy and creating alternative development scenarios for the future. The competitor and material review will help Golla in positioning itself in the market. Furthermore, it will further provide information and ideas on intelligent materials that could have a potential to increase Golla's competitiveness.  With a relatively small investment, some working prototypes could be developed for demonstrating intelligent materials' potential for the customers during marketing events. This could help Golla add its brand value and profile itself as a pioneer of functional mobile bags and a visionaire of future products.
Global sourcing of ready-to-wear garments : a case study: Vietnam as sourcing market for Naisten Pukutehdas Oy
The simple home : decorating with white, cream & natural materials
Promoting natural materials
Techno textiles 2
Bold strokes : dynamic brushwork for oils and acrylics
Materials science and engineering : an introduction
Studies on tailoring of thermomechanical properties of composites
Supply chain management best practices
Finnish Asphalt Specifications 1995
Concise encyclopedia of the chemical properties of materials
Ceramic ecology, 1988 : current research on ceramic materials
The study of marble and other stones used in antiquity : Asmosia III Athens : transactions of the 3rd International Symposium of the Association for the Study of Marble and Other Stones used in Antiquity / edited by Yannis Maniatis ... [et al.]
Engineering materials : an introduction to their properties and applications
Drinking water quality and network materials in Finland : summary report
Steelplant refractories : testing, research and development
Painting light : the hidden techniques of the impressionists
A green guide to bringing up your baby : the kind way for you, your baby (0-3) and the environment
Colour painting : using the full palette
Soap carving for children of all ages
Sew electric : a collection of DIY projects that combine fabric, electronics, and programming
Materials : architecture in detail
Tribology of ceramics and composites : a materials science perspective
Ultra light - super strong : neue Werkstoffe für Gestalter = Ultra light - super strong : a new generation of design materials
Preparation and characterization of potato starch films plasticized with polyols
CLIL teachers as materials designers
Managing the supply chain : the definitive guide for the business professional
Utilization of recycled mineral wool as filler in wood plastic composites
CRC materials science and engineering handbook
Smart building systems for architects, owners, and builders
THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO AIRBRUSHING TECHNIQUES AND MATERIALS
Material matters : architecture and material practice
Materials handbook : an encyclopedia for managers, technical professionals, purchasing and production managers, technicians, supervisors, and foremen
Mechanical engineers handbook. Vol. 1, Materials and mechanical design
The sourcing solution : a step-by-step guide to creating a successful purchasing program
An essential guide to electronic material surfaces and interfaces
Basic electromagnetism and materials
Materials of engineering : a treatise on non-metallic materials of engineering
Identification guide for ivory and ivory substitutes / Edgard O. Espinoza, Mary-Jacque Mann ; with an introduction by Kenneth W. Goddard
Book alone is not enough : enriching printed learning material with  digital mobile technology
Reducing 1/f noise in Al-AlOx-Al tunnel junctions by thermal annealing
