http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7113 jade
jade
China 5000 years : innovation and transformation in the arts : [Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, February 6 - June 3, 1998 : Guggenheim MuseumBilbao, summer 1998] / selected by Sherman Lee ; Howard Rogers, general editor
Jade : a study in Chinese archæology and religion
The Iron Butterfly : memoir of a martial arts master : the true story of a mermaid's daughter
Silk and stone : the art of Asia
Star wars legends epic collection. The new republic. Volume 1
Interiors by yoo
Chinese jade : from the neolithic to the Qing
The art of East Asian
China and Japan
Enduring art of jade age China : Chinese jades of late Neolithic through Han periods
Mancheng Han mu : cream of cultural relics of Hebei Province = Han tombs in Mancheng county
Gugong suocang Hendusitan yuqi tezhan tulu = Catalogue of a special exhibition of Hindustan jade in the National Palace Museum
The arts of Asia : materials, techniques, styles
Hebei Sheng bo wu guan wen wu jing pin ji = Treasures from Hebei Provincial Museum
Fourth Moments and Independent Component Analysis
Chinese art treasures on display : later jades and ceramics at the Worcester Art Museum / Louise Virgin ; with assistance from Susannah Baker
Jade : a traditional chinese symbol of nobility of character
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 3
The art of East Asia
3000 years of chinese jade
Scientific research of the sculptural arts of Asia : proceedings of the Third Forbes Symposium at the Freer Gallery of Art
Greenstone trails : the Maori search for Pounamu
Raman spectroscopy in archaeology and art history
The World of Jade : great masterpieces of Chinese art
China before the Han dynasty
Chinese art. Volume one
Choon-Ok Harmon was born soon after the Korean War, when South Korea was experiencing extreme poverty. This memoir describes the hardships she tried to overcome to achieve a better life. She moves to the U.S. and, through patience and perseverance, pursues her dream of becoming a martial artist. Harmon is now the highest ranking woman in the Korean martial art system of Kuk Sool Won.
Treasures from Shanghai : ancient Chinese bronzes and jades : [the British Museum, London, 30 January - 27 March 2009] / edited by Jessica Rawson
Masterworks of Chinese Jade in the National Palace Museum
The Shah Jahan cup
Sokrovishtsha Shanhaiskogo muzeja = Treasures from the Shanghai Museum : [State Hermitage Museum, St. Petersburg, 2007]
Treasures : 300 best excavated antiques from China
The fabulous Chinese arts
Treasures of China
The long sword and scabbard slide in Asia
Jade in British Columbia and Alaska, and its use by the natives
You don't play with the ugly ones : questions of corporality, sexuality and power in recent Finnish books for girls
Chinese art : bronzes, jade, sculpture, ceramics
Gems, crystals & minerals : a comprehensive illustrated guide to the history, lore and properties of these natural formations
Islamic art in detail
Jade flowers and floral patterns in Chinese decorative art
Justice league of America : The Rise of Eclipso
The story of jade
When the Empire falls, a New Republic rises! After the events of Return of the the Jedi, Emperor Palpatine is dead--but can his faithful Hand, Mara Jade, complete her final mission of revenge? Replica droid assassin Guri has also lost her master...but as she struggles for humanity, her android brain makes her a target! When rivals clash over the late Jabba the Hutt's criminal empire, the Bloated one makes a surprising appearance! And a mysterious doppelganger is asking for trouble impersonating everyone's favorite bounty hunter--it's Boba Fett vs. Boba Fett!
Chinese art. Volume 1
Jade collection in the Salar Jung Museum
The Sanxingdui Site : mystical mask on ancient Shu Kingdom
Chinese Jades from the Collection of the Seattle Art Musem : by James C. Y. Watt
An Observation Framework for Multi-Agent Systems
