http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7116 home economics (curriculum subjects)
home economics (curriculum subjects)
The changing image of home economics : some ideas for the development of home economics education in schools and universities
Finland's financial system is, by structure, vulnerable to risks associated with lending for house purchase. Housing loan volumes are large relative to other lending by banks and requirements on banks' own funds. The fact that household debt levels have increased and that housing wealth constitutes a large proportion of household assets also increases the vulnerabilities. In addition, covered bonds secured by housing loans play a significant role in bank funding and investment. However, the increase in vulnerabilities has largely levelled off in the 2010s..
Personal report concerning the study programmes at Latvia University of Agriculture (LLU)
A new paradigm for the curriculum and educational strategy for home economics education in the changing world : Proceedings of Post-2004 IFHE Congress Workshop in Kanazawa
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Future families and homes : how to serve their needs in a changing world?
It futures : current forecasting literature says about the social impact of information technology
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Water consumption and limitations for effective operations in the Leningrad region water sector : comparing findings from Finland, Latvia, Lithuania and Russia
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
Home economics and feminism
Developing curriculum - unifying the programme of home economics with the first year courses of the vocational qualification in home economics and consumer services 2001-2002 : Tampere institute of home economics
Essays on household time allocation decisions in a collective household model
Techno-economic pre-feasibility study of wind and solar electricity generating systems for households in Central Finland
Home and work : housework, wages, and the ideology of labor in the early republic
Space, text and gender : an anthropological study of the Marakwet of Kenya
Alternative modes of inquiry in home economics research
Learning disabilities faced by mild mentally retarded students in home economics at trades training institutes in Zambia
Mind, society and behavior
It is often an underlying assumption that the new role of women and in general the trend toward a more egalitarian view of the concept of partnership is a main factor behind the low fertility rates in rich countries. The aim of this paper is to test the consequences of gender (in)equity on the desire of women and men to have (further) children by using gender inequity as an important category within population science. In our assumptions we want to test whether an unequal distribution of household chores and childcare duties has a negative effect on the desire to have children. Another assumption examines the potential correlation that the perception of (in)equality of women and men in society or the acceptance of government measures to ensure equal rights might have with the desire to have children. The data are derived from the recent Austrian survey Population Policy Acceptance Survey. The assumptions are tested by means of logistic regression analysis. The results show that it is new men who are likely to express a wish for children, rather than those who live in traditional partnership models. .
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Home economics education : intertwining research and teacher education
Teaching home economics
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The importance of research functions in promoting home economics education in Finland
Households̕ consumption
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Consumption in rural Bangladesh : households, lifestyles, and identities
What is quality of life? - innovations, traditions,... : the 10th Biennial International Congress of Asian Regional Association for Home Economics, August 16-19, 1999, Pacifico Yokohama, Yokohama, Japan : program & preprints
Feeding our families
Home economics now : transformative practice, ecology, and everyday life : a tribute to the scholarship of Eleanore Vaines
Finnish household consumption in monetary and physical terms : trends and clarifications
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Themes in family and consumer sciences : a book of readings 2001.. Volume 2
What is the cost of living? : references budgets for a decent minimum standard of livin in Finland
Studies on iron in rat nutrition / Antti Ahlström
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
Abstract: Accessible kitchen : home cooking of the visually impaired.
A naïve sticky information model of households' inflation expectations
Households increasingly dependent on public transfers
Economic and social features of households in the member states of the European Community
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
Domestic energy fact file
Home economics in Finland
Kitchen - a fascinating classroom : home economics as contextualized content for CLIL class, a material package
Journal of dairy science
Journal of family and consumer sciences
Home Economics : An introduction to a dynamic profession
The philosophy of home economics : for establishment of a home economics with the goal of human protection
Home economics investigations
Management in family living
Home economics in process 1992-2002 - what can we learn for the future
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
Economics of the household : its administration and finance
Household and kitchen rules : towards a new reflective practice
Risks related to economic and credit cycles
Household decision-making
The ability to predict future income is essential for the wellbeing of households. While there have been no major changes in Finnish households' income uncertainty over the past 25 years or so, there would appear to be some ingrained differences across population groups. Income uncertainty has been higher for the less educated than for the highly educated, while risks to the income of the self-employed are high relative to their expected income development. Public transfers have moderated the risks associated with earnings development, notably for the less educated. The significance of public transfer schemes for levelling out income development becomes more apparent as the population ages, with a larger share of the population reliant on public transfers to make ends meet..
Introducing dry toilet technology to households : case: Ho Municipality in Ghana
Home economics in higher education : criteria for evaluating undergraduate programs
An econometric analysis of time use in Finnish households
Finland's domestic financial system has continued to function well despite the prolonged recession. Short-term risks to the stability of the domestic financial system relate particularly to weaker-than-forecast developments in the Finnish economy and risks developing on the international financial markets..
"New approaches to the study of everyday life" : research abstracts
The teaching of home economics
Household debt and banking sector concentration pose risks for Finland
A household book for Africa
Comparison of heat pump system and boiler plant for one-family house : Heat sources in one-family house
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Philosophical studies of home economics in the United States Volume II : our practical-intellectual heritage
Mrs. Beeton's household management : a complete cookery book
Home economics : domestic fraud in Victorian England
Essays on energy demand and household energy choice
Handbook of domestic science and household arts for use in elementary schools : a manual for teachers
Mrs Beeton's cookery and household management
Some key issues and challenges to create new approaches and frameworks for home economics
Household debt - how much is too much?
Feeding levels during the growing phase affect the production of primiparous Finnish Landrace ewes
Management for modern families
Studies in household economic behavior
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
Communicating family and consumer sciences : a guidebook for professionals
Household sample surveys in developing and transition countries
Household equipment
How to get things really flat
Economics of the family and family policies
Home economics and its new qualifications in promoting general education
Education and age ease uncertainty of income development
What is the cost of living? : reference budgets for a decent minimum standard of living in Finland
A practical problem approach in a new Finnish curriculum
Home economics advisory services in rural areas of Europe
Household energy handbook : an interim guide and reference manual
The material sides of marriage : women and domestic economies in antiquity
Philosophical studies of home economics in the United States Volume I : our practical-intellectual heritage
Journal of home economics
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
Response rate methodology in the European Community Household Panel and application for the Finnish ECHP
Science of home economics and institutional management
Household market and nonmarket activities : the first year of a Swedish panel study : paper presented at the annual meeting with the American statistical association...1984
A small world : smart houses and the dream of the perfect day
The food axis : cooking, eating, and the architecture of American houses
Understanding economic process
Politicizing domesticity from Henrietta Maria to Milton's Eve
Forgotten Household Crafts
Medieval domesticity : home, housing and household in medieval England
Food, home and society
The reflective professional:Reflecting and helping for the 21st century
Structural adjustment and women informal sector traders in Harare, Zimbabwe
The trends of the early post-millennium years - a larger average loan size and longer loan repayment periods - have permanently increased household vulnerability to debt-related risks in Finland. Household indebtedness embraces another four features that amplify the risks to the economy: the debt level is high relative to GDP, risks are unevenly distributed, loans are tied to variable interest rates and, in part, loans are large relative to the collateral provided. The stabilisation of debt developments in the 2010s has been positive for financial stability..
Forgotten household crafts
The impact of village development funds on community welfare in the Lao People's Democratic Republic
Modus : journal of the National Association of Teachers of Home Economics
Future related issues in home economics
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Description of teacher education in home economics in Finland
The pedagogical development of an international teacher in the cultural context of Finnish CLIL home economics
Do households have rational expectations on future consumption? : Evidence from the Finnish Consumer Survey
Mrs Beeton's household management : a complete cookery book
Poverty comparisons and household survey design
Feeding weaned piglets and growing-finishing pigs with diets based on mainly home-grown organic feedstuffs
Reading comprehension for students of nutrition and home economics
Vanity, vitality, and virility : the chemistry behind the products you love to buy
Toward better teaching of home economics
Science education and development of thinking in teaching baking in home economics
Saving energy to protect the nature, but monitoring to reduce the bill : experiences from Adjutantti
Home economics - raising our visions for the future
Dimensions of home economics in society : Finlnad as an example
Delightes for ladies
Household market and non-market activities : research program and proposal
Chic simple components : storage
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
Cleaning & maintenance management magazine
Maataloudellinen kotitalousopetus = Husmodersundervisningen inom lanthushållet = Der landwirtschaftliche Hauswirtschaftsunterricht = Teaching of rural domestic science = Enseignemet de l'économi domestique rurale : oppilaitokset, harjoittelu, neuvonta = läroanstalterna, lärlingsinstitutionen, instruktionsverksamheten = Lehranstalten, Lehrlingswesen, Beratung = schools, training, travelling instructors = ecoles, travaux pratiques, enseignement ambulant
The scientific base for home economics in the context of teacher education
Implementation of home management residence programs in developing countries with a special reference to East-Africa
Developing thinking skills in home economics
Mrs Beeton's book of household management
Consumer citizenship education in Finland : comparisons between comprehensive school curricula in 1994 and 2004.
Disclosing the tacit : a narrative approach to the nature of the teaching of skills
Home economics in curriculum research : report from the NorFa-funded Nordic-Baltic Research Workshop in Home Economics June 5-8 1997
Home economics - a dynamic tool for creating a sustainable future : a response to the IFHE position statement Home Economics in the 21st Century
The concept of theory in home economics : a philosophical dialogue
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
How to be a home economics teacher
Studies on the effects of isopropyl N-(3-chlorophenyl)carbamate on the chemical composition of plant commodities
SELF-DESIGNED WASTEWATER TREATMENT SYSTEM FOR DOMESTIC WASTEWATER : Wastewater treatment in areas outside sewer networks in Kokkola
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
Chilean journal of agricultural research
The longer working careers and higher earnings of those now retiring have caused a rising trend in earnings-related pensions. As this has been accompanied by a strong increase in unemployment expenditure and slow growth in aggregate income from wages and salaries on account of the recession, a growing number of households now depend on current transfers. Accordingly, household income and expenditure are now less dependent on the economic cycle and countercyclical policy. In addition, the impact of monetary policy on aggregate demand is reduced by the growing role of property income in financing consumption. Contrary to the life cycle hypothesis, elderly people's savings rate has risen with age, and net wealth is highest amongst the elderly..
Gender Trouble and Its Impact on Fertility Intentions
Get growing! : activities for food and garden learning : a teacher resource for elementary and middle grades
Chemistry of the household
Households' willingness to engage in demand response in the Finnish retail electricity market : an empirical study
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
Poultry international : production, prosessing and marketing worldwide
A medieval home companion : housekeeping in the fourteenth century
Regional divergence is a strong feature of the Finnish housing market and household debt. House prices are higher in growth centres than in the rest of the country, and households in growth centres also have more housing debt both in absolute terms and relative to their income. In the long term, the mutually reinforcing cycles and vulnerabilities in housing and credit markets could turn out to be detrimental to financial stability and the macroeconomy..
Cooking for the freezer
Science and the home : 500 years of technical advance
Dimensions of home economics in society : Finland as an example
A philosophy of home economics : establishing home economics as a discipline for human protection
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Beatrice Paolucci : shaping destiny through everyday life
Perspectives and challenges for the future - concluding remarks
Presents the author's six-week personal finance program for adults ages 20-35. Integrated with his website, where readers can use interactive charts, follow up on the latest information, and join the community, it is a hip blueprint to building wealth and financial security.
Oikos - domus - household : the many lives of a common word
Himalayan households : Tamang demography and domestic process
The English housewife : containing the inward and outward virtues which ought to be in a complete woman : as her skill in physic, cookery, banqueting-stuff, distillation, perfumes, wool, hemp, flax, dairies, brewing, baking, and all other things belonging to a household
Home economics today - an international and Nordic perspective
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Kotitaloussähkölaitteet : sanasto : standardi SFS 3384 = Elektriska hushållsapparater : ordlista = Household electrical appliances : vocabulary
One country, many housing markets
Datanews : the termly newsletter of the Design and Technology Association
Economics of household production
Households' assets
Values and decision-making : six historical papers selected by the Family Economics-Home management section for their significance home economics
The management of family resources
I will teach you to be rich
High housing debt increases risks to financial stability
Bringing together literary texts, political and household writings, and visual images, Politicizing Domesticity from Henrietta Maria to Milton's Eve traces how the language of the domestic became a powerful and contested tool of political propaganda in representations of Charles I and Henrietta Maria, Oliver and Elizabeth Cromwell, and Milton's Adam and Eve. The book reconstitutes a lively seventeenth-century.
Home economics in 100 years : home economics in the 21st century - history - perspectives - challenges : report from the conference 1.12. - 3.12.1999
The complexity of food related activities in a household context - implications for home economics education
Healthy life in a safe environment: the present situation, cooperation and future action - the 12th Biennial International Congress of Asian Regional Association for Home Economics, August 5-8, 2003, Chiang Mai, Thailand : program & abstracts
Health in the context of home economics
Progress in the household (1906)
Journal of family and economic issues
Byways or highways - where is home economics education going?
Gingham aprons of the '40s & '50s : a checkered past
How to create tools to empower the consumer : the challenges of home economics/FCS and home economics teacher education : abstract
The art of dining : a history of cooking & eating
