http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7119 pasture plants
pasture plants herbage crops
Mechanics of cutting plant material
Grass : its production and utilization
White clover
Stem anatomy of annual legume intercropping components: white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), narbonne (Vicia narbonensis L.) and common (Vicia sativa L.) vetches
High value grassland : providing biodiversity, a clean environment and premium products
Integrated experimental ecology : methods and results of ecosystem research in the German Solling Project
Crops 2
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1992-1999 = Results of official variety trials 1992-1999
Grassland renovation and weed control in Europe : a conference held at Graz, Austria, September 18-21, 1991.
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2006-2013 = Results of official variety trials 2006-2013
The lowland grasslands (Molinio-Arrhenatheretea) of County Limerick
Introduction to plant science
Grassland signals : a practical guide for getting the most out of grassland
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2000-2007 = Results of official variety trials 2000-2007
Forage legumes for temperate grasslands
Weeds, pests and diseases of grassland and herbage legumes : proceedings of a Symposium held at the University of Nottingham, 10-12 April 1985
Reproductive versatility in the grasses
Fodder crops and amenity grasses
Low temperature fungi on leys in North Finland
The effect of fertilization, mowing and additional illumination on the structure of a species-rich grassland community
Field and laboratory methods for grassland and animal production research
Meadow foxtail : a production guide
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1990-1997 = Results of official variety trials 1990-1997
Utilisation of grazed grass in temperate animal systems : proceedings of a satellite workshop of the XXth International Grassland Congress, July 2005, Cork, Ireland
Increasing the selenium content of cereal and grass crops in Finland
The effect of frequency and height of cutting on cocksfoot swards
Evaluation of a handling system for ley crop used in biogas production : capacities and costs for a centralised system = Utvärdering av ett hanteringssystem för vallgröda ämnad för biogasproduktion
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Recent white clover research and development in Europe : FAO European Cooperative Research Network on Pastures and Fodder Crop Production, Subnet on Lowland Grasslands, Meeting ... Saku-Jõgeva-Tartu, Estonia, 28-31 August, 1995 : seminar notes
Breeding high yielding forage varieties combined with high seed yield : report of the meeting of the Fodder Crops Section at the Centre of Agricultural Research in Merelbeke - Gent (Belgium) 8-10 September 1981.
Landraces in Finland : proposal for varietal research, registration and maintenance system of cereal, forage grass and legume landraces and old commercial cultivars
Primary productivity of grass ecosystems of the tropics and sub-tropics
Plant resources of South-East Asia. No 4, Forages
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1998-2005 = Results of official variety trials 1998-2005
Crop protection handbook - Grass and clover swards
Estimated metabolizable energy yields of perennial and annual grass swards compared with those of spring barley and oat
Effect of nitrogen fertilization, grass species and cultivar on sod production on Valkeasuo peat bog - a case study
Report of a Working Group on Forages : Seventh Meeting, 18-20 November 1999, Elvas, Portugal : European Cooperative Programme for Crop Genetic Resources Networks (ECP/GR)
Forages. Vol. 1, An introduction to grassland agriculture
Spatial mosaics and vegetation diversity in grassland ecosystems : interacting effects of ants, nematodes and above-ground herbivores
Biogas production from high-yielding energy crops in boreal conditions
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
We studied methane (CH₄) flux rates from experimental excreta patches on a dairy pasture with a chamber technique during snow free seasons and with a gas gradient technique during winter from timothy-meadow fescue sward with mineral N fertilization (220 kg ha-1) and from grass-white clover mixture without fertilization. The dung and urine patches were applied in June or August two consecutive grazing seasons and the measurements were carried out for a year following each application. There were no significant differences in CH₄  fluxes between plant species and emissions originated mainly from the fresh dung pats. The average annual CH₄ fluxes from the control sites without excreta were -0.60±0.1 and with the excreta 0.47±0.3 kg CH₄ ha-1. Thus, excreta originating from dairy cows can turn boreal swards from weak sinks to small sources of CH₄. However, these emissions are only 0.2% of the total CH₄ emissions from a dairy cow.
Grazing regimes and plant reproduction in semi-natural grasslands
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2002-2009 = Results of official variety trials 2002-2009
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1999-2006 = Results of official variety trials 1999-2006
Weed and scrub control on organic grassland
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2004-2011 = Results of official variety trials 2004-2011
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
A small stand of Slender Rush or Path Rush, Juncus tenuis Willd., was found on trampled gravelly and stony ground at the edge of a car park on a path to café Soltuna on the hills of Geta (Getabergen). There were only 3 larger and 13 small tussocks of the species growing on approximately one square metre. The accompanying vascular plants were few; Agrostis cf. capillaris, Juncus effusus, Leontodon autumnalis, Plantago major subsp. major and Poa annua were the only taxa observed among the rush tussocks. Juncus tenuis was not seen during investigations of the vascular plant flora at Soltuna in 2003 and 2007. Juncus tenuis is introduced from North America to Europe and elsewhere....
Poa annua : physiology, culture, and control of annual bluegrass
Dairy cow excreta patches change the boreal grass swards from sink to source of methane
Analyses of climatic factors affecting snow mould injury in first-year timothy (Phleum pratense L.) with special reference to Sclerotinia borealis
Forage crops
Meadow bromegrass
Sainfoin for western Canada
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1993-2000 = Results of official variety trials 1993-2000
The chemical composition, in vitro rumen fermentation variables and methane (CH₄) output of a range of common forb species sampled in spring and summer, and grass silage (14 treatments in total), were determined in this study. Dried, milled herbage samples were incubated in an in vitro rumen batch culture with rumen microbial inoculum (rumen fluid) and buffered mineral solution (artificial saliva) at 39 °C for 24 hours. All herbage chemical composition and in vitro rumen fermentation variables were affected (p<0.001) by treatment. Rumex obtusifolius (in spring and summer), Urtica dioica (summer) and Senecio jacobaea (summer) had lower (p<0.05) CH₄ outputs relative to feed dry matter incubated compared with grass silage, reflecting their lower extent of in vitro rumen fermentation.
Improved grassland management
Lockhart & Wiseman's crop husbandry including grassland
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2005-2012 = Results of official variety trials 2005-2012
Fungal species and multiple mycotoxin contamination of cultivated forage crops
Pasture rotation : system for the care and utilization of pastures
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1995-2002 = Results of offical variety trials 1995-2002
The grass crop : the physiological basis of production
Turfgrass maintenance reduction handbook : sports, lawns, and golf
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2008-2015 = Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015
Annual ryegrasses in Atlantic Canada
Yellow-flowered lucerne : properties and influence on performance and reproduction of ewes
The quality of grass samples used for animal feed by combining mycotoxin measures and mycological determination of mycobiota were explored. The samples of the plant material were collected in 2014 in two stages: before the first mowing (May-June) and before the second one (July-August) from the fields of stock-farms located in northwestern part of the Russia. All samples were divided into three types: grasses, mixture of different grasses and clover, alfalfa mixed with timothy. The occurrence of aflatoxin B1, alternariol, citrinin, cyclopiazonic acid, deoxynivalenol, diacetoxyscirpenol, emodin, ergot alkaloids, fumonisins, mycophenolic acid, ochratoxin A, PR-toxin, roridin A, sterigmatocystin, T-2 toxin, and zearalenone were determined using ELISA. The multiple fungal and mycotoxin contaminations are already formed in plant tissues by the moment of first mowing. The complexes of mycotoxins including up to 14-16 components and the combined character of plant contamination quite correspond to the taxonomic variety of mycobiota.
Growth analysis defining plant and weather interactions in timothy, meadowfescue and red clover mixture in Northern Sweden
Color atlas of turfgrass weeds
Grass-fed cattle : how to produce and market natural beef
Effects of plant species and harvesting system on grassland production in northern Finland
In vitro rumen methane output of forb species sampled in spring and summer
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
Grassland management for organic farmers
16th International grassland congress, 4-11 October 1989, Nice, France = Congrès international des herbages, 4-11 Octobre 1989, Nice, France
Handbook of weed management systems
Compendium of alfalfa diseases
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Pests and diseases
Clover science and technology
Collins guide to the grasses, sedges rushes and ferns of Britain and Northern Europe
Seed production characters and germination performance of reed canary grass in Finland
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Red clover grown in a mixture with grasses : yield, persistence and dynamics of quality characteristics
Trial results 1985 of the Hankkija plant breeding institute = Koetuloksia 1985
Grasses and grassland ecology
An ecological atlas of grassland plants
Advances in Pasture and Hay-Meadow management : collection of papers prepared in 1944-1958 by the staff of the Meadow and Pasture Section of the Leningrad Agricultural Institute
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
How grasses grow
Influence of autumn cutting time and weather on growth potential and growth of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.)
Species richness and distribution in relation to light in wooded meadows and pastures in southern Sweden
Juncus tenuis found in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Variability of herbage production in mixed leys as related to ley age and environmental factors : a farm survey
The incidence of plant oestrogens in Finnish pasture and fodder plants with special reference to their possible effects in cases of sterility in ruminanats
The effect of intercropping on stem anatomy of both supporting (Lupinus albus) and supported (Vicia narbonnensis and V. sativa) annual forage legumes was investigated using stereological method. Intercropped plants showed minimal differences in volume densities (Vv) of stem tissues and forage chemical composition compared to sole crops. The proportions of lignin and NDF (Neutral Detergent Fiber) positively correlated with xylem Vv. The proportions of ADF (Acid Detergent Fiber), cellulose and ash in intercropped plants were increased or decreased mostly by less than 10% compared to those in pure stands. The Anatomical Equivalent Ratio (AER) defined as the ratio based on anatomical quality-determining parameters, can assist in the evaluation of the benefits of specific intercropping systems. Intercropping of the legume species studied in this work, especially L. albus with V. sativa, showed encouraging results from anatomical perspective since it would not cause a decline of forage quality.
Yield formation in the main field crops
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1988-1995 = Results of official variety trials 1988-1995
Molecular characterization of some turfgrass cultivars using randomly amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD) markers
Silage science and technology
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
The protection of turf grasses, 1979-March 1987 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
Perennial forage and pasture crops : proceedings of the 13th Nordic graduate course in plant production
Plant physiology and herbage production : proceedings of Symposium organised by the British Grassland Society 7-9 1981, held at the University of Nottingham
