http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7129 social effects
social effects
Tourism impacts, planning and management
Tourism: good or bad? : impacts of tourism in Tanzania
The Routledge Handbook of Immigration and Refugee Studies offers a comprehensive and unique study of the multi-disciplinary field of international migration and asylum studies. Utilising contemporary information and analysis, this innovative Handbook provides an in depth examination of legal migration management in the labour market and its affect upon families in relation to wider issues of migrant integration and citizenship. With a comprehensive collection of essays written by leading contributors from a broad range of disciplines including sociology of migration, human geography, legal studies, political sciences and economics, the Handbook is a truly multi-disciplinary book approaching the critical questions of: * Migration and the labour market * Integration and citizenship * Migration, families and welfare * Irregular migration * smuggling and trafficking in human beings * asylum and forced migration. Organised into short thematic and geographical chapters the Routledge Handbook of Immigration and Refugee Studies provides a concise overview on the different topics and world regions, as well as useful guidance for both the starting and the more experienced reader. The Handbook's expansive content and illustrative style will appeal to both students and professionals studying in the field of migration and international organisations.
Ecological enlightenment : essays on the politics of the risk society
"This text involves students in understanding and using the tools of critical social and literary theory from the first day of class. It is an ideal first introduction before students encounter more difficult readings from critical and postmodern perspectives. Nealon and Giroux describe key concepts and illuminate each with an engaging inquiry that asks students to consider deeper and deeper questions. Written in students' own idiom, and drawing its examples from the social world, literature, popular culture, and advertising, The Theory Toolbox offers students the language and opportunity to theorize. Updated throughout, the second edition of The Theory Toolbox includes a discussion of new media, as well as two new chapters on life and nature"--
Groups as epistemic communities : studies on the role of groups in forming and circulating social knowledge
The intellectual appropriation of technology : discourses on modernity, 1900-1939
Community-based tourism in Nicaragua : a socio-cultural perspective
Communication skills for working with children and young people : introducing social pedagogy
Trauma : a social theory
Tourism : critical concepts in the social sciences. Volume 1, The nature and structure of tourism
Facial expressions as an interactional resource in everyday face-to-face conversation
War of the worlds : cyberspace and the high-tech assault on reality
Africa united : how football explains Africa
A community guide to social impact assessment
Maintaining and Extending Social Networks in IRC-galleria
The means to express conflict is through communication, and the means to manage and address conflict is also via communication. This handbook emphasises constructive conflict management from a communication perspective which places primacy in the message as the focus of conflict research and practice.
Culture, society and the media
Gender designs IT : construction and deconstruction of information society technology
Responsibility in mass communication
Creative network communities in the translocal space of digital networks
The Lexus and the olive tree
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
Digital state : how the Internet is changing everything
The Soviet impact on the western world
Virtual geography : living with global media events
a Million words and counting : how global english is rewriting the world
Mapping cyberspace : social research on the electronic frontier
Media, messages, and men : new perspectives in communication
Meaning in technology
Migration, small municipalities and the transition in the forms of social capital
Communities at risk : collective responses to technological hazards
Nanotechnology : science, innovation and opportunity
Soccernomics : why England loses, why Spain, Germany and Brazil win, and why the US, Japan, Australia, Turkey and even Iraq - are destined to become the kings of the world's most popular sport
Interpersonal boundary regulation in the context of social network services
Social challenges of economic and Monetary Union
Planning, implementing and evaluating social and emotional skills course for coaches
The information bomb
The great American values test : influencing behavior and belief through television
The myth of inevitable progress
Early social cognition in three cultural contexts
Climate change is one of the most critical issues of the twenty-first century, presenting a major intellectual challenge to both the natural and social sciences. While there has been significant progress in natural science understanding of climate change, social science research has not been as fully developed. Climate Change and Society: Sociological Perspectives breaks new theoretical and empirical ground by presenting climate change as a thoroughly social phenomenon, embedded in our institutions and cultural practices. This collection of essays summarizes the existing approaches to understanding the social, economic, political, and cultural dimensions of climate change. From the factors that drive carbon emissions to the forces which influence societal responses to climate change, the book provides a comprehensive overview of the social dimensions behind climate change. An understanding of the relationship between climate change and human behavior is a critical element in developing a more sustainable future, changing human habits and behaviors for the better, and creating just and effective environmental policies.
Association football is now the global sport, consumed in various ways by millions of people across the world. Throughout its history, football has been a catalyst as much for social cohesion, unity, excitement and integration as it can be for division, exclusion and discrimination. A Sociology of Football in a Global Context examines the historical, political, economic, social and cultural complexities of the game across Europe, Africa, Asia and North and South America. It analyses the key developments and sociological debates within football through a topic-based approach that concentrates on the history of football and its global diffusion; the role of violence; the global governance of the game by FIFA; race, racism and whiteness; gender and homophobia; the changing nature of fans; the media and football's financial revolution; the transformation of players into global celebrities; and the growth of football leagues across the world. Using a range of examples from all over the world, each chapter highlights the different social and cultural changes football has seen, most notably since the 1990s, when its relationship with the mass media and other transnational networks became more important and financially lucrative.
The big necessity : adventures in the world of human waste
Determinants of health inequalities by income from the 1980s to the 1990s in Finland
Controlling human heredity : 1865 to the present
Global networks : computers and international communication
Information systems in context : building a tool for analysing the sociotechnical context of organisational information systems
Smoking and social interaction
Language in late modernity : interaction in an urban school
The nation's diet : the social science of food choice
Interpersonal communication competence and collaborative interaction in SME internationalization
"I want to see what others have found interesting" : online social filtering of news and magazine articles
Social impact assessment : method and experience in Europe, North America and the developing world
The Civil War of 1812 : American citizens, British subjects, Irish rebels, & Indian allies
Mediated interpersonal communication
Enrich your personal and work relationships with the art of compassionate communication. What if you could defuse tension and create accord in even the most volatile situations just by changing the way you speak? Over the past 35 years, Marshall Rosenberg has done just that, peacefully resolving conflicts in families, schools, businesses, and governments in 30 countries on 5 continents.
The theory toolbox : critical concepts for the humanities, arts, and social sciences
Tourism : change, impacts and opportunities
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
Pierre Bourdieu and literacy education
Social interaction among children with Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD)
Globalization : the key concepts
Social aspects of industrial alcoholism programs
The work of professional football : a labour of love?
Media, society, world : social theory and digital media practice
A choice of futures
A sociology of football in a global context
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
In this vivid narrative, Pulitzer Prize-winning historian Alan Taylor tells the riveting story of a war that redefined North America. In the early nineteenth century, Britons and Americans renewed their struggle over the legacy of the American Revolution. In this second confrontation, soldiers, immigrants, settlers, and Indians fought to determine the fate of a continent. Would revolutionary republicanism sweep the British from Canada? Or would the British contain, divide, and ruin the shaky republic? Moving beyond national histories to examine the lives of common men and women, "The Civil War of 1812 "reveals an often brutal (sometimes comic) war and illuminates the tangled origins of the United States and Canada.
Social implications of farm mechanization : major results of the Finnish part of a cross-national research project
Communities in cyberspace
The power of design : a force for transforming everything
Alone and in a group : ethnographic research on autistic children's play
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Analyzing multimodal interaction : a methodological framework
Interpersonal relationships of immigrant students
Children and the changing family : between transformation and negotiation
The culture of calamity : disaster and the making of modern America
New Frontiers in Technological Literacy examines new aspects of how students, citizens, and teachers become technologically literate and the aspects of their lives that are mediated by technological literacy. Scholars from four continents consider how technological literacy is shaped by everything from gender to age to country of origin and shapes our relationships to democracy, sustainability, medicine, education, philosophy, and our workplaces. With incisive and forward-looking chapters on topics ranging from scientific and genetic literacy to digital democracy, New Frontiers in Technological Literacy joins Defining Technological Literacy in uncovering how technological literacy affects education, work, and life in the modern world.
Health outcomes : biological, social, and economic perspectives
Environmental and social impact assessment with public participation : a company's view
The winding road from exclusion to ownership : governance and social outcomes in contemporary forest conservation in northeastern Tanzania
Sustainable protein production and consumption : pigs or peas?
Second opinion : an introduction to health sociology
A social and environmental impact assessment of the Crucitas gold mining project in Costa Rica
The explicit teaching of reading
Helping : how to offer, give, and receive help
The bio-revolution : cornucopia or pandora's box?
Finnish athletes' expectations about physiotherapy in sport injury rehabilitation
The effects of television
History, memory and migration : perceptions of the past and the politics of incorporation
Interacting with objects : language, materiality, and social activity
Social impact assessment in mining projects in Northern Finland : comparing practice to theory
Living without the screen : causes and consequences of life without television
Superfreakonomics : global cooling, patriotic prostitutes and why suicide bombers should buy life insurance
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
Influence : the psychology of persuasion
Although urban allotment gardening dates back to the nineteenth century, it has recently undergone a renaissance of interest and popularity. This is the result of greater concern over urban greenspace, food security and quality of life. This book presents a comprehensive, research-based overview of the various features, benefits and values associated with urban allotment gardening in Europe. The book is based on a European COST Action project, which brings together researchers and practitioners from all over Europe for the first detailed exploration of the subject on a continent-wide scale. It assesses the policy, planning and design aspects, as well as the social and ecological benefits of urban allotment gardening. Through an examination of the wide range of different traditions and practices across Europe, it brings together the most recent research to discuss the latest evolutions of urban allotment gardening and to help raise awareness and fill knowledge gaps. The book provides a multidisciplinary perspective, including insights from horticulture and soil science, ecology, sociology, urban geography, landscape, planning and design. The themes are underpinned by case studies from a number of European countries which supply a wide range of examples to illustrate different key issues.
Fast-wood forestry : myths and realities
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Social and Emotional Aspects of Learning
Literacy and the social order : reading and writing in Tudor and Stuart England
Scholarly communications : a history from content as king to content as kingmaker
Microchips with everything : the consequences of information technology
The 33 strategies of war
Patient no more : the politics of breast cancer
Understanding interaction search behavior in professional social networks
Nonviolent communication : a language of life
Games people play : the psychology of human relationships
Literacy for sustainable development in the age of information
Herd : how to change mass behaviour by harnessing our true nature
Superfreakonomics : global cooling, patriotic prostitutes, and why suicide bombers should buy life insurance
The emergence of community-based entrepreneurship : empirical evidence from Italy
The social consequences of regulating the watercourses in Lapland
EDM and Ecstasy : the lived experiences of electronicdance music festival attendees
Digital material : tracing new media in everyday life and technology
Shaping technology/building society : studies in sociotechnicat change
Adding value through social media : case Autokiila
New frontiers in technological literacy : breaking with the past
Becoming fashion-able : hacktivism and engaged fashion design
Freakonomics : a rogue economist explores the hidden side of everything
If you lived here : the city in art, theory, and social activism: a project by Martha Rosler
Technical artefacts : an ontological investigation of technology
Embodying technesis : technology beyond writing
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
Routledge handbook of immigration and refugee studies
Health and social impact of culture
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
The social impact of computers
Objects are essential for how, together, people create and experience social life and relate to the physical environment around them. Interacting with Objects: Language, materiality, and social activity presents studies which use video recordings of real-life settings to explore how objects feature in social interaction and activity. The studies consider many objects (e.g. paper documents, food, a camera, art, furniture, and even the human body), across various situations, such as shopping, visiting the doctor, interviews and meetings, surgery, and instruction in dance, craft, or cooking. Analyses reveal in precise detail how, as people interact, objects are seen, touched and handled, heard, created, transformed, planned, imagined, shared, discussed, or appreciated. With the companion collection Multiactivity in Social Interaction: Beyond multitasking, the book advances understanding of the complex organisation and accomplishment of social interaction, especially the significance of embodiment, materiality, participation and temporality. By focussing on objects in and for actual occasions of human action, Interacting with Objects: Language, materiality, and social activity will interest many researchers and practitioners in language and social interaction, communication and discourse, design, and also more widely within anthropology, sociology, psychology, and related disciplines.
Tourism, culture and development : hopes, dreams and realities in East Indonesia
Skilled interpersonal communication : research, theory, and practice
The effect of sensory-processing sensitivity on social preference for online interaction and associated outcome on psychological wellbeing
Tourism: Change, Impacts and Opportunities provides a comprehensive and balanced discussion of the impacts of tourism. The authors address the nature of tourism and tourists and the economic, physical and social impact that can result from their activity. New approaches to impact assessment are also considered. A wide range of examples from developed and developing countries illustrate the points raised in the text. This timely and perceptive book is essential reading for anyone involved in tourism planning or development and is also suitable for students of geography, planning, economics and sociology.
Thai tourism : Hill Tribes, Islands and Open-Ended Prostitution : collected papers
The mystery of the eye and the shadow of blindness
Mass media and social change
Technology and women's voices : keeping in touch
New communication technologies in developing countries
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Global status report on alcohol and health
Communication and social influence
Big picture economics : how to navigate the new global economy
Why are we so insistent that women and men are different? This introduction to gender provides a fascinating and genuinely readable exploration of how society divides people into feminine women and masculine men. It explores gender as a way of seeing women and men as not just biological organisms, but as people shaped by their everyday social world. Examining how gender has been understood and lived in the past; how it is understood and done differently by different cultures and groups within cultures; Mary Holmes considers the strengths and limitations of different ways of thinking and learning to 'do' gender.Key sociological and feminist ideas about gender are covered from Christine Pisan to Mary Wollstonecraft: from symbolic interactionism to second wave feminism through to the work of Judith Butler. The book illustrates gender with a range of familiar and contemporary examples: everything from nineteenth century fashions in China and Britain, to discussions of what Barbie can tell us about gender in America, to the lives of working women in Japan. This book will be of great use and interest to students to gender studies, sociology and feminist theory.
Dialogue for development : an exploration of relations between oil and gas companies, communities and the state
On some social influences of the military organization
Food biotechnologies in Italy : a social psychological study
The SAGE handbook of international social work
Prime-time families : television culture in postwar America
Migration and transnational social spaces
Social implications and challenges of e-business
Unspun : key concepts for understanding the World Wide Web
Society in an age of plague
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Information and behavior : systems of influence
Enduring conundrum: India's sex ratio : essays in honour of Asok Mitra
Socio-economic Challenges in the Mining Industry : four Cases from the Barents Region
The socio-economic impact of air transport on small regions in Finland : case study: the Kokkola-Pietarsaari airport region
Multiactivity in social interaction : beyond multitasking
Against the machine : being human in the age of the electronic mob
Behind the myth of European Union : prospects for cohesion
Aggression : its causes, consequences, and control
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
Alone together : why we expect more from technology and less from each other
Social Impacts of Mining in Sodankylä
Media and the city : cosmopolitanism and difference
Sustainable practices : social theory and climate change
Globalization, social movements, and the construction of Europe : the example of the European parliament elections in France
Introducing social semiotics
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
The SAGE handbook of conflict communication
Rethinking consumer behaviour for the well-being of all : reflections on individual consumer responsibility
"In the current monograph, we report on a series of eight studies in which we systematically assessed the social-cognitive skills of 1- to 3-year-old children in three diverse cultural settings. One group of children was from a Western, middle-class cultural setting in rural Canada and the other two groups were from traditional, small-scale cultural settings in rural Peru and India. In the first group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's most basic social-cognitive skills for understanding the intentions and attention of others: imitation, helping, gaze following, and communicative pointing. Children's performance in these tasks was mostly similar across cultural settings. In a second group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's skills in participating in interactive episodes of collaboration and joint attention.... In the final pair of studies, we assessed 2- to 3-year old children's skills within two symbolic system (pretense and pictorial)."--Abstract.
Shaping technology, guiding policy : concepts, spaces and tools
Working with children and parents through separation and divorce : the changing lives of children
Social determinants of mortality from childhood to early adulthood
Managing sport : social and cultural perspectives
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
Drama power on the rise? : US soft power may increase as a function of Washington dysfunction
Pornography
Technicolor : race, technology, and everyday life
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
A general theory of emotions and social life
AIDS : responses, interventions, and care
Making social worlds : a communication perspective
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
CouchSurfing - a choice for travellers
The eco-social approach in social work
Southern hospitality : tourism and growth of Atlanta
Gender and everyday life
Assessing social impact of social enterprises : does one size really fit all?
A cognitive psychology of mass communication
Climate change and society : sociological perspectives
People and the debt crisis - challenge for NGOs : final report of a Conference organised by the Special NGO Committee on Development (Geneva) 27-29 November 1989.
