http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7126 infrared radiation
infrared radiation
Thermal imaging systems
Near-infrared studies of active galaxies
Infrared properties of galaxies and constraints on galaxy evolution
Electrotherapy explained : principles and practice
"This book explores new ideas, concepts, and technologies such as dynamic thermal imaging, thermal texture mapping, and thermal multispectral imaging commonly used in the clinical environment. The coverage ranges from historical background, concepts, clinical applications, standards, and infrared technology. Of interest to the medical and biomedical engineering communities, the book can provide many opportunities for developing and conducting multidisciplinary research in many areas of medical infrared imaging"--Provided by publisher.
The infared spectra of minerals / edited by V. C. Farmer
Electronic and vibrational spectroscopic studies of gold-nanoclusters
Introduction to spectroscopy
The infrared and electro-optical systems handbook. Vol. 1, Sources of radiation
New imaging technologies are needed for the early detection of dental caries, especially in high risk regions such as the interproximal and occlusal surfaces. The objective of this thesis work was to investigate the potential of near infrared (NIR) imaging methods for the detection and assessment of early enamel caries. If detected in the early stages, enamel caries can often be treated by nonsurgical methods that promote the tissue remineralization and repair without the need for restorative intervention. This work demonstrated that NIR wavelengths, especially 1310 nm, are well suited for imaging enamel dental caries. NIR transillumination and Polarization Sensitive Optical Coherence Tomography (PS-OCT) are two promising optical imaging systems that were studied in this work and addressed the needed improvements to measure depth resolved changes in enamel demineralization and remineralization.
Effect of ultraviolet and infra-red irradiation and PUVA treatment on non-immunologic contact reactions
Thermographic imaging in cats and dogs : usability as a clinical method
Astrophysics with infrared surveys : a prelude to SIRTF : proceedings of a conference held at Califirnia Institute of Technology, Pasadena, California, USA 22-24 June 1998
Visible and near infrared absorption spectra of human and animal haemoglobin : determination and application
Infrared thermography in the evaluation of skin temperature : applications in musculoskeletal conditions
Potential of infrared heating as a method for decontaminating food powder : process development and impact on product quality
Feasibility of wood peeling assisted by infrared heating
Star formation with the infrared space observatory (ISO) : meeting held in Lisbon, Portugal 24-26 June 1997
Infra-red physics
Summary.
Infrared space interferometry : astrophysics & the study of earth-like planets : proceedings of a Workshop held in Toledo, Spain, March 11-14, 1996
Infrared light scattering as a diagnostic of interstellar dust
Submillimetre astronomy : Proceedings of the Kona Symposium on Millimetre and submillimetre astronomy, held at Kona, Hawaii, October 3-6, 1988
Diffuse infrared radiation and the IRTS : proceedings of a symposium held at Institute of Space and Astronomical Science, Sagamihara, Kanagawa, Japan 11-14 November 1996
Thermal remote sensing in land surface processes
Infrared link for BTS LMT
Solar Nanoantenna Electromagnetic Collectors for Energy Production
Working on the fringe : optical and IR interferometry from ground and space : proceedings of a conference held at Dana Point, California, USA, 24-27 May, 1999
The extragalactic infrared background and its cosmological implications : IAU Symposium 204, proceedings of the 24th General Assembly of the IAU held at Manchester, United Kingdom, 15-18 August 2000
Heat radiation analysis of a CO2-containing double-glass gas enclosure
Photodynamics studies of ligand-protected gold nanoclusters by using ultrafast transient infrared spectroscopy
Introduction to infrared system design
A combined infrared/heat pump drying technology applied to a rotary dryer
Introduction to spectroscopy : a guide for students of organic chemistry
Fundamentals of Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy
Physical methods in heterocyclic chemistry. Vol. 4
Michelson interferometer with porch swing bearing for portable FTIR spectometer
IRDA principles and protcols : the IrDA library. vol. 1
Infrared spectroscopy : fundamentals and applications / Barbara H. Stuart / Barbara H. Stuart
Remote sensing tools for exploration : observing and interpreting the electromagnetic spectrum
Spectral subtraction as a tool for increasing measurement sensitivity : applied to quantitative FT-IR measurements of glucose and gluconate in an Aspergillus niger fermentation
Near infrared optical imaging of early dental caries
Post trail running race recovery enhancing apparel
Estimation of surface moisture variation in milled peat fields using infra-red methods
Photoacoustic infrared spectroscopy
The infrared handbook
Remote sensing of the environment : an earth resource perspective
Infrared spectroscopic characterization of articular cartilage
Handbook of near-infrared analysis
Infrared drying of herbs
Atlas and catalogue of infrared sources in the Magellanic clouds
The future role of NIR transillumination is likely to be a detection system, capable of screening the dentition for early decay, with PS-OCT providing more valuable diagnostic information on lesion assessment, especially with occlusal lesions.
Infrared detectors and systems
Single and multiphonon interactions with infrared radiation : studies of ceramic materials for low emittance applications
Silicon-based surface micromachined interferometers for infrared wavelengths
Photonics simulation and modelling of skin for design of spectrocutometer
Infrared technology : applications to electrooptics, photonic devices, and sensors
Analytical archaeometry : selected topics / edited by Howell Edwards, Peter Vandenabeele
Medical infrared imaging : principles and practices
Thermal physics of asteroids
The impact of large scale near-IR sky surveys
A NIR transillumination system was employed to acquire high contrast images of simulated interproximal lesions showing significant advantages over visible light and x-ray imaging for caries detection. The potential of Polarization Sensitive Optical Coherence Tomography (PS-OCT), an imaging system that has found broad applications in medicine and biology, was examined for occlusal caries detection. PS-OCT was useful for enhancing the image contrast of caries, minimizing the interference of surface reflections, and quantifying the severity of caries lesions through a straightforward integration method. This work found that the method to quantify the lesion severity had a strong correlation to the overall lesion mineral volume loss. PS-OCT had the ability to monitor the progression of artificial enamel caries lesions on occlusal surfaces and image lesions underneath composite sealants. PS-OCT was used to image the remineralization of several different artificial lesion models. One such model demonstrated that PS-OCT can image the repair and restoration of the surface zone enamel after remineralization. NIR transillumination and PS-OCT have promising potential for in vivo applications to non-destructively detect and monitor early enamel caries with greater success than conventional methods.
Infrared and Raman spectra of inorganic and coordination compounds
