http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7128 societal effects
societal effects effects on society
Information Processing '94 : proceedings of the IFIP 13th World Computer Congress, Hamburg, Germany, 28 August - 2 September, 1994. Volume 1, Technology and foundations
Social policy and economic development in the Nordic countries
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Information Technology, Globalization and Social Development
Reinventing the third way : towards new forms of economic and democratic conduct
In the realm of organization : essays for Robert Cooper
Socio-economic Challenges in the Mining Industry : four Cases from the Barents Region
Handbook of the economics of education. Volume 4
Tourism : change, impacts and opportunities
This book presents a cultural perspective on scientific and technological development. As opposed to the "story-lines" of economic innovation and social construction that tend to dominate both the popular and scholarly literature on science, technology and society (or STS), the authors offer an alternative approach, devoting special attention to the role played by social and cultural movements in the making of science and technology.They show how social and cultural movements, from the Renaissance of the late 15th century to the environmental and global justice movements of our time, have provided contexts, or sites, for mixing scientific knowledge and technical skills from different fields and social domains into new combinations, thus fostering what the authors term a "hybrid imagination." Such a hybrid imagination is especially important today, as a way to counter the competitive and commercial "hubris" that is so much taken for granted in contemporary science and engineering discourses and practices with a sense of cooperation and social responsibility. The book portrays the history of science and technology as an underlying tension between hubris - literally the ambition to "play god" on the part of many a scientist and engineer and neglect the consequences - and a hybrid imagination, connecting scientific "facts" and technological "artifacts" with cultural understanding.The book concludes with chapters on the recent transformations in the modes of scientific and technological production since the Second World War and the contending approaches to "greening" science and technology in relation to the global quest for sustainable development. The book is based on a series of lectures that were given by Andrew Jamison at the Technical University of Denmark in 2010 and draws on the authors' many years of experience in teaching non-technical, or contextual knowledge, to science and engineering students. The book has been written as part of the Program of Research on Opportunities and Challenges in Engineering Education in Denmark (PROCEED) supported by the Danish Strategic Research Council from 2010 to 2013.
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Millionaires in windbreakers : globalization in Finland
Effectuation and causation in entrepreneurship education
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
Knowing machines : essays on technical change
Code begets community : on social and technical aspects of managing a virtual community
Handbook of the economics of education. Vol. 2
Information, communication & society
The unmanageable modernity : an explorative study of motorized mobility in development
Capital : (it fails us now)
Living with storm damage to forests
The computerization of society : a report to the president of France
Information Processing '94 : proceedings of the IFIP 13th World Computer Congress, Hamburg, Germany, 28 August - 2 September, 1994. Volume 2, Applications and impacts
Cyberspace : the world in the wires
Institutionalisation of the 'Third Mission' of the university : the case of Makerere University
War & the politics of identity in Ethiopia : the making of enemies & allies in the Horn of Africa
Thumb culture : the meaning of mobile phones for society
Paradise dreamed : how utopian thinkers have changed the modern world
The meaning of water
Tourism: Change, Impacts and Opportunities provides a comprehensive and balanced discussion of the impacts of tourism. The authors address the nature of tourism and tourists and the economic, physical and social impact that can result from their activity. New approaches to impact assessment are also considered. A wide range of examples from developed and developing countries illustrate the points raised in the text. This timely and perceptive book is essential reading for anyone involved in tourism planning or development and is also suitable for students of geography, planning, economics and sociology.
Sociological theory in transition
The social impact of biotechnology
Educational leave and the labour market in Europe
New Frontiers in Technological Literacy examines new aspects of how students, citizens, and teachers become technologically literate and the aspects of their lives that are mediated by technological literacy. Scholars from four continents consider how technological literacy is shaped by everything from gender to age to country of origin and shapes our relationships to democracy, sustainability, medicine, education, philosophy, and our workplaces. With incisive and forward-looking chapters on topics ranging from scientific and genetic literacy to digital democracy, New Frontiers in Technological Literacy joins Defining Technological Literacy in uncovering how technological literacy affects education, work, and life in the modern world.
The creative bits : the social impacts of the arts using digital technology : a report for the Carnagie UK Trust
The routes of man : travels in the paved world
The genius of photography : how photography has changed our lives
New frontiers in technological literacy : breaking with the past
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 3, Social horticulture
The cultural crisis of modern medicine
ICTs and social development : the global policy context : by Cees Hamelink
The power of ideology
Africa united : how football explains Africa
The gene business : who should control biotechnology?
Modern cost-benefit methods : an introduction to financial, economic and social appraisal of development projects
Ireland and the Great War
Information technology and society : a reader
Computer technology and social issues
Information technology : the public issues
Urban development and urban life
Tragedy and farce : how the American media sell wars, spin elections, and destroy democracy
Information technology in the service society : a twenty-first century lever
Knowledge and power : essays on science and government
The biofuel bubble in northern Sweden and Finland
Shaping technology, guiding policy : concepts, spaces and tools
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
Century of war : politics, conflict, and society since 1914
Socio-economic assessment about the establishment of new national parks in Karelia
Decolonizing knowledge : from development to dialogue
The case of the GSM standard for mobile telecommunication : shaping technology as a means of transforming society
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
The culture of calamity : disaster and the making of modern America
Companies & communities : promoting business involvement in the community
The influence of migration on Finnish cultural identity in the twentieth century : some preliminary considerations
The Soviet impact on the western world
The internet is not the answer
Tips for time travelers
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Women and soap opera : a cultural feminist perspective
This volume examines the relationship between Nordic social policy and economic development from a comparative perspective. It identifies the driving forces behind the development of the Nordic welfare model and the problems and dilemmas the model is facing at present. The book also traces the link between democratization and social policy, drawing attention to the role of the state and non-governmental organizations. Social Policy and Economic Development in Nordic Countries examines Nordic social policies on unemployment, social care, family, education and health care policies, and reviews future challenges of the welfare state in the information society.
Fire management : global assessment 2006 : a thematic study prepared in the framework of the Global forest resources assessment 2005.
The armchair economist   : economics and everyday life
Volume three of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places analyses in depth the scientific and scholastic concepts interacting with the arts, medicine and humanities which now underpin the rapidly evolving subject of Social Horticulture. This covers: Horticulture and Society, Diet and Health, Psychological Health, Wildlife, Horticulture and Public Welfare, Education, Extension, Economics, Exports and Biosecurity, Scholarship and Art, Scholarship and Literature, Scholarship and History and the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. This volume takes the evolution of this Discipline firmly into the 21st Century. It breaks new ground by providing a detailed analysis of the value of Horticulture as a force for enhancing society in the form of human welfare, health and well-being. The authors consider how knowledge is transferred within and between generations, and the place of Horticulture in the Arts and Humanities.These studies transcend the barriers between science and the arts. Social benefits of an association with plants include reducing the potential for domestic violence, vandalism, ethnic conflict and crime by building interpersonal social relationships and networks. Two chapters examine the means by which knowledge is delivered and the wider contexts within which Horticultural Education is provided. Understanding the Economics of Horticulture is of paramount importance in justifying public and private financial provisions for the discipline. Biosecurity is not easily achieved because global travel takes new plants, microbes and animals around the world at ever increasing speed. Of particular significance in this volume are the three chapters dealing with aspects of the relationship between Horticulture and scholarship embracing art, literature and history. This is an ancient relationship where Horticultural Science unites with and demonstrates its artistic and historical credentials.Finally, there is an examination of the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. Culturally gardening has much to do with the relationship between man, plants and the human spirit. It is a truism that 'Horticulture is to English Literature as Gardening is to Theatre'. This book is a sign post for the future of Social Horticulture.
Community engagement in higher education : policy reforms and practice
Sustainable flexibility : a prospective study on work, family and society in the information age
China in the information age : telecommunications and the dilemmas of reform
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
Global networks : computers and international communication
Cold hearts and barren slopes : the woodfuel crisis in the third world
Systems, structures and agents under globalization : European and Russian tendencies
Social Impacts of Mining in Sodankylä
The intellectual appropriation of technology : discourses on modernity, 1900-1939
Indigenous responses to neocolonialist policies : “stop the political games!”
Microchips with everything : the consequences of information technology
Music and revolution : cultural change in socialist Cuba
Die Konzentration in der Wirtschaft = On economic concentration
Digital-political fantasies in Istanbul : an analysis of the perceived role of ICT in changing local institutional politics, activism, and identity
The impact of science on society
The impact of biotechnology on living and working conditions
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 9. vuositapaaminen : The Future of Pharma, 19.-21.8.2015 = FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) 9th Annual Meeting : The Future of Pharma, August 19.-21.2015
Wiki : web collaboration
Community, education and social change
Communication by design : the politics of information and communication technologies
The globalization reader
The blinding torch : modern British fiction and the discourse of civilization
Information Processing '94 : proceedings of the IFIP 13th World Computer Congress, Hamburg, Germany, 28 August - 2 September, 1994. Volume 3, Linkage and developing countries
A hybrid imagination : science and technology in cultural perspective
Climate change : the IPCC response strategies
Assessing social impact of social enterprises : does one size really fit all?
Public relations in a transition society 1989-2002 : using a stakeholder approach in organisational communications and relations analyses
Finnish war reparation payments to the Soviet Union in 1945-1952 : a case study of post-war conversation
Corporate social reporting : accounting and accountability
The man in the street : the impact of American public opinion on foreign policy
What just happened : a chronicle from the information frontier
Hold paramount : the engineer's responsibility to society
This necessary and thought-provoking study brings together the organisational side of the world of the arts and the understanding of the many functions art fulfi lls in our culture. The author sets out to establish how the organisation of art worlds serves the functioning of the arts in society. The book is divided into three sections, the first of which presents a comparative study of approaches to the art world as practiced by Dickie, Becker, Bourdieu, Heinich, and Luhmann, among others. The second part focuses on the philosphical debates concerning 'aesthetic experience'. Besides Kant, scholars such as Gadamer, Foster, Shustermann, Schaeffer and Carroll come to the fore. In the third part, the author traces the consequences of these theoretical approaches for the organization of art world practices.
Natural hazards : explanation and integration
Media, society, world : social theory and digital media practice
The skin of culture : investigating the new electronic reality
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Thunder and silence : the mass media in Africa
Globalization and its impact : on Chinese and Swedish society
How to study art worlds : on the societal functioning of aesthetic values
Milestones in 150 years of the chemical industry
State of Finland's Forest 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
The bio-revolution : cornucopia or pandora's box?
The age of television
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Social change and conservation : environmental politics and impacts of national parks and protected areas
Socioeconomic and environmental impacts of biofuels : evidence from developing nations
The social shaping of information superhighways : European and American roads to the information society
Information and behavior. 1
Plant diseases : their biology and social impact
The United States in Germany 1944-1955
Soccernomics : why England loses, why Spain, Germany and Brazil win, and why the US, Japan, Australia, Turkey and even Iraq - are destined to become the kings of the world's most popular sport
What caused the Civil War? : Reflection on the South and Southern history
Technologies, power and society : an overview
Handbook of the economics of education. Vol. 1
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Business and society
Nanotechnology : ethics and society
Social impacts of the new information technology
Release 2.1 : a design for living in the digital age
Collective intelligence : mankind's emerging world in cyberspace
Communications for tomorrow : policy perspectives for the 1980s
Strategies for social reporting : a paper to be presented at the 3rd Congress of the European Accounting Association, Amsterdam, March 1980
Mobile technology, gender and development in  Africa, India and Bangladesh
Tendencies and tensions of the information age : the production and distribution of information in the United States
The tree we heard fall : analyzing the societal processes following focusing events
The rule of water : statecraft, ecology and collective action in South India
Business, government, and society : a managerial perspective : text and cases
Accounting and emancipation : some critical interventions
A social and environmental impact assessment of the Crucitas gold mining project in Costa Rica
Archaeology in society : its relevance in the modern world
A self-willed and odd thing called the net : remarks on the quality of the network world
