http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7138 norms
norms
Norm and action : a logical enquiry
Lost in translation? : Translating allusions in two of Reginald Hill's Dalziel & Pascoe novels
Cultural perspectives on higher education
EURAS yearbook of standardization. Volume 1
Sexual and gender minorities at work
Family and social network : Roles, norms, a. external relationships in ordinary urban families
Risk and rationality : effects of contextual risk and cognitive dissonance on (sexual) incentives
The unresponsive bystander : why doesn't he help?
Hammering the errors : a study of translations errors in the Finnish translations of Mickey Spillane's The big kill
Interfaces of law
How does a norm come about?
The last decade has seen the emergence of an increasingly high profile and politically active asexual community, united around a common identity as 'people who do not experience sexual attraction'. This unique volume collects a diverse range of interdisciplinary empirical and theoretical work which addresses this emergence, raising important and timely questions about asexuality and its broader implications for sexual culture. One of the most pressing and contentious issues within academic and public debates about asexuality is what relationship, if any, it has to sexual dysfunction. As well as collecting cutting edge scholarship in the emerging field of asexuality studies, rendering it indispensable to any sexualities course across the range of disciplines, this anthology also addresses this urgent debate, offering a variety of perspectives on how and why some have pathologised asexuality. This includes a range of chapters addressing the broader issues of sexual normativity within which these contemporary debates about asexuality are taking place.
The cultural construction of gender and care on the street
Oxford studies in normative ethics : Volume 1
Normative initiatives and demilitarization : a third system approach
2003 SAE handbook. Vol. 2, Parts & components and on-highway vehicles (Part I)
Abstract.
Sense and sensibility
Typen slavischer Standardsprachen : theoretische, methodische und empirische Zugänge
More than two : a practical guide to ethical polyamory
Alcohol and disinhibition : towards a theory of intoxication
Studying translational changes in Nancy Drew's character within a normative framework
Deviants and the abandoned in French society
Musical diversity of conformity? : an investigation of current norms in music education through the lens of educators in Swedish-speaking minority schools in Finland
General design principles and wind actions : comparison between the eurocode and the australian standards
Violation of norms and laws in economic practice
To the honourable my very loving mother : politeness strategies in the Barrington family letters
Greed and control : the history and content of the international anti-mercenary norm
Enforcing the laws of anarchical society : the case of Iran in the United Nations Security Council
Electrical and electronics graphic symbols and reference designations : complete in one volume all the IEEE standards and American national standards on..
The Guide to the EMC directive 89/336/EEC
Piracy and welfare : tax evasion, norms and fiscal externality
Oxford studies in normative ethics : Volume 2
Groups as epistemic communities : studies on the role of groups in forming and circulating social knowledge
Law and social norms
Normative structures of the social world
Ten years of Community environment policy : March 1984
Smoking and social interaction
Validity in psychological measurement:an investigation of test norms
No man's land : a novel
Data, media, circumstances and than : the classic cases of controversy in standard written English
Explores the changes in the way teenage girls are growing up in America, discussing the new norms, from extreme behaviors to lack of basic communication skills
Normative social action
The market of virtue : morality and commitment in a liberal society
Oxford studies in normative ethics. Volume 3
The logic of legal requirements : essays on defeasibility
The good body : asceticism in contemporary culture
Niklas Luhmann's concept of trust : trust and its connections to norms, strangers and care
Norms and agreement
When a subtitler met Harry Lime : translation strategies for extralinguistic cultural references in Emmerdale
Normalization and "outsiderhood" : feminist readings of a neoliberal welfare state
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Watching soap opera : a case study of how Ghanians interpret The Bold and the Beautiful
Epistemic norms : new essays on action, belief, and assertion
Gender and law in the Hebrew Bible and the ancient Near East
Law's limits : the rule of law and the supply and demand of rights
Essays on psychology and morality in economic analysis of law
Rethinking foreign policy
Normative discourse
Where have all the swearwords gone? : An analysis of the loss of swearwords in two Swedish translations of J. D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye
Robinson revisited : a study of the Finnish (re)translations of Robinson Crusoe
An outline of social psychology
The complete idiot's guide to understanding ethics
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
Domestication, foreignization and omission in the translations of Koirien Kalevala and Seitsemän koiraveljestä by Mauri Kunnas
Normativity
Values and norms in sport : critical reflections on the position and meanings of sport in society
A social perspective on the outgroup attitude formation of youth
Eurocode for masonry, EN 1996-1-1 and EN 1996-2 : guidance and worked examples
The Western Civilising Process : Prevalent Values, Justifications and Methods
The promise of happiness
Moral Realism is a systematic defence of the idea that there are objective moral standards. In the tradition of Plato and G. E. Moore, Russ Shafer-Landau argues that there are moral principles that are true independently of what anyone, anywhere, happens to think of them. These principles are a fundamental aspect of reality, just as much as those that govern mathematics or the natural world. They may be true regardless of our ability to grasp them, and their truth is not a matter of their being ratified from any ideal standpoint, nor of being the object of actual or hypothetical consensus, nor of being an expression of our rational nature. Shafer-Landau accepts Plato's and Moore's contention that moral truths are sui generis. He rejects the currently popular efforts to conceive of ethics as a kind of science, and insists that moral truths and properties occupy a distinctive area in our ontology. Unlike scientific truths, the fundamental moral principles are knowable a priori. And unlike mathematical truths, they are essentially normative: intrinsically action-guiding, and supplying a justification for all who follow their counsel.Moral Realism is the first comprehensive treatise defending non-naturalistic moral realism in over a generation. It ranges over all of the central issues in contemporary metaethics, and will be an important source of discussion for philosophers and their students interested in issues concerning the foundations of ethics.
This article is a revised version of a paper for the Biennial Conference of the Inter-University Seminar on Armed Forces and Society, (IUS), Chicago, 23-25 October 2009..
Role development in professional nursing practice
Rights and persons
Basic human values in Estonia and Baltic sea countries
Why share? : motivational predictors of individual knowledge sharing in expert work
Legal philosophical library : an international series on philosophy and theory of law. Volume 1, Reason in law : proceedings of the conference held in Bologna, 12-15 December 1984
Representations of medeival homosexuality : Chaucer's Pardoner and Pandarus
Normative models for evidentiary reasoning : a preliminary survey
Social norms, nonlegal sanctions, and the law
Normae orthographicae et orthotyphicae latinae
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
Norms of the future?
Translation process and product in a multinational company : perceptions of non-professional translators
Naturalism and normativity
The madwoman's reason : the concept of the appropriate in ethical thought
What should I think, how should I feel? : the balancing of personal experiences and social norms in the outgroup attitude formation of youth
Asexuality and sexual normativity : an anthology
”In a perfect world we don’t need them or want them – but the world isn’t perfect” : the United Nations and the private arms
Norms, values, and society
Standards and norms in the English language
Mercenaries : the history of a norm in international relations
Ruskin's mythic queen : gender subversion in Victorian culture
"The Routledge Handbook of Disability Studies takes a multidisciplinary approach to disability and provides an authoritative and up-to-date overview of the main issues in the field around the world today. Adopting an international perspective and consisting entirely of newly commissioned chapters arranged thematically, it surveys the state of the discipline, examining emerging and cutting edge areas as well as core areas of contention. Divided in five sections, this comprehensive handbook covers: Different models and approaches to disability How key impairment groups have engaged with disability studies and the writings within the discipline Policy and legislation responses to disability studies and to disability activism Disability studies and its interaction with other disciplines, such as history, philosophy and science and technology studies Disability studies and different life experiences, examining how disability and disability studies intersects with ethnicity, sexuality, gender, childhood and ageing. Containing chapters from an international selection of leading scholars, this authoritative handbook is an invaluable reference for all academics, researchers and more advanced students in disability studies and associated disciplines such as sociology, health studies and social work"--Provided by publisher.
National structural steelwork specification for building construction
Unintentionally breaking the norms : problems inherent in subtitling video games
The social structure of the early Christian communities
Suitability of Standard Finnish Precast Concrete Connections for Residential Building in Russia
Family and social network : roles, norms, and external relationships in ordinary urban families
What are norms? : a study of beliefs and action in a Maya community
Characteristics of human rights norms
Keeping up appearances: Hyacinth Bucket's book of etiquette for the socially less fortunate / this book Jonathan Rice
Knut Pipping's forgotten study of a WW II infantry company and his results about soldiers' informal group norms
Normative and epistemological aspects concerning legal liability for risk-taking
Egoism, altruism, and social justice : theory and experiments on cooperation in social dilemmas
The concept of legal competence : an essay in conceptual analysis
Being mentally ill : a sociological theory
Aliens and strangers? : The struggle for coherence in the everyday lives of evangelicals
American girls : social media and the secret lives of teenagers
Religious rituals and social norms in the making of adaptive systems : empirical and theoretical synthesis on revivals in 19th century Finland
Social institutions, norms and practices
Normativity and norms : critical perspectives on Kelsenian themes
This noble land : my vision for America
This article is based on my doctoral dissertation (Mähönen 2011) on the role of personal contact experiences and perceived social norms in the outgroup attitude formation of youth. As research on qualitatively different forms of outgroup attitudes improves our opportunities to predict intergroup behaviour and improve intergroup relations, the predictors of both explicit (i.e. deliberate, consciously controlled) and implicit (i.e. spontaneous, automatically activated) outgroup attitudes of youth were addressed. In the study, the outgroup attitudes and their predictors of 14-17 year old Finnish majority youth and Russian-speaking minority youth living in Finland were examined. In the article, I discuss the Finnish attitude climate, present the main findings and contributions of the study, and offer some research ethical considerations related to the studying of ethnic intergroup relations among youth..
Summary.
Social norms, tasks and roles
Using private regulation to protect human rights in global supply chains - how can consumers enforce compliance with human rights standanrds?
2003 SAE handbook. Vol. 3, On-highway vehicles (Part II) and off-highway machinery
Routledge handbook of disability studies
Sociology of deviant behavior
Queer postcolonial narratives and the ethics of witnessing
"This edited volume is a tribute to, and a debate with, the scholarship of Walter Carlsnaes and his contribution to the study of foreign policy in both its conceptualization and application"--
Enclave spaces as embodiment of performance: case of Pilke science centre
Hierarchy of norms in international and human rights law
Commercial liquidated damages and penalty clauses
Software end-users' motivation structure : market leading photo management and editing software
Norm socialization : the formation of personal norms
Norms and values
Television and the public interest : vulnerable values in west European broadcasting
The future for social policy in a global context : why the south now needs to take the lead
Reasons for retranslating Nineteen eighty-four : an analysis of the two Finnish translations of George Orwell's classic
Marks' Standard handbook for mechanical engineers
Advocates in norm-building : gender mainstreaming in conflict resolution, peacekeeping and peace-building
The social context of nonverbal behavior
Leisurely Islam : negotiating geography and morality in Shi'ite South Beirut
The concept of jus cogens and the obligation under the U.N. charter
Fat is a feminist issue
Summaries.
Governing indigeneity globally : indigenous peoples in the United Nations
"This edited volume is a tribute to, and a debate with, the scholarship of Walter Carlsnaes and his contribution to the study of foreign policy in both its conceptualization and application.This book probes the theoretical boundaries of Foreign policy analysis, and questions orthodox understandings of the field. It examines the Agency-Structure debate, the question of how human decision-making affects the norms and institutions of international interactions (and vice versa), and analyses how the study of Foreign Policy can be applied to the European Union as a supranational entity devoid of traditional statehood. Contributors offer an in-depth discussion on the intricacies of studying foreign policy, and provide new perspectives on the standing of the EU as a foreign policy entity.Rethinking Foreign Policy will be of interest to students and scholars of International Relations, Foreign Policy, Global Governance, EU studies, and the work of Walter Carlsnaes"--
Yes! I can manage, thank you!
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
An introduction to evolutionary ethics
International trade and labor standards : a proposal for linkage
High strength concrete : supplementary rules and fire design : RakMK B4
2003 SAE handbook. Vol. 1, Metals, materials, fuels, emissions, threads, fasteners and common parts
Normative sociology
The norms of answerability : social theory between Bakhtin and Habermas
The effect of television on personal norms
Abstract (s. 191).
Looking-glass reflections : norms in translating Lewis Carroll
New studies in deontic logic : norms, actions, and the foundations of ethics
Russia : A Survival Guide to Customs and Etiquette
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
The sense of appropriateness : applications in morality and law
'Norm Struggles' explores and challenges normativity in general and heteronormativity in particular. A common trait in all chapters is the focus on contradictions, changes, disruptions and uncertainties that follow with different norms and structuring forces. The authors discuss and explore how norms are produced, and reproduced but also disrupted, subverted and changed. The chapters are based on observations from different settings such as preschools, schools, universities, factories, social welfare, popular culture, passenger ships, and the fire service. They are also based on observations from different countries - Lithuania, Canada, USA, Sweden, Finland, and Great Britain. The book presents studies of media, policies, machines, organisations, academic sexual theory, and the ongoing constructions of nations and nationalities.
The Reactions of the European Union and the United States to the January 25th, 2011 Revolution in Egypt : a Comporative Appraisal of Normative Power
Lady in the labyrinth : Milton's Comus as initiation
Person and values. Vol. 2, Selected papers
Basis of design of structures : calibration of partial safety factors
Determining the norms of science: From epistemological criteria to local struggle on organizational rules?
Linguistic violation in advertising : a descriptive study on the language of advertising with special respect to figurative language
French fire- and noise standards in Wärtsilä Power Plant projects
Norm-struggles : sexualities in contentions / editors, Lena Martinsson and Eva Reimers
Smoking geographies : space, place and tobacco
The influence of perceived social norm of cultural tolerance on attitudes towards immigrants and immigration among Finnish majority youth
Explaining norms
Undergraduate business and environmental science students' recycling behavior at an Appalachian University
The client factor : a study of clients' expectations regarding non-literary translators and the quality of non-literary translations
No! I don't need reading glasses!
"Queer Postcolonial Narratives and the Ethics of Witnessing is a critically engaged exploration of power and its relation to ethics and bodies. By revisiting and revising Judith Butler's and Homi Bhabha's queer and postcolonial theories of literary performance, McCormack expands current understandings of the performative workings of power through an embodied, multisensory ethics. That remembering is an embodied act which necessitates an undoing of one's sense of self captures how colonial and familial histories silenced by hegemonic structures may only emerge through opaque bodily sensations. These non-institutionalised forms of witnessing serve both to reconfigure theories of performativity, by re-situating the act of witnessing as integral to the workings of power, and to interrogate the current emphasis on speech in trauma studies, by analysing the multifarious, communal and public ways in which memories emerge. In Queer Postcolonial Narratives and the Ethics of Witnessing the body is reinstated as central to both the workings of and the challenges to colonial discourses"--
Regime theory and international relations
Under the North Star : notions of self and community in a Finnish village
Consumption norms and everyday ethics
Promises and lies : a theory of pre-play negotiation
Translation and norms
Translation policy of Helsinki City Library
In spite of a theory of translation : a quality assessment of a novice translation
Culture and upbringing : adaptation experiences of Somali families
International labor standards : a strategic issues brief
Guide on the maintenance of indoor electric lighting systems
Complying with the norms of translating for children : a study of F. H. Burnett's The Secret Garden and its Finnish translations
Furniture : children's cots and folding cots for domestic use. Part 2. Test methods
Enclave spaces as embodiment of performance : case of Pilke science centre
The origin of values
Uneasy possessions : the mother-daughter dilemma in French women's writings 1671-1928
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
In praise of blame
Norms in social interaction : semantic, epistemic, and dynamic
