http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7135 social norms
social norms
Cultural perspectives on higher education
The new social contract : an inquiry into modern contractual relations
Sexual and gender minorities at work
A conventionalist theory of institutions
The generality of deviance
The age of innocence
The American boy
Is shame necessary? : new uses for an old tool
Sense and sensibility
Ideals of the samurai : writings of Japanese warriors
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 10
The Learning Organisation and the Human Mind : A Comparison Between Peter Senge and Philip Pettit in Issues of Consciousness and Social Action
Language diversity and education
More than two : a practical guide to ethical polyamory
Alcohol and disinhibition : towards a theory of intoxication
Deviants and the abandoned in French society
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 1
Social inequality
Groups as epistemic communities : studies on the role of groups in forming and circulating social knowledge
Law and social norms
Smoking and social interaction
No man's land : a novel
Morphogenesis and the crisis of normativity
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 8
Social exclusion of young lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people in Europe
Moral panic and the politics of anxiety
The new institutionalism in sociology
The complexity of social norms
Essays on psychology and morality in economic analysis of law
Where have all the swearwords gone? : An analysis of the loss of swearwords in two Swedish translations of J. D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye
Nordic moral climates : value continuities and discontinuities in Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden
Practical guilt : moral dilemmas, emotions, and social norms
The rationality and morality of cooperation : the influence of own social value orientation and perceptions of other's personality characteristics on cooperation in a social dilemma
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
Black sheep : the hidden benefits of being bad
Watching the English : the hidden rules of English behaviour
A social perspective on the outgroup attitude formation of youth
The promise of happiness
This article is a revised version of a paper for the Biennial Conference of the Inter-University Seminar on Armed Forces and Society, (IUS), Chicago, 23-25 October 2009..
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 9
Basic human values in Estonia and Baltic sea countries
Sex & punishment : four thousand years of judging desire
Social norms, nonlegal sanctions, and the law
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
Listen to your mother : what she said then, what we're saying now
Response able : where is the cultural richness in Finnish silence and autonomy?
Social deviance : readings in theory and research
Watching the English
Group norms, types of problems and group compositions on group - and subsequent individual performances
What should I think, how should I feel? : the balancing of personal experiences and social norms in the outgroup attitude formation of youth
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 2
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 3
Norms and the law
'Honour' killing and violence : theory, policy and practice
"The Routledge Handbook of Disability Studies takes a multidisciplinary approach to disability and provides an authoritative and up-to-date overview of the main issues in the field around the world today. Adopting an international perspective and consisting entirely of newly commissioned chapters arranged thematically, it surveys the state of the discipline, examining emerging and cutting edge areas as well as core areas of contention. Divided in five sections, this comprehensive handbook covers: Different models and approaches to disability How key impairment groups have engaged with disability studies and the writings within the discipline Policy and legislation responses to disability studies and to disability activism Disability studies and its interaction with other disciplines, such as history, philosophy and science and technology studies Disability studies and different life experiences, examining how disability and disability studies intersects with ethnicity, sexuality, gender, childhood and ageing. Containing chapters from an international selection of leading scholars, this authoritative handbook is an invaluable reference for all academics, researchers and more advanced students in disability studies and associated disciplines such as sociology, health studies and social work"--Provided by publisher.
The social structure of the early Christian communities
Knut Pipping's forgotten study of a WW II infantry company and his results about soldiers' informal group norms
Don't do it! : a dictionary of the forbidden
Keeping up appearances: Hyacinth Bucket's book of etiquette for the socially less fortunate / this book Jonathan Rice
Egoism, altruism, and social justice : theory and experiments on cooperation in social dilemmas
Being mentally ill : a sociological theory
Organized cooperation facing law : an anthropological study
Religious rituals and social norms in the making of adaptive systems : empirical and theoretical synthesis on revivals in 19th century Finland
Inequality, tolerance, and growth
Social institutions : their emergence, maintenance and effects
This noble land : my vision for America
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 5
Social norms, tasks and roles
This article is based on my doctoral dissertation (Mähönen 2011) on the role of personal contact experiences and perceived social norms in the outgroup attitude formation of youth. As research on qualitatively different forms of outgroup attitudes improves our opportunities to predict intergroup behaviour and improve intergroup relations, the predictors of both explicit (i.e. deliberate, consciously controlled) and implicit (i.e. spontaneous, automatically activated) outgroup attitudes of youth were addressed. In the study, the outgroup attitudes and their predictors of 14-17 year old Finnish majority youth and Russian-speaking minority youth living in Finland were examined. In the article, I discuss the Finnish attitude climate, present the main findings and contributions of the study, and offer some research ethical considerations related to the studying of ethnic intergroup relations among youth..
Using private regulation to protect human rights in global supply chains - how can consumers enforce compliance with human rights standanrds?
This book explores the view that normative behaviour is part of a complex of social mechanisms, processes and narratives that are constantly shifting. From this perspective, norms are not a kind of self-contained social object or fact, but rather an interplay of many things that we label as norms when we 'take a snapshot' of them at a particular instant. Further, this book pursues the hypothesis that considering the dynamic aspects of these phenomena sheds new light on them. The sort of issues that this perspective opens to exploration include: Of what is this complex we call a "social norm" composed of? How do new social norms emerge and what kind of circumstances might facilitate such an appearance? How context-specific are the norms and patterns of normative behaviour that arise? How do the cognitive and the social aspects of norms interact over time? How do expectations, beliefs and individual rationality interact with social norm complexes to effect behaviour? How does our social embeddedness relate to social constraint upon behaviour? How might the socio-cognitive complexes that we call norms be usefully researched?
Routledge handbook of disability studies
Sociology of deviant behavior
Playing by the rules : a philosophical examination of rule-based decision-making in law and in life
Cultural norms, war and the environment
Conflict and counterpoint in lesbian, gay, and feminist studies
Software end-users' motivation structure : market leading photo management and editing software
The hours
Embodying the social : constructions of difference
Norms in the wild : how to diagnose, measure, and change social norms
The hidden goddess
Histories of the normal and the abnormal : social and cultural histories of norms and normativity
Murder in the name of honour : the true story of one woman's heroic fight against an unbelievable crime
Morality, normativity, and society
Old age : constructions and deconstructions
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 4
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 7
The recycling behavior of international exchange students : factors affecting participation
Philosophy of social science : a contemporary introduction
Men and male as the norm? : a gender perspective on innovation policies in Denmark, Finland and Sweden
A renegade history of the United States
Discourse and behavior
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
'Norm Struggles' explores and challenges normativity in general and heteronormativity in particular. A common trait in all chapters is the focus on contradictions, changes, disruptions and uncertainties that follow with different norms and structuring forces. The authors discuss and explore how norms are produced, and reproduced but also disrupted, subverted and changed. The chapters are based on observations from different settings such as preschools, schools, universities, factories, social welfare, popular culture, passenger ships, and the fire service. They are also based on observations from different countries - Lithuania, Canada, USA, Sweden, Finland, and Great Britain. The book presents studies of media, policies, machines, organisations, academic sexual theory, and the ongoing constructions of nations and nationalities.
Women of Japan and Korea : continuity and change
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 6
From ought to is : moral norms in large-scale social dilemmas
Norm-struggles : sexualities in contentions / editors, Lena Martinsson and Eva Reimers
Autonomy, oppression, and gender
Undergraduate business and environmental science students' recycling behavior at an Appalachian University
Regime theory and international relations
Promises and lies : a theory of pre-play negotiation
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 11
Fat : the anthropology of an obsession
Social deviance : testing a general theory
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
Norms in social interaction : semantic, epistemic, and dynamic
