http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7141 seals (labels)
seals (labels)
The Josef Michera collections : Roman, early Byzantine, Islamic and late medieval glass weights, vessel stamps and jetons
The management of public heraldry in Finland
A new light to the dating of the temple repository style of sealings with help of the small cushion seal from Anemospilia
Chinese seals
The Daskyleion bullae : seal images from the western Achaemenid empire
Biblical period Hebrew bullae : the Josef Chaim Kaufman Collection
Seals, sealings and tokens from Bactria to Gandhara (4th to 8th century CE)
Corpus of Indus seals and inscriptions. 1, Collections in India
Srednjeveški ženski pečati iz arhiva Republike Slovenije = Medieval women's seals in the archives of the Republic of Slovenia
Marks of distinction : seals and cultural exchange between the Aegean and the Orient (ca. 2600-1360 B.C.)
The Minoan roundel and other sealed documents in the Neopalatial Linear A administration
The middle Minoan three-sided soft stone prism : a study of style and iconography. Volume 1
Wadi Daliyeh. 1, The Wadi Daliyeh seal impressions
Persepolis seal studies : an introduction with provisional concordances of seal numbers and associated documents on Fortification Tablets 1-2087
Ancient Near Eastern glyptic in the National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne, Australia
Seal impressions on the clay tags from Lothal : a re-analysis
7000 years of seals
Sasanian seals and sealings in the A. Saeedi collection
Medieval Jewish seals from Europe
Seals of the Greater Indus Valley
Russian cloth seals in Britain : trade, textiles and origins
Corpus of Indus seals and inscriptions. 2, Collections in Pakistan
Ancient Oriental cylinder and other seals with a description of the collection of Mrs. William H. Moore
Script and seal use on Cyprus in the Bronze and Iron Ages
Corpus der minoischen und mykenischen Siegel / Band 6. Oxford the Ashmolean museum. Teil 1
Style and chronology of late Aegean seals : bulls with circular horns
Kültepe mühür baskılarında Anadolu grubu = The Anatolian group of cylinder seal impressions from Kültepe
Minoan sacrificial ritual : cult practice and symbolism
Near Eastern seals
Byzantinische Monogramme und Eigennamen : alphabetisiertes Wörterbuch = Byzantine monograms and personal names : an alphabetized lexicon
Good impressions : image and authority in medieval seals
A Sumerian motif in late Indus seals
Lead cloth seals and related items in the British Museum
Ancient Near Eastern seals from the Kist collection : three millennia of miniature reliefs
Classical gems : ancient and modern intaglios and cameos : in the Fitzwilliam Museum, Cambridge
Catalogue of the Western Asiatic seals in the British Museum. Stamp seals. 3, Impressions of stamp seals on cuneiform tablets, clay bullae, and jar handles
Sealed bottles / : Sheelah Ruggles-Brise ; with illustrations by Barbara Ashby
Arslantepe cretulae : an early centralised administrative system before writing
Swedish and Russian revenue stamped papers in the Baltic Sea provinces (Estland, Livland, Curland) 1688-1917
Cylinder seals from the collections of the Aleppo Museum, Syrian Arab Republic. 1, Seals of unknown provenience
Summary.
Taivaan poika : Kiinan viimeisen dynastian taideaarteita 4 . 6 . - 22 . 8 . 1999 = The son of heaven = treasures of the last dynasty of China
Cylinders and other ancient Oriental seals in the library of J. Pierpont Morgan
Seals and sealing practices in the Near East : developments in administration and magic from prehistory to the Islamic period : Proceedings of an international workshop at the Netherlands-Flemish Institute in Cairo on December 2-3, 2009
Corpus of West Semitic stamp seals
Cylinder seals from the collections of the Aleppo Museum, Syrian Arab Republic. 2, Seals of known provenance
Pečati grofov Celjskih : Seals of the counts of Celje
Seals and sealings from the north-west of the Indian subcontinent and Afghanistan (4th century BC - 11th century AD) : local, Indian, Sasanian, Graeco-Persian, Sogdian, Roman
New seals and inscriptions, Hebrew, Idumean, and cuneiform
Linguistic, archaeology and the human past
Matrix : a collection of British seals
Studies in Byzantine sigillography. 8
Early Dilmun seals from Saar : art and commerce in Bronze Age Bahrain
Form and order in medieval France : studies in social and quantitative sigillography
When ego was imago : signs of identity in the Middle Ages
Messages from the past : Hebrew Bullae from the time of Isaiah through the destruction of the first temple
Corpus der minoischen und mykenischen Siegel / Band 6. Oxford the Ashmolean museum. Teil 2
The Yehud stamp impressions : a corpus of inscribed impressions from the Persian and Hellenistic periods in Judah
Catalogue of seals in the Public Record Office : monastic seals. Volume 1
Islamic rings and gems : the Benjamin Zucker collection
The vocabulary of Sasanian seals
Genealogica & heraldica : report of the 16th International Congress of Genealogical and Heraldic Sciences in Helsinki 16-21 August 1984
A striped bird-lady
Seals and sealing in the ancient Near East : proceedings of the symposium held on September 2, 1993, Jerusalem, Israel
Baselines and endlines on Aegean seals
Ancient Near Eastern seals in a Danish collection
Egyptian iconography on Syro-Palestinian cylinder seals of the Middle Bronze Age
Ancient Oriental seals in the collection of Mr. Edward T. Newell
Catalogue of the Western Asiatic seals in the British Museum : cylinder seals. 3, Isrin-Larsa and Old Babylonian periods
The middle Minoan three-sided soft stone prism : a study of style and iconography. Volume 2
Aegean seals : an introduction
The cultural and historical setting of the Near East provides a unique opportunity to study a longer usage of sealing practices in administration and magic, which extends beyond the constraints of a specific time period or region. Comparing ancient practices with more recent ones can offer important insights into the development of sealing practices and provide answers to specific questions related to the handling of seals and the social status of the seal bearer. Since the initiative towards the workshop was taken by staff members of the NVIC, the focus was on Egypt but other cultures in the Near East and Central Asia were also considered. Following up on the workshop, the present volume retains the geographical and chronological scope, but added a few contributions dealing with the Greco-Roman and Byzantine periods. Glancing at the content, the reader will be struck by the diachronic and spatial persistence of the use of seals for administrative and other purposes, and by their multi-functionality.
Presents an illustrated selection of 145 historic hand and desk seals, which are mainly from Great Britain and other parts of the English-speaking world, and range from the Middle Ages to the 20th century.
The seal impressions from Tell Atchana/Alalakh
Corpus of ancient Near Eastern seals in North American collections.. Vol. 1 / The collection of the Pierpont Morgan Library ; catalogued and edited by Edith Porada ; in collaboration with Briggs Buchanan ; preface by Albrecht Goetze
Studies in the iconography of Northwest Semitic inscribed seals : proceedings of a symposium held in Fribourg on April 17-20, 1991
Birds on Aegean bronze age seals : a study of representation
The arts in prehistoric Greece
Corpus of Indus seals and inscriptions. 3, New material, untraced objects, and collections outside India and Pakistan, part 1: Mohenjo-daro and Harappa
