http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7147 land ownership
land ownership
Socio-cultural change in villages in Tiruchirapalli district, Tamilnadu, India. Part 2, No. 3, Modern period
Land ownership in the economic development of Ghana, 1945-1975
Tree and land tenure in the Eastern Terai, Nepal : a case study from the Siraha and Saptari districts, Nepal
Natives of Sarawak : survival in Borneo's vanishing forest
Decoding Domesday
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland / utgivare: Lantmäteristyrelsen, Geografiska sällskapet i Finland = Atlas of Finland / publishers: National Board of Survey, Geographical Society of Finland. Vihko = Häfte = Folio 151-152 (1990), Maankäyttö, maanomistus, kiinteistönmuodostus = Markanvändning, markägande, fastighetsbildning = Land use, land ownership, real estateformation
Land claims in Alaska : the problem of ANCSA
New seeds in old soil : a study of the land reform process in Western Wollega, Ethiopia 1975-76
Land investments, accountability and the law : lessons from West Africa
The covenants with earth and rain : exchange, sacrifice, and revelation in Mixtec sociality
Multidimensional change in the Republic of Sudan (1989-2011) : reshaping livelihoods, conflicts, and identities
Forty days without shadow
Land rights now : the aboriginal fight for land in Australia
Questions about land control have invigorated thinkers in agrarian studies and economic history since the nineteenth century. 'Exclusion', 'alienation', 'expropriation', 'dispossession', and 'violence' animate histories of land use, property rights, and territories. More recently, agrarian environments have been transformed by processes of de-agrarianization, urbanization, migration, and new forms of primitive accumulation. Even the classic agrarian question of how the social relations of agriculture will be influenced by capitalism has been reformulated at critical historical moments, reviving or producing new debates around the importance of land control. The authors in this volume focus on new frontiers of land control and their active creation. These frontiers are sites where established power relationships are challenged by new enclosures and property regimes, producing new social and environmental dynamics in their stead. Contributors examine labor and production processes engaged by new configurations of actors, new agrarian and environmental subjects and the networks connecting them, and new legal and violent means of challenging established or imminent land controls. Overall we find that land control still matters, though in changed degrees and manners. Land control will continue to inspire struggles for a long time. This book was originally published as a special issue of the Journal of Peasant Studies. -- back cover
Calling the station home : place and identity in New Zealand's high country
Public land in the Roman Republic : a social and economic history of Ager Publicus in Italy, 396-89 BC
Property rights
The struggle for land : a political economy of the pioneer frontier in Brazil from 1930 to the present day
Agrarian reform & agrarian reformism : studies of Peru, Chile, China and India
Agrarian reform in theory and practice : a study of the Lake Titicaca region of Bolivia
The survival of the Hessian nobility, 1770-1870
The process of land nationalization in Ethiopia : land nationalization and the peasants
Institutions in transition : land ownership, property rights, and social conflict in China
Land ownership in Palestine 1880-1948
Butterworths property law handbook
European Union accession and land tenure data in Central and Eastern Europe
Women of the English nobility and gentry, 1066-1500
Land and society in Britain, 1700-1914 : essays in honour of F.M.L. Thompson
Lords of the land : the war over Israel's settlements in the occupied territories, 1967-2007
Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo tudi guanlifa = Land administration law of the People's Republic of China
Land in Dār Fūr : charters and related documents from the Dār Fūr sultanate
Land law reform in Eastern Africa : traditional or transformative? : a critical review of 50 years of land law reform in Eastern Africa,1961-2011
Land reform under structural adjustment in Zimbabwe : land use change in the Masonaland provinces
3D cadastre in an international context : legal, organizational, and technological aspects
Manifesting America : the imperial construction of U.S. national space
Forest tenure in Sweden : a historical perspective
"Branding the land": Maasai responses to resource tenure insecurity and social change
Law and anthropology
"Land Law Reform in East Africa reviews development and changes in the statutory land laws of 7 countries in Eastern Africa over the period 1961-2011. The book is divided into two parts. Part 1 sets up the conceptual framework for consideration of the reforms, and pursues a contrast between transformational and traditional developments; where the former aim at change designed to ensure social justice in land laws, and the latter aim to continue the overall thrust of colonial approaches to land laws and land administration. Part 2 provides an in-depth and critical survey of the land law reforms introduced into each country during the era of land law reform which commenced around 1990. The overall effect of the reforms has, Patrick McAuslan argues, been traditional: it was colonial policy to move towards land markets, individualisation of land tenure and the demise of customary tenure, all of which characterise the post 1990 reforms. The culmination of over 50 years of working in this area, Land Law Reform in East Africa will be invaluable reading for scholars of land law, and of law and development more generally."--
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
The decline of serfdom in late medieval England : from bondage to freedom
Land and power in Ptolemaic Egypt : the structure of land tenure
This land is my land : contested layers of land ownership in Te Whanganui-a-Tara Wellington
Time-limited interests in land
The great African land grab? : agricultural investments and the global food system
Land rights and the right to culture
European Land Law
Finance and tenancy : the partitioned farm-firm and portfolio behavior
Governing land for women and men : a technical guide to support the achievement of responsible gender-equitable governance of land tenure
Hill and Redman's law of landlord and tenant
Domesday book : a complete translation
"Considers the contributions of philosophical theories of property rights, political obligation, and self-determination to our moral understanding of political control over geographical space. Focuses on American Indian and other indigenous claims to a separate political status, including potentially to full legal independence"--Provided by publisher.
Introduction to land law
Indigenous peoples and land tenure
Market versus administrative reallocation of agricultural land in a period of rapid industrialization
The ideas in Barotse jurisprudence
"Drawing on an original survey of more than 5,000 respondents, this book argues that, contrary to claims by the 1994 Zapatista insurgency, indigenous and non-indigenous respondents in southern Mexico have been united by socioeconomic conditions and land tenure institutions as well as by ethnic identity. It concludes that--contrary to many analyses of Chiapas's 1994 indigenous rebellion--external influences can trump ideology in framing social movements. Rural Chiapas's prevalent communitarian attitudes resulted partly from external land tenure institutions, rather than from indigenous identities alone. The book further points to recent indigenous rights movements in neighboring Oaxaca, Mexico, as examples of bottom-up multicultural institutions that might be emulated in Mexico and elsewhere in Latin America"--Provided by publisher.
Urban land markets in Asia : the role of private developers and guidelines on public acquisition of land
Coping with resource scarcity : case studies from Tanzania and the Sudan
Modern studies in property law. volume 3
The global land grab : beyond the hype
Land as a financial asset: studies in theoretical and real trends
The land cries out : theology of the land in the Israeli-Palestinian context
Property and wealth in classical Sparta
The new law of land registration
Land rights and investment treaties : expoloring the interface
Property in East Central Europe : notions, institutions, and practices of landownership in the twentieth century
Rural property tax systems in Central and Eastern Europe
Re-distribution from above : the politics of land rights and squatting in costal Kenya
A history of the land law
Land reform and politics : a comparative analysis
Grain marketing and land reform in Ethiopia : an analysis of the marketing and pricing of food grains in 1976 after the land reform
Land, power and technology : essays on political economy and historical development
Limited liability and the existence of share tenancy
On customary law among the Saami people
Politics, identity, and Mexico's indigenous rights movements
Powers of exclusion : land dilemmas in Southeast Asia
Land tenure and rural development
FAO land tenure policy series
Land use rights and gender in Ovamboland, North- Central Namibia, since the 1930s
Real property and real people : principles of land law
Community warriors : state, peasants, and caste armies in Bihar
The landgrabbers : the new fight over who owns the planet
Foncier rural, ressources renouvelables et développement en Afrique : rapport de synthèse = Rural land tenure, renewable resources and development in Africa : synthesis
Specialization without regret : transfer rights, agricultural productivity, and investment in an industrializing economy
Adversary politics and land : the conflict over land and property policy in post-war Britain
Socio-economic studies of two villages : Esanakorai and Peruvalanallur, Lalgudi Taluk
Regulatory takings : law, economics and politics
Technological stagnation, tenurial laws and adverse selection
Rural sociology in India
An appraisal of land management policies and real estate development in Finland and Nigeria
Peasants into farmers? : the transformation of rural economy and society in the Low Countries (Middle Ages-19th century) in light of the Brenner debate
The economic theory of agricultural land tenure
Peace agreements and human rights
Irish land and British politics : tenant-right and nationality 1865-1870
Popular movements and state formation in revolutionary Mexico : the agraristas and cristeros of Michoacán
Law in transition
The Raj, nationalists & reforms ; land, law and government, Orissa, 1912-1939
National atlas of India. Vol. 7, [Social and regional maps]
Land and labor in Europe 1900-1950 : a comparative survey of recent agrarian history
In the first volume in this new series on Roman society and law, Saskia T. Roselaar traces the social and economic history of the ager publicus, or public land. As the Romans conquered Italy during the fourth to first centuries BC, they usually took land away from their defeated enemies and declared this to be the property of the Roman state. This land could be distributed to Roman citizens, but it could also remain in the hands of the state, in which case it was available for general public use. However, in the third and second centuries BC growth in the population of Italy led to an increased demand for land among both commercial producers and small farmers. This in turn led to the gradual privatization of the state-owned land, as those who held it wanted to safeguard their rights to it. Roselaar traces the currents in Roman economy and demography which led to these developments.
Communal land rights and peace-building in North Kordofan : policy and legislative challenges
Challenging social inequality : the landless rural worker's movement and agrarian reform in Brazil
Are we entitled to our land? : a study of six informal settlements
Between rights and drought : socio-poltical perspectives of water scarcity in a Moroccan oasis
Land law in comparative perspective
The women's land rights movement, customary law and religion in Tanzania
Civil society and the uncivil state : land tenure reform in Egypt and the crisis of rural livelihoods
Contested Historical and Geographical Narratives: Succession disputes, contested land ownership and religious conflicts in Northern Ghana
Suomen kartasto = Atlas of Finland. Appendix 151-152 (1990), Land use, land ownership, real estateformation
Rural societies and environments at riskecology, property rights and social organisation : ecology, property rights and social organisation in fragile areas (Middle Ages-twentieth century)
Landless and hungry? : access to land in early and traditional societies : proceedings of a seminar held in Leiden, 20 and 21 June, 1996
Contexts of property in Europe : the social embeddedness of property rights in land in historical perspective
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Socio-cultural change in rural villages in Tiruchirapalli district, Tamilnadu, India. Part 2, No. 2, Modern period
Land and freedom : the MST, the Zapatistas and peasant alternatives to neoliberalism
Landholding and land transfer in the North Sea area (late Middle Ages-19th century)
Modern studies in property law. Volume 4
Encounter on the Great Plains : Scandinavian settlers and the dispossession of Dakota Indians, 1890-1930
Evolution and technical efficiency of land tenure systems in Ethiopia
Women, land and justice in Tanzania
Persistence and transformation in the Eastern Hindu Kush : a study of resource management systems in Mehlp Valley, Chitral, North Pakistan
Land conflicts, land utopias
Governing indigenous territories : enacting sovereignty in the Ecuadorian Amazon
"Landlords" and imperial rule: change in Bengal agrarian society c 1885-1940. Volume 1
Aboriginal title : the modern jurisprudence of tribal land rights
Becoming campesinos : politics, identity, and agrarian struggle in postrevolutionary Michoacán, 1920-1935
Mining and indigenous lifeworlds in Australia and Papua New Guinea
Improving gender equity in access to land
State and society : social exclusion and inclusion in Nepal
Work, family & community builders : Finnish immigrant women on the homestead (1895-1945)
Representation, poverty and PRA in the Mekong Deltan
For the common good : the Bohemian land law and the beginning of the Hussite revolution
Forest products annual market review 2015-2016
Owning the earth : the transforming history of land ownership
Mapping how we use our land : using participatory action reseach
The History of the Church of Abingdon is one of the most valuable local histories produced in the twelfth century. It provides a wealth of information about, and great insight into, the legal, economic, and ecclesiastical affairs of a major monastery. Charters and narrative combine to provide a vital resource for historians. The present edition, unlike its victorian predecessor, is based on the earliest manuscript of the text. A modern English translation is provided on facing pages, together with extensive introductory material and historical notes.
Tenant right and agrarian society in Ulster, 1600-1870
Effects of land tenure and property rights on agricultural productivity in Ethiopia, Namibia and Bangladesh
Serfdom and social control in Russia : Petrovskoe, a village in Tambov
Art in America
Rural Russia under the old régime : a history of the landlord-peasant world and a prologue to the peasant revolution of 1917
Gentle coercion : the state and the undermining of the Norwegian coastal peasantry
The urge to mobilize : agrarian reform in Russia, 1861-1930
Cheshire and Burn's modern law of real property
Innovations in land rights recognition, administration, and governance
Land administration guidelines : with special reference to countries in transition
The land problem in the developed economy
Historia Ecclesie Abbendonensis = The history of the Church of Abingdon
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
Accountability in Africa's land rush : what role for legal empowerment?
Land tenure reform in Asia and Africa : assessing impacts on poverty and natural resource management
Remaking the world : myth, mining, and ritual change among the Duna of Papua New Guinea
Bengal 1920-1947. Vol.1, The land question
Leasehold enfranchisement
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 6, Property and trust
The land question and European society since 1650
The Anglo-Saxon chancery : the history, language and production of Anglo-Saxon charters from Alfred to Edgar
The Russian landed gentry and the peasant emancipation of 1861
Sowiet land and housing law : a historical and comparative study
Aboriginal land claims in Canada : a regional perspective
Our landed heritage : the public domain, 1776-1970
Agricultural investments and land acquisitions in Mali : context, trends and case studies
National atlas of India. Vol. 6, [Agricultural & economic maps]
The legal framework of English feudalism : the Maitland lectures given in 1972
Land reform in principle and practice
Defying the law of the land : agrarian radicals in Irish history
The politics of magnate power in England and Wales, 1389-1413
Land, landlords, and the British Raj : northern India in the nineteenth century
Land and racial domination in Rhodesia
Indigenous land rights in Peru
Land reform in developing countries : the role of the state and other actors
Resource rebels : native challenges to mining and oil corporations
Land, mobility, and belonging in West Africa
Forest products annual market review 2014-2015
Good governance in land tenure and administration
Land and labour : studies in Roman social and economic history
Rural poverty remains widespread and persistent in South Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa. A group of leading experts critically examines the impact of land tenure reforms on poverty reduction and natural resource management in countries in Africa and Asia with highly diverse historical contexts.
Reveals the impact of Tanzania's land law reforms and the ways in which women's rights to land ownership have been overridden in spite of law.
Aboriginal title and indigenous peoples : Canada, Australia, and New Zealand
Land and nationalism in fictions from Southern Africa
Breaking the ice : from land claims to tribal sovereignty in the Arctic
The public lands : studies in the history of the public domain
Long-term outcomes of agricultural investments : lessons from Zambia
Our theology does not exist in a vacuum but must relate to the world we inhabit and must influence our moral and ethical actions. This is especially true when discussing theology of "the land" in the context of a violent territorial conflict. The Holy Land has seen so much bloodshed that the earth itself is crying out to God. The chapters presented in this book form a unique collection of voices speaking from different perspectives on the issue of the theology of the land. These voices include Messianic Jewish and Palestinian Christian theologians and scholars who live in the Holy Land, as well as others from around the world. The various chapters reflect a wide spectrum of opinion and reveal how much disagreement still exists among followers of Christ. However, the dialogue generated by having these opposing voices side by side, speaking to each other rather than past each other, is encouraging. This book is both challenging and inspirational, and contributes in an innovative way to this important discussion.
In agrarian economies arable land is the most important form of property and productive resource, so that access to land defines the political and social status of a member of society. This paper examines changes in property and particularly land use rights in North-Central Namibia, paying special reference to gender inequality in access to land. The problem is approached by exploring the coping strategies of widowed and divorced persons after the dissolution of their marriage. Where property rights and gender inequality have traditionally been investigated on the basis of administrative records, survey data or oral information, this paper approaches such problems from a new perspective, through life histories of the Christian population transcribed from parish registers of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia. Linking of the parish register data to anthropological, ethnographic, socio-economic and cultural information markedly widens our scope for discussing rights over communal lands. The paper shows that remarriage was a real solution for many widows and divorced women in the 1930s and 1940s if they were at the best childbearing age. A dramatic decrease in the remarriage rate occurred from the mid-1950s onwards, however, which was related to socio-economic changes in society.
Land and tree tenure in humid West Africa : a bibliography
Land and society in colonial Mexico : the great hacienda
Land grabbing and global governance
Land policy : planning and the spatial consequences of property
Lex Licinia Sextia de modo agrorum : fiction or reality?
Contested lands : land disputes in semi-arid parts of northern Tanzania : case studies of the Loliondo and Sale Divisions in the Ngorongoro District
Decolonising indigenous rights
Betrayed trust : Africans and the state in colonial Natal
The political uncommons : the cross-cultural logic of the global commons
Ownership, authority, and self-determination
Agrarian change, gender and land reform : a South African case study
Gender and access to land
The politics of land distribution and race relations in Southern Africa
New frontiers of land control
Compulsory purchase practice : guidelines on public land acquisition methods in Africa
Valuation of ecosystem services for assessment of cost of deforestation, and analysis of its drivers with implications for sustainable forest management in Ghana
