http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7146 partitioning of land
partitioning of land
Modern rice technology and income distribution in Asia
African tears : the Zimbabwe land invasions
Income distribution, inflation and growth : lectures on structuralist macroeconomic theory
The rocky road to reform : adjustment, income distribution, and growth in the developing world
The public landscape of the new deal
Peasants versus city-dwellers : taxation and the burden of economic development
Growing unequal? : income distribution and poverty in OECD countries
Income distribution and tax, and government social spending policies in developing countries
Land reform in principle and practice
Income distribution in less developed countries
Gender and development. Vol. 1, Theory and classics
Incomes and the welfare state : essays on Britain and Europe
Economic development in the Third World
Productive men, reproductive women : the agrarian household and the emergence of separate spheres in the German Enlightenment
The allotment movement in England, 1793-1873
The division of labour in post-industrial societies
Inequality and poverty re-examined
Delinking : towards a polycentric world
Handbook of income distribution. Vol. 1
Mothers for life : motherhood and marginalization in the North central province of Sri Lanka
Whiteness in Zimbabwe : race, landscape, and the problem of belonging
Land-use planning as inter-organizational learning
"E. Wayne Nafziger analyzes the economic development of Asia, Africa, Latin America, and East-Central Europe. The book is suitable for those with a background in economics principles. Nafziger explains the reasons for the recent fast growth of India, Poland, Brazil, China, and other Pacific Rim countries, and the slow, yet essential, growth for a turnaround of sub-Saharan Africa. The fifth edition of the text, written by a scholar of developing countries, is replete with real-world examples and up-to-date information. Nafziger discusses poverty, income inequality, hunger, unemployment, the environment and carbon-dioxide emissions, and the widening gap between rich (including middle-income) and poor countries. Other new components include the rise and fall of models based on Russia, Japan, China/Taiwan/Korea, and North America; randomized experiments to assess aid; an exploration of whether information technology and mobile phones can provide poor countries with a shortcut to prosperity; and a discussion of how worldwide financial crises, debt, and trade and capital markets affect developing countries"--Provided by publisher.
Cultivating gender : meanings of place and work in rural Vietnam
The golden fleece of the Cape : capitalist expansion and labour relations in the periphery of transnational wool production c. 1860-1950
Social indicators : the EU and social inclusion
Social indicators are an important tool for evaluating a country's level of social development and for assessing the impact of policy. Such indicators are already in use in investigating poverty and social exclusion in several European countries and have begun to play a significant role in advancing the social dimension of the European Union as a whole. The purpose of this book is to make a scientific contribution to the development of social indicators for the purposes of European policy-making. It considers the principles underlying the construction of policy-relevant indicators, the definition of indicators, and the issues that arise in their implementation, including that of the statistical data required. It seeks to bring together theoretical and methodological methods in the measurement of poverty/social exclusion with the empirical practice of social policy. The experience of Member States is reviewed, including an assessment of the National Action Plans on Social Inclusion submitted for the first time in June 2001 by the fifteen EU governments. The key areas covered by the book are poverty, including its intensity and persistence, income inequality, non-monetary deprivation, low educational attainment, unemployment, joblessness, poor health, poor housing and homelessness, functional illiteracy and innumeracy, and restricted social participation. In each case, the book assesses the strengths and weaknesses of different indicators relevant to social inclusion in the European Union, and makes recommendations for the indicators to be employed. Indicators for Social Inclusion in the European Union is being published at a critical stage in the evolution of the social agenda of the European Union. It is hoped that the report will play a role in widening public debate about the social dimension of Europe and that it will be of value to the social partners, to non-governmental and grass roots organizations, and to those living in poverty and social exclusion. It seeks to provide both a constructive background document at a crucial juncture in the evolution of the social dimension of the European Union and a reference work of continuing value.
Trade, knowledge and income distribution
Essays on poverty, risk and consumption dynamics in Ethiopia
Land reform in Russia : institutional design and behavioral responses
An inquiry into well-being and destitution
The no-nonsense guide to world poverty
Rising wealth inequality and changing social structure in rural China, 1988-95
The debate on the origins of modern gender norms continues unabated across the academic disciplines. This book adds an important and hitherto neglected dimension. Focusing on rural life and its values, the author argues that the modern ideal of separate spheres originated in the era of the Enlightenment. Prior to the eighteenth century, cultural norms prescribed active,interdependent economic roles for both women and men. Enlightenment economists transformed these gender paradigms as they postulated a market exchange system directed exclusively by men. By the early nineteenth century, the emerging bourgeois value system affirmed the new civil society and the market place as exclusively male realms. These standards defined women's options largely as marriage and motherhood.
Land reform in Russia 1906-1917 : peasant responses to Stolypin's project of rural transformation
Beyond tears : Zimbabwe's tragedy
Economic aspects of regional welfare : income distribution and unemployment
Globalisation and the postcolonial world : The new political economy of development ; Ankie Hoogvelt
The effects of international remittances on poverty, inequality, and development in rural Egypt
Gender segregation in the labour market : root causes, implications and policy responses in the EU
Gender and development. Vol. 4, Aspects of culture and health
Effects of WTO membership on income distribution and labour movement in China : a CGE analysis
Employment, income distribution and development strategy : problems of the developing countries : essays in honour of H. W. Singer
Working time : research and development 1995-1997 : a review of literature (1995-1997) commissioned by the European Commission and the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions
Land ownership inequality and the income distribution consequences of economic growth
Gender and development. Vol. 3, Natural resource use, microfinance, labour and migration
On the distribution of income in Scandinavia
Tiv farm and settlement
Growth, inequality, and poverty : prospects for pro-poor economic development
Growth, structural change and inequality : the experience of Thailand
The farm family business
OECD reviews of rural policy : Finland
Gender and development. Vol. 2, Policy and practice
A role for common property institutions in land redistribution programmes in South Africa
Nordic regions in profile
Flows of pumps : structure and change in the international division of labour
The fragmented state : the political geography of power
Agricultural research and technology in economic development : the impact of agricultural research and modern technology on food production, economic growth and income distribution in developing countries
The structure of socialist society
Income and welfare : a study of income as a component of welfare in the Scandinavian countries in the 1970s
Household incomes in the Scandinavian countries : a multivariate analysis
Economic development, poverty, and income distribution
Executive summary (s. 9-11).
The rural-urban divide economic disparities and interactions in China
Families, labour markets and gender roles : a report on a European research workshop
War, hunger and flight : the political economy of humanitarian emergencies
Income distribution policy in developing countries : a case study of Korea
The anthropological study of class and consciousness
The law of allotments
Increased income inequality in OECD countries and the redistributive impact of the government budget
Portrait of the regions. Volume 4, Austria, Finland, Sweden, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, Switzerland
The rural landscape
Abstract: The functional structure, division of labour and development of Finnish ports.
The enclosure maps of England and Wales, 1595-1918
The distribution of assets in transitional economies
Land, labour and diet in northern Rhodesia : an economic study of the Bemba tribe
The nature of mass poverty
The study of welfare state regimes
Regions of the Baltic states
Power, labor, and livelihood : processes of change in rural Java
The territories of the Russian Federation : 2006.
Globalization, technology, and income inequality : a critical analysis
Dictionary of GIS terminology
Changing division of labour within the family and the responses of pension policy
Income poverty in advanced countries
Land policy in colonial Algeria : the origins of the rural public domain
The great land rush and the making of the modern world, 1650-1900
