http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7156 vaudeville
vaudeville
Vaudeville melodies : popular musicians and mass entertainment in American culture, 1870-1929
Singles collection. Vol. 1, 1926-1937
Sounds of the metropolis : the nineteenth-century popular music revolution in London, New York, Paris, and Vienna
The royalty of Negro vaudeville : the Whitman Sisters and the negotiation of race, gender and class in African American theater, 1900-1940
The last "darky" : Bert Williams, black-on-black minstrelsy and the African diaspora
That's got 'em! : the life and music of Wilbur C. Sweatman
If you enjoy popular music and culture today, you have vaudeville to thank. From the 1870s until the 1920s, vaudeville was the dominant context for popular entertainment in the United States, laying the groundwork for the music industry we know today. Nicholas Gebhardt introduces us to the performers, managers, and audiences who turned disjointed variety show acts into a phenomenally successful business. First introduced in the late nineteenth century, by 1915 vaudeville was being performed across the globe, incorporating thousands of performers from every branch of show business. Its astronomical success relied on a huge network of theatres, each part of a circuit and administered from centralized booking offices. Gebhardt shows us how vaudeville transformed relationships among performers, managers, and audiences, and argues that these changes affected popular music culture in ways we are still seeing today. Drawing on firsthand accounts, Gebhardt explores the practices by which vaudeville performers came to understand what it meant to entertain an audience, the conditions in which they worked, the institutions they relied upon, and the values they imagined were essential to their success
American popular entertainments : jokes, monologues, bits, and sketches
The illustrated Victorian songbook
God bless Tiny Tim
The comic offense from Vaudeville to contemporary comedy : Larry David, Tina Fey, Stephen Colbert, and Dave Chappelle
The Vaudeville songbook : the story, stars and 50 songs of vaudeville
Vaudeville : from the Honky-Tonks to the Palace
Rytmiä veressä : There's no business like show business
"The Comic Offense from Vaudeville to Contemporary Comedy examines how contemporary writer/performers are influenced by the comedic vaudevillians of the early 20th century. By tracing the history and legacy of the vaudeville era and performance acts, like the Marx Brothers and The Three Keatons, and moving through the silent and early sound films of the early 1930s, the author looks at how comic writer/performers continue to sell a brand of themselves as a form of social commentary in order to confront and dispel stereotypes of race, class, and gender. The first study to explore contemporary popular comic culture and its influence on American society from this unique perspective, Rick DesRochers analyzes stand-up and improvisational comedy writing/performing in the work of Larry David, Tina Fey, Stephen Colbert, and Dave Chappelle. He grounds these choices by examining their evolution as they developed signature characters and sketches for their respective shows Curb Your Enthusiasm, 30 Rock, The Colbert Report, and Chappelle's Show"--.
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
For me and my gal : original motion picture soundtrack
Tony Pastor presents : afterpieces from the vaudeville stage
The little shadows : a novel
American vaudeville : its life and times
Fascinating rhythm 1922-1935
Popular theatre : a sourcebook
Grace, beaty and banjos
Farce and fantasy : popular entertainment in eighteenth-century Paris
Glamour and glitter lp 653.
The Heibergs and the theater : between vaudeville, romantic comedy and national drama
The voice of the city : vaudeville and popular culture in New York
The evangelist and the impresario : religion, entertainment, and cultural politics in America, 1884-1914
