http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7158 cabarets
cabarets
High kicks : the essential guide to working as a dancer
The cabaret
Popular musical theatre in London and Berlin
"In this richly detailed exploration of Shanghai's night life, Andrew Field strips off glamorous cliches to weave together a complex and compelling tale of cabaret culture as a contested space of modernity caught in a constellation of unrelenting and contradictory social, economic and political forces." -- Christian Henriot, Senior Fellow, Institut d'Asie Orientale, Institut Universitaire de France.
Bar Utopia : a big band cabaret
Theatre is evil
Sounds of the metropolis : the nineteenth-century popular music revolution in London, New York, Paris, and Vienna
Audition songs for female singers : Cabaret songs
The bullet trick
Sings Cole Porter
Dance and dancers in the Victorian and Edwardian music hall ballet
The collection
Ghetto tango : Wartime Yiddish theater
The last "darky" : Bert Williams, black-on-black minstrelsy and the African diaspora
Drag queens at the 801 Cabaret
A dream turns sour
Sing the songs of Frank Loesser : low voice : professional cabaret arrangements for singer and jazz trio of piano, bass, and drums
In the decades before the Second World War, popular musical theatre was one of the most influential forms of entertainment. This is the first book to reconstruct early popular musical theatre as a transnational and highly cosmopolitan industry that included everything from revues and operettas to dance halls and cabaret. Bringing together contributors from Britain and Germany, this collection moves beyond national theatre histories to study Anglo-German relations at a period of intense hostility and rivalry. Chapters frame the entertainment zones of London and Berlin against the wider trading routes of cultural transfer, where empire and transatlantic song and dance produced, perhaps for the first time, a genuinely international culture. Exploring adaptations and translations of works under the influence of political propaganda, this collection will be of interest both to musical theatre enthusiasts and to those interested in the wider history of modernism
A night at the magic mirror tent
Here I am human!
Inside the minstrel mask : readings in nineteenth-century blackface minstrelsy
Sing the songs of Frank Loesser : high voice : professional cabaret arrangements for singer and jazz trio of piano, bass, and drums
Cabaret songs : audition songs for female singers
Mud will be flung tonight!
Music hall : performance and style
The Vaudeville songbook : the story, stars and 50 songs of vaudeville
Shanghai's dancing world : cabaret culture and urban politics, 1919-1954
Cabaret songs : for medium voice and piano. Volumes 1 and 2
Audition songs for female singers : cabaret songs : ten great songs ideal for auditions
Cabaret performance : sketches, songs, monologues, memoirs. Volume 1, Europe 1890-1920
"It was thanks to its cabarets that Old Shanghai was called the P̀aris of the Orient.' No one has studied the rise and fall of those cabarets more extensively than Andrew Field. His book is packed with fascinating information and attests on every page to his understanding of Shanghai's history." -- Lynn Pan, author of Sons of the Yellow Emperor.
The essential Marlene Dietrich
Kindly leave the stage! : the story of variety 1919-1960
Cockatoo Prison
But one day
Nachtwandler (1901) : for soprano, piccolo, trumpet in F, snare drum and piano
Cabaret Songbook : Piano, vocal, guitar
The thousand and one lives of Ute Lemper : a trilingual portrait : a film by Valerie Esposito = Erfolgreich gegen den Strom = Les milles et une vies d'Ute Lemper
Ghetto tango : wartime Yiddish theater
The best of Ute Lemper
Cabaret performance : sketches, songs, monologues, memoirs. Vol. 2, Europe 1920-1940
Na also! Goodbye : Georgette Dee singt Brecht
Performing arts : a guide to practice and appreciation
September songs : the music of Kurt Weill : the soundtrack of a film by Larry Weinstein
Cockatoo prison
Dance your way to fitness : [step-by-step fun and flirty ways to a fabulous figure]
The Gorey End
Cabaret songs : for voice and piano
Chic with cheek at the Moulin Rouge
Leila J. Rupp and Verta Taylor take us on an entertaining tour through one of America's most overlooked subcultures: the world of the drag queen. They offer a penetrating glimpse into the lives of the 801 Girls, the troupe of queens who perform nightly at the 801 Cabaret for tourists and locals.
Polish humour
Cabaret Berlin: revue, kabarett and film music between the wars
"Books about Old Shanghai routinely refer in passing to the city's legendary cabarets and dance halls. Now, for the first time, historian Andrew Field provides us with a scholarly, accessible and detailed look at these establishments, showing us not just what they meant to globe-trotters and members of the local Chinese and Western elites but also to the people who worked in them. Making use of a dizzying array of familiar and little-known sources, ranging from archival documents to feature films and fiction, his book provides the most comprehensive picture to date of the entertainment venues that played an important role in the development of the most famous - and infamous - of China's treaty ports." -- Jeffrey N. Wasserstrom, author of Global Shanghai, 1850-2010 and co-founder of the "China Beat" blog.
Farce and fantasy : popular entertainment in eighteenth-century Paris
Cabaret songs complete : volumes 1-4 for medium voice and piano
Cabaret songs : for medium voice and piano. Volumes 3 and 4
Na also! - goodbye : Georgette Dee singt Brecht
Drawing upon a unique and untapped reservoir of newspapers, magazines, novels, government documents, photographs and illustrations, this book traces the origin, pinnacle, and ultimate demise of a commercial dance industry in Shanghai between the end of the First World War and the early years of the People's Republic of China. Delving deep into the world of cabarets, nightclubs, and elite ballrooms that arose in the city in the 1920s and peaked in the 1930s, the book assesses how and why Chinese society incorporated and transformed this westernized world of leisure and entertainment to suit its own tastes and interests. Focusing on the jazz-age nightlife of the city in its "golden age," the book examines issues of colonialism and modernity, urban space, sociability and sexuality, and modern Chinese national identity formation in a tumultuous era of war and revolution.
Who killed Amanda Palmer
The Marlene Dietrich collection : 20 golden greats
Turn-of-the-century cabaret : Paris, Barcelona, Berlin, Munich, Vienna, Cracow, Moscow, St. Petersburg, Zurich
Music of the Kabarett : the songs of Berlin between the wars
Popular theatre : a sourcebook
