http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7150 meat
meat
Genetics of skeletal muscle characteristics and maximal walking speed among older female twins
Effects of concentrate level and rapeseed meal supplementation on performance, carcass characteristics, meat quality and valuable cuts of Hereford and Charolais bulls offered grass silage-barley-based rations
Shelf life of meat and meat products : quality aspects, chemistry, microbiology, technology
Butchering, processing and preservation of meat
Meat products handbook : practical science and technology
Abstract.
The buffering capacity of porcine muscles
Ostrich meat and slaughter course
An attempt to enhance neurogenesis of mdx mice via aerobic exercise and myostatin inhibition
A randomised complete block design was used to study the effects on animal performance of (1) the increasing level of supplementary concentrate with grass silage (GS), and (2) feeding GS and concentrates separately or as a total mixed ration (TMR). A feeding experiment comprised 32 dairy bulls with average initial live weight of 145 kg. The feeding treatments were: (1) GS (660 g kg-1 dry matter intake) plus medium level of rolled barley (330) offered separately, (2) GS (660) plus medium level of rolled barley (330) offered as TMR, (3) GS (330) plus high level of rolled barley (660) offered separately, and (4) GS (330) plus high level of rolled barley (660) offered as TMR. During the experiment (398 days) the bulls were fed ad libitum either GS or TMR. The increasing concentrate level increased energy intake, carcass gain and dressing proportion of the bulls but had no effects on carcass conformation or fat score. TMR feeding had no effects on carcass gain, dressing proportion, carcass conformation or fat score but increased dry matter and energy intake compared to the separate feeding.
The effect of diet on the meat quality of dairy bulls
Acute incremental endurance performance and explosive strength training period : muscle activity, acid-base balance and hormonal responses
The use of additives in meat products throughout Europe : necessity, customs, legislation = Die Verwendung von Zusatzstoffen in fleischerzeugnissen Quer durch Europa : Notwendigkeit, Tradition, Gesetzgebung
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
Meat smoking and smokehouse design
Living with muscular dystrophy : illness experience, activities of daily living, coping, quantity of life and rehabilitation
Meat science and applications
The face on your plate : the truth about food
Marketing Suggestions for Sichuan Hai Dilao Catering Company, China
The effects of pig breed (Large White and Landrace) in combination with muscle type (M. semimembranosus and M. longissimus dorsi) on T45min, T24h, pH45min, pH24h, colour (CIEL*a*b* values), water-holding capacity (filter paper press method: ratio of the area of pressed meat film - M and the wet area on the filter paper - T; M/T value) and moisture, protein, total fat and total ash content were investigated. Interaction effect between breed and muscle was not found (p>0.05) for any parameter. The T45min, T24h, pH45min, and M/T value were influenced by the muscle, whereas T24h was also influenced by the breed. The pH45min was higher (p<0.01) and water-holding capacity was better (p<0.001) in M. semimembranosus muscle than in M. longissimus dorsi muscle. Based on the criteria for CIEL* and M/T values, pork meat was classified into seven technological quality classes. The percentages of pale and exudative, reddish-pink and exudative, and reddish-pink and non-exudative pork were 23.5, 26.5, and 27.7%, respectively. Composition was in the characteristic range for modern lean pigs.
Summary of the results of the Uruguay Round in the meat sector : special annex to the international markets for meat 1994/95
Processed meats : improving safety, nutrition and quality
Optimal inter-stimulus interval for interpolated twitch technique when using double pulse stimulation
The effect of concentrate level and concentrate composition on the  performance of growing dairy heifers reared and finished for beef  production
Effect of lactic acid on the meat quality properties and the taste of pork Serratus ventralis muscle
Beef today
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
The effects of muscle history on short latency stretch response of Soleus muscle
Meat Microbiology
Handbook of meat and meat processing
World animal science. B 3, Meat science, milk science and technology
Neuromuscular aspects of sport performance
Charcuterie : the craft of salting, smoking, and curing
Modern garde manger : a global perspective
The utilization of poultry breast muscle of different quality classes
The objective of this study was to determine beef production traits of purebred Holstein-Friesian (Hol) and Hol×beef breed crossbred bulls. The data collected from slaughterhouses included observations of 87323 purebred Hol, 783 Hol×Aberdeen angus (Hol×Ab), 621 Hol×Blonde d'Aquitaine (Hol×Ba), 562 Hol×Charolais (Hol×Ch), 349 Hol×Hereford (Hol×Hf), 1691 Hol×Limousin (Hol×Li) and 570 Hol×Simmental (Hol×Si) bulls. For estimating valuable cuttings also a separate dataset was collected and included observations of 8806 purebred Hol, 57 Hol×Ab, 29 Hol×Ba, 22 Hol×Ch, 15 Hol×Hf, 111 Hol×Li and 58 Hol×Si bulls. Crossbreeding Hol cows with late maturing breeds (Ba, Ch, Li, Si) had favorable effects on carcass gain, conformation and proportion of high value joints of the progeny when compared to purebred Hol bulls. No advantages in proportion of valuable cuttings seemed to be obtained by crossbreeding with Ab or Hf breeds, while the improvements in gain and conformation were intermediate compared to the late maturing crossbreds.
Meat, poultry & game
Determination of phylloquinone and menaquinones in foods by HPLC
Is it all about the price? : reasons for the small market shares of organic meat and meat products in Austria
Lawrie's meat science
Improving the safety of fresh meat
Anatomy and physiology of farm animals
Motor control of fast voluntary elbow movements : exercise-induced muscle damage and soreness and learning interventions
New developments in meat refrigeration
Abstracts : 50th International Congress of Meat Science and Technology, August 8-13, 2004, Helsinki, Finland
Animal biotechnology and the quality of meat production : papers presented at an OECD workshop held in Melle, Belgium, 7-9th November, 1990
Encyclopedia of meat sciences. Vol. 2, [G-O]
Microbiology of meats
Intramyocellular topography of lipid droplets and OXPAT in obesity and type II diabetes
Technological quality and composition of the M. semimembranosus and M. longissimus dorsi from Large White and Landrace Pigs
Meat freezing : a source book
Muscle and meat biochemistry
Consumer selection of vegetarian food in restaurants
Streamlined inspection system : broiler chicken
Charlie Trotter's meat & game
Leiths meat bible
Cointegration analysis of Finnish prices of beef and pork
The presence of respiratory pathways in lactic acid bacteria (LAB) involved in meat spoilage
Olympia Provisions : cured meats and tall tales from an American charcuterie
Stretch reflex modulation during exercise and fatigue
Economic modelling of pork production-marketing chains
Effect of supplemental vitamin E on the performance of growing-finishing pigs fed stored versus freshly harvested barley and on the storage stability and eating quality of frozen pork
Monocarboxylate transporters and heat shock proteins in domestic pigs in relation to stress and meat quality
Meat and meat products : technology, chemistry and microbiology
The science of meat and meat products
Evaluation of carcass and meat quality in cattle and sheep
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
The purpose of this research is to provide insight into the export competitiveness of meat products of the European Union (EU-27) member states on global markets. The revealed comparative advantage index is used to analyze the levels, compositions, and evolutions in patterns of development in the export competitiveness of meat products and their levels of stability at the product level. Except for some niche meat products, a larger number of the EU-27 member states have experienced comparative disadvantages on global markets over the analysed years of 2000 to 2011. The revealed comparative advantages on the global markets are the most robust for Ireland, Spain, the Netherlands, France, Belgium, Denmark, Poland, Cyprus and Hungary. The revealed comparative advantage indices and their survival rates differ across the meat product groups. The heterogeneity in export competitiveness of the EU-27 member states suggests the importance of the differentiation of meat products in competitive export specialization on global markets.
41st Annual reciprocal meat conference of the American Meat Science Association in cooperation with the National Live Stock and Meat Board : University of Wyoming, Laramie, Wyoming, June 12-15, 1988.
Manly food
Franklin barbecue : a meat-smoking manifesto
Organic meat production in the '90s : proceedings of a conference held at Reading University 22 September 1989
Poultry diseases and meat hygiene : a color atlas
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
Principles of meat science
Manual on simple methods of meat preservation
Good Housekeeping New Step-by-step Cookbook
The literature review dealt with the principles and methods for the evaluation of the quality of raw meat and meat product in different aspects. The factors influencing the quality of meat products were also involved. A new type of muscular dystrophy in broiler Musculus pectoralis, wooden breast, has been found in broilers. The dystrophy results in fibrinogenesis and thus local hardening in the muscle, but poses no health risk in human consumption. The aim of the study was to explore the maximal percentage of wooden breast that can be used in the meat products without causing a perceived quality defect. In the preliminary tests, wooden breast was incorporated with normal meat in different percentages to make sausage and chicken nuggets. Different methods of comminuting were also applied in the processing of wooden breast. The quality of the products was evaluated through the measuring in different aspects. Comparison was made between normal products and products containing wooden breast, so that a maximal addition percentage of wooden breast was obtained. The results of the preliminary test were later verified in the pilot plant. The addition of wooden breast increased the shear force and binding strength of the sausage and finely chopped chicken nuggets but resulted little change on the shear force and binding strength of the ground chicken nuggets. The pH, redness, and yellowness of all types of products declined with the wooden breast treatment. Lightness of the products was increased by wooden breast. Through the verification in the pilot plant, sausage and two types of chicken nuggets allow the addition of wooden breast to replace at least 15% and 30% of the lean meat in the recipe, respectively. Due to the low incidence of the dystrophy, that high additions will not be necessary in the practice.
Combinatorial and independent effects of exercise and myostatin/activin blocking on muscle gene expression profiling
Body by you : the you are your own gym guide to total fitness for women
Improving the quality of dry-cured sausages using pork from rustic breeds
Butchery and sausage-making for dummies
Meat, poultry and game : fift supplement to the fift edition of McCance and Widdowson's The Composition of Foods
Encyclopedia of meat sciences. Vol. 3, [P-Z]
Physiological and processing factors affecting broiler Musculus pectoralis shear values and tenderness
Neuromuscular adaptations to single-session combined strength and endurance training in untrained men : an examination of the order effect
Encyclopedia of meat sciences. Vol. 1, [A-F]
Classical cooking : the modern way : methods and techniques
Sodium reduction in cooked meat products by using commercial potassium phoshate mixtures
When Aaron and Stacy Franklin opened up a small barbecue trailer on the side of an Austin, Texas, interstate in 2009, they had no idea what they'd gotten themselves into. Today, Franklin Barbecue has a national reputation and several major barbecue awards. Now the authors share years' worth of hard-won knowledge and the secrets behind truly great barbecue. This resource for the backyard pitmaster includes chapters dedicated to building or customizing your own smoker; finding and curing the right wood; creating and tending perfect fires; sourcing top-quality meat; and of course, cooking mind-blowing, ridiculously delicious barbecue.
Expression of tissue proteinases and regulation of protein degradation as related to meat quality
Muscle development of livestock animals : physiology, genetics, and meat quality
Hunt, gather, cook : finding the forgotten feast
USDA/FSIS Microbiology laboratory guidebook. Chapter 33, Detection of antimicrobial residues in meat and poultry tissue by screen tests
Muskeltopographie der Schlachtkörper = Muscular topography of carcasses
Analysis of the Pork Market in China and its Opportunities
Lihaluujauho kauran lannoitteena : teurastamoteollisuuden sivutuote lannoitteeksi = Meat and bone meal as fertilizer for oats : from slaughter house waste to fertilizer
Sensory design of easy-to-chew food for elderly : ingredients and manufacturing conditions with focus on meat and carrot : literature review
Myostatin and related proteins on the control of skeletal muscle mass and capillary density
Impacts of reducing red meat consumption on agricultural production in Finland
Advanced hygiene for meat processing : course workbook
Liikkumisvaikeuksia ennustavat puristusvoiman raja-arvot : predicting 11-year incidence of mobility and adl limitations and mortality with suggested hand-grip strength cut-points in older adults
Game cookery
Demand and supply of pork and beef in Finland
The omnivore's dilemma : the search for a perfect meal in a fast-food world
The application of HACCP to the handling of meat and poultry in retail food stores, foodservice establishments, and households
Research advances in the quality of meat and meat products
Effects of maturation and physical activity on muscle mass and strength in prepubertal girls during two-year follow-up
Psychophysiology of flow experience : an explorative study
Meat science
Food science and product technology
Effects of ageing on Achilles tendon properties and triceps surae muscle architecture in vivo
Electrical continuous flow heating of meat and other foods : a literature review
Meat quality and fatty acid profile of M. longissimus dorsi of growing bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions
Effects of post-workout supplements and resistance training on serum metabolome, muscle strength and muscle hypertrophy
Meat 88 : proceedings of industry day : part of the 34th international congress of meat science and technology : hosted by C.S.I.R.O meat research laboratory and the livestock and meat authority of Queensland : 31 August, 1988, Brisbane, Australia
Meathooked : the history and science of our 2.5-million-year obsession with meat
Efficient livestock handling : the practical application of animal welfare and behavioral science
Strategies for improving quality of meat produced from lambs and goats in Norway and in Tanzania - influences of species, breed, sex age and diet
Fascicle-tendon interaction in v2 skate cross-country skiing : a case study
Intervention study measuring thickness of the Transversus abdominis muscle in young adults with sub-acute low back pain by Ultrasound Imaging
Meat quality and meat packaging
A comparison of purebred Holstein-Friesian and Holstein-Friesian × beef breed bulls for beef production and carcass traits
THE MARKET POTENTIAL OF SINO-FINLAND TRADING: EXPORTING FINNISH PORK TO HUBEI CHINA
This paper summarises the simulated effects on Finnish agricultural production and trade of a 20% decrease in Finnish demand for red meat (beef, pork, lamb). According to our results, reduced red meat consumption would be offset by increased consumption of poultry meat, eggs, dairy products and fish, as well as small increases in consumption of fruits and vegetables, peas, nuts, cereal products and sweets. By including the derived demand changes in an agricultural sector model, we show that livestock production in Finland, incentivised by national production-linked payments for milk and bovine animals, would decrease by much less than 20% due to the complex nature of agricultural production and trade. Overall, assuming unchanged consumer preferences and agricultural policy, a 20% reduction in red meat consumption is not likely to lead to a substantial decrease in livestock production or changed land use, or greenhouse gas emissions, from Finnish agriculture.
The relationship between stretching and physical performance in middle-aged adults : a cross-sectional study
Meat quality traits for Holstein-Friesian (HF), Norwegian Red × Holstein-Friesian (NR) and Jersey × Holstein-Friesian (JE) cattle reared to slaughter as two genders (bulls and steers) and 2 slaughter weights (570 kg and 640 kg) were compared. Adipose tissue from JE was more yellow (p<0.05) than HF or NR which were similar. There was no difference between breeds and no breed-related interactions for chemical composition, cook loss or instrumental tenderness of longissimus thoracis et lumborum muscle (LT). When adjusted for differences in lipid concentration, LT from NR-sired animals tended to be less red (p=0.058) and LT from JE-sired animals had a lower hue (p<0.05). Substitution of NR or JE for HF sires in the dairy herd will not have important effects on LT characteristics in the production systems examined but the more yellow carcasses from JE-sired cattle may limit their suitability for markets with a carcass fat colour specification.
Assessment of physical activity in normal daily life using shorts with embedded EMG electrodes
Effects of supplementary concentrate level and separate or total mixed ration feeding on performance of growing dairy bulls
The effect of nutrition on physiological responses of resistance training in muscle and blood in young men
Meat cooking the healthy way
The objective of the present study was to compare the colour, chemical composition, meat quality and fatty acid profile of the longissimus dorsi (LD) muscle of growing bulls housed in an insulated tie-stall, an uninsulated barn or a forest paddock. Two housing experiments were conducted at the North Ostrobothnia Research Station of MTT Agrifood Research Finland in Ruukki (64°44'N, 25°15'E). The first experiment was conducted from November 1999 to October 2000 and comprised 30 Hereford bulls, the second from November 2000 to December 2001 with 30 Ayrshire bulls. In both experiments the bulls were divided into six groups of five animals according to live weight and the groups were randomly allotted to one of three treatments: tie-stall in an insulated barn (IB bulls, ten animals/individual stall), uninsulated barn (UB bulls, five animals/pen, two pens) and forest paddock (PAD bulls, five animals/paddock, two paddocks). Nine carcasses from experiment 1 (three/treatment) and twelve from experiment 2 (four/treatment) were randomly selected for meat quality analyses. After slaughter, the carcasses were cooled for 24h at 2 °C and LD samples were taken by complete cross-section between the 12th and 13th ribs. The results were calculated across the two experiments and analysed as one data. There were no differences between housing environments in temperature or pH of the LD or meat moisture, fat or protein composition of the LD. Instead, the myoglobin content of the LD was 21% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). Between IB and UB bulls there was no difference in meat myoglobin content and there were no significant (p < 0.05) differences between housing environments in the colour of the LD. However, the muscle tended to be 6% lighter (L-value) in IB bulls than in PAD bulls (p = 0.09). There were no significant differences in shear force or sensory analysis (tenderness, juiciness, overall flavour) between treatments. The LD of the PAD bulls contained a higher proportion of 18:2 and 18:3 fatty acids compared to that of IB bulls (p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in the saturated fatty acid (SFA) or monounsaturated fatty acid proportions of the LD between treatments. Instead, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) proportion of the LD was 34% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). The PUFA:SFA ratio was higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05) but there was no difference in the PUFA:SFA ratio between UB and IB bulls. In conclusion, there were no important effects of housing system on the meat quality characteristics of the LD, although according to meat fatty acid profiles, outdoor housed bulls produced meat with a higher PUFA:SFA ratio than tethered bulls in an insulated barn.
Proteinaholic : how our obsession with meat is killing us and what we can do about it
Poultry meat hygiene and inspection
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Electrical stimulation and hot boning : effects on meat quality attributes
Production, carcass characteristics and valuable cuts of beef breed bulls and heifers in Finnish beef cattle population
The science of meat quality
Handbook of meat processing
The relationship of oxidative and glycolytic capacity of longissimus dorsi muscle to meat quality when different pig breeds and crossbreeds are compared
Radioactivity of game meat in Finland after the Chernobyl accident in 1986 : supplement 7 to annual report STUK-A55
Energy cost of individual lower leg muscles in walking : comparison between young and elderly men at different walking speeds
Proceedings of the 55th Reciprocal Meat Conference of the American Meat Science Association in cooperation with the National Cattlemen's Beef Association and Cattlemen's Beef Board : July 28-30, Michigan State University
Rapid methods in meat microbiology : advantages and drawbacks
Basic butchering of livestock & game
The effect of ageing and physical activity level on muscle fatigue during isometric contraction of knee extensor muscles
Core muscle activity in OLKI Control exercise system and in three conventional abdominal exercises : a pilot study
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
The use of pork from rustic pig breeds was tested to improve the quality of dry-cured fermented sausages. The quality of a salchichon/salami-type sausage manufactured with pork from Chato Murciano breed (CM) and Early White pig (EW) (Large White x Landrace breed) was compared. CM pork improved several quality characteristics of dry-cured fermented sausage. Significant (p . 0.05) differences between mean CM and EW values were found for total lipids, ash, collagen, water activity, total acidity, CIELab colour, proteolysis, fat acidity, fatty acid profile, total viable counts, lactic acid bacteria, Micrococacceae, moulds and yeasts, colour, odour, flavour, fattiness and acceptance. CM mainly intensified the reddening of sausage cuts and increased monounsaturated acids in fat. Acceptance was also better for CM, although odour and flavour were only slightly improved. The production of high-quality specialities of dry-cured meat products can contribute to the sustainable production of CM and similar rustic pig breeds, maintaining the genetic diversity of pig species.
Animal welfare and meat production
The effect of ammonium ferric hexacyanoferrate on reducing radiocaesium transfer from grass silage to sheep
"Preface. The consumption of red meat and meat products has a long history in most cultures. Meat is a source of nutrients, as well as a sign of wealth in some countries. Various techniques have been developed in different parts of the world over the centuries to preserve meat for extended shelf life and enjoyment. Even nonedible parts of animals are used for various reasons. Thus, meat, meat products, and by-products are important to our daily life. In the past three decades, many books on the science and technology of meats and meat products have been published. Many of these books are useful reference texts and well received by professionals in the meat industries, academia, and the government. Meat Science and Applications is one such example. It was published in 2001 by the then Marcel Dekker of New York. A decade later, the current publisher, CRC Press, is releasing a second edition of the book with a new title Handbook of Meat and Meat Processing. The change in title reflects the expansion of coverage in depth and breadth from the first edition, as illustrated in the table of contents of this book. Apart from updating materials in the first edition, the new edition contains 51 chapters instead of 27. This second edition is divided into six parts. Part I covers an overview of the meat processing industries in the United States followed by chapters on muscle biology, meat composition, and chemistry. Part II covers meat attributes and characteristics such as color, flavor, and analyses. Part III describes the primary processing of meat, including antemortem and postmortem slaughter, carcass evaluation, religious status, and so on. Part IV discusses the principles and applications in the secondary processing of meat, for example, breading, curing, and fermentation"--
Food animal pathology and meat hygiene
Saltiness of coarsely ground cooked ham with reduced salt content
The game cookbook
Cookwise : the hows and why of successful cooking
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
Effects of dietary rapeseed meal and peas on the performance and meat quality of broilers
Sarcolemmal excitability after eccentric exercise in man
Muscle : fundamental biology and mechanisms of disease
Factors affecting the microbial quality of meat. 3, Cutting and further processing
Journal of muscle foods
Muscle histochemical properties of different pig breeds in relation to meat quality
The fair lady cookbook
The River Cottage meat book
Stretching anatomy
Composition of meat in relation to processing, nutritional and sensory quality : from farm to fork
Stabilization strategies of the lumbar spine in vivo
Motor unit activation and force production during eccentric, concentric and isometric actions
Multi-step beef ration optimisation : application of linear and weighted goal programming with a penalty function
Meat science : an introductory text
Handbook of muscle foods analysis
Structural basis of water-holding in meat
The presence of respiratory pathaways in lactic acid bacteria (LAB) involved in meat spoilage
The manual of manufacturing meat quality
Curing technology for cooked pig meat products : an update
Wild sweets chocolate : savory, sweet, bites, drinks
Elimination of pathogenic organisms from meat and poultry : proceedings of the international symposium: Prevention of Contamination, and Decontamination in the Meat Industry, Zeist, The Netherlands, 2-4 June 1986
Vertical market integration and competition : the meat sector in Slovenia
Individual and combinatory effects of voluntary wheel running and sActRIIB-Fc administration on redox-balance in mdx mice
Cardio-respiratory and neuromuscular responses to motocross race
Game meat hygiene in focus : microbiology, epidemiology, risk analysis and quality assurance
Effect of porcine stress on the development of PSE meat, its characteristics and influence on the economics of meat products manufacture
The objectives of this experiment with Hereford (Hf) and Charolais (Ch) bulls offered grass silage-based diets were to determine the effects on performance, carcass traits and meat quality of the proportion of concentrate in the diet, and the inclusion of rapeseed meal (RSM) in the barley-based concentrate. The two concentrate proportions were 200 and 500 g kg-1 dry matter, fed without or with RSM. The Ch bulls tended to achieve higher gain, produced less fat, had a higher percentage of meat from high-priced joints and had a lower degree of marbling in their meat compared to the Hf bulls. Dry matter and energy intakes, growth performance and carcass conformation improved with increasing concentrate level. Intake parameters and conformation improved more with the Ch bulls than with the Hf bulls as a consequence of increased concentrate allowance. RSM had only limited effects on the performance, carcass traits or meat quality.
The meat buyers guide
Factors affecting the microbial quality of meat. 4, Microbial methods for the meat industry : proceedings of a meeting held at "Het Pand" Conference Centre, Gent, Belgium 14 -16 October 1996
Effects of muscle action type on corticospinal excitability and triceps surae muscle-tendon mechanics
Planned beef production and marketing
Salt sugar smoke : how to preserve fruit, vegetables, meat and fish
Biochemical basis for boar taint
Pig meat quality : influence of breed, RN genotype and environment
Effects of resistance training frequency on muscle strength, activity and mass during a 24-week intervention in the elderly
The objective of the experiment was to study the performance, carcass traits and meat quality of purebred Aberdeen Angus (Ab) and Limousin (Li) bulls and Ab×Li crossbred bulls offered grass silage-grain-based rations and raised to heavy carcass weights. The experiment included eight bulls in all breed groups. The average slaughter age for all breeds was 540 days and the mean carcass weights for the Ab, Ab×Li and Li bulls were 391, 399 and 439 kg, respectively. Significant breed differences in carcass traits and meat quality were observed. The Limousin bulls tended to achieve a higher conformation score, produced less fat and had a higher percentage of valuable cuts compared with the Aberdeen Angus bulls. The crossbred Ab×Li bulls produced better conformed carcasses and a higher share of the rounds compared to the pure Ab bulls which indicate that this type of crossbreeding can enhance beef production under the studied conditions.
Effects of chemotherapy and blocking activin receptor signaling on skeletal muscle size, oxidative capacity and function
Effects of combined different day endurance and strength training on cardiorespiratory and neuromuscular performance in untrained men and women
"Featuring twenty new chapters reflecting current interest and updating safety and quality standards and regulations, this second edition of an industry reference covers state of the art science, technology, and applications of meat products, by-products, and meat processing as well as worker safety, waste management, slaughtering, carcass evaluation, meat safety, and animal handling issues, both national and international. New topics include beef and raw meat preservation, Jewish and Muslim slaughter and preservation rules, the use of non-meat ingredients, and newly popular processing methods such as emulsion, deboning, marination, and breading"--
Microbial ecology of food commodities
CAP working notes : 1995. Meat
Inactivity is an independent health risk : objectively measured muscle activity and inactivity during normal daily life of ordinary people
The aim of this paper is to present the method and tool for optimisation of beef-fattening diets. Changes in policy environment and changes in costs of feed pose challenges for farm efficiency. We construct a spreadsheet from two modules based on mathematical deterministic programming techniques. In order to obtain an estimate of the magnitude of costs that may be incurred, the first module utilizes a linear program for least-cost ration formulation. The resulting value is then targeted as a cost goal in the second module. This is supported by weighted goal programming with a penalty function system. The approach presented here is an example of how a combination of mathematical programming techniques might be applied to prepare a user-friendly tool for "optimal" ration formulations. We report results that confirm this approach as useful, since one is able to formulate a least-cost ration without risking a decrease in the ration's nutritive value or affecting the balance between nutrients.
Food safety and international competitiveness : the case of beef
Colour of subcutaneous adipose tissue and colour and tenderness of the longissimus thoracis et lumborum muscle from Holstein-Friesian, Norwegian RedxHolstein-Friesian and JerseyxHolstein-Friesian cattle slaughtered at two live weights as bulls or steers
Meat and fish management
Effect of breed on production, carcass traits and meat quality of Aberdeen Angus, Limousin and Aberdeen Angus×Limousin bulls offered a grass silage-grain-based diet
Gene expressions of SREBP-2, PPARδ, MYH7 and blood lipid changes induced by stretch-shortening cycle exercise
Calpain activity in postmortem muscle and its involvement in meat tenderzation = Calpain-aktivitet i post mortem muskel og dens innvirkning på mørning av kjøtt
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
Composition and cross-sectional area of muscle fibre types in relation to daily gain and lean and fat content of carcass in Landrace and Yorkshire pigs
"The Science of Meat Quality looks at the development of quality meat products from the physiological processes that result in meat development through to final consumption of meat products. Each chapter opens with theoretical foundations to meat science practices alongside methodologies for measuring quality in relation specific aspects of meat and also provides the necessary tools to interpreting information gleaned from quality experimentation. The Science of Meat Quality will be an essential purchase for all animal and meat scientists concerned with the production of quality meat products"--
"This book provides an in-depth study of the development of quality meat products, from the physiological processes that result in meat development through to final consumption of meat products. Each chapter opens with theoretical foundations to meat science practices alongside methodologies for measuring quality in relation to specific aspects of meat. Providing the necessary tools to interpret information gleaned from quality experimentation, this book is an essential purchase for all animal and meat scientists concerned with the production of quality meat products"--
Meat 40-fies the quality of life : : The Hague, August 28 - September 2, 1994 : 40th International Congress of Meat Science and Technology
Optimization of cardiomyocyte differentiation of human pluripotent stem cells
Animal food production
Thornton's meat hygiene
Poultry meat processing
The effectiveness of 12 months' intensive shoulder strength training on disability, health-related quality of life and shoulder function after rotator cuff repair
This new title in the Encyclopaedia of Sports Medicine Series from the Medical Commission of the International Olympic Committee presents in one volume the latest information on neuromuscular function in sport and exercise. Chapters combine basic mechanistic knowledge with true applications; Topics covered include neuromuscular fatigue, neuromuscular training, and musculoskeletal loading, and special chapters examine recently developed research methodologies used during natural locomotion: high speed ultrasonography (US) and transmagnetic electrical stimulation (TMES). An important addition to the reference collections of biomechanists, sports medicine specialists, sport scientists, and graduate students in these areas, this volume is also appropriate for advanced level coaches and sport physiotherapists.
Muscle mechanics during human movement revealed by in vivo measurements of tendon force and muscle length
Ethics of animal use
The objective of the present study was to determine growth and carcass traits of beef breed bulls and heifers in the Finnish beef cattle population. The data collected from Finnish slaughterhouses included observations of 6323 and 2385 Hereford (bulls and heifers, respectively), 4421 and 1794 Charolais, 4335 and 1951 Limousin, 4068 and 1692 Aberdeen Angus, 2151 and 774 Simmental, 344 and 147 Blonde d'Aquitaine animals. For estimating valuable cuttings, a separate dataset including in total 1112 bulls and 260 heifers was also collected. Significant breed differences were observed in growth performance, carcass traits and retail product yield. The later maturing, Continental beef breeds seem to reach higher carcass gains, produce less fat and have more valuable cuts than the earlier maturing British beef breeds. The later maturing beef breeds tend to have carcass traits that suit well in the Finnish beef production system.
Good practices for the meat industry
Meat export competitiveness of European Union countries on global markets
Effect of plant phenolics and protein and lipid oxidation in cooked pork meat patties
Bovine muscle glycogen concentration in relation to diet, slaughter and ultimate beef quality
Expression of lactate transporters MCT1, MCT2, MCT4 and the ancillary protein CD147 in horse muscle and red blood cells
In this work was evaluated the effect of lactic acid treatment method in pork Serratus ventralis muscle on meat quality parameters pH, color, weight loss, cooking loss, hardness, and taste.  The treatment was performed by immersing the sample in lactic acid solutions at two concentrations (1 and 3% v v⁻¹) for 1 and 3 min., immediately the samples were stored at 4 °C during 7 days. The taste was evaluated employing trained and untrained judges.  Only hardness, weight loss and cooking loss, were affected by lactic acid concentration (p<0.05). The perception of lactic acid taste to trained judges was higher in samples of major concentration and immersion time. To untrained judges the sample treated with 3% lactic acid for 1 minute, had the best acceptation. Both judges reported that the taste of meat was delicious. Therefore, lactic acid treatment may be an alternative to extend pork shelf life.
Choice cuts: [...] : meat production in ancient Egypt
Induced pluripotent stem cell-derived disease model for catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia
Revealing the paradoxes of horsemeat : the challenges of marketing horsemeat in Finland
Effects of a 5-day bed rest on muscle size, T2-relaxation and neuromuscular function
Tyldesley & Grieve's muscles, nerves and movement in human occupation
199 things to eat
Processed meats
Handbook of fermented meat and poultry
Energy expenditure and muscle activity in active and passive commute among elderly
The venison cook : 106 imaginative recipes
Microbiology handbook : meat products
Michael Symon's carnivore : 120 recipes for meat lovers
Explores the world's meat cultures and traditions to share insights into why a craving for animal protein evolved in humans and why vegetarian lifestyles are so difficult to maintain despite health warnings.
Microbiological analysis of red meat, poultry and eggs
Handbook of food products : meat and meat products
Wilson's practical meat inspection
Relationship of breast fillet deboning time to shear force, pH, cooking loss and color in broilers stunned by high electrical current
Applications and stability of mechanically deboned meat
Women in the European meat sector : the 1st International Workshop "Women meet women in meat"
Muscle co-activation and ground reaction forces during stair walking in old and young women
Power-type strength training in middle-aged men and women
Fish consumption : human health effects and decision making
Performance, meat quality and litter quality were determined in 4000 male and female Ross 308 broilers fed on starter diet (soybean meal or rapeseed meal and peas) and grower-finisher diets based on either soybean meal (control) or substituting rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal and pea in different proportions (100/0%, 75/25% or 50/50%) for soybean meal in iso-nitrogenous basis. Performance of the birds fed with soybean meal diets was superior compared to that of the birds fed with rapeseed meal and pea based diets. Bird performance was the poorest and mortality the highest for the birds fed with the rapeseed meal grower diet. In this experiment birds did not reach performance target for the age and strain of bird. Overall, diet based solely on rapeseed meal protein is not suitable for broiler production. However, dietary rapeseed meal inclusion clearly improved fatty acid profile of breast meat. The omega-6/omega-3-ratio was 4.1, 2.4 and 2.7 for soybean meal, rapeseed meal, and rapeseed meal and peas based diets, respectively. There were no differences in sensory quality evaluation of breast meat between the treatments..
Physiological responses to daily repeated prolonged walking
Seitan and beyond : gluten and soy-based meat analogues for the ethical gourmet
The meat handbook
"An award-winning journalist and blogger's guide to foraging, fishing, hunting--and making the most of the fruits of a day spent gathering food in the field. If there is a frontier beyond organic, local, and seasonal, beyond farmers' markets and sustainably raised meat, it surely includes hunting, fishing, and foraging your own food. A lifelong angler and forager who became a hunter late in life, Hank Shaw has chronicled his passion for hunting and gathering in his widely read blog, Hunter Angler Gardener Cook, which has developed an avid following among outdoor people and foodies alike. Hank is dedicated to finding a place on the table for the myriad overlooked and underutilized wild foods that are there for the taking--if you know how to get them. In Hunt, Gather, Cook, he shares his experiences both in the field and the kitchen, as well as his extensive knowledge of North America's edible flora and fauna. With the fresh, clever prose that brings so many readers to his blog, Hank provides a user-friendly, food-oriented introduction to tracking down everything from sassafras to striped bass to snowshoe hares. He then provides innovative ways to prepare wild foods that go far beyond typical campfire cuisine: homemade root beer, cured wild boar loin, boneless tempura shad, Sardinian hare stew--even pasta made with handmade acorn flour. For anyone ready to take a more active role in determining what they feed themselves and their families, Hunt, Gather, Cook offers an entertaining and delicious introduction to harvesting the bounty of wild foods to be found in every part of the country"--
Neuromuscular adaptation of conscripts during an 8-week military basic training period in Finnish winter conditions
Broilerinlihan mureuttaminen : kirjallisuusosa ; Kolmen eri mureutusmenetelmän vertailu broilerin rintalihaksen (M. pectoralis superficialis) mureuttamisessa : kokeellinen osa = Tenderization of broiler meat : litterary part ; Comparison of three methods in tenderizing broiler breast meat (M. pectoralis superficialis) : experimental part
Two levels of MCT1 and CD147 expression in the equine red blood cells and muscle
