http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7153 dance sport
dance sport
Slowfox
Latin devotion : ...from the Latin soul
That's ballroom!
Step-by-step dance class : dance yourself fit with the beginner's guide to all the dances from the show
The Ultimate... Ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 7, "Beautiful things"
Super Latin. Vol. 2, 21 original Latin hits
Dancebeat : Latin sensation
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 10, Hip hip chin chin
The ultimate... Latin album. 8, Satisfy my soul
Super Latin : 22 original latin hits
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 16, "Temptation"
Which way to the ballroom?
The latin mix. 4.
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. [1]
Just dance 2 : extra songs : Wii
The Latin mix. 4, Bryan Watson & Carmen
Mad about dance
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 14, "L'Italiano"
Brazil : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing : Karina, Dimitri
Just dance kids : Wii
Giants of Latin : the Walter Laird Rhythms
Vivo latino : best of latin music
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 16, "Everytime we touch"
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 14, Victor & Anna
Latein collection
The latin mix. 3
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 11, Jonathan & Katusha
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 17, Emanuel & Tania
Masters of modern. 13.
That's danceable. Vol. 2, Latin
Coach education : preparation for a profession : proceedings of the VIII Commonwealth and International Conference on Sport, Physical Education, Dance, Recreation and Health : conference '86 Glasgow 18-23 July
Groovy sounds
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 11, "Two of a kind"
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 15, "Reaching for the moon"
Strictly ballroom - kielletyt askeleet : special edition
World of Standardtänze. Vol. 2.
Jump and jive : original hits
The best samba : collection of Dancelife
Tiki Tiki : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing. Martino & Michelle
Latin aerobic workout
The ballroom mix
Breakdancing
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 15, "The shadow of your smile"
The technique of ballroom dancing
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for dancing and listening. 5, "Bang Bang"
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 3.
Ballroom : culture and costume in competitive dance
Dance choreography for competitive gymnastics
Technique of ballroom dancing
The best of V. waltz / p. doble / jive : collection of Dancelife
Latin dance : workout for beginners and beyond
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 17, "For you"
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 4.
Moments for two : Songs for ballroom lovers
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 18, "The way you look tonight"
Latin boogalú : original hits for latin dancing. Vol. 21.
It's time for cha-cha : original hits
Four dance subcultures : a study of non-professional dancers ́socialization, participation motives, attitudes and stereotypes
Sports illustrated figure skating : championship techniques
Ballroom, boogie, shimmy sham, shake : a social and popular dance reader
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 13, Jonathan & Katusha
Rumba collection
The Latin mix. 5.
The pocket guide to ballroom dancing
Dance instruction : science applied to the art of movement
Dance your way to fitness : [step-by-step fun and flirty ways to a fabulous figure]
Ancona open ballroom. 5.
World of Standardtänze. Vol. 2
Latin nights : 44 tropical hits for Latin dancing
Fiesta for two : songs for latin lovers : original hits for latin dancing : Tonja & Ralf
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 1.
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 14, "Don't stop the music"
World masters voice. 2, Standard and latin dances
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 13, "All or nothing at all"
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 12, Alan & Donna
Latin classics. Vol. 1.
Zumba fitness. 2 : Wii
