http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7157 shows
shows
High kicks : the essential guide to working as a dancer
Politeness phenomena in the Selina Scott show
Snake oil, hustlers and hambones : the American medicine show
Riverdance : music from the show
Ladies and gentlemen - Lenny Bruce!!
Production management : making shows happen
Staging stigma : a critical examination of the American freak show
Osmo's Cosmos : 70's rock'n'roll show
Michael Flatley's Feet of flames
Blackface minstrelsy in Britain
Irving Berlin's show business
Ziegfeld : the man who invented show business
U2 Show
The drag king book
The followspot guide
Drag queens at the 801 Cabaret
Apples
Monty Python live (mostly) : one down five to go : at the O2 London
Ethnic drag : performing race, nation, sexuality in West Germany
U2 show
The squickerwonkers
Showtunes
Show music on record : the first 100 years
Dave Chappelle's block party / directed by Michel Gondry ; director of photography Ellen Kuras
Taylor the talent show fairy
How to talk dirty and influence people : an autobiography
Live & kicking : the rock concert industry in the nineties
The mystifying medicine show
Love and theft : blackface minstrelsy and the American working class
Kindly leave the stage! : the story of variety 1919-1960
The changing room : sex, drag and theatre
Peepshows : a visual history
My life outside the ring
Live audio: the art of mixing a show
Sorrow of the earth : Buffalo Bill, Sitting Bull and the tragedy of show business
Showtime! : Over 75 ways to put on a show
Monster trucks
The text, a savvy mix of interviews and theory, contains important insights on the notion of female masculinities as exhibited by the drag king scene. The photographs of drag kings in London, New York, and San Francisco showcase these exuberant performers with an appropriate sense of admiration. They include posed studio shots, live action pictures, as well as the intimate images of drag kings dressing up and practicing their looks. The book celebrates the most important new developments on the New York and San Francisco club scene.
Guide to producing a fashion show
Private talk in public : a case study on a talk show in Finnish television
Colors versus shapes
All together now : a documentary film
Riverdance : Music from Riverdance the show
Buffalo Bill and the indians
The game of shadows
Dora's dance show
All talk : the talkshow in media culture
Created by-- : inside the minds of TV's top show creators
Private talk in public : a case of Finland
Striptease : from gaslight to spotlight
Leila J. Rupp and Verta Taylor take us on an entertaining tour through one of America's most overlooked subcultures: the world of the drag queen. They offer a penetrating glimpse into the lives of the 801 Girls, the troupe of queens who perform nightly at the 801 Cabaret for tourists and locals.
Magic Mike XXL
Ultimate swing standards : piano, vocal, guitar
Inside the Minstrel mask : readings in nineteenth-century blackface minstrelsy / edited by Annemarie Bean, James V. Hatch and Brooks McNamara ; foreword by Mel Watkins
Ballet Kitty : Christmas show
My pet show panic!
This novel is set in 1855, when Blackface minstrelsy is the most popular form of entertainment in a nation about to be torn apart by the battle over slavery.  Henry Sims, a fugitive slave and a brilliant musician, has escaped to Philadelphia.  He befriends James Douglass, leader of the Virginia Harmonists, a minstrel troup.  A Free State is both a riveting chase novel and a searing parable of liberty and its costs.  Charged with narrative tension and unforgettable characters, it is a thrilling work by a novelist at the height of his powers / Library of Congress.
A free state : a novel
Paris is burning
Nashville's Grand Ole Opry : the first fifty years 1925-1975
The variety history of show business
Burn the floor
Buffalo Bill's Wild West : celebrity, memory, and popular history
Highlights from Riverdance
Music Master Films and Shows Catalogue : almost 10,000 entries film soundtracks, stage shows, radio & TV shows, singles, albums, CD's, cassettes, videos
The Ziegfeld Follies : a history in song
The champion jumper
