http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7169 illicit trade
illicit trade
Mergers, collusion and congestion : essays on merger policy
Mr. Penumbra's 24-hour bookstore
Developing a mechanism to prevent illicit brokering in small arms and light weapons : scope and implications ; UNIDIR, United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research
Beverly Hills kyttä : Beverly Hills cop
Countering illicit traffic in cultural goods : the global challenge of protecting the world's heritage
Pervasive illicit small arms availability : a global threat
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Last call : the rise and fall of Prohibition
Russia's economy of favours : blat, networking and informal exchange
Human traffic : sex, slaves and immigration
The cartel
Human trafficking : a global perspective
Organized crime : an inside guide to the world's most succesful industry
The cobra
By the mid-1990s, shuttle trade - a practice in which individual peddlers travel abroad and then return with foreign merchandise in their suitcases for resale - constituted the backbone of Russian consumer trade and was a substantial source of revenue. This book assesses the reasons why women were attracted to this business.
Killing for the company
Global organized crime : trends and developments
International assistance for implementing the programme of action to prevent, combat and eradicate the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects : findings of a global survey
Women in towns : the social position of European urban women in Helsinki in a historical context
Recovered treasures : international cooperation in the fight against illicit trafficking of cultural property : successes of the italian Carabinieri = Coopération internationale pour la lutte contre le traffic illicite des biens culturels : les succès des Carabiniers italiens = Cooperation internazionale nella lotta al traffico illecito di beni culturali : i successi dei Carabinieri
Human trafficking
Contraband : South Africa and the international trade in ivory and rhino horn
Stolen, smuggled, sold : on the hunt for cultural treasures
The gun seller
Art of murder
Racing extinction
Blue helmets and black markets : the business of survival in the siege of Sarajevo
The port of Stockton-on-Tees, 1702-1802
Deception : Pakistan, the United States, and the secret trade in nuclear weapons
Accidental traders : Finnish tourists in the Soviet Union in the 1950s-1970s
All is silence
International efforts to combat money laundering
The limits of trust : cryptography, governments, and electronic commerce
In White Man's Wicked Water William Unrau tells the compelling story of how an alcohol-sodden society introduced drink to the Indians. That same society then instituted futile policies to control the flow of alcohol to tribes who, as one superintendent put it, "have not the moral force to resist temptation." Unrau dispels that racial-deficiency theory and debunks the belief that prohibition was carried out by well-intended reformers. Scholars have often viewed the sale of alcohol to Native Americans as a ploy by Euro-Americans to trick them into unfair land and trade deals. But Unrau makes it clear that alcoholic consumption by Native Americans was the inevitable consequence of cultural confluence, not of conscious white subversion. Indian inebriation in the nineteenth century, he shows, essentially mimicked the habits of white Americans who - spurred on by prevailing attitudes and federal law - were aspiring to integrate the natives into the cultural mainstream.
Interdisciplinary researches concerning E.U. underground markets
Drug politics : dirty mobey and democracies
The illegal trade of organs and tissues
Austerity in Britain : rationing, controls and consumption 1939-1955
The bootlegger
Heritage crime : progress, prospects and prevention
Multinational crime : terrorism, espionage, drug and arms tafficking
CITES implementation in Nepal and India : law, policy, and practice
The counselor : a screenplay
Stop! : there's a snake in your suitcase
Criminal capital : how the finance industry facilitates crime
Black market Britain, 1939-1955
Kay Hamilton has paid the price for going rogue. Fired by the DEA, she's now been quietly recruited by the Callahan Group, a quasi-governmental agency charged with accomplishing special missions for the president off the grid. Kay and her daughter relocate to Washington, D.C., but before Kay's completed her training, she's sent to a hostile province in Afghanistan. There a mission that should have been purely political turns unexpectedly and explosively violent. Barely getting out alive, Kay follows a trail of deception and murder from Washington to West Virginia to England. Finding herself at the centre of an international plot she begins to question those she loves, those she works for and her own faith in justice.
Holy rollers
Women in towns : the social position of European urban women in a historical context
Merchant of death : money, guns, planes, and the man who makes war possible
"Stolen, Smuggled Sold : On the Hunt for Cultural Treasures tells the dark and compelling stories of iconic cultural objects that were stolen, smuggled or sold, and eventually returned back to their original owner. This book is structured as a series of vivid stories in which the reader joins the author as she uncovers a cultural treasure and follows its often-convoluted trail. Along the way author and reader encounter a cast of fascinating characters from the underbelly of the cultural world: unscrupulous grave robbers, sinister middlemen, ruthless art dealers, venal Nazis, canny lawyers, valiant academics, unstoppable investigative reporters, unwitting curators, and dedicated government officials"--Provided by publishers.
Modern slavery : the secret world of 27 million people
Gateways to the global market : consumers and electronic commerce
The spring of Kasper Meier
"This book examines all forms of human trafficking globally, revealing the operations of the trafficking business and the nature of the traffickers themselves"--
Trafficking in women and children in Europe
Underground economies in transition : unrecorded activity, tax evasion, corruption and organized crime
Killig for the company
On the implementation of Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora.
Illicit flows and African security
Webs of smoke : smugglers, warlords, spies, and the history of the international drug trade
By its cover
World drug report 2000
The concept of an illicit commercial practice in the new commercial policy instrument of the European Community
What do the Taliban, Liberian war criminal Charles Taylor, and the U.S. government have in common? They have all done business with the man who put the "blood" in blood diamonds--an immensely wealthy and powerful arms dealer who has flooded Africa and Southwest Asia with weapons of war. Here, two respected journalists tell the story of Viktor Bout, the Russian weapons supplier whose global network has changed the way modern warfare is fought. Bout's vast enterprise of guns, planes and money has fueled slaughter in Africa and aided both militant Islamic fanatics in Afghanistan and the American military in Iraq. As the Cold War ended, Bout emerged from a murky post-Soviet intelligence background and quietly amassed a fleet of Russian cargo planes, then began to forge an empire of lethal alliances across the Third World--a war machine able to deliver anything from AK-47s to attack helicopters, to anyone willing to pay.--From publisher description.
The 1972 Alko strike : home-made alcohol and illicit trade
"With a foreword from Mark Harrison FSA, National Policing and Crime Advisor, English Heritage and Honorary Research Fellow, University of Kent, UK. Heritage crime is an area of growing interest for scholars, but also for enforcement agencies and heritage managers, as well as the communities affected. Whether it is the looting of cultural objects, theft of lead from churches, or vandalism of historic monuments, this timely collection brings together debate and international examples to demonstrate the diversity but also commonality of heritage crime across the globe. With international contributions from archaeology, criminology, law, heritage management and policing, the volume presents case studies from countries as diverse as Peru, the UK, South Africa and Cyprus. At a time when government agencies and media around the world are increasingly taking note of the implications of criminal activity for cultural heritage, this collection is the first to address the heritage crime problem in such an in-depth and holistic manner. "-- Provided by publisher.
Women and the birth of Russian capitalism : a history of the shuttle trade
Prohibition gangsters : the rise and fall of a bad generation
Executive summary (s. 7-10).
Indians, alcohol, and the roads to Taos and Santa Fe
Merchants of men : how kidnapping, ransom and trafficking funds terrorism and ISIS
In the sea there are crocodiles : the story of Enaiatollah Akbari
Escobar : the inside story of Pablo Escobar, the world's most powerful criminal
Crime, corruption and instability : an exploratory report
Narcoland : the Mexican drug lords and their godfathers
The validity of the prohibition in combatting transnational organised crime
In the culture of the American West, images abound of Indians drunk on the white man’s firewater, a historical stereotype William Unrau has explored in two previous books. His latest study focuses on how federally-developed roads from Missouri to northern New Mexico facilitated the diffusion of both spirits and habits of over-drinking within Native American cultures. Unrau investigates how it came about that distilled alcohol, designated illegal under penalty of federal fines and imprisonment as a trade item for Indian people, was nevertheless easily obtainable by most Indians along the Taos and Santa Fe roads after 1821. Unrau reveals how the opening of those overland trails, their designation as national roads, and the establishment of legal boundaries of “Indian Country” all combined to produce an increasingly unstable setting in which Osage, Kansa, Southern Cheyenne, Arapahoe, Kiowa, and Comanche peoples entered into an expansive trade for alcohol along these routes. Unrau describes how Missouri traders began meeting Anglo demand for bison robes and related products, obtaining these commodities in exchange for corn and wheat alcohol and ensnaring Prairie and Plains Indians in a market economy that became dependent on this exchange. He tells how the distribution of illicit alcohol figured heavily in the failure of Indian prohibition, with drinking becoming an unfortunate learned behavior among Indians, and analyzes this trade within the context of evolving federal Indian law, policy, and enforcement in Indian Country. Unrau’s research suggests that the illegal trade along this route may have been even more important than the legal commerce moving between the mouth of the Kansas River and the Mexican markets far to the southwest. He also considers how and why the federal government failed to police and take into custody known malefactors, thereby undermining its announced program for tribal improvement.Indians, Alcohol, and the Roads to Taos and Santa Fe cogently explores the relationship between politics and economics in the expanding borderlands of the United States. It fills a void in the literature of the overland Indian trade as it reveals the enduring power of the most pernicious trade good in Indian Country.
Sotheby's : the inside story
The international arms trade
In the Godfather Garden : the long life and times of Richie "the Boot" Boiardo
Stop! : there's a snake in your suitcase!
Traffic
Human trafficking in Asia : forcing issues
European action on small arms and light weapons and explosive remnants of war : final report
The Experiment
White man's wicked water : the alcohol trade and prohibition in Indian country, 1802-1892
