http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7167 urinary organs
urinary organs
Atherosclerosis in the arterial supply of corpus cavernosum penis : morphology, prevalence and relation to erectile dysfunction : a postmortem study of 50 medicolegal autopsies
Controversies in female pelvic reconstruction
Color atlas of reproductive pathology of domestic animals
Expression of MIB-1, mitotic index and S-phase fraction as indicators of cell proliferation in superficial bladder cancer
Nursing practice : hospital and home : the adult
Physiology of domestic animals
Introduction to the anatomy and physiology of children
Graff's textbook of urinalysis and body fluids
Campbell-Walsh urology. Vol. 3
Campbell-Walsh urology. Vol. 4
Ostergardȧs urogynecology and pelvic floor dysfunction
Phlebotomy handbook : blood collection essentials
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. vol. 2, Internal organs
Textbook of female urology and urogynecology
Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome (PRRS)
The anatomy coloring book
Radiology of urogenital diseases in dogs and cats
Illustrated atlas of clinical equine anatomy and common disorders of the horse : vol 2: Reproduction, internal medicine, and skin
Anatomy, physiology and pathology : for complementary therapists: level 2 and 3
Clinical anatomy & physiology for veterinary technicians
Paediatric clinical pharmacology of trimethoprim : effect of age, renal function and food on pharmacokinetics, and efficacy in the treatment of acute urinary tract infections in children
Vesicoureteral reflux in children
Effect of acute urinary retention on renal function : clinical studies in men
Hypospadias : factors associated with origin and successful treatment of this anomaly
Parameter evaluation and genetic-based rule learning for the differential diagnosis of female urinary incontinence
Laboratory urinalysis and hematology for the small animal practitioner
Real anatomy 1.0
Therapeutic management of incontinence and pelvic pain : pelvic organ disorders
Equine stud farm medicine and surgery
Urogenital surgery
Companion animal nutrition
The female pelvis : anatomy & exercises
Color atlas of human anatomy. Volume 2, Internal organs
Colonization of mucosal surfaces
Diagnostic imaging. Genitourinary
Peripheral neuropathy, myopathy and microangiopathy in uremia : a neurological, histological and morphometric study
Trypsinogens and trypsin inhibitor (PSTI/TATI) : expression in urogenital organs and tumors
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 6, The internal organs
"Abdominal imagers recognize that a formal rigid split between "GU" and "GI" radiology no longer works with the rapid advancements in cross sectional imaging that have occurred over the past generation. Nonetheless, when we began planning for the third edition of Diagnostic Imaging: Abdomen we realized that it was no longer possible to encompass the imaging and management of the entire spectrum of abdominal disorders in one text. We thus decided to separate diagnoses considered to be largely "genitourinary" (highlighted in this updated and expanded text) from topics judged to be "gastrointestinal" (covered in a corresponding, companion book). The Amirsys format of bulleted text - including key facts, imaging features, exam protocols, pathology, clinical manifestations/treatment and image interpretation pearls - is still employed.^Succinct, but exhaustive outlined descriptions of GU diagnoses are supplemented by image galleries that emphasize the pearls and pitfalls of modern GU imaging. The number of genitourinary diagnoses has been significantly expanded, and the utility of state of the art cross sectional imaging is emphasized in updated image panels. The approach mirrors current practice: examples of traditional imaging techniques utilized by GU radiologists decades ago (retrograde, intravenous urography, angiography etc.) have largely been replaced by their cross sectional counterparts (MDCT, MR, CTA, MRA, CT urography, MR urography) employed by present day abdominal imagers. Introductory narrative overview chapters describe relevant GU anatomy, physiology, imaging protocols and workup. GU oncology staging and interventional technique chapters - crucial material for current abdominal imagers - have also been added.^Finally, additional images and references are included in the Amirsys eBook Advantage that accompanies the print version of Diagnostic Imaging: Genitourinary, 3rd Edition. This new edition of Diagnostic Imaging: Genitourinary was compiled by members of the Abdominal Imaging section of the University of Pittsburgh. The section has a long history of excellent collaboration with one another, and with referring clinical services. This collaboration has resulted in a legacy of clinical and academic success, and will be even more important in a health care environment that appropriately emphasizes value over volume. We are confident that this updated edition will be a go-to, readily accessible, clinically relevant resource for abdominal imagers and trainees for years to come."--Provided by publisher.
Medical-surgical nursing : concepts and activities
Radiographic positioning and related anatomy : workbook and laboratory manual. Volume 2, Chapters 14-24
Transvaginal mesh-augmented procedures in gynecology : outcomes after female urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse surgery
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations. 6, Kidneys, ureters, and urinary bladder : a compilation of paintings depicting anatomy and embryology, physiology, pathology, pathophysiology, and clinical features and treatment of diseases
Medical-surgical nursing : assessment and management of clinical problems
Giant kidney worm (Dioctophyma renale) infections in dogs from Northern Paraná, Brazil
Manual of medical-surgical nursing care : nursing interventions and collaborative management
Textbook of female urology and urogynecology. Vol. 2
Jubb, Kennedy, and Palmer's pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 1
Treating Prostate Cancer and Related Genitourinary Applications
Campbell-Walsh urology. Vol. 2
Urogenital tract infection in the bitch
Urologic trauma and reconstruction
Summary.
Complement factor H in kidney and urinary tract diseases
Pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 2
Principles of anatomy & physiology
Urogenital problems in adults following childhood vesico-ureteral reflux
Renal and urinary tract ADRs reported to the National Agency for Medicines during 1973-2003
Color atlas and textbook of human anatomy. 2, Internal organs
Scientific foundations of urology. Vol. 1, Renal disorders : Infections and calculi
The ROCKet science of canine urolithiasis
Sexually transmitted infections : nursing care and management
Hormone-related reversible urinary rhabdosphincter disorder in male laboratory rodents : possible clinical implications
Heterogeneity in genetic susceptibility to prostate cancer
Gynecological problems of mentally retarded women, with special reference to progestin-induced therapeutic amenorrhea
The Netter Collection of medical illustrations : vol. 6 : Kidneys, ureters, and urinary bladder : A compilation of paintings depicting anatomy and embryology, physiology, pathology pathophysiology, and clinical features and treatment of diseases
Pathology and genetics of tumours of the urinary system and male genital organs
Vesicovaginal fistula in developing countries : women's health problem
Biodegradable, self-reinforced, self-expandable lactic and glycolic acid (SR-PLGA 80/20) copolymer spiral prostatic stent : analysis of mechanical and biological properties and clinical results
Alkylresorcinol metabolites as potential biomarkers for whole-grain rye intake and the effect of rye bread intake on plasma low-density lipoproteins
Ureteric injuries : clinical and experimental studies
Campbell-Walsh urology
Prevention of Vesicovagina fistula : a literature review and experience from Zambia
Cyclosporine A in the treatment of interstitial cystitis
Langman's medical embryology
Gynaecological nursing : a practical guide
Brunner & Suddarth's textbook of medical-surgical nursing
Canine and feline nephrology and urology
Essentials of human anatomy & physiology
Effect of silver nitrate and ofloxacine blended caprolactone-L-lactide coatings on the properties of bioabsorbable self-reinforced polylactide urospirals
