http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7160 cosmology
cosmology
Studying the Universe with clusters of galaxies : proceedings of the Workshop held at Schloß Ringberg, Tegernsee, October 10-15, 1993
On the Properties and Cosmology of Q-balls
Ripples in the cosmos : a view behind the scenes of the new cosmology
Cosmology as widow to physics beyond Einstein gravity
Introduction to cosmology
What a wonderful world : one man's attempt to explain the big stuff
How to build a universe : from the big bang to the end of the universe
The popularity of Stephen Hawking's work has put cosmology back in the public eye. The question of how the universe began, and why it hangs together, still puzzles scientists. Their puzzlement began two and a half thousand years ago when Greek philosophers first 'looked up at the sky and formed a theory of everything.' Though their solutions are little credited today, the questions remain fresh. The early Greek thinkers struggled to come to terms with and explain the totality of their surroundings; to identitify an original substance from which the universe was compounded; and to reconcile the presence of balance and proportion with the apparent disorder of the universe. Rosemary Wright examines the cosmological theories of the 'natural philosophers' from Thales, Anaximander and Anaximenes to Plato, the Stoics and the NeoPlatonists. The importance of Babylonian and Egyptian forerunners is emphasised.
Theoretical and observational cosmology
Jewish and Christian Cosmogony in Late Antiquity
Introduction to astronomy and cosmology
Cosmic abundances : proceedings of the Sixth Annual October Astrophysics Conference in College Park, Maryland 9-11 October 1995
The isotropic universe : an introduction to cosmology
Science but not as we know it : cutting-edge concepts made simple
The article discusses methodological similarities and differences between Uno Harva and Mircea Eliade, with the objective of reassessing the value of their comparativist programs for the study of religion in general and of 'religious' cognition in particular. The Finnish scholar Uno Holmberg-Harva (1882-1949) was a predecessor to Eliade as a scholar of Asian and European religious history. During the first three decades of the twentieth century, when the academic study of religion was still maturing in Europe, Harva expanded considerably the field of the ethnological study of religion with his religio-phenomenological monographs Der Baum des Lebens (1922), Finno-Ugric, Siberian Mythology (1927) and Die Religiösen Vorstellungen der Altaischen Völker (1938). Harva was a towering figure in Finnish scholarship. Originally a Protestant theologian and Lutheran minister, he resigned from his ecclesiastical position to become a historian of religion, field ethnographer, ethnosociologist and folklorist under the tutelage of Edward Westermarck and Kaarle Krohn. Harva's influence on the work of Eliade has been almost entirely ignorant by historiographers of Religious Studies.
Photometric redshifts and high redshift galaxies : proceedings of a workshop held at Carnegie Observatories, Pasadena, California, USA, 28-30 April, 1999
Giordano Bruno : his life and thought : with annotated translation of his work On the infinite universe and worlds
Proceedings of the 9th IAP Astrophysics Meeting, Institut d'Astrophysique de Paris, CNRS, July 12-17, 1993 : cosmic velocity fields
Our mathematical universe : my quest for the ultimate nature of reality
Masks of the universe
Cosmology
The idea of nature
About time : from sun dials to quantum clocks, how the cosmos shapes our lives - and we shape the cosmos
The eerie silence : are we alone in the universe?
Death by black hole and other cosmic quandaries
Myth, cosmos, and society : Indo-European themes of creation and destruction
The trouble with physics : the rise of string theory, the fall of a science and what comes next
Highly redshifted radio lines : proceedings of a conference held in Green Bank, WV, USA, October 9-11, 1997
Dammed divinities : the water powers at Bujagali Falls, Uganda
The scientific secrets of Doctor Who
Ten billion days & one hundred billion nights
Cosmology : foundations and frontiers
Cosmology : the science of the universe
"In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions : What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives."
Shamanism : an expanded view of reality
Build your own time machine : the real science of time travel
Wonders of life
"Cosmology is in crisis. The more we discover, the more puzzling the universe appears to be. How and why are the laws of nature what they are? A philosopher and a physicist, world-renowned for their radical ideas in their fields, argue for a revolution. To keep cosmology scientific, we must replace the old view in which the universe is governed by immutable laws by a new one in which laws evolve. Then we can hope to explain them. The revolution that Roberto Mangabeira Unger and Lee Smolin propose relies on three central ideas. There is only one universe at a time. Time is real: everything in the structure and regularities of nature changes sooner or later. Mathematics, which has trouble with time, is not the oracle of nature and the prophet of science; it is simply a tool with great power and immense limitations. The argument is readily accessible to non-scientists as well as to the physicists and cosmologists whom it challenges."--Publisher description.
Dialogue on the great world systems : in the Salusbury translation
Universe
Astrophysical cosmology : proceedings of the study week on cosmology and fundamental physics, September 28 - October 2, 1981
Physics of the impossible : a scientific exploration into the world of phasers, force fields, teleportation, and time travel
Large-scale structures in the universe
Beware invisible cows : my search for the soul of the universe
The onset of nonlinearity in cosmology
Galaxies and cosmology
Quarks, leptons and the big bang
13.8 : the quest to find the true age of the universe and the theory of everything
Beyond the cosmological principle
"This book proposes a new perspective: that our current theories of the physical world don't work, and can never be made to work, until they account for life and consciousness.  This book proposes that, rather than a belated and minor outcome after billions of years of lifeless physical processes, life and consciousness are absolutely fundamental to our understanding of the universe."--Introd.
Plato's cosmology : the Timaeus of Plato
Billions and billions : thoughts on life and death at the brink of the millennium
Primordial perturbations from a self-interacting curvaton
Brave new universe : illuminating the darkest secrets of the cosmos
George and the blue moon
The article considers the light shed on ancient religion by comparative linguistics and the analysis of visual images. Its starting point is the Bronze Age 'Sun Chariot' from Trundholm in Denmark, which is considered in both Flemming Kaul's book Ships on Bronzes and Martin West's Indo-European Poetry and Myth . The ideas of these two writers are discussed in conncection with the evidence of prehistoric rock carvings in South Scandinavia. The article considers how such places were used and draws attention to the distinctive practice of depicting pairs of footprints in this medium. The footprints may mark the positions of people engaged in rituals at these sites, for in many cases the drawings are oriented towards the solstices. Perhaps these events were observed from the decorated outcrops. Although the field evidence is limited, it supports the idea of a solar cosmology postulated by Kaul and West.
"Understanding the role of sacred geometry in cosmology and human affairs"--Provided by publisher.
Topics in brane cosmology
Thermodynamics and kinetics of cosmological phase transitions
Readers learn the difference between how the world works at the quantum level, the cosmic level, and the human level; the emergence of causes from underlying laws; and ultimately how human values relate to scientific reality.
Cosmological constant and the evolution of the universe : proceedings of the 1st RESCEU International Symposium on "the Cosmological Constant and the Evolution of the Universe" held on November 7-10, 1995, in Tokyo, Japan
Hawking & black hole
The universe at high-z, large scale structure and the cosmic microwave background : proceedings of an advanced summer school held at Laredo, Cantabria, Spain, 4-8 September 1995
The Copernicus complex : the quest for our cosmic (in)significance
Stephen Hawking's universe : the cosmos explained : the big bang, black holes, white dwarfs, time warps, life, the universe and everything; all explained in everyday language
"This book brings together the finest collection available of star clusters, galaxies, nebulae and other such spectacular phenomena caught on film. Each beautiful image, made from a series of delicate yet rich platinum prints, is accompanied by a clear and engaging caption. Malin's short texts (approximately 100 words) describe the depicted phenomena and some of the mythology surrounding them. The book is divided into nine sections, using the constellations as a framework to identify the positions of the images in the sky. Each section is introduced by a short text describing the featured constellations and a celestial map. In his introductory essay, Malin outlines the history and importance of photographing the night sky, describing how very long exposures taken with a telescope reveal stars and distant galaxies too faint to be seen by the eye. By studying galaxies, we learn about our origins and perhaps our destiny and, the origins of the ingredients of life and the destinies of stars like the Sun and the planets associated with them. Much of our current knowledge on these subjects was gleaned from black and white photographs like those in this book, which were originally taken for scientific purposes. Using the world's most sophisticated telescopes and his own revolutionary techniques, Malin brings us awe-inspiring images of distant worlds and amazing phenomena. He is a pioneer of space photography and has invented new ways of capturing the unseen universe on photographic plates, leading to the discovery of two new types of galaxies. His photographs capture light that has traveled immense distances, sometimes thousands of light years, to reach us."
Tweeting the universe : tiny explanations of very big ideas
Astronomy : 50 ideas you really need to know
The singular universe and the reality of time : a proposal in natural philosophy
You are the universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
The cold universe : proceedings of the XXVIIIth Rencontre de Moriond, Les Arces, Savoie, France, March 13-20, 1993
The cosmological argument from Plato to Leibniz
Looking at the early universe through gravitational lenses
Clustering at high redshift : proceedings of a conference held at Marseille, France, 29 June - 2 July 1999
"Interstellar, from acclaimed filmmaker Christopher Nolan, takes us on a fantastic voyage far beyond our solar system. Yet in The Science of Interstellar, Kip Thorne, the physicist who assisted Nolan on the scientific aspects of Interstellar, shows us that the movie's jaw-dropping events and stunning, never-before-attempted visuals are grounded in real science. Thorne shares his experiences working as the science adviser on the film and then moves on to the science itself. In chapters on wormholes, black holes, interstellar travel, and much more, Thorne's scientific insights many of them triggered during the actual scripting and shooting of Interstellar, describe the physical laws that govern our universe and the truly astounding phenomena that those laws make possible."--Publisher's description.
Non-Gaussian cosmological perturbations from hybrid inflation and preheating
Framing cosmologies : the anthropology of worlds
The unknown universe in 10 chapters
Acceleration of the cosmological expansion as an effect of inhomogeneities
Cosmic clowns : convention, invention, and inversion in the Yaqui Easter ritual
Universes
Cosmology in antiquity
Parallel worlds : the science of alternative universes and our future in the cosmos
Archaic cosmos : polarity, space and time
Cosmologie et structure à grande échelle : Les Houches session LX 1-28 août 1993 = Cosmology and large scale structure
Introduction : physics, philosophy and theology facing cosmological challenges
The big picture : on the origins of life, meaning, and the universe itself
Beyond Einstein : the cosmic quest for the theory of the universe
Why space matters to me
The little book of the big bang : a cosmic primer
Cosmic perturbation theory and inflation
Galaxies and the runaway universe
How the world is made : the story of creation according to sacred geometry
Cosmological phase transitions
Seven brief lessons on physics
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
The hour of our delight : cosmic evolution, order and complexity
Conversing with the planets : how science and myth invented the cosmos
Geometry of the large scale structure of the universe
After the first three minutes : the story of our universe
Unseen cosmos : the universe in radio
Birth of the universe and fundamental physics : proceedings of the international workshop held in Rome, Italy, 18-21 May 1994
Characterization of primordial perturbations by observations
Leaving footprints in the taiga : luck, spirits and ambivalence among the Siberian Orochen reindeer herders and hunters
Dark matter and dark energy confronting CMB anisotropy
The big bang : the creation and evolution of the universe
Rethinking 'religious' cognition : the Eliadean notion of the sacred in the light of the legacy of Uno Harva
Fashion, faith and fantasy in the new physics of the universe
Origins : the scientific story of creation
Quintessence : scalar field as the cosmic dark energy
The existence of God
The deep universe : Saas-Fee advanced course 23, lecture notes 1993
The 2012 story : the myths, fallacies, and thruth behind the most intriguing date in history
Eureka : an essay on the material and spiritual universe
In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions: What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives.
The book of universes
The metaphysics of emergence
New perspectives in astrophysical cosmology
Light propagation and observations in inhomogeneous cosmological models
Plato's cosmology : the Timaeus of Plato ; transl. with a running commentary by Francis Macdonald Cornford
Cosmic microwave background and large scale structure of the universe : proceedings of the 5th Taipei Astrophysics Workshop on Cosmology held at Chung-Li and Taipeio, Taiwan, 18-21 December 1997
This book argues that a plausible account of emergence requires replacing the traditional assumption that what primarily exists are particular entities with generic processes. Traversing contemporary physics and issues of identity over time, it then proceeds to develop a metaphysical taxonomy of emergent entities and of the character of human life.
Powers of ten : a book about the relative size of things in the universe and the effect of adding another zero
The 4 percent universe : dark matter, dark energy, and the race to discover the rest of reality
The science of Interstellar
George and his best friend, Annie have been selected as junior astronauts - part of a programme that trains up young people for a trip to Mars in the future. This is everything they've ever wanted - they get to be a part of up-to-the minute space discoveries and meet a bunch of new friends who are as fascinated by the universe as they are. But when they arrive at space camp, George and Annie quickly learn that strange things are happening - on Earth as well as up in our skies. Mysterious space missions are happening in secret, and the astronaut training they're undertaking gets scarier and scarier.
Dark side of the universe : dark matter, dark energy, and the fate of the cosmos
Natural symbols : explorations in cosmology
From quantum fluctuations to cosmological structures : proceedings of the first Moroccan School of Astrophysics Casablanca, Morocco, 1-10 December 1996
The Structure of Physics
Why does the world exist? : an existential detective story
Asimov's guide to science. Volume 1 : The physical sciences
The edge of physics : dispatches from the frontiers of cosmology
Are we being watched? : the search for life in the cosmos
Big bang : the most important scientific discovery of all the time and why you need to know about it
Bang! : the complete history of the universe
Mapping the heavens : the radical scientific ideas that reveal the cosmos
The early universe
Astronomy
The day without yesterday
LiBeB, cosmic rays, and related X- and gamma-rays : proceedings of a conference held at Institut d'Astrophysique de Paris, France, 9-11 December, 1998
Principles of cosmology and gravitation
The omega point : the search for the missing mass and the ultimate fate of the universe
Biocentrism : how life and consciousness are the keys to understanding the true nature of the universe
Edge of the Universe: a voyage to the cosmic horizon and beyond
Black holes and baby universes and other essays
Myth and meaning : San-Bushman folklore in global context
Scalar condensates in the early Universe and consequences of their non-perturbative decay
People and the sky : our ancestors and the cosmos
Observational tests of cosmological inflation : Proceedings of the NATO Advanced Research Workshop on Observational tests of inflation, Durham, U.K., December 10-14, 1990
What can fashionable ideas, blind faith, or pure fantasy possibly have to do with the scientific quest to understand the universe? Surely, theoretical physicists are immune to mere trends, dogmatic beliefs, or flights of fancy? In fact, acclaimed physicist and best-selling author Roger Penrose argues that researchers working at the extreme frontiers of physics are just as susceptible to these forces as anyone else. In this provocative book, he argues that fashion, faith, and fantasy, while sometimes productive and even essential in physics, my be leading today's researchers astray in three of the field's most important areas--string theory, quantum mechanics, and cosmology.... The result is an important critique of some of the most significant developments in physics today from one of its most eminent figures.
"The damming of Bujagali Falls, located only 8 kilometers north of the historic source of the White Nile or the outlet of Lake Victoria, has been seen as one of the most controversial dams in modern times. In 2012, the dam was eventually inaugurated after years of anti-dam opposition and delays. A unique aspect of the controversies was the river spirit Budhagaali living in the falls blocking the dam and opposing the destruction of the waterfalls. This spirits embodies a particular healer - Jaja Bujagali, but he was bypassed by another healer who conducted no less than three grandiose appeasement and relocation ceremonies for the Budhagaali spirit clearing the way for the dam. Why has this particular dam been so controversial? How can a water spirit block a nearly billion dollar dam? What was the ritual drama behind the construction of the dam and is it possible to move a spirit? And what happened to Budhagaali and the indigenous religion after the falls were flooded and can a river spirit be drowned in its own element - water?" --Provided by publisher.
Dialogue concerning the two chief world systems - Ptolemaic & Copernican
First principles of cosmology
A universe from nothing : why there is something rather than nothing
General relativity and cosmology
Gravitation, cosmology and relavistic astrophysics : a collection of papers
Observational cosmology : with the new radio surveys : proceedings of a workshop held in Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain, 13-15 January 1997
Cosmoparticle physics and string theory
Energy, complexity and wealth maximization
The reality and spirituality of life in the universe
You are the Universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Discovery of cosmic fractals
Physics in minutes
The universe explained to my grandchildren
Physical cosmology
Modern cosmology and the dark matter problem
Ancient light : a portrait of the universe
Poetry of the universe : a mathematical exploration of the cosmos
Supersymmetry vis-à-vis observation : dark matter constraints, global fits and statistical issues
The hidden reality : parallel universes and the deep laws of the cosmos
Dark matter and the dinosaurs : the astounding interconnectedness of the universe
Cosmic flows 1999 : towards an understanding of large-scale structure : proceedings of a conference held on the Campus of the University of Victoria, on the Island of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, 13-17 July 1999
On the heavens
Observational cosmology : International Symposium held in Milano, Italy 21-25 September 1992
Galaxy formation : Formazzione delle galassie : proceedings of the International School of Physics "Enrico Fermi", course 122, Varenna on Lake Como, Villa Monastero, 21-31 July 1992
Collider : the search for the world's smallest particles
Out of chaos
Cosmological physics
Essential relativity : special, general, and cosmological
Magnetic helicity in astrophysical dynamos
Nothing : from absolute zero to cosmic oblivion : amazing insights into nothingness
N-Field inflation : curvature and entropy perturbations
Spooky action at a distance : the phenomenon that reimagines space and time and what it means for black holes, the big bang and theories of everything
Gravitation and cosmology : proceedings of the ICGC-95 Conference, held at IUCAA, Pune, India, on december 13-19, 1995
Causation and creation in late antiquity
The globe
This is a uniquely comprehensive and detailed treatment of the theoretical and observational foundations of modern cosmology, by a Nobel Laureate in Physics. It gives up-to-date and self contained accounts of the theories and observations that have made the past few decades a golden age of cosmology.
Cosmology : historical, literary, philosophical, religious, and scientific perspectives
A different approach to cosmology : from a static universe through the big bang towards reality
On the effects of cosmic structures in the late universe
Creation and cosmology : a historical and comparative inquiry
Gravitino phenomenology and cosmological implications of supergravity
Midsummer and Midwinter in the Rock Carvings of South Scandinavia
Fact and theory in cosmology
On the properties and cosmology of q-balls
Aspects of inflationary models at low energy scales
"The twentieth century gave us two great theories of physics. The general theory of relativity describes the behavior of very large things, and quantum theory the behavior of very small things. In this landmark book, John Gribbin--one of the best-known science writers of the past thirty years--presents his own version of the Holy Grail of physics, the search that has been going on for decades to find a unified "Theory of Everything" that combines these ideas into one mathematical package, a single equation that could be printed on a T-shirt, containing the answer to life, the Universe, and everything. With his inimitable mixture of science, history, and biography, Gribbin shows how--despite skepticism among many physicists--these two great theories are very compatible, and point to a deep truth about the nature of our existence. The answer lies, intriguingly, with the age of the universe: 13.8 billion years."--
'Here, on the edge of what we know, in contact with the ocean of the unknown, shines the mystery and the beauty of the world. And it's breathtaking'  These seven short, simple lessons guide us through the scientific revolution that shook physics in the twentieth century and still continues to shake us today. Theoretical physicist Carlo Rovelli, a founder of the loop quantum gravity theory. explains Einstein's theory of general relativity, quantum mechanics, black holes, the complex architecture of the universe, elementary particles, gravity, and the nature of the mind. In under eighty pages, readers will understand the most transformative scientific discoveries of the twentieth century and what they mean for us.
A time traveller's guide to life, the universe & everything
Physics of stellar evolution and cosmology
The universe in your hand : a journey through space, time and beyond
The early universe : facts and fiction
A people of stories in the forest of myth : the Yukuna of Miritiparaná
Our place in the cosmos : the unfinished revolution
