http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7174 pornography
pornography
Battling pornography : the American feminist anti-pornography movement, 1976-1986
Unfir for modest ears : a study of pornographic, obscene and bawdy works written or published in England in the second half of the seventeenth century
Pornography and sexual aggression
Speech and respect
77 rusty trombones
Tales from the clit : a female experience of pornography
Pornography : structures, agency and performance
That religious conservatives would oppose pornography is no surprise, as graphic sexual expression is contrary to many religions' sexual morality. That feminists would also oppose pornography, joining with the same religious conservatives who would relegate women to inferior social roles, was quite a surprise - but that's what happened during the 1990s. Today the voice of anti-pornography feminists is more muted, but their arguments and language have been adopted by religious censors.
The Devil in miss Jones: Original soundtrack recording
Regulating child pornography in international law
Naughty Paris
Regulation, awareness, empowerment : young people and harmful media content in the digital age
Perspectives on pornography : sexuality in film and literature
Pornification : sex and sexuality in media culture / edited by: Susanna Paasonen, Kaarina Nikunen and Laura Saarenmaa ; [texts: Mireille Miller-Young...[et al.]]
Healthy sex and pop porn : pornography, feminism and the Finnish context
Obscenity and public morality : censorship in a liberal society
Computers and the law : an introduction to basic legal principles and their application in cyberspace
Governing pleasures : pornography and social change in England, 1815-1914
This volume presents a study of the damaging effect of pornography and its ramifications on society.
City of sin : London and its vices
Erotic comics : a graphic history. Volume 2 : from the 1970s to the present day
Social ethics : morality and social policy
The best of Blowfly : The analthology
Pornography in America : a reference handbook
The question of pornography : research findings and policy implications
Børnepornografi på Internettet : strafferettekspertgruppens rapport om bekæmpelse af børnepornegrafi på Internettet = Child pornography on the Internet : a report from the Nordic Criminal Law Expert Group
Pornography in a free society
Firstly, there are as many definitions of art and pornography as there are people. Everyone has their own opinions, their own interests and realms to defend. There are the liberals who say that nothing should be censored, including pornography. Pornography is seen as part of artistic expression, and if people want to express themselves, they should, and if they want pornography, they should have it. This is the view of liberals such as Peter Webb, who campaigns for freedom of expression, and an art that should 'celebrate' eroticism. This is a familiar viewpoint, which we have heard made many times. In the (male) liberal view, sex is OK, so sexual art must be OK, so that much of pornography must be OK. The 'experts' on sex, the so-called 'sexologists' (Eduard Fuchs, Richard von Krafft-Ebbing, Sigmund Freud, Wilhelm Reich) argue that sex is a normal part of life, so it is natural that it should abound in art.
The reader, the author, his woman and her lover : soft-core pornography and heterosexual men
Trouble in L. A.
The beach boys : child sex tourism phenomenon in Sri Lanka
Mediated sex : pornography and postmodern culture
The gender of desire : essays on male sexuality
Summary (kuvailulehti): Flesh for sale : a seminar to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Council for Gender Equality on 4 December 2002.
Penetrating language : a critical discourse analysis of pornography
The pin-up : a modest history
Corpus delicti [Elektroninen aineisto]: immoral, immortal  / Masoch Fund
The sex myth : why everything we're told is wrong
The look of love
Making violence sexy : feminist views on pornography
Beaver Street : a history of modern pornography : from the birth of phone sex to the skin mag in cyberspace : an investigative memoir
Sanctity and pornography in medieval culture : on the verge
In America today the debate over the censorship of pornography continues to call into question the values of a modern, democratic culture. The Invention of Pornography, a groundbreaking collection of critical essays, traces the history and uses of pornography in early modern Europe, offering for the first time the historical perspective crucial to understanding current controversies in politics and the arts.
Netporn : DIY web culture and sexual politics
Gil Elvgren : all his glamorous American pin-ups
Erotic comics : a graphic history. Volume 2 : From the 1970s to the present day
Dead ice : an Anita Blake vampire hunter novel
Dirty looks : women, pornography, power
25 000 years of erotic freedom
The pornography industry : what everyone needs to know
Mediated sex is about the proliferation of sexual discourse in all its variants, from pornography as narrowly defined to the "s/m chic" of advertising and the art of Jeff Koons and Madonna. It examines the place of these representations in late-20th century, post-HIV and AIDS culture, and in the context of the history of sexual representation from Greek antiquity onward. With extensive reference to examples drawn from the US and the UK, Mediated Sex attempts to make sense of and assess the many contradictory and conflicting claims made about the impact of sexual representation on individuals and societies.
Pornography : men possessing women
Generation P? : youth, gender and pornography
Media sex : what are the issues?
Pornography Sex and Feminism
Eclectic views on gay male pornography : pornucopia
Hard core: power, pleasure, and the "frenzy of the visiblin
The industrial vagina : the political economy of the global sex trade
Dirty diaries : 12 shorts of feminist porn
The pornography of representation
My dad wrote a porno : the fully annotated edition of Belenda Blinked 1
Applied ethics at the turn of the millenium : proceedings of the 19th World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of law and Social Philosophy (IVR) New York, June 24-30, 1999
Stripped down : lesbian sex stories
The politics of pornography
Hate speech, pornography, and the radical attack on free speech doctrine
Striptease culture : sex, media and the democratization of desire
Sexplosion : from Andy Warhol to A clockwork orange - how a generation of pop rebels broke all the taboos
A taste for brown sugar : black women in pornography
On pornography : literature, sexuality and obscenity law
Sex violence and the media
The problem of pornography : regulation and the right to free speech
Global perspectives and key debates in sex and relationships education : addressing issues of gender, sexuality, plurality and power
Pornography at different steges of girls psycho-social development : context, subject and changing meanings
Defending pornography : free speech, sex, and the fight for women's rights
Can a commitment to free speech be reconciled with the regulation of pornography? Easton explores and evaluates the feminist and liberal arguments to establish that it can. A text invaluable to anyone interested in this, the thorniest of issues.
Sex, drugs, and cocoa puffs : a low culture manifesto
In the mid-1970s, American feminists formed grassroots organizations to protest the proliferation of advertisements, films, and other popular media that glorified sexual violence against women. They pioneered feminist analyses of these images, which were thought to promote sexist attitudes and behavior, and male power and control. Over time, feminists shifted their focus to pornography, and a full-fledged anti-pornography movement was born. This book analyzes the rise and fall of the American feminist anti-pornography movement, situating its development in the social and cultural history of the late 1960s and 1970s, including the sexual revolution and the second wave. Based on extensive original archival work, Carolyn Bronstein chronicles the three most influential movement organizations and reveals how and why anti-pornography took root. Bronstein shows that the strategic reorientation to pornography propelled the movement into the national spotlight but also ignited a counter-movement led by feminists and free speech advocates that ultimately toppled anti-pornography in the mid-1980s. Battling Pornography offers a detailed account of inner movement dynamics and the contributions of its central actors, including some of the best-known figures in American feminism.
From perfectibility to perversion : meliorism in eighteeth-century France
Pornography and silence : culture's revenge against nature
At home with pornography : women, sex, and everyday life
The secret museum : pornography in modern culture
Hard core : power, pleasure, and the "frenzy of the visible"
The sexual exploitation of children
No sperm shall be spared
Desire : the politics of sexuality
Bound and gagged : pornography and the politics of fantasy in America
Nani. III + IV, Queen of the jungle
The industrialization of prostitution and the sex trade has created a multibillion-dollar global market, involving millions of women, that makes a substantial contribution to national and global economies. The Industrial Vagina examines how prostitution and other aspects of the sex industry have moved from being small-scale, clandestine, and socially despised practices to become very profitable legitimate market sectors that are being legalised and decriminalised by governments. She argues that through these practices women's subordination has been outsourced and that states that legalise this industry are acting as pimps, enabling male buyers in countries in which women's equality threatens male dominance, to buy access to the bodies of women from poor countries who are paid for their sexual subservience. This major and provocative contribution is essential reading for all with an interest in feminist, gender and critical globalisation issues as well as students and scholars of international political economy.
The invention of pornography : obscenity and the origins of modernity, 1500-1800
Blackness and sexualities
Why Internet porn matters
A pinch of snuff : a Dalziel and Pascoe novel
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Cruising the anime city : an otaku guide to Neo Tokio
Law, pornography and crime : the Danish experience
Through readings of texts and images, from premodern France and Italy as well as Anglo-American modernity, Sanctity and pornography in medieval culture exposes the complexity of bodily exposure in medieval devotion and contemporary pornographic cultures.
Portrait of the yuppie as a serial killer : the dark side of the American dream in Bret Easton Ellis's American psycho
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Pornography : the production and consumption of inequality
Men of Tattoos = Shisei no Otoko
Pornography : Marxism, feminism, and the future of sexuality
Pornography and sexual representation : a reference guide
The golden age of porn: nostalgia and history in cinema
Styles of radical will
Pornography and sexual violence : evidence of the links : the complete transcript of public hearings on ordinances to add pornography as discrimination against women: Minneapolis City Council, Government Operations Committee, December 12 and 13, 1983.
The new politics of pornography
In harm's way : the pornography civil rights hearings
Obscene profits : the entrepreneurs of pornography in the cyber age
Uniform behaviour: Steamy stories about men and women in uniform
Erotic bible to Europe : from kinky to chic
Wild zones : pornography, art and feminism
Erotic comics : a graphic history. Volume 1 : [From birth to the 1970s]
The visual culture reader / edited, with introductions by Nicholas Mirzoeff
Email from Nancy Nutsucker : representation and gendered address in online pornography
Sex exposed : sexuality and the pornography debate
Pornography and democratization : legislating obscenity in post-communist Russia
The jaguar and the anteater : pornography and the modern world
Media matrix : sexing the new reality
Internet child pornography and the law : national and international responses
Bibliography : research on pornography and sex in the media : a selection (1970-)
Diana E. H. Russell, well-known for her pioneer research on the prevalence of rape and child sexual abuse, the reality of wife rape, the trauma of incestuous abuse, and the misogynist killing of women (femicide), breaks new ground once again in her analysis of pornography and its relationship with misogyny and rape. In this unflinching and uncompromising volume, Diana E. H. Russell examines the relationships between pornography, misogyny, and rape. As the title implies, Russell contends that these relationships are in fact dangerous to women. Dangerous Relationships begins by dealing with the vexing and thorny issue of defining pornography and considers the various types of pornographic materials that are commonly available. Russell turns to the notion that hatred of women is a predominate aspect of pornography and that racist undercurrents are often exploited in visual pornography of all types. She examines the conception of pornography as a cause of rape and provides a rich body of statistical evidence supporting the relationship. Dangerous Relationships argues forcefully that pornography indeed has victims and is a call to arms against the misogyny it engenders. Because pornography is increasingly accessible through the Internet, CD ROMs, digital cameras, and new technology, Dangerous Relationships will be important to scholars in the fields of violence against women, child abuse, interpersonal violence, deviant psychology, sociology, and criminal justice.
The sexual exploitation of children : a practical guide to assessment, investigation, and intervention
Sex
Caught looking : feminism, pornography and censorship
Olli Piippo : ladies and gentlemen : Galerie Suvi Lehtinen, 2. December - 22. December 2011 / [text: Juha-Heikki Tihinen]
Feminism and pornography
The good girl
A history of pornography
Online pornography, normativity and the Nordic context
Whatever happened to sex in Scandinavia? / editors: Marta Kuzma and Pablo Lafuente ; managing editor: Tonja Boos
Cyber safety : an introduction
Seduced : art & sex from antiquity to now
Calling
Art/porn : a history of seeing and touching
Tangled in the web : understanding cybersex from fantasy to addiction
Dangerous relationships : pornography, misogyny, and rape
Post-porn modernist : my 25 years as a multimedia whore
The great American pin-up
Fleshy landscapes : malleable bodies
Does pornography matter?
Romantique : erotic art of the early nineteenth century
How to make love like a porn star : a cautionary tale
Sexuality studies
Pornography of meat
Problems of sex behavior
Love me like you hate me : lessons in pleasure and pain
Christians, feminists, and the culture of pornography
Pornodelic pleasures : Jess Franco cinema
Freedom and taboo : pornography and the politics of a self divided
The London satyr : [a novel]
Bad girls and dirty pictures : the challenge to reclaim feminism
Pimp state : sex, money and the future of equality
Sexual personae : art and decadence from Nefertiti to Emily Dickinson
Women, sex & pornography
