http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7172 sugar
sugar
Bioavailability of selenium : human and animal studies
Sea salt sweet : the art of using salts for the ultimate dessert experience
Sweet invention : a history of dessert
How does the use of different sugar products predict caries in 18-year-old Finns?
Ancient Indian life
Reconstruction in the cane fields : from slavery to free labour in Louisiana's sugar parishes 1862-1880
Challenges in measuring glycaemic index
Chemisrty of Cooking and Cleaning
Adolescent sugar choices in Belfast and Kuopio
Pure, white and deadly : how sugar is killing us and what we can do to stop it
I quit sugar for life : your fad-free wholefood wellness code and cookbook
Slaves, freedmen, and indentured laborers in colonial Mauritius
Detection of major mite pests of apis mellifera and development of non-chemical control of varroasis
Professional baking
Glycosylation and glycodiversification in polyketide antibiotics : unraveling biosynthetic steps in nogalamycin formation
Rye bread and glucose and insulin in healthy adults
Professional French pastry series . Volume 3, petits fours, chocolate, frozen desserts, and sugar work
How to quit without feeling s**t
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar - your brain’s silent killers
Professional cake decorating
Preterm birth and risk factors for chronic disease : Helsinki study of very low birth weight adults
The sugar detox plan : the essential 3-step plan for breaking your sugar habit
Loss of sugars contributes to accelerate postharvest senescence of broccoli. Several treatments have been developed to delay senescence, but in many cases their effects on sugar metabolism were not analyzed. We studied the effect of harvest at different times of day (08:00, 13:00 and 18:00 h) and of several postharvest treatments as heat treatment (HT), modified atmosphere (MA) and 1-methylcylcopropene (1-MCP) on sugar levels and activities of enzymes related to sucrose and starch degradation. Harvesting at the end of day delayed the loss of chlorophylls and caused the lowest decrement in sugars, although no differences in invertase, sucrose synthase and β-amylase activities were detected among samples. Treatments of MA and 1-MCP caused a lower loss of glucose and fructose, while HT caused a lower decrement of sucrose. Treated samples maintained higher levels of chlorophylls. The treatments reduced the activity of invertase and sucrose synthase and induced higher levels of β-amylase activity. Harvesting at the end of day and performing simultaneously a MA treatment could be a good combination to maintain the green color of the inflorescence and sugar levels during postharvest of broccoli.
Jamaican labor migration : white capital and black labor, 1850-1930
The wedding cake decorator's bible
Sugar : its production, technology, and use
Bioavailability of selenium : Human and animal studies
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar--your brain's silent killers
Creating celebration cakes and sugar flowers
Sugar power : sweet selection!
Maltose and maltotriose transport into ale and lager brewer's yeast strains
Fat planet : The obesity trap and how we can escape it
Oh sugar! : how to satisfy your sweet tooth naturally for a happy, healthy lifestyle
An Empire of plants : people and plants that changed the world
Catabolism of biomass-derived sugars in fungi and metabolic engineering as a tool for organic acid production
Cheaper raw materials for Europe's industries: sugar and starch
Assessment of village level sugar processing technology in Tanzania
Sweet stuff : an American history of sweeteners from sugar to sucralose
Sugar and society in the Caribbean : an economic history Cuban agriculture
Tiivistelmässä väärä nimi: SBR method technological design of sewage disposal in small town of China.
Cake decorating
Year of no sugar : a memoir
Nutrition in the '90s : current controversies and analysis
Melting behaviour and quantification of low amorphous levels in sugars and sugar alcohols with DSC techniques
Verflechtungsstrukturen der kolumbianischen Volkswirtschaft unter besonderer Berücksichtigung des Kaffee- und des Zuckersektors = Structural articulations in the Colombian economy with special reference to the coffee and sugar sectors
Sucrose load, calcium-deficiency and dental caries on molars of growing rats
Sugar processing and by-products of the sugar industry
Cost-effectiveness of insulin glargine compared to other long-acting basal insulins in the treatment of Finnish type 1 and type 2 diabetes patients based on individual studies
Sugar and society in China : peasants, technology, and the world market
Endothelial function and regulation of vascular tone in normal and complicated pregnancies
Narratives of colonialism : sugar, Java and the Dutch
Catalytic pretreatment and hydrolysis of fibre sludge into reducing sugars
Preparation and characterization of potato starch films plasticized with polyols
Beyond sugar shock : the 6-week plan to break free of your sugar addiction & get slimmer, sexier & sweeter
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Cake chic : stylish cookies ang cakes all occasions
Effects of cardiovascular risk factors on arterial stiffness and systemic hemodynamics
Policy choice under imperfect competition with an application to the Finnish sugar market
Cake chic : stylish cookies and cakes for all occasions
International dynamics of national sugar policies
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Electronic Technology in Home Medical Equipment in Chinese Market
In vitro synthesis and structural analysis of selected acceptor products of Weissella confusa VTT E-90392 dextransucrase
Assessment of risk and prevention of type 2 diabetes in primary health care
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
Liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry of bioactive secondary metabolites : in vivo and in vitro studies
Appetite control : the role of food composition and structure
Bittersweet : the story of sugar
Warner discusses sweeteners in the context of diet, science and technology, business and labor, politics, and popular culture.
Computational market dynamics studies of sugar markets
Sugar alcohols and mineral metabolism : an experimental study of the effect of dietary sugar alcohols on the mineral, electrolyte and acid-base balance of the rat
Sugar : a global history
Mixing saltiness with sweetness creates a magic alchemy... and some very mouthwatering desserts. Baird teaches you how to use fine artisian salts in sure-to-please reincarnations of classics and more exotic choices. – WorldCat.
Sugar : chemical, biological and nutritional aspects of sucrose
The sugar cane
Physical properties of sugar solutions and hydrogenation reactions of sugar into sugar alcohols over Ru/C monolithic catalysts
Fat chance : the Hidden truth about sugar, obesity and disease
Purification and fractionation by nanofiltration in dairy and sugar and sweetener industry applications
On baking : a textbook of baking and pastry fundamentals
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Utilization of tropical foods: sugars, spices and stimulants
Sugar : a bittersweet history
Sweeteners and sugar alternatives in food technology
The Finnish sugar industry 1756-1956 : 200 years of sugar industry
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
The Kate Venter sugar art collection
Liver insulin resistance and hyperglycemia : genetic determinants and association with cardiovascular risk factors
Tasting food, tasting freedom : excursions into eating, culture, and the past
World commodity outlook 1988 : food, feedstuffs & beverages
Carbohydrates and their properties in food chemistry
The impact of further tariff reduction on the EU sugar sector in the forthcoming multilateral round
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar : your brain's silent killers
The West Indies : patterns of development, culture and environmental change since 1492
Sugar heritage and tourism in transition
The effect of blood glucose on the vasculature in young patients with type 1 diabetes
Sugar has left a bloody trail through human history. Cane--not cotton or tobacco--drove the bloody Atlantic slave trade and took the lives of countless Africans who toiled on vast sugar plantations under cruel overseers. And yet the very popularity of sugar gave abolitionists in England the one tool that could finally end the slave trade. This book traces the history of sugar from its origins in New Guinea around 7000 B.C. to its use in the 21st century to produce ethanol.
Good sugar bad sugar : eat yourself free from sugar and carb addiction
Abstract (1 s.).
CAP working notes : 1995. Sugar
Studies in the processing, marketing and distribution of commodities : the processing and marketing of sugar : areas for international co-operation : report
History of the Caribbean : plantations, trade, and war in the Atlantic world
Catalytic hydrogenation of carbohydrates : modelling and kinetics. Production of alternative sweeteners
Effect of time of day for harvest and postharvest treatments on the sugar metabolism of broccoli (Brassica oleracea var. italica)
Effects of soil moisture on the germination and emergence of sugar beet (beta vulgaris l.)
The protection of sugarcane and sugar beets, January 1979 - February 1988 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
Fat Planet : The Obesity Trap and How We Can Escape it
The art of sugarcraft : sugar flowers
The essential guide to cake decorating
The no-sugar! desserts & baking cookbook : over 65 delectable yet healthy sugar-free treats
The case against sugar
Abstract.
Determinants and predictive value of markers of glycemia and dyslipidemia for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease
Glucose metabolism in preclinical type 1 diabetes
The book of sweets
Salt, sugar, fat : how the food giants hooked us
Agricultural trade policy and food security in the Caribbean : structural issues, multilateral negotiations and competitiveness
Beat
Brain maker : the power of gut microbes to heal and protect your brain - for life
Sweetening "bitter sugar" : Jock Campbell, the Booker reformer in British Guiana, 1934-1966
Glamour cakes
The EU sugar regime and forthcoming WTO obligations
Structure of the international sugar market and its impact on developing countries
100 little sugar decorations to make
Identification of biomarkers for type 2 diabetes
Seeds of change : five plants that transformed mankind
Sweetness and power : the place of sugar in modern history
Glucose metabolism in identical twins discordant for obesity : the critical role of visceral fat
Market access under the World Trade Organization : identifying sensitive agricultural products in the EU
Sweet negotiations : sugar, slavery, and plantation agriculture in early Barbados
Refined tastes : sugar, confectionery, and consumers in nineteenth-century America
Modelling the EU sugar policy
The condition of sustainability
Trade preferences in the EU sugar sector : winners and losers
Sugar changed the world : a story of magic, spice, slavery, freedom, and science
The use of lignocellulosic biomass for fermentative butanol production in biorefining processes
Sociology on the menu : an invitation to the study of food and society
Congenital hyperinsulinism in the Finnish population
"A social, cultural, and-above all-culinary history of dessert, Sweet Invention explores the world's great dessert traditions, from ancient India to 21st-century Indiana. Each chapter begins with author Michael Krondl tasting and analyzing an icon of dessert, such as baklava from the Middle East or macarons from France, and then combines extensive scholarship with a lively writing style to spin an ancient tale of some of the world's favorite treats and their creators. From the sweet makers of Persia who gave us the first donuts to the sugar sculptors of Renaissance Italy whose creativity gave rise to the modern-day wedding cake, this authoritative read clears up numerous misconceptions about the origins of various desserts, while elucidating their social, political, religious-and even sexual-uses through the ages" -- Provided by publisher.
The sugar markets and the everything but arms (EBA) of the European Union
International sugar agreement, 1992
The world sugar market : government intervention and multilaternal policy reform
Insect optomotor experiments in the dark using virtual reality
Factors, complications and health-related quality of life associated with diabetes mellitus developed after midlife in men
New isomerization technology for high fructose syrup production
The Finnish sugar sector and its multiplier effects
Development Cuban sugar industry
