http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7179 disabled people
disabled people people with disabilities
Mobility, sitting posture and reaching movements in children with myelomeningocele
Disability '99 : the world disability report
The right to decent work of persons with disabilities
The economics of disability
Special physical education : adapted, individualized, developmental
Independent living : the right to be equal citizens
In community : practical lessons in supporting isolated people to be part of community
Civil rights law and disabled people
The legal protection of persons with mental health problems under non-discrimination law : understanding disability as defined by law and the duty to provide reasonable accommodation in European Union Member States
The good people
Code of Professional Ethics for Rehabilitation Counselors
Individuals with physical disabilities : an introduction for educators
Opening hours : museums for all
The winter witch
Disability, theatre and education
Disability policies in European countries
Music for all : teaching music to people with special needs
Personalised assistive products : managing stigma and expressing the self
Legal capacity of persons with intellectual disabilities and persons with mental health problems
Part of the community : strategies for including everyone
Riding for the disabled
Work Ability : Project for the workers of a service home for mentally challenged adults
Freedom guide : paving the way towards free movement for persons with disabilities
Children's understanding of disability
Carersʼ viewpoint on residential practice: experiences from Kuninkaantie residential unit
Bibliography of Books for Handicapped Children : part II
Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Disabled Persons : adopted at the 17th Meeting of the Standing Committee of the Seventh National People's Congress on December 28, 1990.
This book is about being disabled and being poor and the social, cultural and political processes that link these two aspects of living. Environmental barriers, limited access to services and discriminatory attitudes and practice are among key elements that drive disabled people into poverty and keep them there. 'Disability and poverty' explores the lived realities of people with disabilities from across the developing world and examines how the coping strategies of individuals and families emerge in different contexts. It is aimed at the disability community, academics and policy makers in poverty and global welfare.
Nya bildsymboler för många fler = New graphical symbols for many more
The nature of special education : people, places and change
The story of beautiful girl
Divorce and the special needs child
Early intervention and the integration of handicapped and nonhandicapped children
The physically handicapped child : an interdisciplinary approach to management
"Social Work and Disability offers a contemporary and critical exploration of social work practice with people with physical and sensory impairments, an area that has previously been marginalized within both practice and academic literature. The book explores how social work practice can, and indeed does, contribute to the promotion of disabled people's rights and the securing of positive outcomes in their lives. The book begins by exploring the ways in which disability is understood and how this informs policy and practice. Opening with a thought-provoking account of the lived experience of a disabled person using social work services, it goes on to critically analyse theory, policy and contemporary legislative change. Inequality, oppression and diversity are the focus of the second section of the book, whilst the remainder offers an in-depth exploration of the social work practice issues in disability settings, including work with children, adults and safeguarding.Service-user and carer perspectives, case profiles, reflective activities and suggestions for further reading are included throughout the book. Social Work and Disability will be essential reading for social work students and practitioners. It will also be of interest to service-users and carers, students on health and social care courses, third sector practitioners and advocates."
Meal preparation and training : the health care professional's guide
Abstract. - Sammanfattning.
Social and Psychological Foundations of Rehabilitation
A strong basis for inclusion and equality : Finland's disability policy programme Vampo 2010-2015
Promoting Hope in Visually Impaired Patients in Finland
Psychosocial development and social support among adolescents with visual impairment
Data Bases and Disability
Summary of findings (s. 5-15).
Policy-practice gap in participation of students with disabilities in Ethiopia's formal vocational education programme
Caring for children with cerebral palsy : a team approach
Willingness to pay for work programs for disabled workers
Music for people with learning disabilities
Activity analysis, creativity and playfulness in pediatric occupational therapy : making play just right
The survey on the ratification processes of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities in seven states
Social work and disability
¡Me gusta la fiesta! : implementing a Mexican theme party for the residents of Kokkolan Hoitokoti
Listen to me : communicating the needs of people with profound intellectual and multiple disabilities
Increasing the impact of assistive technology
A teacher's guide to including students with disabilities in general physical education
Subtitling for the deaf and hard-of-hearing : the reception of Moulin Rouge! as a case study
Making aids for disabled living
Human Rights and Disabled Persons
Special educational needs in the early years
Integration of disabled persons into community life
Protective Measures in Working with People with Intellectual Disabilities : Carers' Views on Protective Measures and Client Participation
Barrier-free design : a manual for building designers and managers
Coming into the light  : Finnish Disabled People Speak Up
Approaches to case management for people with disabilities
Special education contained in educational magazines and school practice in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia, 1958-1990
Physical management for neurological conditions
Legal capacity in Europe : a call to action to governments and to the EU
Are Disabled People Included? : "All Human Beings are born free and equal in Dignity and Rights." : to commemorate the 50th Anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
The Sessions
Gathering blue
Rethinking disability : world perspectives in culture and society
Design for dignity : studies in accessibility
Can I let you go? : a heartbreaking true story of love, loss and moving on
The disabled schoolchild : a study of integration in primary schools
Gardening for the physically handicapped and elderly
Gaining and proving yourself in social competence : the ATLAS way
Partners in life : the handicapped and the church
Being different is normal : disability policy of the Province of Southern Finland for the years 2003-2006 : abridged policy document ; illustrations by Pirjo Kannisto
Framework for action on independent living = Fframwaith gweithredu ar gyfer byw'n annibynnol
Climbing for equality: overcoming social inequality through sport : a narrative inquiry into the sport lives of five visually disabled climbers in Mexico City
Far from the tree : parents, children and the search for identity
The extension branch of the Girl Guide movement : for girls who are invalids, deaf, blind or crippled ; and for the mentally defective
Lexique et liste des principaux termes utilisés dans le domaine de la réadaptation des invalides = Glossary and list of principal terms used in the rehabilitation of disabled persons /.
Textbook of sport for the disabled
Beautiful barrier-free : a visual guide to accessibility
The use of the international classification of impairments, disabilities and handicaps (ICIDH) in rehabilitation
Personalisation in social work
They can make music
Creating a transportation app for visually impaired people
Make a difference : a guidebook for person-centered direct support
Recovery yoga : a practical guide for chronically ill, injured, and post-operative people
The right to political participation for persons with disabilities : human rights indicators
Theraplay : helping parents and children build better relationships through attachment-based play
Social functioning ability : report of the International Seminar on Social Rehabilitation held at the University of Tampere, June 6-9, 1983
Quality of life for handicapped people
Multicultural issues in counseling : new approaches to diversity
Interaction between multiply disabled children and the computer
Abstract: The object of this bachelor's thesis was to study the prevalence of actualized protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior as well as to clarify carers' views on protective measures and client participation, and whether there are possibilities for empowerment. The setting for the study was Kuusela, a department offering care, guidance and rehabilitation to adults with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior. The theoretical framework for this study was based on values of the social field and the operating environment of Kuusela and how empowerment can be reached through participation and the right to subjectivity, self-determination, and dialog. Methods in acquiring the essential information were both qualitative and quantitative. Data on the prevalence of actualized protective measures was gathered through a documentary analysis. Data on carers' views on protective measures and client participation were gathered through a questionnaire consisting of a set of questions that were to be answered according to the Likert scale. The questionnaire also included two open-ended questions that required a written answer. The data were analysed according to qualitative content analysis. The results showed that the number of actualized protective measures had decreased from the year 2008 to 2010. Results on the carers' views showed that protective measures are needed and justified in their work. Although they seem conscious of the inhabitants' right to participatory working methods, it was not seen clearly in the everyday life. Obstacles in the implementation of this right were seen as being related to the inhabitants' shortcomings and the carers' attitudes and know-how. It can be concluded that continuous reflection on values and models of action is needed in order for the inhabitants' participation to be respected and implemented and for empowerment to be possible. The results showed that learning by living should be heightened through open professional discussions. The inhabitants' shortcomings should be dealt with in a professional manner and attitudes and knowledge on addressing these shortcomings should be dealt with through discussion and possibly through further training.
Monitoring manual & menu (MM&M) for CBR and other community-based disability inclusive development programs : manual
Handicap in a social world : a reader
Public education for children with brain dysfunction
Disability and Information Technology examines the extent to which regulatory frameworks for information and communication technologies (ICTs) safeguard the rights of persons with disabilities as citizenship rights. It adopts a comparative approach focused on four case studies: Canada, the European Union, the United Kingdom and the United States. It focuses on the tension between social and economic values in the regulation of ICTs and calls for a regulatory approach based on a framework of principles that reflects citizenship values. The analysis identifies challenges encountered in the jurisdictions examined and points toward the rights-based approach advanced by the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities as a benchmark in protecting the rights of persons with disabilities to have equal access to information. The research draws on a wealth of resources, including legislation, cases, interviews, consultation documents and responses from organisations representing persons with disabilities.
Look at it this way : new perspectives in rehabilitation
Protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities: carers' views on protective measures and client participation
Orientations in special education
Disability arts against exclusion : people with learning difficulties and their performing arts
The persecution of persons with disability and the duty of reasonable accommodation in the European Union’s Refugee Law
Supporting college and university students with invisible disabilities : a guide for faculty and staff working with students with autism, AD/HD, language processing disorders, anxiety, and mental illness
Keep on growing : a Herefordshire guide for disabled & elderly gardeners
Social work with disabled people
Improving residential life for disabled people
Routledge handbook of disability studies
The signs of language revisited : an anthology to honor Ursula Bellugi and Edward Klima
Fitness for work : the role of physical demands analysis and physical capacity asessment
Legislation to counter discrimination against persons with disabilities
Changing teachers' practices in regular schools enrolling children with visual impairment : an action research project in Tanzania
An Impossible Decision is the true story of Faye, a wonderful young woman who may never be able to parent her unborn child.
Equal Opportunities : Recruitment Handbook
Post-compulsory education for disabled people
Unshared care : parents and their disabled children
Handicapping conditions in children
Carrying out Corporate Social Initiative Actions : Case: VATES Foundation and Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto (HOK-Elanto)
Design for disability : a handbook for students and teachers
Handbook of special education : research and practice. Vol. 4, Emerging programs
PhD study on disability and international intervention in Central Asia
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Silver scorpion
Abstract: The objective of this thesis was to study the viewpoint of carers towards residential practice in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. Kuninkaantie Residential Unit is a residential unit for children and youngsters with disabilities in Espoo, Finland, which was opened in autumn   2010.   It offers temporary care for children and residential practice for youngsters. This final thesis was implemented by interviewing the carers of the youngsters in residential practice concerning both their experiences and expectations towards the service. The aim of this thesis was to gather material based on which the residential practice can be improved in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. This thesis was a qualitative study and six interviews were carried out as thematic interviews at the intervieweesʼ homes. Tentative questions had been divided into themes based on theories. These themes were; Co-operation, quality of life, and independent life.  The results of the thesis show  that mainly positive thoughts rose from the experiences of the carers. Especially the staff members and their knowhow were appreciated. Still, the information flow and general co-operation had been marginal and there were many opinions concerning the need for them. Some thought that the official residential practice had not  yet started and there was a hope for a possibility of common meetings in the future. The carers wanted to approach the function of the residential unit gently as it had started to function just recently. The actual building was criticized by nearly all the interviewees as from their point of view it limits the possibilities to a great extent. Individuality and planning the actions based on individuality were highlighted. This thesis process shows the importance of co-operation and working closely with the carers in order to improve the service for youngsters with disabilities. The co-operation enables the youngster to have a successful residential practice period based on empowerment, which will in the end lead to equal and good quality of life.
Computer vision interaction for people with severe movement restrictions
Sounds of silence : phonological awareness and written language in children with and without speech
A house for all children : planning a supportive home environment for children with disabilities
¡Me gusta la fiesta! : implementing a Mexican theme event for the residents of Kokkolan Hoitokoti
Disability and history
Special education for the '80s
Sports and physical activities for the physically disabled
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Wii-bändi : designing an expressive digital musical interface for therapeutic use with disabled people in a group setting
Flowers for Algernon
Disabled people and housing : choices, opportunities and barriers
Handling the handicapped : a guide to the lifting and movement of disabled people
The deaf child in the family and at school : essays in honor of Kathryn P. Meadow-Orlans
This book presents chapters by many eminent researchers and interventionists, all of whom address the development of deaf and hard-of-hearing children in the context of family and school. A variety of disciplines and perspectives are provided in order to capture the complexity of factors affecting development of these children in their diverse environments. Consistent with current theory and educational practice, the book focuses most strongly on the interaction of family and child strengths and needs and the role of educational and other interventionists in supporting family and child growth. This work, and the authors represented in it, have been influenced by the seminal work of Kathryn P. Meadow-Orlans, whose work continues to apply a multidisciplinary, developmental approach to understanding the development of deaf children. The book differs from other collections in the degree to which the chapters share ecological and developmental theoretical bases. A synthesis of information is provided in section introductions and in an afterword provided by Dr. Meadow-Orlans. The book reflects emerging research practice in the field by representing both qualitative and quantitative approaches. e chapters in the book may surprise readers in that they present a more positive view of family and child functioning than has historically been the case in this field. This is consistent with emerging data from deaf and hard of hearing children who have benefitted from early identification and intervention. In addition, it represents an emerging recognition of strengths shown by the children and by their deaf and hearing parents. The book moves from consideration of child and family to a focus on the role and effects of school environments on development. Issues of culture and expectations pervade the chapters in this section of the book, which includes chapters addressing effects of school placement options, positive effects of learning about deaf culture and history, effects of changing educational practice in developing nations, and the need for increased knowledge about ways to meet individual needs of the diverse group of deaf and hard of hearing students. Thus, the book gives the reader a coherent view of current knowledge and issues in research and intervention for deaf and hard of hearing children and their families.
Disabling laws, enabling acts : disability rights in Britain and America
Community-based rehabilitation CBR with and for  people with disabilities : draft joint position paper 2002.
Proceedings of the Conference on Telematics an Disability
International perspectives on disability services  : the same but different
Families in context : emerging trends in family support and early intervention
Evidence-based practice in educating deaf and hard-of-hearing students
European standards in adapted physical activity
Use of art based methods in nursing for intellectually disabled children
Christy Brown : the life that inspired My left foot
Inclusive middle schools
Telecommunications for all : COST 219
Linguistics of American Sign Language : an introduction [Elektroninen aineisto]
Lark and Termite
Ghost boy : the miraculous escape of a misdiagnosed boy trapped inside his own body
Proud child, safer child : a handbook for parents and carers of disabled children
Business Modelling for ICT based services targeted to Intellectually Disabled People
Methods of instruction for severely handicapped students
Summer on the short bus
Playground accessibility and usability for children with disabilities : experiences of children, parents and professionals
Multisensory museum : cross-disciplinary perspectives on touch, sound, smell, memory, and space
In through the front door : disabled people and the visual arts : examples of good practice
Pediatric spinal cord injury
Language choices and the need for interpreting services for deaf children and young people with cochlear implants
Balance improving exercise pool for intellectually and developmentally disabled
Studies on inequalities in information society : proceedings of the conference Well-Being in the information society : WIS 2012, August 22-24, Turku, Finland
The psychology of disability
Swimming for the disabled
The state of the world's children 2013 : children with disabilities
"The Routledge Handbook of Disability Studies takes a multidisciplinary approach to disability and provides an authoritative and up-to-date overview of the main issues in the field around the world today. Adopting an international perspective and consisting entirely of newly commissioned chapters arranged thematically, it surveys the state of the discipline, examining emerging and cutting edge areas as well as core areas of contention. Divided in five sections, this comprehensive handbook covers: Different models and approaches to disability How key impairment groups have engaged with disability studies and the writings within the discipline Policy and legislation responses to disability studies and to disability activism Disability studies and its interaction with other disciplines, such as history, philosophy and science and technology studies Disability studies and different life experiences, examining how disability and disability studies intersects with ethnicity, sexuality, gender, childhood and ageing. Containing chapters from an international selection of leading scholars, this authoritative handbook is an invaluable reference for all academics, researchers and more advanced students in disability studies and associated disciplines such as sociology, health studies and social work"--Provided by publisher.
Choice and control : the right to independent living : experiences of persons with intellectual disabilities and persons with mental health problems in nine EU Member States
In search of effective disability policy : comparing the developements [sic] and outcomes of the Dutch and Danish disability policies
The political economy of disability and development with special reference to India
Spatial interaction and local government expenditures for functionally impaired in Sweden
Monitoring manual & menu (MM&M) for CBR and other community-based disability inclusive development programs : menu
Ugly : my memoir
Handbook on inclusive design of telematics applications
The chosen ones
Prospects and problems of community based model of rehabilitation of disabled persons : the case of Akaki SSEP CBR in Ethiopia
A Struggle for choice : students with special needs in transition to adulthood
Roadmap for the prevention of maltreatment of persons with intellectual and/or multiple disabilities : evaluating and diagnosis = Roteiro para a prevenção de maus-tratos a pessoas com deficiência intelectual e/ou multideficiência : avaliação e diagnóstico
Mittavaatteet : raportti vammaisvaateprojektista = Måttsytt : rapport om klädprojektet för handikappade = report on the handikapped [i.e. handicapped] clothing project
Helios Flash : bimonthly newsletter of the Community action programme to assist disabled people
Creative arts and mental disability : the role of the creative arts in the development of young people and adults with mental handicaps and severe, profound or multiple disabilities
Abstract.
Designing web usability : [the practice of simplicity]
Learning disability today : key issues for providers, managers, practitioners and users
Telecommunication for Disabled People - the TDP Report
Housing arrangements for disabled people in Finland and German Democratic Republic : proceedings of expert meeting at Hyvinkää, Finland, May 30-31, 1988
Disability : statistics compendium
The act of life is a lived experience, common and unique, that ties each of us to every other lived experience. The fact of disability does not alter this fundamental truth. In this edition of 'Rethinking Disability: World Perspectives in Culture and Society', we are presented with a system of thinking that considers the values of disability, as a resource, as a creative source of culture that moves disability out of the realm of victimized people and insurmountable barriers, and provides opportunities to use the experience of disability to enter into networks that recognize strengths of differing abilities. The authors within will intrigue you, will move you, will charm you, but always will challenge your notion of sameness and difference as they confront the construct and (de)construct of disability and ableism. They present compelling arguments for viewing disABILITY through the multiple lenses of disability culture. They explore themes and issues that transcend past and origins, time and place, nuances of genetics, to experiences of present and becoming, and towards the future and beyond mere human, yet always intrinsically connected to being human. This book is intended for all audiences who dare to confront difference and sameness within themselves and in connection with others; to inspire researchers who wish to explore, and examine disability across social, cultural and economic barriers. It is an invitation to push away the barriers, bring ableism inside to a place where the prosthesis is no longer the elephant in the room.
Direct payments and personal budgets : putting personalisation into practice
The impact of new technologies on the quality of life of people with disabilities
Service-oriented assessment of quality of life of adults with intellectual disabilities
Barrier-free design : a manual for building designers and mnagers
Focus on nordic disability policies
So many Everests
Special school
Disability and information technology
Ghost boy
Indirect speech and language therapy for individuals with profound and multiple learning disabilities : an ecological perspective
Bibliography of Books for Handicapped Children : part I.
Adaptation and face and linguistic validation of the modified KWAZO and EATS- 2D instruments into Finnish circumstances
Great interactions : "it ain't what you do... it's the way that you do it"
Universal access to telecommunication services in Europe, volume II : The Guy Cobut Report
Disabled youth : from school to work
Behind the beautiful forevers : life, death and hope in a Mumbai slum
Disabled youth and employment
Special educational needs and the internet : issues for the inclusive classroom
Ethical approaches to physical interventions : responding to challenging behaviour in people with intellectual disabilities
Telecommunicatons - a means to independent living : Speeches at the Cost 219 Seminar at Lillehammer March 1994
Growing up with disability
Carers' Viewpoint on Residential Practice : Experiences from Kuninkaantie Residential Unit
The story of my life
Disability, culture and identity
Transport for disabled people : international coordination and standardisation of measures and policies to promote mobility
Bridges to accessibility
Perspectives on disability & rehabilitation : contesting assumptions; challenging practice
Activating housing environment for people with learning disabilities. : From the perspective of Lyhty's service users and their families
Disability, space and society
The government agenda on Personalisation and self-directed support is fast-moving and rapidly changing. It is vital therefore that students and practitioners alike are aware of the key issues and debates, as well as the policy that surrounds this area of practice. This timely and fully revised second edition provides an overview of the personalisation agenda and looks at the recent legislation in a broad historical and theoretical perspective. This approach will provide opportunities for students to consider the changes to the social work role and to evaluate the impact of this for service users and as practitioners.
Little bones
Assistive technology and affective mediation
Bato hindne batuvahru = The pedestrians
World programme of action concerning disabled persons : United Nations Decade of Disabled Persons, 1983-1992
Disability and poverty / : a global challenge
Half a king
Physical fitness and its testing in adults with intellectual disability
The book provides an accessible introduction to many of the current theoretical perspectives on disability; enabling readers to challenge the taken-for-granted nature of traditional knowledge and assumptions within the rehabilitation, health and community care industries, and encouraging a more critical approach both to the nature of rehabilitation following injury or illness and to the 'problem' of physical difference and disability. Through its interrogation and exploration of new theoretical perspectives on disability and rehabilitation, this book provides a unique text for students and practitioners of nursing, occupational therapy, physiotherapy and social work and for educators and researchers in these fields. Although rehabilitation practitioners claim to aspire to client-centred practice and advocate participatory modes of research, rehabilitation theory remains curiously estranged both from theoretical perspectives developed by disabled/disability theorists and from critical perspectives on 'disability' that are emerging from other academic disciplines. Thus, immune from alternate views, rehabilitation practitioners fail to question the premise that their professional assumptions are correct or 'right'. Contemporary theorists raise important questions, for example, about professional power, concepts of normality, independence and the physical body - issues central to rehabilitation - as well as to the role of the cultural environment in producing prejudice, the role of the social environment in creating disadvantage; and to issues of power and privilege and of the systemic oppression of disabled people. This book provides an introduction to the expanding body of critical work on disability by theorists from a range of perspectives, illustrating ways in which their theories and insights contest or support assumptions within rehabilitation theory. The book argues for a cross-fertilisation of ideas and challenges hierarchies of power in which nurses and therapists privilege their own assumptions, perspectives and knowledge, while overlooking or ignoring the perspectives both of disabled people and of other theorists.
Semi-sheltered employment for the disabled in the member states of the EEC
