http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7192 sisu
sisu
Lives with peatland
"In this must-read book for anyone striving to succeed, pioneering psychologist Angela Duckworth shows parents, educators, athletes, students, and business people--both seasoned and new--that the secret to outstanding achievement is not talent but a focused persistence called "grit."  Why do some people succeed and others fail? Sharing new insights from her landmark research on grit, MacArthur "genius" Angela Duckworth explains why talent is hardly a guarantor of success. Rather, other factors can be even more crucial such as identifying our passions and following through on our commitments.  Drawing on her own powerful story as the daughter of a scientist who frequently bemoaned her lack of smarts, Duckworth describes her winding path through teaching, business consulting, and neuroscience, which led to the hypothesis that what really drives success is not "genius" but a special blend of passion and long-term perseverance. As a professor at the University of Pennsylvania, Duckworth created her own "character lab" and set out to test her theory.  Here, she takes readers into the field to visit teachers working in some of the toughest schools, cadets struggling through their first days at West Point, and young finalists in the National Spelling Bee. She also mines fascinating insights from history and shows what can be gleaned from modern experiments in peak performance. Finally, she shares what she's learned from interviewing dozens of high achievers--from JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon to the cartoon editor of The New Yorker to Seattle Seahawks Coach Pete Carroll.  Winningly personal, insightful, and even life-changing, Grit is a book about what goes through your head when you fall down, and how that--not talent or luck--makes all the difference"--
The dip : a little book that teaches you when to quit (and when to stick)
Culture's impact on marketing communication : special emphasis on print advertising in Brazilian culture : a case study of Sisu Tractors Inc
Icebreaker Snow and the mystery at Hailuoto
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 2
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 8
GTO. Vol. 10 / [translator & English adaptation Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
Furnish a doll's house : an illustrated guide to creating miniature furniture, dolls and sccessories
A survival guide to Finnish : sauna, sisu & Sibelius : for businesspeople
Superbrands Finland : an insight into the strongest Finnish brands 2005
The seven dog brothers : being a doggerel version of The seven brothers, Aleksis Kivi's classic novel from 1870
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 3
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 5
Icebreaker Snow and the lost city
Grit : the power of passion and perseverance
GTO. Vol. 9 / [translator & English adaptation: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 1
Finnish swamp experiences : from toil and sweat to aesthetics
True grit : the epic true stories of survival and heroism that have shaped my life
GTO. Vol. 3 / [translator: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 4
GTO. Vol. 4 / [translator: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
The Finnish miracle : an inspiring model and a few cool stories from a self-made nation
Running on empty
Miss Jump the jockey
GTO. Vol. 1 / [translator: Dan Papia] ; [English adaptation: Santiago Hernandez, Jr.] : great teacher Onizuka
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 6
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 10
Rebranded new image : case AGCO SISU POWER
Icebreaker Snow and the mission on the Gulf of Finland
Partek and Sisu merge
Is sisu alive and well among Finnish Americans?
GTO. Vol. 6 / [translator: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 9
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 7
Finnish American ethnic identity and sisu
