http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7197 Stonehenge
Stonehenge
The prehistoric temples of Stonehenge and Avebury ; text: R. J. C. Atkinson ; photographs: John Green ; [line drawings by H. Mason]
Book of Stonehenge
Paganism is rapidly becoming a religious, creative, and political force internationally. It has found one of its most public expressions in popular music, where it is voiced by singers and musicians across rock, folk, techno, goth, metal, Celtic, world, and pop music. With essays ranging across the US, UK, continental Europe, Australia and Asia, 'Pop Pagans' assesses the histories, genres, performances, and communities of pagan popular music. Over time, paganism became associated with the counter culture, satanic and gothic culture, rave and festival culture, ecological consciousness and spirituality, and new ageism. Paganism has used music to express a powerful and even transgressive force in everyday life. 'Pop Pagans' examines the many artists and movements which have contributed to this growing phenomenon.
Stonehenge : mysteries of the stones and landscape
Inigo Jones on Stonehenge : architectural representation, memory, and narrative
Archaeology of the world
New treasures of the past : fresh finds that deep our understanding of the archaeology of man
Atlas of past worlds : a comparative chronology of human history 2000 BC - AD 1500
Monuments / Masterpieces of architecture
Mysterious places
Dorset, New Forest & Isle of Wight
Stonehenge complete
Great stone circles : fables, fictions, facts
International cultural tourism : management, implications and cases
Pop pagans : paganism and popular music
Science and Stonehenge
The Gothic enterprise : a guide to understanding the Medieval cathedral
Blood and mistletoe : the history of the Druids in Britain
Buildings that changed the world
Stonehenge : past and present
The age of Stonehenge
The wonders of the world : a popular and authentic account of the marvels of nature and of man as they exist to-day. Vol. 2
Stairways to the stars : skywatching in three great ancient cultures
The Stonehenge people : an exploration of life in neolithic Britain, 4700-2000 BC
Stonehenge : a new interpretation of prehistoric man and the cosmos
Stonehenge and its environs : monuments and land use
Prehistoric sacred sites of Wessex
From Stonehenge to the Baltic : living with cultural diversity in the third millennium BC
King Arthur's place in prehistory : the great age of Stonehenge
Wessex before the Celts
The stonehenge people
The making of Stonehenge
Prehistoric astronomy and ritual
Stonehenge of the kings : a people appear
The past displayed
Earthworks and beyond : contemporary art in landscape
Stonehenge and neighbouring monuments
