http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7196 girls
girls
A red herring without mustard : a Flavia de Luce novel
The girl with no name
Kieli. Volume 1 : The dead sleep in the wilderness
The drowning game : a novel
King's cage
Ceres. Vol. 1 : Aya / [English adaptation/Gary Leach]  ; [translation/Lillian Olsen] : celestial legend
Sankarea : undying love. 10
The secret lives of princesses
After being killed by a man who is trying to use her soul to gain immortality, Rose Marshall, still sixteen, has been on the run for sixty years, trying to outrace the man and regain her freedom.
The virgin suicides
Runaway rescue
Will Grayson, Will Grayson
The burning sky
Forest of ruin
Bite me: a love story
The island
A want so wicked
Fun and games
Anne of Green Gables
Son
Willowgrove
Little red lies
In 1814 London, Gretchen must put aside annoyance at the constant buzzing caused by being a Whisperer, concern about her twin brother, her growing feelings for a member of the Order of Iron Nail, and the boredom of being a debutante when a new menace threatens Mayfair.
In the fifth
Raising a daughter : parents and the awakening of a healthy woman
The witch's daughter
With her awful secondhand uniform and stuck-up classmates, Binny's new school is horrible. And life gets even worse when a storm damages the roof of her house, forcing Binny and her family to move to the countryside whilst it's being fixed. Binny, her sensible older sister Clem and her rambunctious brother James (and his chickens) begin adjusting to life in the country. Then one of James's beloved chickens vanishes and Binny finds strange footprints in the mud. What kind of creature is lurking in the undergrowth?
The girls
Who ate all the pies?
Twin Spica. vol 4
Construction of FTAs in the fictional world of Gilmore Girls
Writings about the Finnish Fandom of the Spice Girls Band
What's Ukrainian for football?
Walk two moons
Binny Cornwallis has lost some money. Money that wasn't really hers in the first place. With her best enemy Gareth and her beloved dog Max she turns detective to track it down, but the Cornwallis family are anything but helpful. Little brother James and his friend Dill are having an adventure of their own and big sister Clem is acting very strangely. And on top of all this, Binny suspects their next-door neighbour may be a witch ...
Perfected
Do princesses wear hiking boots?
Sankarea : undying love. 1
Orphan train : a novel
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Upper fourth
Death sworn
The trouble with goats and sheep
Everything, everything
Gum girl in countdown to destruction!
What more can we do? : developing a multicultural action plan for the Girls' House, a meeting place for girls and young women in Helsinki
Sparrow Hill Road
A breath of frost
Did I mention I miss you?
Shadow and bone
Shoulder-a-Coffin Kuro. Volume 2
The one
Sankarea : undying love. 6
The strongest girl in the world
My friends = Mis amigos
Bridge to Terabithia
The snow globe
City of a thousand dolls
Twin Spica. vol 7
Boundless
Emily of New Moon
The English roses. Book 5 : Big-sister blues
Blackwood : a hexed story
Picnic at Hanging Rock
Precious and the mystery of Meerkat Hill : a new case from Precious Ramotswe
As red as blood
Daisy and the trouble with Piggy Banks
Binny keeps a secret
Binny bewitched
The Christmas unicorn
The perfectionists
Shoulder-a-Coffin Kuro. Volume 1
The summer gang
Every other day
How to build a girl
Speaking from among the bones : a Flavia de Luce novel
One
Unearthly
The state of muslim girls in physical activities and sport and significance of parenting in islamic perspective : (the case of Central and Southern Finland)
As chimney sweepers come to dust : a Flavia de Luce novel
Twin Spica. vol 6
Daisy's back in town
The girl who soared over Fairyland and cut the moon in two
Unleashed
Cold burn of magic : a Black Blade novel
You don't know me
Nightspell
Love letters to the dead!
Vanished
The last little blue envelope
Acclaimed author Attica Locke reintroduces us to environmental lawyer Jay Porter (her Black Water Rising protagonist), who takes one last case on the behalf of the community of Pleasantville in this new thriller--only to become embroiled in its shadowy politics, a disturbing education in how far those in power are willing to go to win.
Zahrah the windseeker
Split second
The sea of innocence
Saint anything
Third year
My best friend's exorcism : a novel
Pony rebellion
Twin Spica. vol 9
Last term
Pornography at different steges of girls psycho-social development : context, subject and changing meanings
Blood bound
Abby and the notorious neighbor
Sankarea : undying love. 5
Association of body composition, physical activity and fracture history on postural sway in girls
Record of a night too brief
Ali's pretty little lies
Twin Spica. vol 3
Almas’ story : a young muslim refugee girl’s experiences as newcomer in Northern-Finland
Sisters in sanity
Darcy Burdock : hi so much
Sankarea : undying love. 11
Somewhere else
"A young elemental mage named Iaolanthe Seabourne discovers her shocking power and destiny when she is thrown together with a deposed prince to lead a rebellion against a tyrant"
Haunted : the riveting sequel to Dreaming Anastasia
Thornhill
Falling hook, line and sinker
The dead in their vaulted arches : a Flavia de Luce novel
How to be Parisian : wherever you are
The summer I turned pretty
Sankarea : undying love. 3
The good girl
Bizenghast. Issue 8
"When girls don't have to work that much they are doing better in school" : ethnographic case study on girls participation in Nepalese village school
The word on the yard
Brightly woven
A young elemental mage named Iaolanthe Seabourne discovers her shocking power and destiny when she is thrown together with a deposed prince to lead a rebellion against a tyrant
The heir
The dark heroine : dinner with a vampire
Humphrey Wescott, Earl of Riverdale, has died, leaving behind a fortune and a scandalous secret that will forever alter the lives of everyone in his family--including the daughter no one knew he had.... Anna Snow grew up in an orphanage in Bath, knowing nothing of the family she came from. Now she discovers that the late Earl of Riverdale was her father and that she has inherited his fortune. She is also overjoyed to learn she has siblings. However, they want nothing to do with her or her attempts to share her new wealth. But the new earl's guardian is interested in Anna....Avery Archer, Duke of Netherby, keeps others at a distance. Yet something prompts him to aid Anna in her transition from orphan to lady. As London society and Anna's newfound relatives threaten to overwhelm her, Avery steps in to rescue her and finds himself vulnerable to feelings and desires he has hidden so well for so long.
"The story of a teenage girl who's literally allergic to the outside world. When a new family moves in next door, she begins a complicated romance that challenges everything she's ever known. The narrative unfolds via vignettes, diary entries, texts, charts, lists, illustrations, and more"--
Twin Spica. vol 5
Sankarea : undying love. 4
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
Tabitha Posy was ever so nosy!
The secret life of bees
Drama education in the lives of girls : imagining possibilities
White skate wishes
Sankarea : undying love. 7
As plague ravages the overcrowded Earth, observed by a ruthless lunar people, Cinder, a gifted mechanic and cyborg, becomes involved with handsome Prince Kai and must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect the world in this futuristic take on the Cinderella story.
The selection series collection : The Selection / The Elite / The One / The Guard / The Prince
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
Wendy Quill is a crocodile's bottom
Can't I just kick it?
The Summer before
The Selection. Book 1, The Selection Series : [Elektroninen aineisto
First term
Becoming Jinn
Hallowed
Twin Spica. vol 1
Tarnished
New term
The professor's daughter
Siege and storm
The crown
Whisper the dead
Bad wolf : [a novel]
Dark heart of magic
Second form
And the mountains echoed
Sankarea : undying love. 9
Girls' world : making cool stuff for your room, your friends & you
Did I mention I love you?
Twin Spica. vol 2
Winter term
Abstracts of the refereed articles
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
The wonder of all things
Relation of physical activity and sex steroid hormones to total body bone area and mass in premenarcheal girls
Twin Spica. vol 8
The exorcist
Alison Dare. 1
Miller's Valley : a novel
Secrets &​ sapphires
Gathering blue
There's a mystery at the nearby stables - someone has stolen money and then poor Julie's horse. Can the third form help old girls Bill and Clarissa discover who is behind it?
Rebecca of Sunnybrook farm
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
Body and soul : a girl's guide to a fit, fun, and fabulous life
