http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7195 daughters
daughters
The wooden chair
Her father's sins
The familiar : one rainy day in May
This is your life, Harriet Chance!
Knowledge sharing in a Finnish MNC : a social process perspective
First one missing
My soul to keep
The painter of birds : [a novel]
Life, death and vanilla slices
When Hazel Nash was six years old, her father taught her: mysteries need to be solved. He should know. Hazel's father is Jack Nash, the host of America's favorite conspiracy TV show, The House of Secrets. After an accident leaves her with no memory, Hazel Nash must put together the pieces of her past and present to find the truth about her father and his connection to a corpse found with a book found in his chest.
Mind of winter
The day I lost you
Father loss : daughters discuss the man that got away
The unseen world
Her mother's shadow
She is not invisible
Vanishing acts
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
Someone else's child
When you reach me
Baby Doll
The living blood
Letters from Skye : a novel
Multilevel determinants of foreign direct investments entry mode strategies and subsidiary survival of multinationals in China : an analysis of Nordic firms
The island
The valley of amazement
At 32, Russell Green has it all: a stunning wife, a lovable six year-old daughter, a successful career as an advertising executive and an expansive home. He is living the dream, and his marriage to the bewitching Vivian is the center of that. But underneath the shiny surface of this perfect existence, fault lines are beginning to appear, and no one is more surprised than Russ when he finds every aspect of the life he took for granted turned upside down. In a matter of months, Russ finds himself without a job or wife, caring for his young daughter, and struggling to adapt to a new and baffling reality. Throwing himself into the wilderness of single parenting, Russ embarks on a journey at once terrifying and rewarding -- one that will test his abilities and his emotional resources beyond anything he ever imagined / WorldCat.
Foreign affiliates in Finland
Winter's tale
It is the aftermath of civil war in the vast pageant of planets and stars known as The Spin. Three years since he crushed the rebellion, Viklun Haas, industrialist and leader of the Hegemony, is eliminating all remnants of the opposition. Starting with his own daughter. But Fleare Haas, fighter for Society Otherwise has had a long time to plan her next move. Sprung from her remote monastery prison and reuniting with a team of loyal friends, Fleare's journey will take her across The Spin to the cluster of fallen planets known as the The Catastrophy Curve - and from exile, to the very frontiers of war. Meanwhile, in the brutal and despotic empire of The Fortunate, word is reaching viceroy Alameche of a most unusual piece of plunder from their latest invasion. For hundreds of millions of years, the bizarre planets and stars of The Spin itself have been the only testament to the god-like engineers that created it. Now, buried in the earth of a ruined planet, one of their machines has been found...
When my heart was wicked
Happy birthday
Where we belong
Silly sons and dozy daughters
Two by two
Bulletproof vest : the ballad of an outlaw and his daughter
White crow
Emotionally weird
Will Curtis's six-year-old daughter, Ella, knows her father will never leave her. After all, he promised her so when her mother died. And he's going to do everything he can to keep his word. What Will doesn't know is that the promise he made to his little girl might be harder to keep than he imagined. When he's faced with an impossible decision, Will finds that the most obvious choice might not be the right one. But the future is full of unexpected surprises. And father and daughter are about to embark on an unforgettable journey together.
Her mother's face
The alchemist's daughter
Parental and successor liability in EU competition law infringements
Stalin's daughter
Rape : a love story
Contemporary fiction. Della Hopkins has led a charmed life. Raised in rural New Hampshire by her widowed father Andrew, she now has a young daughter, a handsome fiancé, and her own search and rescue bloodhound. But as she plans her wedding, she is plagued by flashbacks of a life she can't recall.
The godless boys : a story of love and violence
Father of the rain
Finding Mr. Flood
Conversion of Nordea subsidiaries into branches : Nordic interconnectedness increases
The shadow of the sun : a novel
The love children
Civvy Street
International business : Adjusting to new challenges and opportunities
The chaos of stars
The heretic's daughter
The lost daughter
What my mother gave me : thirty-one women on the gifts that mattered most
The role of accounting in management control systems of firms having subsidiaries in the former Soviet Union
Summer of ghosts
Archipelago
Saving Phoebe Murrow
The House of Secrets
Pretty girls : a novel
The limit
Nordea Group intends to merge its large subsidiary banks operating in other Nordic countries to the Swedish parent company, which is supervised by the Swedish supervisory authority, Finansinspektionen. The importance of the change for Finland is heightened by Nordea's large market share..
Born evil
Creation machine : a novel of the Spin
The eternal party : understanding my dad, Larry Hagman, the TV star America loved to hate
Mother of the bride
Real mermaids don't hold their breath
Bad mothers united
It had to be you
How the father-daughter relationship affects the daughter's identity : a socio-psychological analysis of Sandra Cisneros's The House on Mango Street and Caramelo
Fear the worst
Tracing Iris : a novel
Miracles from heaven
The killing woods
Bone by bone
About Grace
The last mortal bond
Shadowed by grace : a story of monuments men
Multinationals in a new era : international strategy and management
What she left behind
Looking for Alibrandi
Saving Sophie
The newcomer
Love walked in : a novel
The winter people : a novel
Comparative analysis of knowledge transfer barriers from headquarters to foreign subsidiaries in a MNC
Father's day
The reaction
God help the child
All for you
When Leda's daughters leave home to be with their father, she decides to take a trip to a small coastal town in Italy, but soon after she arrives memories from her unsettled past come back to haunt her.
My totally secret diary : on stage in America
You
Lake country
Go set a watchman
Travelling with Pomegranates : a mother and daughter journey to the sacred places of Greece, Turkey, and France
"When you have a very famous father, like mine, everyone thinks they know him. My Dad, Larry Hagman, portrayed the storied, ruthless oilman JR on the TV series Dallas. He was the man everyone loved to hate, but he had a personal reputation of being a nice guy who fully subscribed to his motto: Have Fun, Don't Worry, Be Happy. Dad had a famous parent too, Mary Martin, known from many roles on Broadway, most memorably as Peter Pan. Off-stage she was a kind, elegant woman, who maintained the down home charm of her Texas roots. Both were performers to the core of their beings, masters at crafting their public images. They were beloved. And their relationship was complex and often fraught. My father never apologized for anything, even when he was wrong. But in the hours before he died, when I was alone with him in his hospital room, he begged for forgiveness. In his delirium he could not tell me what troubled him but somehow I found the words to comfort him. After he died I was compelled to learn why he felt the need to be forgiven. As I solved the troubling mystery of why my happy-go-lucky, pot-smoking, LSD-taking Dad had spent his last breaths begging to be forgiven, I also came to know my father and grandmother better than I had known them in life"--
A stain on the silence
Foolish lessons in life and love
The quest for the time bird
The story sisters : a novel
When a flood destroys Gavin Weald's home, tearing apart his family and his way of life, he doesn't know how to continue. A year later, he returns to his rebuilt home and tries to start again, but when the new rainy season arrives, so do his daughter's nightmares about the torrents, and life there becomes unbearable. So father and daughter and their dog - embark upon a voyage to make peace with the waters. Their journey will take them far from their Caribbean island home, into other unknown harbours and eventually across a massive ocean. They will sail through archipelagos, encounter the grandeur of the sea, meet with the challenges and surprises of the natural world. A miraculous future lies ahead of them, unknown territories await to be discovered. But it will take more than an ocean to put the memory of the flood behind them.
Mother of Pearl
Poison city
Enduring whispers about her absent mother's alleged merrow origins after her father drowns, twelve-year-old Neen questions her identity as she becomes increasingly torn between the worlds of the sea and her island home / WorldCat.
Apple and rain
Roots in China - childhood in America : the search of ethnic identity in between two cultures : the study of the mother-daughter dialogue in the film "The joy luck club"
Killer ball at Honeychurch Hall
Black Rabbit Hall
The secret between us
In time for Christmas
All about the hype
The distance between us
The fragile world
Last night at the Blue Angel
Between the lines
The soulmate
Kissing the virgin's mouth : a novel
But you did not come back
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Kat Stanford stumbles upon a hidden room in an abandoned wing at Honeychurch Hall. However, Kat's initial excitement soon ends in horror. There, lying on the cold, stone floor, Kat comes across the body of a young woman dressed in an Egyptian toga and wearing a tawdry fairground trinket around her broken neck. Suspicion falls on some of those who live at the Hall - both upstairs and down and even those who are just been passing through. Matters come to a head as a killer lurks amid the aristocracy, and Downton Abbey fans will want more Killer Balls at Honeychurch Hall.
Kissing Alice
A manual for cleaning women : selected stories
Winters in the south
A mother's secret
The mayor of Casterbridge : the life and death of a man of character
Look at me
The monarch : a thriller
Now that I've found you
Born in fire
The you I never knew
The OMG blog
Holly Mathews lives at a retirement home for the super wealthy that her mother manages on expensive Mercer Island, but when she meets Malik Buchannan, grandson of one of the residents, she allows him to think that she just visiting, so he will accept her as belonging to his A-list world--it is just supposed to be a summer fling, but soon she finds herself falling in love.
All of us and everything
He's the one
Purity : a novel
The mayor of Casterbridge
The defence
After her : a novel
The yellow houses
Mother, mother : a novel
Recent work on religion and gender in religious studies in Finland
The Reaction is the explosive sequel to Helena Coggan's stunning debut The Catalyst. For the first time in her life, fifteen-year-old Rose Elmsworth is alone. Her father, David, has been imprisoned and disgraced, a death sentence almost certain. She has been rejected by the Department, the amoral law-enforcement agency in which she grew up. Most dangerous of all is the terrible secret she and her father have been keeping all her life: if exposed, it has the power to destroy her. But Rose cannot stay hidden forever. Around her, the world is changing faster than either she or the Department can stop it. The laws which have for years maintained peace between magicals and non-magicals are breaking down, and two rival militias are gathering on the streets to prepare for a devastating war. As deeper, darker elements of her father's past emerge, Rose begins to understand that the rules of good and evil in which she has always believed will not protect her anymore. In a world of monsters, how long can trust, loyalty and justice survive? And how much will Rose herself have to change to stay alive?
Merrow
Lizzy lives with her father, Julian, and her brother, Ig, in North London. Two years ago her mother died, leaving in her trail a family bereft by her absence and a house still filled with her things: for Margaret was lively, beautiful, fun, loving; she kept the family together. So Lizzy thinks. Then, one day, Lizzy finds a letter from a stranger to her father, and discovers he has another child. Lizzy invites her into their world in an act of outraged defiance. Almost immediately, she realises her mistake. LOOK AT ME is a deft exploration of family, grief, and the delicate balance between moving forward and not quite being able to leave someone behind. It is an acute portrayal of how familial upheaval can cause misunderstanding and madness, damaging those you love most.
The good girl
A life without you
Land of hope and glory
Age of consent : a novel
The girls
Princess of the Silver Woods
In their mother's footsteps
Harvesting the heart
If I were you
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
The Peacock Emporium
Bleed for me
The marble collector
You will know me : a novel
Everything but the truth : an If only novel
Multinational corporation's headquarters-subsidiary relationship a potential barrier to internationalisation : a Nordic-Asian case study
Internationalization pathways of family SMEs
Gone astray
Terms of endearment : a novel : with a new preface
