http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7191 roman law
roman law
Civil law
Hadrian's perpetual edict: ancient sources and modern ideals in the making of a historical tradition
Roman law and common law : a companison in outline
Introduction to Roman law
An introduction to European legal history
The legal mind : essays for Tony Honoré
Textbook of Roman law
Women in Roman law & society
Origins of legislative sovereignty and the legislative state. Vol. 1, Corasius and the renaissance systematization of Roman law
Introduction to early Roman law : comparative sociological studies : the patriarchal joint family. 5:2, Sources and methods : the ancient Roman tradition
Studies in the civil judicature of the Roman Republic
Roman foundations of modern law
The Roman law tradition
Lex licinia sextia de modo agrorum : fiction or reality?
The Cambridge companion to Roman law
Legal transplants : an approach to comparative law
The ius respondendi and the freedom of Roman jurisprudence
Modern accounts of how the classical Romans sued each other tend to show the opponents willingly working together under the guidance of a magistrate, until their case was ready for trial. The parties found a convenient time to make their first appearance, at which time they decided on the details of their case, selected a judge, and received permission to go to trial. If any delay were necessary, the magistrate helped the parties in their arrangements to return. This picture is unrealistic: it presumes a high degree of cooperation between the parties, the personal stewardship of a magistrate, and the ready availability of a judge. This accepted picture emerged over time from a tiny amount of evidence. Justinian had no interest in preserving evidence on classical procedure, and subsequent generations of jurists often did not regard rules of procedure as worthy of interest. Recent years, however, have brought a flood of new evidence on classical Roman legal procedure. Metzger examines this evidence, painting a picture of litigation that is far less polite and far less orderly. He examines how the rules of procedure coped with the typical pretrial delays that the Roman system, and indeed any legal system, faces.
Roman law and hardship : law and the socio-economic crisis in the Late Roman Empire
Roman law : mechanisms of development
A casebook on the Roman law of delict
What was crime in ancient Rome? Was it defined by law or social attitudes? How did damage to the individual differ from offences against the community as a whole? This book explores competing legal and extra-legal discourses in a number of areas, including theft, official malpractice, treason, sexual misconduct, crimes of violence, homicide, magic and perceptions of deviance. It argues that court practice was responsive to social change, despite the ingrained conservatism of the legal tradition, and that judges and litigants were in part responsible for the harsher operation of justice in Late Antiquity. Consideration is also given to how attitudes to crime were shaped not only by legal experts but also by the rhetorical education and practices of advocates, and by popular and even elite indifference to the finer points of law.
A legal history of Rome
Studies in the Roman law of sale : dedicated to the memory of Francis de Zulueta
Law and life of Rome
Roman slave law
Freedom of contract and constitutional law : proceedings of the Colloquium of the International Association of Legal Science (IALS/Unesco) held in Jerusalem, September 1994
The later Roman Colonate and freedom
Roman law : linguistic, social and philosophical aspects
An introduction to Roman law
The law of persons in the later Roman Republic
A text-book of Roman law from Augustus to Justinian
Textbook on Roman law
Roman law and the legal world of the Romans
Offences against the State in Roman Law and the Courts which were competent to take cognisance of them
Lawyers in Roman republican politics : a study of the Roman jurists in their political setting, 316 - 82 BC
Pauli sententiae : a palingenesia of the opening titles as a specimen of research in West Roman vulgar law
Weber and the ideal of Roman law
The law of property in the later Roman republic
Justinian's institutes
The character and influence of the Roman civil law : historical essays
Contract of mandate in Roman law
Intellectual property and the public domain : an excursion into hyperreality?
The myth of Quintus Mucius Scaevola: founding father of legal science?
The duumviri in the Roman criminal law and in the Horatius legend
Fault in the formation of contract in Roman law and Scots law
"Borkowski's Textbook on Roman Law has been written with undergraduate students firmly in mind. The book provides a clear and highly readable account of Roman private law and civil procedure, with coverage of all key topics, including the Roman legal system, and the law of persons, property, and obligations. Aiming to provide a rounded picture of the subject, the author sets the law in its social and historical context, and demonstrates the impact of Roman law on our modern legal systems. A major feature of the book is the inclusion throughout of extracts in translation from the most important sources of Roman law: the Digest and the Institutes of Justinian. Annotated further reading sections at the end of each chapter act as a guide to further enquiry. The book is accompanied by an extensive Online Resource Centre, containing the following resources: -Self-test multiple choice questions -Interactive timeline -Biographies of key figures -Glossary of Latin terms -Annotated web links -Original Latin versions of the extracts from the Digest and the Institutes -Examples of textual analysis of Roman law texts -Guide to the literature and sources of Roman law"--
This book reflects the wide range of current scholarship on Roman law. The essays, newly commissioned for this volume, cover the sources of evidence for classical Roman law; the elements of private law, as well as criminal and public law; and the second life of Roman law in Byzantium, in civil and canon law, and in political discourse from AD 1100 to the present. Roman law nowadays is studied in many different ways, which is reflected in the diversity of approaches in the essays. Some focus on how the law evolved in ancient Rome, others on its place in the daily life of the Roman citizen, still others on how Roman legal concepts and doctrines have been deployed through the ages. All of them are responses to one and the same thing: the sheer intellectual vitality of Roman law, which has secured its place as a central element in the intellectual tradition and history of the West.
Introduction to early Roman law : comparative sociological studies : the patriarchal joint family. 3:1, Patria potestas : the nascent law
The institutes of Gaius
Landlords and tenants in imperial Rome
History of Roman legal science
In this book, Andrew Riggsby offers a survey of the main areas of Roman law, both substantive and procedural, and how the legal world interacted with the rest of Roman life. Emphasising basic concepts, he recounts its historical development and focuses in particular on the later Republic and early centuries of the Roman Empire. The volume is designed as an introductory work, with brief chapters that will be accessible to college students with little knowledge of legal matters or Roman antiquity. The text is also free of technical language and Latin terminology. It can be used in courses on Roman law, Roman history, or comparative law, but it will also serve as a useful reference for more advanced students and scholars.
The evolution of law
Roman law and english jurisprudence yesterday and today : an inaugural lecture
Law and crime in the Roman world
The philosophical origins of modern contract doctrine
Studying Roman Law provides a brief introduction to the legal world of the Romans. It contains an overview of the sources of Roman private law together with a survey of the main areas of the law. It also explains the context in which these rules operated and the mechanisms by which they were enforced against the backdrop of one of the most sophisticated and influential legal systems of the ancient world.
The magic mirror : Roman law and the idea of historiography
History and principles of Roman private law
The spirit of Roman law
Classical Roman law
The Roman law of slavery : the condition of the slave in private law from Augustus to Justinian
Studies on the roman law of contract
Munita coniugia : the emperor Constantine's legislation on marriage and the family
Historical introduction to the study of Roman law
Leage's Roman private law founded on the Institutes of Gaius and Justinian
Borkowski's textbook on Roman law
This history of Roman arbitration covers a long period and a vast area, from a small Italian city, 6th century BC, to every part of the Roman empire, 7th century AD. By then, Justinian's comprehensive codification had been completed but the Arab conquest of Egypt had shown the empire was finished. It describes the procedures by which those who lived under Roman administration dealt with their disputes. It relies not only on the great mass of legal learning preserved in Justinian's Corpus Juris but on literary works (including the works of surveyor-arbitrators) and on original sources which have survived by chance as public inscriptions on stone and bronze, or private documents on wax tablets and papyrus. They reveal much more than the technicalities of law and practice. They bring back to life the men and women who believed that by mediation and arbitration they could get their problems resolved: electoral corruption; boundaries; the quality of wine; niggling family rows resolved by the papyrus deeds in an arbitrator's files from a long lost town in Roman Egypt. Mediators and arbitrators everywhere, not only in jurisdictions directly influenced by Roman law, still think in categories and use techniques inherited from their Roman forebears.
Litigation in Roman law
Principles of Roman law
Roman law and common law : a companison in outlaw
The sources of Roman Law : problems and methods for ancient historians
Historical conspectus of Roman law
Ancient Roman lawyers and modern legal ideals : studies on the impact of contemporary concerns in the interpretation of ancient Roman legal history
Roman law : an historical introduction
Roman private law around 200 B.C
Encyclopedic dictionary of Roman law
Women and Roman law in late antiquity
Roman arbitration
Studies in Roman private law
The changing profile of the natural law
The law of obligations in the later Roman Republic
The reception of continental ideas in the common law world 1820-1920
Legal origins and legal change
Introduction to early Roman law : comparative sociological studies : the patriarchal joint family. 4:1, Sources and methods : primary sources
The Roman law of marriage
