http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7204 apocrypha
apocrypha apocryphal books
Treasures of wisdom : studies in Ben Sira and the Book of Wisdom : Festschrift M. Gilbert
History, ideology and Bible interpretation in the Dead Sea Scrolls : collected studies
Deuterocanonical additions to the Old Testament books : selected studies
Understanding wisdom literature : conflict and dissonance in the Hebrew text
The non-canonical gospels
1 Enoch : a new translation : based on the Hermeneia commentary
Apocryphal gospels : an introduction
The first book of Maccabees
The apocryphal literature : a brief introduction
The Old Testament pseudepigrapha. 1, [Apocalyptic literature and testaments]
Thomas and the Gospels : the case for Thomas's familiarity with the Synoptics
The wisdom of Solomon : a new translation with introduction and commentary
The Gospel of Thomas and Jesus
The book of wisdom : an English translation with introduction and commentary
Early Christians built on the stories of Jesus' and Mary's birth and childhood. Their later accounts, many of them found nowadays among collections of non-canonical ('apocryphal') texts, are important and interesting. They give insights into the growth of Christian theology, especially concerning the role and status of Mary, and also the way in which the earliest stories were elaborated and interpreted in popular folk religion. A range of the earliest accounts is presented here in fresh translations. This second edition contains some texts originally in a variety of different languages such as Armenian, Ethiopic, Coptic and Irish, not available at the time of the first edition. The texts are arranged in small units and synoptically, in order to permit readers to compare texts and to see the differences and similarities between them. J.K. Elliott has selected and arranged the texts, and he provides introductory and concluding chapters. He also includes a full and helpful bibliography to benefit readers who may wish to pursue this comparative study more deeply.
Barnabas, Hermas and the Didache : being the Donnellan lectures delivered before The University of Dublin in 1920
Bart Ehrman—the New York Times bestselling author of Misquoting Jesus and a recognized authority on the early Christian Church—and Zlatko Plese here offer a groundbreaking edition of the Apocryphal Gospels, one that breathes new life into the non-canonical texts that were once nearly lost to history. In The Other Gospels, Ehrman and Plese present a rare compilation of over 40 ancient gospel texts and textual fragments that do not appear in the New Testament. This essential collection contains Gospels describing Jesus's infancy, ministry, Passion, and resurrection, as well as the most controversial manuscript discoveries of modern times, including the most significant Gospel discovered in the 20th century—the Gospel of Thomas—and the most recently discovered Gospel, the Gospel of Judas Iscariot. Each translation begins with a thoughtful examination of key historical, literary, and textual issues that places each Gospel in its proper context. The end result is a resource that enables anyone interested in Christianity or the early Church to understand—better than ever before—the deeper meanings of these apocryphal Gospels. The Other Gospels is much more than an annotated guide to the Gospels. Through its authoritative use of engaging, accurate translations, it provides an unprecedented look at early Christianity and the New Testament. This is an indispensable volume for any reader interested in church history, antiquity, or the Christian faith.
2. Maccabees : a new translation with introduction and commentary
Miryam T. Brand explores how texts of the Second Temple period address the theological problem of the existence of sin and describe the source of human sin. By surveying the relevant Apocrypha, Pseudepigrapha, and Dead Sea Scrolls, as well as the works of Philo and (where relevant) Josephus, the study determines the extent to which texts' presentation of sin is influenced by genre and sectarian identification and identifies central worldviews regarding sin in the Second Temple period. The analysis is divided into two parts; the first explores texts that reflect a conviction that the source of sin is an innate human inclination, and the second analyzes texts that depict sin as caused by demons. The author demonstrates that the genre or purpose of a text is frequently a determining factor in its representation of sin, particularly influencing the text's portrayal of sin as the result of human inclination versus demonic influence and sin as a free choice or as predetermined fact. Second Temple authors and redactors chose representations of sin in accordance with their aims. Thus prayers, reflecting the experience of helplessness when encountering God, present the desire to sin as impossible to overcome without divine assistance. In contrast, covenantal texts (sectarian texts explaining the nature of the covenant) emphasize freedom of choice and the human ability to turn away from the desire to sin. Genre, however, is not the only determining factor regarding how sin is presented in these texts. Approaches to sin in sectarian texts frequently built upon already accepted ideas reflected in nonsectarian literature, adding aspects such as predestination, the periodization of evil, and a division of humanity into righteous members and evil nonmembers.
The early Christian Church was a chaos of contending beliefs. Some groups of Christians claimed that there was not one God but two or twelve or thirty. Some believed that the world had not been created by God but by a lesser, ignorant deity. Certain sects maintained that Jesus was human but not divine, while others said he was divine but not human. In Lost Christianities, Bart D. Ehrman offers a fascinating look at these early forms of Christianity and shows how they came to be suppressed, reformed, or forgotten. All of these groups insisted that they upheld the teachings of Jesus and his apostles, and they all possessed writings that bore out their claims, books reputedly produced by Jesus's own followers. Modern archaeological work has recovered a number of key texts, and as Ehrman shows, these spectacular discoveries reveal religious diversity that says much about the ways in which history gets written by the winners. Ehrman's discussion ranges from considerations of various "lost scriptures"--including forged gospels supposedly written by Simon Peter, Jesus's closest disciple, and Judas Thomas, Jesus's alleged twin brother--to the disparate beliefs of such groups as the Jewish-Christian Ebionites, the anti-Jewish Marcionites, and various "Gnostic" sects. Ehrman examines in depth the battles that raged between "proto-orthodox Christians"-- those who eventually compiled the canonical books of the New Testament and standardized Christian belief--and the groups they denounced as heretics and ultimately overcame. Scrupulously researched and lucidly written, Lost Christianities is an eye-opening account of politics, power, and the clash of ideas among Christians in the decades before one group came to see its views prevail.
The Acts of Paul and Thecla : a critical introduction and commentary
The Old Testament pseudepigrapha. 2, Expansions of the "Old Testament" and legends, wisdom and philosophical literature, prayers, psalms, and odes, fragments of lost Judeo-Hellenistic works
The Christian Apocrypha burst into the public consciousness in 2003, following the publication of The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown. Interest in the wide assortment of texts not included in the Bible has remained strong ever since. Although much has been written and said on the subject, misunderstandings still abound. Tony Burke's Secret Scriptures Revealed dismantles the many myths and misconceptions about the Christian Apocrypha and straightforwardly answers common questions like these: Where did the apocryphal texts come from and who wrote them? Why were they not included in the Bible? Is reading these texts harmful to personal faith? The book describes and explains numerous fascinating apocryphal stories, including many that are not well known. Instead of dismissing or smearing the Christian Apocrypha, Burke shows how these texts can help us better understand early Christian communities and the canonical Bible.
The Didache : the epistle of Barnabas, the epistles and the martyrdom of St. Polycarp, the fragments of Papias, the epistle to Diognetus
The Fortress Commentary on the Bible: Old Testament and Apocrypha presents a balanced synthesis of current scholarship, enabling readers to interpret Scripture for a complex and pluralistic world. The contributors bring a rich diversity of perspectives to the task of connecting solid historical critical analysis of the Scripture with sensitivity to theological, cultural, and interpretive issues arising in our encounter with the text. The contributors represent a broad array of theological commitment—Protestants, Catholics, Jews, and others. The introductory articles and section introductions in the volume discuss the dramatic challenges that have shaped contemporary interpretation of the Old Testament and Apocrypha. Individual book articles provide an introduction and commentary on key sense units that are explored through the lenses of three critical questions: The text in its ancient context. What did the text probably mean in its original historical and cultural context? The text in the interpretive tradition. How have centuries of reading and interpreting shaped our understanding of the text? The text in contemporary discussion. What are the unique challenges and interpretive questions that arise for readers and hearers of the text today? The result is a commentary that is comprehensive and useful for preaching, teaching, and research.
Secret scriptures revealed : a new introduction to the Christian Apocrypha
Richard I. Pervo provides the most complete translation of the pseudepigraphic Acts of Paul in English, together with a detailed commentary. The research perspective of this work is primarily literary, with detailed attention to the history of composition and revision. The author encourages a fresh look at this section of the 'Apocraphal Acts' through the lens of the Pauline legacy and in the context of ancient popular narrative.
Scholars who accept Ben Sira's comments on women at face-value or ignore parallel comments about men preclude fundamental questions about the functions of these statements and about their contexts. Gender in the Book of Ben Sira provides a distinctly-different perspective on the discourse of gender in the extant Hebrew manuscripts. The focus on wordplay, genre-constraints, and topics named in the book's subtitle - Divine Wisdom, Erotic Poetry, and the Garden of Eden - expands the boundaries for studies of gender.
Was 1 Esdras first? : an investigation into the priority and nature of 1 Esdras
The new English Bible with the Apocrypha
The Gospel of Judas : together with the Letter of Peter to Philip, James, and a Book of Allogenes from Codex Tchacos
Family and kinship in the deuterocanonical and cognate literature
The emergence of Christianity : collected studies III
The gospel of Thomas
Cosmos, chaos and the Kosher mentality
Paul and pseudepigraphy
The Vulgate of Tobit compared with other ancient witnesses
Seeking the favor of God, 1. Vol. 1, The origins of penitential prayer in Second Temple Judaism
Introducing the Apocrypha : message, context, and significance
Commission narratives : a comparative study of the canonical and apocryphal acts
Byzantine hymnography for the Feast of the Entrance of the Theotokos : an intermedial approach
The Oxford Bible Commentary is a Bible study and reference work for 21st century students and readers that can be read with any modern translation of the Bible. It offers verse-by-verse explanation of every book of the Bible by the world's leading biblical scholars. From its inception, OBC has been designed as a completely non-denominational commentary, carefully written and edited to provide the best scholarship in a readable style for readers from all different faith backgrounds. It uses the traditional historical-critical method to search for the original meaning of the texts, but also brings in new perspectives and insights - literary, sociological, and cultural - to bring out the expanding meanings of these ancient writings and stimulate new discussion and further enquiry. Newly issued in a series of part volumes, the OBC is now available in an affordable and portable format for the commentaries to the books of the Apocrypha. Includes a general introduction to using the Commentary, in addition to an introduction to study of the Apocrypha.
Irish Biblical Apocrypha : selected texts in translation
Biblical masculinities foregrounded
The Holy Bible : containing the Old and New Testaments : New Revised Standard Version
Acts of Paul : a new translation with introduction and commentary
The "Gospel of Peter", the canonical gospels and oral tradition
Joseph and Aseneth
Emotions from Ben Sira to Paul
This collection of apocryphal writings supersedes the best-selling edition by M. R. James, first published in 1924. Since then, several new works have come to light, and the textual base for some of the works previously translated by James is now more secure. In this volume, J. K. Elliott presents new translations of the texts into modern English, together with a short introduction and bibliography for each of them. The collection is designed to give readers the most important and famous non-canonical Christian writings, many of them popular legends with an enormous influence on later, particularly medieval, art and literature, as well as on later beliefs and practices of the Church.
The Nag Hammadi library in English
Wisdom of Solomon
Evil within and without : the source of sin and its nature as portrayed in second temple literature
Judith : a new translation with introduction and commentary
The Apocryphal Acts of Andrew
"Compilation of little-known and never-before-published apocryphal Christian texts in English translation This anthology of ancient nonbiblical Christian literature presents introductions to and translations of little-known apocryphal texts from a wide variety of genres, most of which have never before been translated into any modern language. An introduction to the volume as a whole addresses the most significant features of the included writings and contextualizes them within the contemporary (quickly evolving) study of the Christian Apocrypha. The body of the book comprises thirty texts that have been carefully introduced, annotated, and translated into readable English by eminent scholars. Ranging from the second century to early in the second millennium, these fascinating texts provide a more complete picture of Christian thought and expression than canonical texts alone can offer"-- provided by publisher.
The origins of Jewish mysticism
Jewish cult and Hellenistic culture : essays on the Jewish encounter with Hellenism and Roman rule
The son of man in the parables of Enoch and in Matthew
New Testament Apocrypha : more noncanonical scriptures. Volume 1
Early Christian voices : in texts, traditions, and symbols : essays in honor of François Bovon
Pneuma and realized eschatology in the Book of Wisdom
The metaphorical use of language in deuterocanonical and cognate literature
In this new commentary on the controversial Gospel of Thomas, Simon Gathercole provides the most extensive analysis yet published of both the work as a whole and of the individual sayings contained in it. This commentary offers a fresh analysis of Thomas not from the perspective of form criticism and source criticism but seeks to elucidate the meaning of the work and its constituent elements in its second-century context. With its lucid discussion of the various controversial aspects of Thomas, and treatment of the various different scholarly views, this is a foundational work of reference for scholars not just of apocryphal Gospels, but also for New Testament scholars, Classicists and Patrologists.
New Testament Apocrypha. 2, Writings relating to the apostles ; Apocalypses and related subjects
The Apocrypha
The book of Baruch : also called I Baruch (Greek and Hebrew)
Daniel, Esther and Jeremiah: the additions : a new translation with introduction and commentary
Scripture and interpretation : Qumran texts that rework the Bible
"Non-canonical" religious texts in early Judaism and early Christianity
Thomas at the crossroads : essays on the Gospel of Thomas
The Gospel of Judas : Coptic text, translation, and historical interpretation of the 'Betrayer's Gospel'
The lost Bible : forgotten scriptures revealed
The Gospel of Thomas : introduction and commentary
Introductory Coptic reader : selections from the Gospel of Thomas with full grammatical explanations
What have women to do with the rise of canon-consciousness in early Judaism? Quite a lot, Claudia Camp argues, if the book written by the early second-century BCE scribe, Ben Sira, is any indication. One of the few true misogynists in the biblical tradition, Ben Sira is beset with gender anxiety, fear that his women will sully his honor, their shame causing his name to fail from the eternal memory of his people. Yet the same Ben Sira appropriates the idealized figure of cosmic Woman Wisdom from Proverbs, and identifies her with 'the book of the covenant of the most high God, the law that Moses commanded us'. This, then, is Ben Sira's dilemma: a woman (Wisdom) can admit him to eternity but his own women can keep him out. It is Camp's thesis that these conflicted perceptions of gender are fundamental to Ben Sira's appropriation and production of authoritative religious literature, and that a critical analysis of his gender ideology is thus essential for understanding his relationship to an emerging canon. Ben Sira writes a book, and writes himself into his book, creating a possession into which he can sublimate his anxiety about the women he cannot truly possess and the God he cannot truly trust. What is more, if Ben Sira can be considered representative of his scribal class and context, his work may also provide a window into aspects of the larger cultural process of canon building, including the question of whether we would have a canon at all—or have the canon we have—if the men in that particular patriarchal culture had not coded it in the gendered terms that Ben Sira did.
Studies on the Syriac apocryphal psalms
Old Testament pseudepigrapha and the Scriptures
Thomasine traditions in antiquity : the social and cultural world of the Gospel of Thomas
A synopsis of the Apocryphal nativity and infancy narratives
1. Esdras : from origin to translation
Asking for a meaning : a study of Enoch 1-5
Secret Gospels : essays on Thomas and the secret Gospel of Mark
Sacra scriptura : how "non-canonical" texts functioned in early Judaism and early Christianity
Recueil de vingt-cinq articles scientifiques sur le livre de Ben Sira. Dix sont rédigés en anglais et quinze en français. Ces études ont été publiées entre 1974 et 2011. Elles sont regroupées en sept parties: I. Problème généraux, II. Ben Sira chez les Pères de l'Église, III. Exégèse de sept textes, IV. Les additions de la seconde édition, V. Trois thèmes (Ben Sira et la femme, la prière dans le livre de Ben Sira et Sagesse et culte selon Ben Sira), VI. Intertextualité (Ben Sira et Genèse, Qohélet, Sagesse de Salomon), VII. Aujourd'hui (status questionis). L'ouvrage s'achève par un index des noms propres cités et par un copieux index des références. Ce recueil intéresse non seulement les spécialistes de l'œuvre de Ben Sira dans son texte original hébreu et dans ses versions antiques, mais aussi les théologiens que la pensée de Ben Sira et sa place dans les Écritures préoccupent.
Gospels of the marginalized : the redemption of doubting Thomas, Mary Magalene, and Judas Iscariot in early Christian literature
The Anchor Bible. Vol. 42, I and II Esdras : introduction, translation and commentary
The wisdom of Ben Sira : studies on tradition, redaction, and theology
Divine Judgement and divine benevolence in the Book of Wisdom
Tendentious hagiographies : Jewish propagandist fiction BCE
Torah in 1Maccabees : a literary critical approach to the text
The Holy Bible : containing the Old and New Testaments with the Apocryphal / Deuterocanonical books
Third Corinthians : reclaiming Paul for Christian orthodoxy
Das Thomasevangelium : Entstehung, Rezeption, Theologie
The Apocryphal New Testament : being the Apocryphal Gospels, Acts, Epistles, and Apocalypses, with other narratives and fragments
Gender in the book of Ben Sira : divine wisdom, erotic poetry, and the Garden of Eden
Pseudepigraphic perspectives : the apocrypha and pseudepigrapha in light of the Dead See scrolls : proceedings of the International Symposium of the Orion Center for the Study of the Dead See Scrolls and Associated Literature, 12-14 January
Full of praise : an exegetical study of Sir 39, 12-35
Discusses various conceptions of family and kinship in the context of deuterocanonical literature. After analyzing the topic family in a narrow sense of the term, this book includes articles that investigate general ideas of morality, respect, or love and take a look at representations of gender, and social norms in Judaism and Early Christianity.
The Mount Sinai Arabic Version of IV Ezra
Many of the writings deemed 'apocryphal' and 'pseudepigraphical' were in circulation in the early centuries of Judaism and Christianity. Their influences and impacts on the development of early communities, and the development of Jewish and Christian thoughts, have not yet been sufficiently examined. While this judgment is especially true for the so-called Christian Apocrypha, it also applies for other writings that were not included in the Jewish and Christian Bibles and nor in other sacred collections of Scripture, like Rabbinics and Patristics. Most of these ancient writings functioned, to some degree, as sacred texts or scripture-sacra scriptura-in the communities in which they were produced and in others to which they circulated.This volume focuses on how some of these forgotten voices were heard within numerous early religious communities, helping to remove the distressing silence in many areas of the ancient world.
The Greek traditions of proper names in the Book of First Esdras and the problems of their transfer into a modern translation in the light of a new Finnish version
Ben Sira is properly regarded as one of the most significant representatives of Jewish wisdom literature. Georg Sauer, the renowned Viennese Old Testament scholar, addresses the many sides of these scriptural writings in the present volume. He explores text-immanent questions regarding the structure, content, and theological meaning of Ben Sira's book in consideration of evidence from Hebrew and Greek texts. In addition, this study illuminates the historical background and context for Ben Sira's work as well as explores questions about the history of its interpretation in Judaism and Christianity.
The Old Testament Apocrypha in the Slavonic tradition : continuity and diversity
The Epistle of Barnabas and the Deuteronomic tradition : polemics, paraenesis, and the legacy of the golden-calf incident
"The title of this wide-ranging collection of essays in German and English summarises the scholarly work of Professor Michael Lattke across two hemispheres. Offered to him on the occasion of his retirement from the University of Queensland, this volume reflects the breadth of erudition for which he has acquired his international reputation. The Odes of Solomon, which figure largely in Professor Lattke's research, are well represented here, and so too is the Gospel of John, which was the subject of his early research. However, the tributes of his colleagues and former students in this book range further to other New Testament writings, Intertestamental works, Nag Hammadi, Gnostic, and Syriac studies, and the field of Patristics." -- Provided by publisher.
Gospel truth? : new light on Jesus and the Gospels
The influence of the Gospel of Saint Matthew on Christian literature before Saint Irenaeus. Book 3, The Apologists and the Didache
Historical method and confessional identity in the era of the Reformation, 1378-1615
New Gospel parallels. Volume 2, John and the other Gospels
Apocalypses apocryphae Mosis, Esdrae, Pauli, Johannis, item Mariae Dormitio : additis evangeliorum et actuum apocryphorum supplementis
Reading Judas : the Gospel of Judas and the shaping of Christianity
The Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha of the Old Testament in English : with introductions and critical and explanatory notes to the several books. Vol. 1, Apocrypha
In this volume Devorah Dimant assembles twenty-seven thoroughly updated and partly rewritten articles discussing various aspects of the Dead Sea Scrolls that she published over the past three decades. An introductory essay written especially for this volume surveys the present state of research on the Scrolls. Dealing with major themes developed in the Dead Sea Scrolls, the author reflects the rapid expansion and change of perspective that has taken place in research on the collection in recent years following its full publication. Among the topics treated are the nature and contents of the Scrolls collection as a whole, the specific literature of the community that owned this collection, the Aramaic texts and the apocryphal and pseudepigraphic works found therein. The volume also includes discussions of particular themes such as the history of the community related to the Scrolls, its self-image and particular interpretation of biblical prophecies, and its notion of time.
Lost Christianities : the battles for Scripture and the faiths we never knew
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. 1 Enoch 2 : a commentary on the book of 1 Enoch : chapters 37-82
Tobit : the Book of Tobit in Codex Sinaiticus
The Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha of the Old Testament. Volume 2, Pseudepigrapha
Persepolis and Jerusalem : Iranian influence on Apocalyptic Hermeneutic
The apocryphal Acts of John
This volume on the Hymn of the Pearl, an early Syriac hymn preserved in the Acts of Thomas, contains an illuminating introduction, fresh translations, copious notes and facsimiles of the original Syriac and Greek texts, published here in convenient format for the first time. The study explores the significance of the hymn for understanding Gnosticism and Manichaeism and argues that the hymn is one of the best examples of the basic Gnostic soteriological myth.
Jesus's childhood escapades and graphic descriptions of the torments of Hell - this book introduces readers to a selection, in a modern translation, of the many interesting and bizarre stories about Jesus and his followers which make up the Apocryphal New Testament - stories which have profoundly influenced aspects of later Christian doctrines.
The apocryphal Jesus : legends of the early church
The apocryphal acts of Peter : magic, miracles and gnosticism
The Oxford handbook of early Christian apocrypha
The mythical story of fallen angels preserved in 1 Enoch and related literature was influential during the Second Temple period. This myth, initially attested in the Enochic Book of Watchers and picked up in further parts of 1 Enoch, was received in writings composed in Aramaic, Hebrew, and Greek, and had a profound impact on streams of religious thought in the western and oriental world, as well as in Africa. This volume collects studies by Loren T. Stuckenbruck that explore aspects of this influence in some of the literature and demonstrate how it was reused and adapted to address new cultural and religious contexts (Book of Giants, Book of Jubilees, Dead Sea Scrolls, Book of Tobit, Book of Daniel, Genesis Apocryphon, Philo). In addition, apart from whether influence of the fallen angels' tradition can be established, Stuckenbruck analyses the degree to which it offers a theological framework through which to reconsider theological approaches to several New Testament texts (Synoptic Gospels, Gospel of John, Acts, Pauline texts, and the Book of Revelation). Themes covered in the essays include demonology, prominent evil figures, giants, exorcism, petitionary prayer, the birth and activity of Jesus, the holy Spirit, conversion of Gentiles, "apocalyptic" and the understanding of time, and theological anthropology.
The lost way : how two forgotten gospels are rewriting the story of Christian origins
Primaeval history interpreted : the rewriting of Genesis 1-11 in the book of Jubilees
The Book of Life : the Function of Heavenly Records in the Hebrew Bible, Intertestamental Texts, and the New Testament
I sowed fruits into hearts (Odes Sol. 17:13) : festschrift for Professor Michael Lattke
The rewritten Joshua scrolls from Qumran : texts, translations, and commentary
Reveals the story behind the modern discovery of the earliest gospels, accounts that do not portray Jesus exclusively as a martyr but recover a lost ancient Christian tradition centered on Jesus as a teacher of wisdom.
The Books of the Maccabees
The Gospel of Nicodemus
The Oxford Handbook of Early Christian Apocrypha addresses issues and themes that arise in the study of early Christian apocryphal literature. It discusses key texts including the Gospel of Thomas, the Gospel of Mary, the Gospel of Peter, letters attributed to Paul, Peter, and Jesus, and acts and apocalypses written about or attributed to different apostles. Part One consists of authoritative surveys of the main branches of apocryphal literature (gospels, acts, epistles, apocalypses, and related literature) and Part Two considers key issues that they raise. These include their contribution to our understanding of developing theological understandings of Jesus, the apostles and other important figures such as Mary. It also addresses the value of these texts as potential sources for knowledge of the historical Jesus, and for debates about Jewish-Christian relations, the practice of Christian worship, and developing understandings of asceticism, gender and sexuality, etc. The volume also considers questions such as which ancient readers read early Christian apocrypha, their place in Christian spirituality, and their place in contemporary popular culture and contemporary theological discourse.
The apocryphal New Testament : a collection of apocryphal Christian literature in an English translation
Forgotten scriptures : the selection and rejection of early religious writings
The gospel of Judas : Juudaksen kadonnut evankeliumi
Judas : the definitive collection of gospels and legends about the infamous apostle of Jesus
Fortress commentary on the bible. The Old Testament and Apocrypha
Thomas and the gospels : the making of an apocryphal text
The apocryphal acts of the apostles : an introduction
The Gospel of the Savior : an analysis of P. Oxy 840 and its place in the Gospel traditions of early Christianity
The Slavonic translation of the Apocryphal Infancy Gospel of Thomas
The Book of Ben Sira in Hebrew : a text edition of all extant Hebrew manuscripts and a synopsis of all parallel Hebrew Ben Sira texts
Essays on the Book of Enoch and other early Jewish texts and traditions
Lost scriptures : books that did not make it into the New Testament
Ben Sira and the men who handle books : gender and the rise of canon-consciousness
Biblical Masculinities Foregrounded brings together ten innovative studies on varieties of masculinity evidenced in the Hebrew Bible, the New Testament and other early Christian writings. A sequel to the 2010 collection, Men and Masculinity in the Hebrew Bible and Beyond, this new volume raises important questions about why the study of biblical masculinities matters, what it contributes to our knowledge of the ancient writers' world as well as to our contemporary world, and which methods adequately attend to that study. The volume is designed as a resource for scholars of both Testaments working from a variety of biblical traditions and ideological perspectives on masculinity. The following studies are offered as companions in the conversation: Yahweh's masculinity in appearances in glory in Exodus and Ezekiel (Alan Hooker); Proverbs' (de)construction of masculinity (Hilary Lipka); Saul's troubled masculinity in 1-2 Samuel (Marcel Macelaru); weeping men in the Torah and the Deuteronomistic history (Milena Kirova); Athaliah's manly rule (Stuart Macwilliam); Joseph of Nazareth as an everyday man (Justin Glessner); being a male disciple in Matthew's 'antitheses' (Hans- Ulrich Weidemann); eunuch masculinity in Matthew's Gospel (Susanna Asikainen); masculinity and circumcision in the first century (Karin Neutel and Matthew Anderson); and Thecla's masculinity in the Acts of Thecla (Peter-Ben Smit). Ovidiu Creanga opens the volume with a critical appraisal of the current state of play in the field, while Martti Nissinen and Björn Krondorfer offer closing critical reflections that situate the book's topics within broader debates regarding masculinities in religious studies.
The other Gospels : accounts of Jesus from outside the New Testament
The formation of the resurrection narratives
On earth as in heaven : the restoration of sacred time and sacred space in the Book of Jubilees
An introduction to the New Testament Apocrypha
The Apocryphal Old Testament
The gnostic gospels
The Egerton Gospel : its place in early Christianity
The Apocryphal Apocalypse : the reception of the second book of Esdras (4 Ezra) from the Renaissance to the Enlightenment
The Book of Ben Sira in modern research : proceedings of the First International Ben Sira Conference 28-31 July 1996, Soesterberg, Netherlands
The Gospel of Judas : from Codex Tchacos
The apocryphal acts of Thomas
The story begins with the exciting story of the discovery of the Gospel in Egypt in 1978, and its subsequent movements from one antiquities dealer to another. We discover how this precious document eventually finds a home in a New York safety deposit box, where is languishes for years with a $3 million price tag, before it is finally published to huge public attention and fanfare. More than just the story of The Gospel of Judas since it had been found, Churton also discusses how it relates to the historical place of the Judas: how he has been maligned and misrepresented across the centuries. This fascinating book sheds new light on the real nature of Jesus, and presents a daring speculation on the endeavours he planned with his disciples in Jerusalem, Judea and Galilee. "The Kiss of Death" is an explosive book that explains the text of The Gospel of Judas, its context in modern Christianity, as well as the importance of its discovery and subsequent publication.
The Bible
From ancient writings to sacred texts : the Old Testament and Apocrypha
Prayer from Tobit to Qumran : inaugural conference of the ISDCL at Salzburg, Austria, 5-9 July 2003
Introduction --A: Stories Relating to the Period of the New Testament Gospels --1. The Birth of Jesus --2. The Childhood of Jesus --3. Jesus' Parents --4. The Ministry of Jesus --5. The Death and Resurrection of Jesus --6. Pilate --7. Jesus in the Underworld --8. Veronica --9. Zacharias --B: Stories Relating to the Growth of the Church --10. Peter --11. Paul --12. John --13. Thomas --14. Andrew --C. Stories Relating to Life After Death --15. Heaven and Hell --16. The End of Time.
The Third Book of Maccabees as an early description of anti-semitism
The Hymn of the pearl : the Syriac and Greek texts : with introduction, translations, and notes
The myth of rebellious angels : studies in Second Temple Judaism and New Testament texts
The Arabic text of the Apocalypse of Baruch
In Paul and Pseudepigraphy, an international group of scholars engage open questions in the study of the Apostle Paul and those documents often deemed pseudepigraphal. This volume addresses many traditional questions, including those of method and the authenticity of several canonical Pauline letters, but they also reflect a desire to think in new ways about persistent questions surrounding pseudepigraphy. The focus on pseudepigraphy in relationship to Paul affords a unique opportunity to address this innovative inclination, not readily available in studies of New Testament pseudepigraphy in general. Regarding these concerns, new approaches are introduced, traditional evidence is reassessed, and some new suggestions are offered. In addition to Pauline letters, treatments of related non-canonical Pauline pseudepigraphs are included in discussion.
Biblical figures in Deuterocanonical and cognate literature
The book of Tobit : an English translation with introduction and commentary : by Frank Zimmermann
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. The Didache : a commentary
The second book of Maccabees
In this volume, biblical scholar and theologian François Bovon provides nineteen essays on topics of interest in the New Testament and early Christianity. Examining textual and iconographic witnesses ranging from the earliest Christian writings to a Byzantine icon from Cyprus, Bovon addresses critical issues in New Testament studies including early Christologies, notions of immortality and resurrection, ancient reception of Christian scripture, orthodoxy and heresy, manuscripts in the digital era, and others. Four of the essays appear for the first time in an English translation in this volume - two of which include the original Greek and critical apparatuses for two fragments of ancient apocryphal works. Bovon's careful treatment of the topics at hand makes this volume a reliable guide for scholars and students who wish to deepen their understanding of early Christianity.
The Gospel of Thomas : the hidden sayings of Jesus
What are they saying about the Gospel of Thomas?
The Acts of Thomas
Kiss of death : the true history of the Gospel of Judas
Seeking the favor of god, 2. Volume 2, The development of penitential prayer in Second Temple Judaism
The life of Adam and Eve and related literature
The literary Coptic manuscripts in the A. S. Pushkin State Fine Arts Museum in Moscow
The apocryphal epistle to the Laodiceans : an epistolary and rhetorical analysis
The third and fourth books of Maccabees
The complete Gospels : annotated Scholars Version
Biblical interpretation in the Book of Jubilees
Shepherd of Hermas : a commentary
Invitation to the Apocrypha
Metaphors are a vital linguistic component of religious speech and serve as a cultural indicator of how groups understand themselves and the world. The essays compiled in this volume analyze the use, function, and structure of metaphors in Jewish writings from the Hellenistic-Roman period (including the works of Philo and the texts of Qumran), as well as in apocryphal early Christian texts and inscriptions.
Old Testament Pseudepigrapha and the Scriptures contains the papers of the Colloquium Biblicum Lovaniense 2012, which focused on a series of contemporary questions in Pseudepigrapha research. The papers discuss the relationship of Old Testament Pseudepigrapha to scriptures, both in a technical sense (how did authors rewrite or interpret Scripture) and in a literary sense (how and why did authors expand or extend earlier scriptures). Many papers cover the phenomenon of pseudepigraphy, giving explanations ranging from pious forgery through various kinds of literary devices to authorial self-effacement. Some contributions discuss the historically fluid boundaries between canonical and pseudepigraphic texts, and the production and use of Old Testament pseudepigrapha in early Christianity.
La sabiduría del escriba : edición diplomática de la versión siriaca del libro de Ben Sira según el Códice Ambrosiano, con traducción española e inglesa = Wisdom of the scribe : diplomatic edition of the Syriac version of the book of Ben Sira according to Codex Ambrosianus, with translations in Spanish and English
Among the unknown Jewish writings that emerged from the caves of Qumran are five scrolls rewriting the Book of Joshua. The present volume offers a detailed analysis of these texts and explores their relationship with each other and other Second Temple Jewish writings concerned with the figure of Joshua. The first full-blown study of this group of scrolls, this book is of interest to students and scholars working in the fields of the Dead Sea scrolls and ancient Jewish biblical interpretation.
Ascetism and anti-familial language in the Gospel of Thomas
No one spoke ill of her : essays on Judith
The apocryphal literature in the Armenian tradition
Some of the Dead Sea Scrolls are texts which rewrite the Hebrew Bible. They differ from the literary products of the Qumran ascetic community by missing the sectarian particular style and terminology. These rewritten Bible texts may therefore shed light on the origins and sources of this community. Most of the scholarly attention has been focused on the larger specimens of this genre, such as Jubilees and the Genesis Apocryphon. The present volume assembles for the first time eleven smaller texts of this type and analyzes them in order to see how they fit into the wider picture of the scrolls.
Philip, Apostle and Evangelist : configurations of a tradition
The Book of Wisdom in modern research : studies on tradition, redaction and theology
Tobit : a new translation with introduction and commentary
1 Enoch 1 : a commentary on the book 1 Enoch, chapters 1-36, 81-108
