http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7214 upper level of comprehensive school
upper level of comprehensive school
The news. Courses 1-2, Key
Key English  : courses 6-8 : ratkaisut. 9, My own key
This way up. Teacher's file 2
The news. Courses 7-8, Key
You too. 9, Textbook
This way up. Teacher's file 1
Guidance and orientation in secondary schools
The news. Courses 5-6, Exercises
Use of learning strategies in reading comprehension by upper secondary school students
Welcome to English. 9 kl, Listening comprehension exercises
This way up. Tests 3
The news. Courses 3-4, Key
This way up. Tests 2
Key English. 7, Workbook
Careers education culture in schools : pupil's and school personnel's perception of careers education and working life orientation in lower secondary schools
Spotlight. 8, Sights and sounds : workbook
Spotlight. 7, Faces and places : workbook
The news. Course 5, Tests
Top. 8, Tests
Towards reviewing and assessing the process of comperehensive school curriculum reform in Finland : a case study in school-based geography curricula in Helsinki
Pupils' reactions on different kind of teaching
News flash. Courses 1-2, Key
Success. 7, Practice book
The news headlines. Courses 5-8
Top. 8, Exercises : key
Smart moves. 1, Tests
Middle school mediocrity : quality and inequality in secondary education
The news. Courses 1-2, Back-up files
News flash. Courses 3-4, Key
Key English. 8, Workbook
Key English 8. Courses 3-5, Textbook
This way up. Resource file
Key English 7 : kokeet
The news. Courses 3-4, Tests
Smart moves. 1, Exercises : key
First day in secondary school : learning to be a 'professional pupil'
Key English. 9, My own key
SNAP.TV : British and American teenage lifestyles ; video written by Gayle Colman & Peter Osbone ; worksheets by Eija Raitala
Key English 7. Courses 1-2, Textbook
Gateway. 1, Pupil's book
The news. Courses 1-4, Back-up files
The news. Course 6, Tests
Success. 7, Textbook
This way up special. Teacher's file 3
Smart moves. 1, Exercises key
Key English 9 : kokeet
The news. Courses 7-8, Tests
Key English. 9, Workbook
7th grade English
Smart moves. 2, Exercises : key
Wanted. Active grammar : key
Success. 9, Practice book : key
The news. Courses 1-2, Tests
This way up. Exercises 1, Key
Key English. 8, My own key
Success. 8, Practice book
The news. Courses 3-4, Exercises
For real! : English in everyday situations
Key English 8 : kokeet
Key English. 7, courses 1-2 workbook
English for us
News flash. Courses 1-2, Kielioppi, kalvot
The news. Courses 5-6, Key
The news. Course 6, Exercises
The news. Courses 1-2, Exercises
Key English. 7, My own key : ratkaisut
News flash. Courses 3-4, Exercises
Key English. 8, Courses 3-5 : ratkaisut
You too. 8, Textbook
Scene. 1, Texts
Key English. 7, Courses 1-2 : ratkaisut
Social science and social studies in secondary schools
Secondary education in the world today
Wanted : Active grammar
Teaching middle school students to be active researchers
You too. 7, Textbook
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
The news. Courses 5-6, Tests
Sequential explanatory study of factors connected with science achievement in six countries: Finland, England, Hungary, Japan, Latvia and Russia : study based on TIMSS 1999
8th grade English
News flash. Courses 1-4
News flash. Courses 1-4, Teacher's file
Smart moves. 3, Exercises key
The news. Course 5, Exercises
Top. 9, Texts
The news. Courses 7-8, Exercises
The news. Courses 5-8, Back-up files
This way up. Teacher's file 3
Key English. 7, My own key
9th grade English
The news. Courses 3-4, Back-up files
