http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7213 middle school
middle school
Let's write English. 1 A, Workbook to Let's speak English
Ms. Hempel chronicles
Facts and fun : exercises. 4-6
More English with Bob
Schools and schooling in late medieval Germany : Regensburg, 1250-1500
The Incorporation of Student Services in Central Ostrobothnia University of Applied Sciences
The university in medieval life, 1179-1499
The new house
Open school for the youth : three European views on developing youth education in Finland = Nuorisoasteen koulutuskokeilujen kansainvälinen arviointi
Drills to Facts and fun
Audit of quality work : Central Ostrobothnia Polytechnic
Research and development in Central Ostrobothnia Polytechnic
The U.S.A. : notes on a course for secondary schools
Crossing boundaries at medieval universities
Embracing contraries : explorations in learning and teaching
Central Ostrobothnia University of Applied Sciences' education features and operation system
Two cultures of schooling : the case of middle schools
"First the bow is bent in study-- " : Dominican education before 1350
Summary (s. 11-12): Professional language education at crossroads.
Gipsy Hill
English with Bob : Englantia aloitteleville
Let's speak English. 2, Glossary
The envy of angels : cathedral schools and social ideals in medieval Europe, 950-1200
'White Flight' in Finland? : a qualitative study into Finnish-born families' housing and school choices in Turku
English with Bob : englantia aloitteleville
Childhood determinants of later health
Marketing communications and image in a small, local company : Kasalan Saha
The wild boy
Inside the secondary classroom
More English with Bob : englantia keskikoululaisille
Let's speak English. 2
Let's write English. 1B, Workbook to Let's speak English 1
The great birds
How to improve and develop relationships between Turku Polytechnic and region's SMEs
Russian middle class families on school market in Helsinki metropolitan region : ethnicity versus social class
Learning to change : teaching beyond subjects and standards
Adventures and discoveries : a reader for young people
The Lollipop Man and other stories
Abstract. - Sammandrag.
Secret service
Too cool to be forgotten
Days with Dick. Workbook : 2
Education supporting the internationalisation of SME's
Have you heard...?
Improving lower secondary schools in Norway
The evolution of educational thought : lectures on the formation and development of secondary education in France
Higher tourism education in Finland : competence based curriculum development
World survey of education. 3, Secondary education
Humanism of antiquity and the development of Finnish secondary schools in the 1920's and 1930's
Days with Dick. Workbook : 1
Social science and social studies in secondary schools
Let's act it : English dialogues for the classroom
An English workbook. 1
Communities of learning : networks and the shaping of intellectual identity in Europe, 1100-1500
Summary.
The crow
Bede, the schools, and the Computus
Facts and fun : exercises. 1-3
