http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7218 customer loyalty
customer loyalty
Connect : how to use data and experience marketing to create lifetime customers
How to improve customer loyalty in European Online Travel Agencies in the leisure segment
Abstract.
Customer satisfaction and customer loyalty with perspective of developing a company: case company: Olive Bay International Ky Finland
Conventional Wisdom holds that to increase loyalty, companies must "delight" customers by exceeding service expectations. But no matter how exciting special deals may be, the "dazzle factor" does not solve customer problems.This book presents a breakthrough idea about how to win customer loyalty.
Marketing management : an Asian perspective
The effect of brand loyalty on co-design
Consumer behaviour : applications in marketing
Maintaining customer loyalty : developing services at Health Club Hukka
Customer satisfaction survey of a cultural event : case: Salon de la francophonie
The aim of this thesis was to assess and measure the level of customer satisfaction of Respecta's Assistive Devices (AD) rental service. Respecta is the market leader in the supply of assistive devices in Finland. The main target group for Respecta's rent assistive devices are the disabled and the elderly. The theoretical framework of the thesis focuses on customer satisfaction, service quality, customer loyalty and service marketing. The thesis presents customer satisfaction approaches and uses the gaps model of service quality as a key theory for the research. The contextual framework deals with assistive devices process and legislation. The empirical research was conducted using both quantitative and qualitative methods. The core study was carried out via a quantitative questionnaire which was sent to Respecta's customers. The questionnaire contained six questions regarding the level of satisfaction and three open-ended requests for comments. The total size of the sample was 172 and the response rate was 29%. The questionnaire was implemented by ZEF® online tool. The qualitative part of the study concerned benchmarking foreign assistive devices practices and suggesting importing possibilities to the Finnish market. Planning the research was done during spring and autumn 2010, and empirical research was implemented in spring 2011. The results of the questionnaire indicate that the current overall level of satisfaction among Respecta customers, while high, is not yet excellent. This highlights the importance of providing excellent service to customers, reenforced through clinics, especially to the service personnel in daily contact with the customers.
Designing a customer loyalty program for Kaavya Kitchen restaurant
The human brand : how we relate to people, products, and companies
Application of Customer Relationship Management in Chinese Retail Industry   : Case: Lianhua Supermarket
Service design for business : a practical guide to optimizing the customer experience
As the World Thought Leaders on Customer Experience, Colin Shaw and the team at Beyond Philosophy have undertaken more than 18 months of groundbreaking research to discover the emotions that drive and destroy value in an organization, and can now disclose the empirical link between evoking these emotions and substantial financial returns.
Magnetic service : secrets for creating passionately devoted customers
Development of a customer loyalty event : case study: Ilmatar Restaurant
Loyalty marketing in automobile dealerships : case: car dealer X
Abstract: Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty.
Loyalty schemes in retailing : a comparison of stand-alone and multi-partner programs
Improving customer satisfaction : case OPM International Oy
Benchmarking attractive partner programs in indirect sales
E-loyalty and the cultural effects : A comparison of Finnish and U.S. young adults
Customer Loyalty Isn’t Enough--Grow Your Share of WalletThe Wallet Allocation Rule is a revolutionary, definitive guide for winning the battle for share of customers’ hearts, minds, and wallets. Backed by rock-solid science published in the Harvard Business Review and MIT Sloan Management Review, this landmark book introduces a new and rigorously tested approach--the Wallet Allocation Rule--that is proven to link to the most important measure of customer loyalty: share of wallet.Companies currently spend billions of dollars each year measuring and managing metrics like customer satisfaction and Net Promoter Score (NPS) to improve customer loyalty. These metrics, however, have almost no correlation to share of wallet. As a result, the returns on investments designed to improve the customer experience are frequently near zero, even negative.With The Wallet Allocation Rule, managers finally have the missing link to business growth within their grasp--the ability to link their existing metrics to the share of spending that customers allocate to their brands. Learn why improving satisfaction (or NPS) does not improve share. Apply the Wallet Allocation Rule to discover what really drives customer spending. Uncover new metrics that really matter to achieve growth. By applying the Wallet Allocation Rule, managers get real insight into the money they currently get from their customers, the money available to be earned by them, and what it takes to get it. The Wallet Allocation Rule provides managers with a blueprint for sustainable long-term growth"--
Creating customer loyalty from customer satisfaction : case: Sport & Fitness Centre Fressi, Leppävaara
Principled selling : how to win more business without selling your soul
Customer equity driven marketing strategy
Social loyalty, case study : the future of Estonian Air's social media based loyalty programme AirScore
Customer relationship marketing in night club branch : case: organising an event in night club
Factors influencing cruise passengers' purchase behaviour and loyalty formation : Case Viking Line
Up close and personal? : customer relationship marketing @ work
Marketing research for Lumottu hetki Ky
"Marketing is going through a revolution that rivals the impact of Gutenberg's printing press. Customers are in control and marketers have become an unnecessary annoyance. Smart marketers have learned to think in new ways, use new technology, and apply new processes. They've moved to a higher level that achieves their business objectives while being more relevant to the customer.In this "age of the customer," a marketer's message must be personal, relevant, and accessible at all touch points throughout a customer's life cycle, both online and offline. This takes new ways of thinking and new processes to be relevant to individual customers, to be accessible through multiple online and offline channels, and to link digital goals and metrics to business objectives.It's a tough new world of marketing, but Owning the Customer Experience takes you inside this world to see how the winners are jumping ahead of their competitors. "--
Estimating customer loyalty : evaluating the Net Promoter score
Brand desire : how to create consumer involvement and inspiration
Evergreen : cultivate the enduring customer loyalty that keeps your business thriving
Brand awareness and loyalty if Finnish consumers : case: Lambi Tissue papers
Customer perceived value, satisfaction, and loyalty : the role of willingness to share information
Chinese customer's perceptions of service offered by Kylin Travel International Oy
Customer loyalty in DIY retailing in Russia : innovative approaches for improving customer retention through technology
The DNA of customer experience : how emotions drive value
Customer satisfaction research : the case of RETS Timber Oy
Sell the brand first : how to sell your brand and create lasting customer loyalty
Brand rituals : how successful brands bond with customers for life
Handbook on the experience economy
Concept for measuring customer satisfaction and loyality in the stainless steel manufacturing industry : case Outokumpu Group
The role of customer insight in enhancing customer-orientation
This particular study is a project based thesis about creating a customer loyalty event, using restaurant Ilmatar as a case study. Ilmatar restaurant is the main restaurant in Klaus K hotel that has not resulted expected outcomes so far. As both of the authors had been working in the company, the push factor for this particular project was an idea to improve the restaurants relationship with ones customers.    Several reviewed marketing theories and the authors' previous experiences on organizing similar events, resulted to come up with the first loyalty event in Ilmatar restaurant. The project has been built up by combining parallel theories about retaining customer relationships through marketing as well as theories on how to plan an event. The planning and implementation of the study has been defined by using Goldblatt`s five critical stages, which was covered for organizing a successful event.      After deciding the plan for the event, it took five month for the authors to study the relevant literature, plan and theme the event and to implement the event. The writing of the thesis was simultaneously made with arranging the project.    The loyalty event turned out to be an achievement and met the expected outcomes set by authors. The authors believe to have found results and relevant suggestions for equivalent events.
Driving school is a unique experience and evaluating the potential driving school might begin years before the actual selection. There are several factors that influence this process and the object of this thesis is to describe these factors and present ways to influence them. According to the thesis research, location has the most impact on this selection. Price and friends seemingly don̕ t have such a high power as previously hypothesized. But parents being the paying participant have an input of considerable amount. Driving school of Kaarina, being the oldest driving school in Kaarina generates, according to the research, such a high rate of customer loyalty that the few imperfections found in customer satisfaction research do not cause discrepancies. The overall customer satisfaction in the study case of driving school of Kaarina is good. Pupils perceive the education and teachers as trustworthy and competent. Customer satisfaction and behavior can be influenced in several ways; a good starting point is a survey, as without up-to-date information about customers̕ thoughts and problems, it is impossible to influence them. Among other ideas described in the thesis, a good solution is to take direct mail marketing to newspaper advertising̕ s side, as it is not as despicable as it used to be. By directing the letters to the correct possible customers and by phrasing the message right, a response rate of a hundred percent can be achieved.
Promotion plan for fertilizer business in Viet Nga Ltd, Co. in Dong Thap Province, Viet Nam
Customers consider many crucial factors, even subconsciously, when purchasing a product or engaging a service provider, consequently building a sense of trust which is decisive towards their user experience through to customer experience. This book helps companies understand how to structurally develop, communicate, and promote reasons for customers to buy products and services, starting from the psychological basis of communicating information and moving on to methodical applications. It is based on a psychological perspective in understanding the customers’ reasons to believe in product or service offerings; promotes a way towards simplicity of business anchoring on emotion and experience; helps learn the tactics of systematic persuasion.
Service magic : the art of amazing your customers
Customer satisfaction of Interflora Suomi ry : customers in member shops
The purpose of the thesis is to gather information about K-Rauta Kuninkoja's business-to-business customers, about their customer satisfaction and customer loyalty. This information is used to enhance K-Rauta's services and to create a stronger base for the customer relationships. Customers these days do not accept merely good customer service; they expect to be completely satisfied with the service they get. The companies cannot compete just with the products; they need to give the customer a personal experience. Loyal clientele is a significant advantage for a company. Loyal customers bring straightforward value, not only by their own transactions but also through the positive experiences shared with others. The path towards the customer satisfaction and moreover customer loyalty is a sum of different things and actions between the customer and the company. Often too much energy is spent for gaining new customers, without taking care of the existing ones. If the company fails on delivering the customer the level of satisfaction the customer expects, the relationship is failed. Due to the uniqueness of the Finnish hardware stores it is also an interesting area to do research of. This particular customer group was selected for the survey due to the lack of previous knowledge from them and due to their separation from the regular consumers. The results got from the customer survey supported the theory and proved the fact that even if the customers are merely satisfied with the stores services, it does not necessarily mean they would also be loyal towards the store. The results from the survey were positive towards K-Rauta Kuninkoja, but still the customers answered to use the other hardware stores more often. The survey proved that improving the level of satisfaction does not always need large investments. It can also be conducted by shaping the service processes and by gathering feedback from the customers regularly. The customers must also feel that their feedback is taken into account. Through these results K-Rauta Kuninkoja gets the ability to detect  their customers? needs and more precisely answer to them.
UX redefined : winning and keeping customers with enhanced usability and user experience
Satisfaction : how every great company listens to the voice of the customer
Customer retention in e-commerce business
Analysis of a new product package for a travel agency
Customer awareness and customer attraction for TEMA-matkat : Finnmatkat specialty travel case
The ownership quotient : putting the service profit chain to work for unbeatable competitive advantage
Extending service capability with installed base setup
Researching customer satisfaction and loyalty : how to find out what people really think
The effects of customer satisfaction on customer retention and loyalty in supply chain management : case study: Company XYZ
Developing customer satisfaction and loyalty : case: Tekmil Ltd
Improved sales through effective and strategic advertisement : case study of Olive Bay International
Zombie loyalists : using great service to create rabid fans
Sustainable brands may have started as 'doing less harm', but brands today are supported by over a decade of phenomenal changes in sustainability. Today's sustainable brands are looking for the holy grail of sustainability -- a fusion of products and branding that can actually drive sustainability and also grow the business top line. This guide by sustainable brand expert Henk Campher is the model for building a sustainable brand that will help you get there.
Customer satisfaction and building customer relationship in Asia Pacific : case: Orion Pharma
The Influence of Culinary Satisfaction on Customer Loyalty
Developing customer satisfaction in a service business
Build your customer strategy : a guide to creating profitable relationships
Customer relationship management - from potential customers to loyal customers : case: Rosso Jyväskeskus
This study has been conducted for the commissioning party Maxima Garden situated in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The purpose of conducting this study on customer satisfaction was to assist the commissioning company for better understanding of their customer with the help of the survey outcomes. The objectives of the research were to find out the existing customers' perceptions in respect of product price, quality and service of the company. The thesis report includes few segments. The introduction chapter states a small introduction of the research and a little background of the commissioning company. The theoretical review section lists a bunch of relevant theories, which are related to customer satisfaction, their expectations and factors that affect in obtaining satisfactions to guide the research process. The empirical part of the research states that a quantitative method has been followed to make the survey with a set of designed structured and unstructured questionnaire through a paper survey; a census study has been done to reach the highest possibilities of reliability and validity of the investigation. Furthermore, the discussion chapter reveals the research's evaluation of findings, which in general explores that the customer satisfaction level at Maxima Garden was relatively high. Even though the satisfaction level was relatively high a list of suggestions have been recommended, which would be wise to consider for avoiding uncertainty in future. In the very last segment of this study how the theoretical framework was interrelated to the research outcomes has been revealed. A conclusion has been made to close the study. In conclusion it has been acknowledged that the aims of the study: firstly to assist the commissioning party and secondly to achieve the final grade for accomplishing the degree have been met successfully.
Customer satisfaction and customer loyalty in a grocery store
Development of customer retention activities in the automotive industry : the case of Nissan Nordic Europe Oy
Development and Improvement of Customer Relations in the Luxury Cottages Portal Business
Optimizing X Center experience : case study: Company X
Harvard business review on retailing and merchandising
Desire is big business. If companies can create true desirability for their brand, customers will not only express preference and loyalty, they also show a willingness to act as brand champions, participate in online communities, co-create innovative ideas, and show the sort of commitment that is normally associated with fervent employees. However, desire doesn't just happen. Brands need to nurture it by offering security and surprise.
Higher profits through customer lock-in : a roadmap
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION AND CUSTOMER LOYALTY WITH PERSPECTIVE OF DEVELOPING A COMPANY : CASE COMPANY: OLIVE BAY INTERNATIONAL KY-FINLAND
Love thy customer : creating delight, preventing dissatisfaction and pleasing your hardest-to-please customers
Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs.
The relationship between web site interacticity and e-loyalty : a relational benefits perspective
The role of restaurant experience in gaining customer satisfaction and customer loyalty : case Salutorget
Expert guidance in a direct and conceptual style on the analytic steps to take to resolve data-heavy retail marketing questions, taking into account consumer behaviour and multi-channel marketing scenarios.
Understanding online game players' post-adoption behavior : an investigation of social network games in China
The seven secrets of service strategy
Creating a sustainable brand : a guide to growing the sustainability top line
E-commerce is growing fast with the fast development of internet and communication technology. Now E-commerce brings the businesses a world wide market and a huge population of protential csutomer. For customers the price information is more transparent and there are much more buying choices than before. Online businesses are competeing for customers on a word wide market like never before. The customer retention gained increased value among the E-commerc businesses. But the research of  customer retention in E-commerce context remain limited.     This thesis is aimed to investgate the concrete influenc factors of customer retention in an E-commerce context.    After reviewed existing theories, the author developed a conceptual framework about factors affect the customer retention in E-commerce context. Then a questionnaire is used to find out the real customer attitude of these factors.     As the result 13 concrete influence factors (Reliability, Responsiveness, Contact Points, Convenience, Merchandising, Site design, Security, Service ability, Customization, Contact Interactivity, Cultivation, Care, Community ) were presented for E-commerce business customer retention. Also this thesis brefily discussed about the constructs of customer retention.    This thesis could be used as a reference for the E-commerce business owner for meansuring their E-commerce sit  or improve the customer retention rate of their business. Also could be used by student or  researcher who is studying or interested in the topic of online customer retention.
Customer Satisfaction Research of Suning Appliance
Emotion marketing : the Hallmark way of winning customers for life
The effortless experience : conquering the new battleground for customer loyalty
Industrial marketing : a process of creating and maintaining exchanges
Improving Customer Satisfaction and Customer Service Levels : Case: Nakumatt Mega City Supermarket
Customers' perspective on event sales : case: Hilton Brisbane
Best practices to increase customer experience in sales organisation
How membership enhances loyalty? : nightclub industry in Finland
What drives customer loyalty in brick and mortar fashion retail?
The hungry cowboy : service and community in a neighborhood restaurant
The customer service workbook
Customer Satisfaction of S-card members in Sokos Hotel Ilves
Predicting market success : new ways to measure customer loyalty and engage customers with your brand
After the change from the Hilton Honors guest programme to the new Scandic Guest Pro-gramme small problems and misunderstandings natural to changes arose. After several months of the hotel working with the new programme these problems were still found and a need to solve them was found. This thesis aims to find the main problems that affect the proper implementation of this program, such as the incorrect use of the food and beverage vouchers and the lack of communication between the two parties involved, and to find easy and achievable solutions to it.     The issue was approached both from the employee and the customer side. Theories of human resources such as change management were looked into to fully understand how employees understand and deal with changes in their work environment and routines. Loyalty theories as well as customer relationship management and relationship management theories were looked into to comprehend what the Scandic Guest Programme is aiming for, how is it creating loyalty and how to improve the service provided to the members of this programme.     The Scandic Guest Programme was well defined and explained. Later on it was compared to the previous programme to give an insight of both and of the slight changes that happened when the two companies were separated as these small changes are the source of some of the most recurrent problems that are found in the day to day running of it.     After studying the main problems by day to day observation at the hotel reception and the information gathered by the Scandic Survey the most important ones were pinpointed and solutions were planned.     Three main products were developed in order to clarify and enhance the use of the Scandic Guest Programme. For the employees a handout was created, giving both the old and the new employees all the basic needed information to carry out the programme uniformly. A leaflet was created for the customers telling them in an easy and straight forward way how and where to use the food and beverage vouchers, preventing the constant problems of not being able to use them in certain products. To market the Scandic Guest Programme a small table stand was created to place in all the restaurant tables, letting the customers know that they can use the vouchers to pay for their food items and where to get them if they do not have them yet.     The thesis ends with an analysis of the proposed products and their link to the theories stud-ied as well as with a set of managerial implications and further development ideas.
Answering the ultimate question : how Net Promoter can transform your business
The effects of service quality, customer satisfaction and customer perceived value on behavioral intensions
Customer satisfaction in a hi-tech company : case Polar Electro Oy
Exceptional Customer Service: exceed Customer Expectations to Build Loyalty & Boost Profits
The wallet allocation rule : winning the battle for share
Satisfaction : a behavioral perspective on the consumer
The satisfied customer : winners and losers in the battle for buyer preference
In the growing markets of today and excess variety of choice to customers, it is significant to companies to know how to maintain their clientele. The purpose of this thesis was to identify the key elements of customer loyalty. The case company Liikuntakeskus Hukka is a large and popular health club situated in Oulu, Finland. The health club wishes to develop its services in order to maintain the number of the existing male members with improved service. The initial interest towards this case company began with the author but the subject for the thesis was suggested by the case company as important and current information to the company could be gathered from the research. The objective was to approach both existing and former male members to determine the reasons why they joined the health club; which needs were or were not satisfied; most and least important factors at the health club among the facilities, and sports and healthcare possibilities; and what were the main causes to resign the contract. According to the researched data, different segments were identified in the male members and conclusions on how to serve these segments better were drawn. This thesis aimed to explain the importance of customer service and customer satisfaction to customer loyalty of a business, as well as considering the theories of consumer behaviour and customer relationship management. Quantitative research was used in the empirical part to gather enough data for reliable results in the form of a multiple-choice questionnaire sent by e-mail. Mainly closed questions were used to gain comparable answer with a few open-ended questions for receiving more precise feedback for the client company. Discussion of the theoretical part was based on printed and online publications. The results were analysed and managerial implications were suggested to the case company in accordance with results. The main segments in male members were identified, and the strongest aspects and the key weaknesses of the health club were recognised by the survey. Health Club Hukka has a strong customer base of members since many years that are very loyal to the club mainly because of the variety of services offered and the atmosphere shared with friends.
The impact of customer service quality on customer satisfaction in tourism sector
Relationship variables and their role between international buyer supplier relationship and customers' loyalty : a case study of UPC Print ltd
In Brand Rituals: How Successful Brands Bond with Customers for Life, Zain Raj--a recognized leader in the marketing and strategy space--posits that companies and their brands have the ability to drive significant business impact by creating a bond with their most loyal customers. Raj calls this a Brand Ritual, a deep, abiding relationship that customers build with brands--which becomes an integral part of their lives. The book discusses how it's no longer about consumer beliefs; it's all about customer behavior.
The Role and usefulness of online communities in developing customer loyalty
Towards more satisfied customers : the Salo-project : case: Siwa Kemi
Abstract: Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs. The main objective of this dissertation was to analyze general attitudes consumers have towards mobile direct marketing, when it is executed by some company whose loyalty program they are involved in. The study was then investigating the level of interest towards such advertising. The research was based on a mix of qualitative and quantitative research, and an online survey of 94 individuals from different age groups and professions was conducted for data collection purposes. The research aimed at giving generalized view of the consumers' reaction to the topic and suggestions on how this information could be used by any company planning on incorporating mobile direct marketing to their loyalty programs. A critical review of relevant secondary data was carried out to get insight on consumer behavior, when it comes to loyalty programs and mobile direct marketing. The literature review discusses in general terms of the topic related concepts of marketing and consumer behavior, and finishes with introducing the different uses and types of mobile direct marketing. This information gave the basis for primary research. Results of the research placed some of the theory of secondary data under consideration, and further recommendation for research would therefore be focusing on viral activity related to loyalty program messages as well as realization of paid-for ordering service. Limitations of research include the absence of a commissioner, which affects the reliability of the primary research results.
The little book of big customer satisfaction measurement
Improving customer satisfaction and customer loyalty  : a case study of K-Rauta Kuninkoja
Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty
Strategies for consumer retention
Analysis of attitudes towards mobile direct marketing directed to consumers involved in loyalty programs
Enhancing customer relationship as a key strategy for growth and survive : case: Abbeykas Nigeria Enterprises
Neste Oil Rally Spectator 2011 : profile, typology, satisfaction and willingness to recommend  the event
Main determinants of customer loyalty toward Vietnamese internet services providers
Improving customer loyalty through a regular cus-tomer program : Case Onninen Oy
Managing customer loyalty : case Expert ASA Ltd
Customer satisfaction research : case: Maxima Garden
Customers' Loyalty & Brand Experience : Branding Strategy to Successfully Approach Consumers' Minds and Promote Customers' Loyalty: Generating the “Brand Experience”
Customer Retention in E-commerce business
Maintaining customer loyalty : Developing services at Health Club Hukka
Investigation of the factors influencing the level of customer satisfaction of the Club Tax-‎free members at KappAhl Lappeenranta
Customer satisfaction research for Grohe Scandinavia in Denmark
Global brand's chain marketing and strengthening customer commitment : case: Holiday Inn and Priority Club Rewards
Hupsi's customer satisfaction
Friendship marketing for building brand loyality in Asian hotel industry : case study:  Banyan Tree Bankok Thailand
Value proposition enhancement in retailers of the HVAC industry
Promoting customer loyalty through a telecommunication specific CRM framework
Advanced customer analytics : targeting, valuing, segmenting and loyalty techniques
Customer satisfaction : assistive devices rental at Respecta Oy
One customer, divisible : linking customer insight to loyalty and advocacy behavior
Creating a client development plan for advertising agency in Finland : case: N2
Improving customer satisfaction of Gigantti by developing customer service
Selecting a driving school : consumer behavior and satisfaction behind the selection - a case study of Kaarinan autokoulu
Customer retention strategies : case study of the Scandic Hotel Continental in Helsinki
The true brand loyalty in the Finnish tabloid industry
Customer Loyalty in E-Retailing: concepts, measurements, antecedents
Customer service quality : improving Company X's in-store customer service and satisfaction
Customer relationship management in energy business
Scandic Guest Programme implementation and development ideas towards a better customer service at the Scandic Marski Hotel
