http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7217 customer satisfaction
customer satisfaction
Using net promoter® system in social customer relationship management : case Sonera
Marketing promotion research of B2C online cosmetics business in China--Case company:jumei.com
Customer satisfaction research: : Two English taught programs at Sedu
Customer Satisfaction in the retail market
Dynamic technology asset management for better user experience in mobile industry
Innovations in Commercial Banking
Customer satisfaction and its development in Suomen Tectrade Oy
Suitability of self-organizing maps for analyzing a macro-environment : an empirical field-survey
Success factors of small companies and customer satisfaction : case Mimona Ltd
This thesis is a customer satisfaction research and current state analysis for Naantalin Aurinkoinen Oy. The company is one of the leading café/bakery/confectionery chains with 13 places of business in Southern Finland. Customers are the basis for every business. To be able to survive in the competitive business field companies must know their customers; how they think, act and behave. Customer satisfaction research is one method of finding out how the company is being seen. Good reputation is priceless so companies need to pay attention to image and identity. Customers ask for good service and quality products. Satisfaction is the sum of many things and worth to nurture. When customers are satisfied they will spread the positive word around and when unsatisfied the word spreads even faster. Companies need to pay attention to the quality of its service and products, both of them affect the image.The theoretical part of this quantitative thesis studies image and identity, customer service and satisfaction and the quality around them. It discussed the importance of corporate image management, identity communication and overall awareness of the brand. Marketing of the brand plays a major role for image. Companies need to know how to communicate its services and products. Customer service is being looked at from the experience and quality point of view, how companies can create a working service package. Customer satisfaction is measurable and precious information that companies should collect. With questionnaires for example companies can receive the existing customer profiles, types and the rate of satisfaction. The thesis case study focuses on the results gathered from a questionnaire.^The statements concentrated on tastiness of products, price-quality ratio of the products, the quality of service, atmosphere, cleanliness, ability to regenerate and the overall opinion of the concept and recommendations. The data was collected from ten cafés during November 2014 and the total number of answers were 981. This study shows that customers appreciate good service and are ready to pay a little extra to receive it with tasty products. At the same time, customer are very price sensitive and critical about the product and service experience; eager to give feedback. Sometimes the excellent and friendly customer service can bypass the other factors during the café visit. Even the atmosphere consist the service and not only the outlook of the premises. Women and men ranked statements differently but the differences are not huge. The different age groups vary in some degrees.The biggest customer group was found to be people 61 years or older and more women than men seems to visit the cafés.
Service development plan : Case: Finnish Red Cross Tampere Branch home care service
Customer satisfaction survey of a cultural event : case: Salon de la francophonie
The aim of this thesis was to assess and measure the level of customer satisfaction of Respecta's Assistive Devices (AD) rental service. Respecta is the market leader in the supply of assistive devices in Finland. The main target group for Respecta's rent assistive devices are the disabled and the elderly. The theoretical framework of the thesis focuses on customer satisfaction, service quality, customer loyalty and service marketing. The thesis presents customer satisfaction approaches and uses the gaps model of service quality as a key theory for the research. The contextual framework deals with assistive devices process and legislation. The empirical research was conducted using both quantitative and qualitative methods. The core study was carried out via a quantitative questionnaire which was sent to Respecta's customers. The questionnaire contained six questions regarding the level of satisfaction and three open-ended requests for comments. The total size of the sample was 172 and the response rate was 29%. The questionnaire was implemented by ZEF® online tool. The qualitative part of the study concerned benchmarking foreign assistive devices practices and suggesting importing possibilities to the Finnish market. Planning the research was done during spring and autumn 2010, and empirical research was implemented in spring 2011. The results of the questionnaire indicate that the current overall level of satisfaction among Respecta customers, while high, is not yet excellent. This highlights the importance of providing excellent service to customers, reenforced through clinics, especially to the service personnel in daily contact with the customers.
Customer satisfaction in an electrical engineering company
The Experiences of Finnish companies about the Quality of Chinese Labor : Comparison between Chinese and Finnish work cultures
Swedish summary.
Non-conformity handling process and internal customer satisfaction
Customer Satisfaction Survey. Case: Purchase Order Centre, Prague. Nokia Siemens Networks.
Customer Satisfaction Survey for Actilife Fitness Center
Customer satisfaction survey, result analysis and utilization in a global forestry company
Measuring customer satisfaction a case study: Kuopio Setlementti Puijola RY (Kompassi)
Application of Customer Relationship Management in Chinese Retail Industry   : Case: Lianhua Supermarket
As the World Thought Leaders on Customer Experience, Colin Shaw and the team at Beyond Philosophy have undertaken more than 18 months of groundbreaking research to discover the emotions that drive and destroy value in an organization, and can now disclose the empirical link between evoking these emotions and substantial financial returns.
Magnetic service : secrets for creating passionately devoted customers
Customer Satisfaction in Experiental Megazone Tampere
Loyalty marketing in automobile dealerships : case: car dealer X
Improving customer satisfaction : case OPM International Oy
Hospitality marketing : principles and practice
Customer Satisfaction Research: Euro-Lingua Language School
Adapting Net Promoter thinking in public sector organizations
Customer satisfaction – facts and measuring : Case: Takamäki Group
Customer satisfaction of Nice Run
Tampere, Destination for Domestic and International Visitors
Employee induction : developing an induction process for a company providing services in sports and leisure time activities
A new approach to faster retail service and customer satisfaction : how NFC and RFID technologies may improve current retail business performance
Abstract: Customer Satisfaction Survey to Zeppelin Shopping Centre.
Customer satisfaction of Finnish tourists with hotel services in Saint Petersburg, Russia
Developing Multichannel, Cross-border Customer Service
Customer satisfaction research : case: Kauppahotelli Grand
Student profile for an international education programme : case: International Marketing Management, Hogeschool Rotterdam
How Clients Perceive the Functioning of Tapionkatu Health Centre. A Quantitative Study.
Customer Satisfaction Survey for Global Warranty Service Handling in Company X
Development of Customer Satisfaction : HAMK Education and Research Centre of Wellbeing
Customer satisfaction evaluation : case: Italian Chamber of Commerce in Costa Rica
Has customer satisfaction been  affected by the offshoring trend of call centres in the  British insurance industry?
Customer service : career success through customer satisfaction
A CUSTOMER SATISFACTION RESEARCH OF B2C ONLINE PURCHASING SERVICES IN CHINA -Case Company JD.COM
Assessment of customer relationships and suggestions for improvement: Case: Marine&Hydraulics Finland Ltd
Customer Satisfaction Survey for My French Corner
Evaluation and analysis of customer satisfaction level for Everslide business
Customer satisfaction analysis of Kotisivukone-palvelu online store feature : case Ideakone Ltd
"The missing manual on how to apply Lean Startup to build products that customers love The Lean Product Playbook is a practical guide to building products that customers love. Whether you work at a startup or a large, established company, we all know that building great products is hard. Most new products fail. This book helps improve your chances of building successful products through clear, step-by-step guidance and advice. The Lean Startup movement has contributed new and valuable ideas about product development and has generated lots of excitement. However, many companies have yet to successfully adopt Lean thinking. Despite their enthusiasm and familiarity with the high-level concepts, many teams run into challenges trying to adopt Lean because they feel like they lack specific guidance on what exactly they should be doing. If you are interested in Lean Startup principles and want to apply them to develop winning products, this book is for you.This book describes the Lean Product Process: a repeatable, easy-to-follow methodology for iterating your way to product-market fit. It walks you through how to: Determine your target customers Identify underserved customer needs Create a winning product strategy Decide on your Minimum Viable Product (MVP) Design your MVP prototype Test your MVP with customers Iterate rapidly to achieve product-market fit This book was written by entrepreneur and Lean product expert Dan Olsen whose experience spans product management, UX design, coding, analytics, and marketing across a variety of products. As a hands-on consultant, he refined and applied the advice in this book as he helped many companies improve their product process and build great products. His clients include Facebook, Box, Hightail, Epocrates, and Medallia.Entrepreneurs, executives, product managers, designers, developers, marketers, analysts and anyone who is passionate about building great products will find The Lean Product Playbook an indispensable, hands-on resource"--
Customer satisfaction analysis: Case Akzept Ltd
Integrated Marketing Communications Strategy for a Vegetarian Snack
The objective of this thesis was to help the sponsor company (Luontaistuntijat Ltd) in getting to know its clients better and to acquire information about their consumer behavior and satisfaction. The following questions were answered with this thesis: who are the clients of Luontaistuntijat (socio-demographic variables), what is their buying behavior, how satisfied are the clients currently and which means of marketing are most effective in attracting and informing the clients about the products of Luontaistuntijat.    Theory background was based on the buying decision process (Jobber 2007) and on total perceived quality theory (Grönroos 2007). The thesis was carried out employing a quantitative research method. The survey was conducted in internet format using Webropol web survey tool and analyzed with SPSS and excel. The questionnaire was open for respondents starting from 6 of May 2011 until 14 of May. Altogether 701 answers were received.    The results of this study indicated that clients are satisfied with their experiences concerning interaction with Luontaistuntijat sales personnel and with its products. Best marketing channels are direct marketing for traditional shop visitors and Internet and direct marketing for online-buyers. Over three thirds of customers are traditional buyers (shop visitors) and a bit less than one fourth are online-buyers.    Based on this research two main recommendations were given to the management of Luontaistuntijat. In order to increase the turn-over it would be wise to try to involve more people to buy online and to attract more male clients as they both seem to form only a small part of customers nowadays.
Quality customer service : satisfy customers - it's everybody's job
Customer Satisfaction Research for Ruskotunturi Ski Centre
Managing customer issues through a support channel network
Realization of customer relationship marketing for a business-to-business company : case Uniglass
Customer satisfaction research : case Oy M. Rauanheimo Ab
Tourist satisfaction : a study of christmas travelers to the City of Santa Claus, Rovaniemi
Customer satisfaction in B2B cloud services
Examining international tourists' satisfaction with Hanoi tourism
The Importance of the First Impression in Hotel Customer Service
The DNA of customer experience : how emotions drive value
Service quality and customer satisfaction at ISS Faciltiy Service company (Cleaning  Service)
Measuring customer satisfaction: a Sonera store case study
Customer service satisfaction is something which has not been researched enough from an e-commerce perspective. Because increasing number of people are purchasing online, it is very important to ensure the customer service satisfaction in order to sustain and improve the sales and profitability. In the last five years, e-commerce in Finland has grown by twenty percent. The purpose of this thesis is to understand the customer service satisfaction in Finnish online stores and identify the areas of improvement. After the theoretical analysis of key topics, a qualitative survey was carried out to understand the current state of customer satisfaction and room for improvement. According to the survey, customers are generally satisfied with their online purchasing experience. However there are some issues regarding the customer service experience and dispute resolution that can be helpful for the e-commerce site owners in order to improve the overall customer service satisfaction.
Customer satisfaction and internationalization through e-marketing : Case: Cybershop web shop
Inventory Process Management & Optimization in Small Businesses : Based on Warehouse Management Systems & Inventory Management Approaches
Analyzing the impact on consumer satisfaction, behavior and at-titudes by using eco-friendly practices and products in Surfers Paradise/Gold Coast city hotels, Australia.
CUSTOMER OPINIONS ON BANK SERVICES IN CHINA CONSTRUCTION BANK
Improving customer satisfaction
Customer satisfaction development research : comparison of the customer feedback success factors of Sixt Finland and Sixt Sweden
Development of sevice quality to enhance customers satisfaction
Improving Customer Satisfaction at Oy Poppamies
End-user satisfaction measurement in facility maintenance services
A research on consumer satisfaction and shopping patterns of households in the North Eastern Savo region
Improving Customer Satisfaction, case Tiger Airways
Marketing research for Oy Coop Consult Ab
SUCCESS FACTORS OF A CHINESE RESTAURANT
The Impact of a Robust Quality System on a Bank's Customer Satisfaction Levels : a Research Study for Lammin Osuuspankki
User engagement at jyväskylä paviljonki trade fair center : cases FinnGraf 2009, Electricity, Telecommunications, Light & Audio Visual 2010 and Tekniikka 2010
Developing customer satisfaction for case company's project workers
The Impact of Corporate Social Responsibility Initiatives and Customer Centric Initiatives on Customers
Development of continuous customer satisfaction measurement at I-Valo
The Influence of Culture and Personality on Customer Satisfaction : an Empirical Analysis Across Countries
Customer Satisfaction in Service Industry : Case Study of Nokia River Golf
Developing the Wolf Cave as a Tourism Attraction
Customer satisfaction Case: National Life Insurance Company Limited, Khulna Branch
Abstract: .
Customer Satisfaction: Rantasipi Ikaalinen Spa
This research focused in comparing the received customer feedback of the worldwide operating Sixt Rent a Car in the franchise countries Finland and Sweden. Objective of the thesis was to find out the differences in the success factors between the two neighbouring markets, discovering points of development in for customer satisfaction. The main research method was quantitative desktop study on the received customer feedback for observation period of one year. The main research was reinforced by qualitative research into the received verbal feedback commentary and by expert interviews with the management personnel of Sixt Finland and Sixt Sweden. The development suggestions are intersection of the research findings and the theoretical framework addressing service management, customer behaviour, customer satisfaction and the concepts of customer journey mapping and quality perception. Factual market differences between the countries concerning car rental industry were also addressed to ensure the validity and relevance of the study. Main findings of the research revealed that for the observation period, the overall received customer feedback was slightly better in favour of Sixt Sweden. Main reasons covered in the conclusions include differing organizational structures, difference in the vehicle fleet composition and cultural differences between the countries and organizations. Relating to the market size of the countries, also the business volumes can be seen as one factor affecting customer feedback. The development suggestions introduced are centred on the importance of customer-based thinking. Various themes e.g. customer service situations, communication, vehicles, premises and attitudes of the customer service personnel are covered in the development draft.
In this study I want to find out what customer relationship marketing means for the case company Uniglass Engineering Oy operating in industrial markets. The objective of the study is to examine the role of customer relationships and how Uniglass establishes and maintains relations with its key customers and how it correlates to company performance. Company performance is measured by examining two individual customers and their satisfaction with the case company. Theoretical framework for the study is based on literature of the topic. The theory part defines the contest and different elements of customer relationship marketing. The empirical part of the study introduces the case company and its way of dealing with customer relationships from the company's point of view as well as from the customer's viewpoint. The meaning of the empirical study was to evaluate the how customer relationships are handled in the company and can it be turned into a competitive advantage. The main findings of the research were that the case company Uniglass is interested in establishing, developing and maintaining long-term business relations with customers, which is the core of defining the term customer relationship marketing. Uniglass has managed to create a trustworthy relationship with the customers and the customers interviewed for the study felt they had been offered more than the product itself.
Customer satisfaction survey of Oras products
Analysis of a new product package for a travel agency
A customer satisfaction survey for a fast food restaurant chain in Satakunta region
Customer Satisfaction Survey for Business Customers
Factors affecting business customers decision to a choose a supplier: Case: Ovitor Oy
Researching customer satisfaction and loyalty : how to find out what people really think
Qualitative customer satisfaction survey : Aerokoski Dr. Erben GmbH
The effects of customer satisfaction on customer retention and loyalty in supply chain management : case study: Company XYZ
Service quality measurement : issues and perspectives
The topic of this thesis is a qualitative customer satisfaction survey for clients of company X. This research was conducted for a small travel agency in Germany, which specializes for skiing and adventure holidays around the world. The aim of the study was to find ways of maintaining customer satisfaction level, which has been proven to be good by previous studies of the company. The research was carried out as a qualitative research, with only a small amount of interviewed respondents. The research method was chosen in order to find more profound answers to the research questions. The interviews were conducted through telephone for a broad variety of clients around Germany. The theoretical background of this thesis has been built around marketing of services and customer satisfaction. Presented are the special features and challenges of services market-ing, and methods to be used to influence customer satisfaction. Results show that customer satisfaction remains top class, nevertheless, some improvement ideas were received from the respondents. The three main findings of the research were the importance of personal and customized service for the respondents, the employee perform-ance value, and company X̕s main partner̕s role in the company. The main partner was brought up during the interviews several times, and often the respondents answered the questions as if the research was conducted for that company. Profile clarification and strengthening would be essential improvement points for for company X in order to enable stable sales of all travels throughout the year, not only from the main partner and during winter season. Another point the company must not forget, is to preserve the employees̕ high quality performance in order to provide the best possible service for the demanding clients.
Customer satisfaction of internal business travel services at Finnair Plc
The development of customer satisfaction survey tool for outsourcing services business
Customer satisfaction research for Pohjoismaiden Mediakeskus Oy
Community care : asking the user
Customer Satisfaction Survey for Wasa Logistics Ltd
Customer Satisfaction Survey on Ryanair Webpages
Development and Improvement of Customer Relations in the Luxury Cottages Portal Business
Customer satisfaction research : case: Naantalin Aurinkoinen Oy
Customer Satisfaction and its Importance to Market-Leader Strategies; case: Vietnam Airlines, German branch
Customer Relationship Management  : Evaluating customer Relationship Management:case Lennol Oy
Higher profits through customer lock-in : a roadmap
Advance in the local tourism through marketing approach : Case: Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Abstract: Customer satisfaction of Finnish tourists with hotel services in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
Customer Satisfaction through Product Lifecycle Management Process : Action Research
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION AND CUSTOMER LOYALTY WITH PERSPECTIVE OF DEVELOPING A COMPANY : CASE COMPANY: OLIVE BAY INTERNATIONAL KY-FINLAND
WELL-BEING OF BODY AND SOUL : Fitness and Pampering in Spa Hotel Kivitippu
Customer satisfaction research for Company X
Customer satisfaction survey for clothing store Pointguard
Improving internal customer relationship in IT Purchases Case: Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences
How to measure anything : finding the value of "intangibles" in business
Midsummer in Top Camping Yyteri : a customer satisfaction survey
Competitive advantage through customer satisfaction
Intercultural customer service encounters : a behavioral study of satisfactory and unsatisfactory service outcomes
Customer satisfaction analysis : Case Company Aninkaisten Kiinteistövälitys Oy
Development of B2B customer satisfaction in package tour : case company: Meridian Holiday
Winners in business aren't the ones who do the most things; the winners are the ones who do the most important things Be the Best at What Matters Most. is about the one essential strategy for business leaders, entrepreneurs, owners, managers and those who want to be one. Simplify, focus, and win by outperforming all your competition on those things that create real value for the customer. This is about substance, not flash, and the ultimate "wow" factors of high quality performance, consistency and relentless improvement. * Thought provoking questions, activities, and action steps are built into every section of the book * Author Joe Calloway, an International Speakers Hall of Fame inductee, has been a popular business speaker for thirty years and worked with hundreds of companies to help them create and sustain success * Author has published four books with Wiley Be the Best at What Matters Most will help you and your team focus on taking the actions that maximize results, growth, and profit.
The objective of the thesis was to understand whether the associates of the Italian Chamber of Commerce in Costa Rica are satisfied with the services that the organization provides,  and with the relationship they have with it. The interest on the topic derives from the personal understanding of the researcher of the importance of Customer Satisfaction in the  modern business environment. Further, the researcher's proposal has been positively accepted by the director of the Chamber of Commerce, at the beginning of a five-month  internship. The theoretical framework for this thesis was based on the understanding of services and  their features, taking into account the importance of customers' needs and expectations, in order to be able to measure their satisfaction. Moreover, notions of service quality have been presented as closely related to satisfaction and to customer loyalty. The theories that support the thesis included also the concepts of customers' feedbacks, complaints and service recovery. This theoretical framework has been mainly collected using 'Service Marketing̜' and 'Customer Satisfaction Evaluation' material. In order to carry on an observation of the service users' behaviour, a qualitative research was implemented, in form of interviews, on the basis of the research problems defined at the beginning of this work, which were related to customer satisfaction, fulfilled promises, good relationship and further suggestions to the organization. The data have been collected,  analyzed, interpreted within the time of the internship, and afterwards the drawing of conclusions and recommendations took place. The findings of this study are provided at the end of the work together with conclusions and suggestions for improvement to the Chamber of Commerce. To summarize, it has been  revealed that the service users are generally satisfied with the operate of the Chamber of Commerce, that the staff managed to establish good relationships with the customers and that improvements are needed as regards specific matters, such as the provision of statistical data and privacy.  The recommendations at the end of the work include a list of personal observations of the researcher, on the base of the reported findings and on the personal experience within the Italian Chamber of Commerce during the internship.
Improvement of Customer Satisfaction and Service Quality. Case Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj
Perception-based pricing strategies for mobile services in customer marketing context
Customer centric approach as a strategic tool in the telecommunication industry : Case Vodafone Ghana
The Development of Customer Relationships and business : Epe's Music Store
Handbook for sales departments in international business, case: SOL
"Weber has a keen understanding of the future of marketing. As the brave new world of digital marketing gets more complicated, and brands need to engage more with their customers--a trusted guide is necessary. The Digital Marketer is that guide."
Service design for Chinese restaurant management in Finland
Customer Satisfaction of Russian and Ukrainian New Year and Christmas charter travelers to Ruka and Kuusamo
Customer Satisfaction Research of Suning Appliance
Customer Satisfaction Survey for an E-commerce Company : Case: Omenamies
The lean startup : how today's entrepreneurs use continuous innovation to create radically successful businesses
Improving Customer Satisfaction and Customer Service Levels : Case: Nakumatt Mega City Supermarket
Customer satisfaction and visibility research for Kajaanin Hokki
Contentment of SEPA-introduction of Corporate Customers of Säästöpankki
Total Quality Management in Nigerian SME Companies : A Case Study of Rolling Technologies Communication Limited
A customer satisfaction measurement system : case: Ab Rani Plast Oy
Recovery
Customer satisfaction of an apartment hotel
The customer delight principle : exceeding customers' expectations for bottom-line success
The purpose of this thesis was to find out, how the case company could develop the customer satisfaction level of its mostly foreign project workers, who use English as their working language. The case company is specialized in staffing and recruiting in all business areas. The objective was to define the current level of customer satisfaction level and how it could be developed. In addition the target group's interest towards possible new services was investigated.  In the theory part customer relationship management, customer satisfaction, customer loyalty and development of customer relationships were examined. Service marketing was also researched. Each field was defined and it was investigated, how they could be measured.  The empirical part was conducted with a customer satisfaction questionnaire and a complementary interview. The customer satisfaction questionnaire was sent to the whole target group and the complementary interview was held for a small group. Qualitative research methods were used in the study. With the questionnaire and the interview, the current level of customer satisfaction was defined, means how to develop it and also, for what kind of new services the target group would be interested in.  The research findings were analyzed and they showed that the customer satisfaction level is good. Based on the findings, the case company was recommended to develop different services. These were for example free time activities, info package about working in Finland for foreigners and cleaning service. By developing new services the case company brings increased customer value to the current customer relationships, which could elevate the customer satisfaction level.
Importance of customers satisfaction in Waskia restaurant
The digital marketer : ten new skills you must learn to stay relevant and customer-centric
Customer Satisfaction Level in Mount Sherpa Restaurant
Vuosaari library customer satisfaction
Be the best at what matters most : the only strategy you will ever need
Mobile application as a potential key customer base
The aim of this Bachelor's Thesis is to design a customer satisfaction survey for Jätevesiliike Vestelli Ltd. In addition to the design, the survey is also tested to see how it works in practice. The results of the testing will be used to improve the questions and format of the survey, if necessary.  Measuring customer satisfaction is very important to companies, since customers are the starting point of any business.  Measuring customer satisfaction constantly the company finds out how satisfied the customers are with the products and services leave room for improvement.    The design of the customer satisfaction survey process was conducted in April 2016. The design of the survey was done by implementing quantitative questionnaire methods. The testing of the survey was conducted also in April 2016. The customer data used for the testing of the survey were chosen from the last customers of the company between 02.11.2015 - 19.04.2016.     On the basis of the results of this research, it can be concluded that the design of the survey was sufficient and that it should work when implemented by the company later on. The timing to conduct the survey was not, however, ideal. This was because so few already purchased systems were actually installed by the time of the survey. Thus there was only few replies to the survey. The author recommends the implementation of the customer satisfaction survey to be held in autumn 2016.      Key words: customer satisfaction, design, testing, survey.
Customer satisfaction of an industrial product : case PiccoLink RF500 / RF600
Customer satisfaction study of services from Bank X
Customer Satisfaction : Case Farm Tourism Ilomäki
Customer satisfaction in car maintenance service
Customer Satisfaction of S-card members in Sokos Hotel Ilves
Customer buying behavior and satisfaction : case: Luontaistuntijat Ltd
A customer satisfaction is a important part of building a successful company. Customers are the best way to measure the company's need of the development and find out what the customers are satisfied of. The author chose to do a research about the customer satisfaction in a small accommodation company called Kaksi Kalaa. It was the first formal and textual customer satisfaction for this company. There exist many researches and theories of how to measure the customer satisfaction. In this case the research was conducted as a questionnaire survey. The collected data is processed with Tixel software and is analysed using Experience Pyramid. The aim for doing this research was not only to help the already existing products and services in Kaksi Kalaa, but hopefully it can also lift up new ideas about how the business could develop and increase in the future.
Customer satisfaction survey for a game centre
Increasing customer commitment by strengthening sales process
Satisfaction : a behavioral perspective on the consumer
Customer Satisfaction as a Base for Tourism Development Case: Helsinki Region Transport
Design and testing of a customer satisfaction survey process
Customer satisfaction : Case: A student mobility services agency
The impact of customer service quality on customer satisfaction in tourism sector
Winning customer centricity : putting customers at the heart of your business - one day at a time
Customer satisfaction and behavioral intentions as antecedents of Share of Wallet : inspecting the role of loyalty programs
Customer satisfaction and its importance to market-leader strategies : case: Vietnam Airlines, German branch
MIDSUMMER IN TOP CAMPING YYTERI - A CUSTOMER SATISFACTION SURVEY
Customer satisfaction study for Porvoon Yrittäjät Association
Breakfast service quality in Restaurant Gui, Hilton Helsinki Airport hotel.
Service Quality and Customer Satisfaction in the Restaurant Business : Case Study - Sagarmatha Nepalese Restaurant in Vantaa
Group buying customer satisfaction survey - a quantitative research study based on Chinese customers’ perspectives
Abstract: Customer satisfaction survey of Oras products.
Custom-made fashion : Customized fashion collection
Customer Satisfaction of Internal Business Travel Services at Finnair Plc
Neste Oil Rally Spectator 2011 : profile, typology, satisfaction and willingness to recommend  the event
Enhancing customer satisfaction in an ICT company's small business segment using six sigma : case Microsoft Oy
Customer research for Skydive Häme
Student Satisfaction and Academic Rankings: Do They Correlate?  : Study Advisory as an Alternative to Academic Rankings.
Productisation : Case Kasve Ltd.
Customer Retention in E-commerce business
Abstract:
Investigation of the factors influencing the level of customer satisfaction of the Club Tax-‎free members at KappAhl Lappeenranta
How clients perceive the functioning of Tapionkatu Health Centre : a quantitative study
Customer satisfaction of Russian and Ukrainian New Year and Christmas charter travellers in Kuusamo and Ruka
Core customer satisfaction survey : case Mac Steel Co
Customer satisfaction in Kaksi-Kalaa
Customer satisfaction : assistive devices rental at Respecta Oy
Cultural differences in spa tourism and the expectations of Finnish spa goers
Benefits and utilisation of customer satisfaction surveys
Customer Experience with an Enhancing Service
Customer service satisfaction survey of e-commerce sites in Finland
Significance of cutomer satisfaction in mental health care services : case: Kakspy
The lean product playbook : how to innovate with minimum viable products and rapid customer feedback
How can TQM be incorporated with B2B selling : a finnish paper industry case study
Customer Relationship Management- research : Case: Learnpoint Oy
Chinese customer satisfaction survey of online shopping:a case study of Taobao
Three different events held in the area of Itä-Uusimaa, Finland
Tourist customer service satisfaction : an encounter approach
Trust as a strategy for handling uncertainty in private savings choices
The objective of this thesis is to assess and measure the level of satisfaction of the internal business travel customers at Finnair Plc. The internal business travel services are provided by the Travel Management unit within the organisation. Its internal business travel customers are the departments and subsidiaries of the Finnair Group. The study was aimed at the representatives of the internal business travel customers rather than the entire departments as a whole. The internal business travel services at Finnair are mainly self-service by nature. The managers of the Travel Management unit negotiate agreements with business travel service suppliers and the agreements are placed on the company's intranet. Booking services are not part of the internal business travel services. The only exceptions to this are flight reservations and ticketing that are provided by the Staff Travel Office operating within the Travel Management unit. Theoretical framework of the thesis is focused on customer satisfaction and service quality. These two themes are by no means new and plenty of previous research is available on them. This thesis employs the service quality dimensions of SERVQUAL and the Gaps Model of Service Quality as the main theories for the research. The contextual framework deals with Travel Management processes and concepts. The empirical research was conducted by using a quantitative method. The study was carried out by a questionnaire which was given to the representatives of internal business travel customers in person during a meeting. Those not present in the meeting received the questionnaire by internal mail afterwards. The questionnaire had eight sections designed according to the internal business travel services offered by the Travel Management unit of Finnair. Each section also had an open-ended comment possibility. The eighth section was left entirely for additional feedback and comments. The total amount of the sample was 42 and the response rate was 59.52%. The results of the questionnaire indicate that currently the overall level of satisfaction among the departments using the internal business travel services of the Travel Management unit is quite high, yet not excellent. The importance of providing excellent service to internal customers needs to be enforced better within the Travel Management unit, especially to the service personnel that are in contact with the representatives of the internal business travel customers.
Service journey and Customer experience in Marimekko shop Berlin
Business customer satisfaction  : Case: Kultasuklaa
What drives customer loyalty in brick and mortar fashion retail?
Customer satisfaction research for Kotimaailma Apartments
Strategic marketing plan for a hotel
Customer’s satisfaction and loyalty through e-commerce: the case of company X
Customer satisfaction in Kullo Golf between years 2004 and 2008
