http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7227 cooperation (industrial democracy)
cooperation (industrial democracy)
Vereinskultur und Zivilgesellschaft in Nordosteuropa : regionale Spezifik und europäische Zusammenhänge = Associational culture and civil society in North Eastern Europe : regional features and the European context
Bitter legacy : confronting the Holocaust in the USSR
The collaborator
Whitleyism : A Study of Joint Consultation in the Civil Service
Villagization in the Arsi region of Ethiopia
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Optimizing Innovation Management: A Customer Integration Perspective : How should Lead Customers be Integrated in Product Development to Optimize Innovation Management
The new technology and the law of industrial democracy in France : protecting civil liberties in the workplace
A study of the primary society, Kemco, in the western province of Zambia
The Swedish model for workers' participation in decision-making at enterprise level : experience and projects
Design for collaborative minds : a visual designers contribution to the collaborative consumption model [sic]
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
Internal Service Analysis : The trainer’s internal activities in the service delivery
International handbook of participation in organizations : for the study of organizational democracy, co-operation, and self-management. Vol. 2, Ownership and participation
PhD study on disability and international intervention in Central Asia
Sharing rules and stability in coalition games with externalities : the case of the Baltic Sea cod fishery
Enhancing innovation capability and business opportunities : cases of SME-oriented applied research
Lithuania business intelligence report
Barents tourism : action plan (2nd edition)
Design thinking research : taking breakthrough innovation home
Innovation competencies development : INCODE barometer and user guide
Social dialogue : the situation in the Community in 1995
Lithuania profile
Lonely writers: assessment of KEPA's information officer co-operation : case study of Thailand and Indonesia
Creating partnership between a multinational pharmaceutical company and a university hospital in Finland
Collaborative risk management in globalization of sourcing : Intra-organizational approach
Knowledge, space, economy
Partnerships in sustainable urban development : experiences from Sweden and Finland
International collaboration : towards joint research activities in the strategic partnership
Employee ownership in America : the equity solution
The animals of Farthing Wood : the river
The socio-economic impact of transnational corporation on mining community and artisanal small-scale miners : a case study of Mererani Tanzania
Business Plan for Establishing A Sauna Club in Lu'an, China
International business : the new realities
Starting collaboration in supply chain with a telecom market customer in Russia
Developing an International Network for Demola's Open Innovation Environment
Change and continuity
The secret of the blue glass
The road to co-operation : escaping the bottom line
Implementation of ridesharing as a channel of goods delivery : case company: Coreorient Oy
Way to grow! : collaborative branding model for small design enterprises
Best practices : strategic alliances
Leading with emotional intelligence : hands-on strategies for building confident and collaborative star performers
Organising capacity - a collective process leading to place branding : coordination, co-operation and engagement
Collaborative media : production, consumption, and design interventions
The European Commission’s Social Business Initiative in Terms of Finland : Evaluating the Strengths and Weaknesses of the Social Business Initiative in Relation to Finland’s Environment for Social Entrepreneurship
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Workers and management : the german co-determination experiment
Empowering teachers : what successful principals do
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
Partnership and the high performance workplace : work and employment relations in the aerospace industry
Cooperation and participation at Finnish workplaces : a literature based report
Collective action in commons : its diverse ends and consequences
Latvia business intelligence report
The effectiveness of aid in improving regulations : empirical evidence and the drivers of change in Rwanda
Works councils : consultation, representation, and cooperation in industrial relations
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Networking, its use and development within bio business : a case study Turku Science Park
Innovation Environments of Opposite Natures: Commercialisation of Innovations Through Finnish-Russian Cooperation
Co-determination : the German model
Socioeconomic aspects of human behavioral ecology
Pelori : designing a digital service for maker projects through research
Alternatives to capitalism : the economics of partnership : proceedings of a conference held in honor of James Meade by the International Economic Association at Windsor, England
A development plan for an international partner network : case Jyväskylä Regional Development Company JYKES Ltd
Profits with principles : seven strategies for delivering value with values
An explanation of grounded theory
Towards practical model-based testing : improvements in modelling and test generation
Are we thinking straight? : the politics of straightness in a lesbian and gay social movement organization
Methods and tools for collaborative networked organizations
Stakeholder relations in the regional state administration : case Central Finland Regional Environment Centre
Collaborative practitioners, collaborative schools
Catching the rain : a successful partnership restores drylands in Tunisia
PlanetHero : collaborative system for public good initiatives : exploration of design opportunities and challenges in collaboration of public good sector in Cape Town, SA
Positive linking : how networks are revolutionising your world
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Interprofessional care and collaborative practice
Identification of characteristics for successful university-company partnership development
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
Combi2011 : conference proceedings
Social Service Entrepreneurship As a Context for Entrepreneurial Activity
Practical research and evaluation : a start-to-finish guide for practitioners
Finland's development cooperation 2010
Translators in production networks : reflections on agency, quality and ethics
The new generation of watershed management programmes and projects : a resource book for practitioners and local decision-makers based on the findings and recommendations of an FAO review
Unraveling reflections of an organization
Public relations and social theory : key figures and concepts
Coordination of complex operations over organisational boundaries
Abstract: From togetherness to project activity : a case study on the development of a neighbourhood in Kainuu and the role of physical activity in joint planning.
Futures for work : a book of original readings
CoPack : toolkit for training collaborative planning
Collective goals and cooperation
Corporate social responsibility disclosure practices in Vietnam : differences between English and Vietnamese versions of large listed companies
Middle management involvement in strategy and its association with organisational learning capability
Partnering as a strategy to approach new markets : case Anders Inno
Pre-contractual partnering for office transformation projects
Discovering common ground : how future search conferences bring people together to achieve breakthrough innovation, empowerment, shared vision, and collaborative action
Practices in cooperation between universities and businesses
Establishing a healthcare emergency response coalition
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Abstract: This thesis addresses buyer-supplier relationships and identification of drivers that  initiate the development of such relationships. The main purpose of this thesis is  to provide guidelines that assist companies in the process of determining the  drivers for relationship development.  The focus of the theoretical part of this thesis is on buyer-supplier relationships  and especially on identifying and defining the drivers of relationship development.  In addition purchasing as a part of supply chain management is briefly introduced  to distinguish the context for the theoretical part.  The empirical part of this thesis consists of the demonstration of the process of  determining drivers for relationship development. It is based on desk and field  research. Desk research consists of combining various sources to generate an  assessment form which is utilized in determining the drivers. Field research is  conducted by applying the generated form to the case company followed by  interviews with the company's representative.  In this thesis critical strategic factors, relationship strength indicators and potential  benefits were identified as the aspects of the drivers of relationship development.  The generated assessment form proved to be a competent tool in assessing the first  two aspects of the drivers. The form also contributes to the evaluation of the third  aspect, potential benefits, since this evaluation is largely derived from the  assessment of the first two.  As a result of the research moderate yet conscious strengthening of the  relationship towards more cooperative approach was recommended to the case  company. In addition the empirical part of this thesis provided guidelines that  assist especially small and medium size enterprises in assessing the  appropriateness of developing their buyer-supplier relationships. However the  conducted research focused strictly on the initial stage of buyer-supplier  relationship development and as such leaves opportunities and provides a basis for  further research on the subject.
Digital collaborations and entrepreneurship : the role of shareconomy and crowdsourcing in the era of smart city
Corporate governance : an action plan for profitability and business success
Management and morale
Networking cultural knowledge : an interactive and experiential strategy to apply intercultural communication in business
The big book of leadership games : quick, fun activities to improve communication, increase productivity, and bring out the best in your employees
Exploring co-creation of educational videos in an international collaborative context
A comparative study of institutional frameworks for local public service partnerships in Finland and Scotland
How to market Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences and increase its competitiveness in Chinese market in order to attract more Chinese degree students.
The case of the GSM standard for mobile telecommunication : shaping technology as a means of transforming society
New frontiers of democratic participation at work
Collaboration in Discontinuous Innovation in the Construction Industry
Center of Excellence as an efficiency factor : case OPEX
Powers of two : finding the essence of innovation in creative pairs
CoDesign : International journal of CoCreation in design and the arts
Treason on trial in revolutionary Pennsylvania : the case of John Roberts, miller
A natural history of human thinking
Designing tangible interfaces for collective decision making in interactive theatre : or understanding audience behaviour as result of tangible interfaces and various decision making mechanisms
English abstract.
Connected community - a new approach to business strategy
Production, power and participation in rural Thailand : experiences of poor farmers' groups
Green Solutions for Logistics Customers : Case Study: DHL
Information services today : an introduction
Globally oriented citizenship and international voluntary service
The Scanlon plan... : a frontier in labor-management cooperation
Learning through cooperation and competition
Plant closings : power, politics, and workers
European works councils : information and consultation of employees in multinational enterprises in Europe
Internationalization of knowledge-intensive business service franchise to Great Britain : case study: Finnish Company Acquisition Ltd
Estonia business intelligence report
Adventurous decade and more : Diak's partnership in Asia
Changing the way we work : internal outsourcing within localization industry
Spillovers in R&D, RJV, and patent pooling
New directions in work organisation : the industrial relations response
Social movements and Bourdieu : class, embodiment and the politics of identity
Developing and testing a prototype tool to track and measure Co-creation activity
Design thinking research : studying co-creation in practice
Associations of market traders : their roles and potential for further development
No ordinary patchwork : an exploration of the possibilities of collage art in fashion design
This thesis seeks to establish an understanding of the consortium co-operation concept and the development thereafter, in the context of the case study, AFDA. AFDA is seeking to develop the internationalization of the defence and aerospace industry in Finland. This is implemented via a collaborative joint effort in the form of a consortium.     The scope is limited to the management and communication aspects. The first focal point, being the management aspects, leading to the development of a management model and its related elements. The second on the communication aspect and needed tools in consortium communication. The aim of this thesis is to build a theoretical framework of how a consortium should be constructed, managed and communication handled within such an entity.     Consortia have been a relatively untouched subject field. This poses both challenges and opportunities in further development of the said field. Plausible consortium management and communication models however can be proposed through the identification of important elements of co-operation, tools for management and communications, stemming from the research of existing consortia. This is implemented via a qualitative approach to research, using AFDA as the case study.    The results showed a degree of similarity to other co-operative concepts as well as new, unique elements. Consortia require various key entities in order to work effectively. Proper and effective communication tools in tandem with ever changing environments are needed to maintain trust and clarity. Most importantly, the establishment of a mutual goal provides alignment of consortium members' objectives. A coherent model thus emerges for both management and communication perspectives.
Collaborate : the art of we
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Rethinking public-private partnerships : strategies for turbulent times
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
A theory of social action
Performing political opposition in Russia : the case of the youth movement Oborona
Eurosocialism and America : political economy for the 1980s
Social Impacts of Mining in Sodankylä
Startup communities : building an entrerpreneurial ecosystem in your city
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Consulting European social partners : understanding how it works
Collaboration in education
"Learning sustainability" : resite II
This Discussion Paper explores Nigeria's human development aid to Africa, Caribbean and Pacific countries under its international volunteer programme called the Technical Aid Corps (TAC). It critically examines the relationship between participation in international civic service and civic nationalism. Using a combination of empirical and analytical methods, the author is able to provide insights into the impact of two decades of Nigeria's aid diplomacy within the context of South-South solidarity and into the inculcation of values linked to globally oriented citizenship in TAC volunteers. The findings of this study are of value to those interested in emerging African development cooperation in the global South and the expanding notions of citizenship beyond borders. Scholars, development actors and policymakers will find this study refreshingly different and highly informative.
Climate-smart agriculture : possible roles of agricultural universities in a strengthened Norwegian climate change engagement in Africa
The green briefcase : implementing climate strategy on unit level in corporate environment
Reconceptualising democratic local governance in the Niger Delta
Suomen metsäntuottajain vapaan yhteistoiminnan muodoista : On the forms of voluntary co-operation between private forest owners in Finland
The nature of co-operation
Small Business Act in practice in the Baltic Sea states
The development of co-operation between TNT Finland Oy and Matkahuolto Oy
Six months in a finnish-chinese joint venture : a cultural study
Visualising collective actions : the process of creating the ArtovaModel
Distributed user interfaces : usability and collaboration
Building bridges or digging trenches? : civil society engagement after the arab spring
The Africa policies of Nordic Countries and erosion of the Nordic aid model : a comparative study
The core of the sun
Kuressaare - Vammala : Young made it! : Co-operation project between the twin-cities 2008.
Physician-Nurse Relationship : Nurses' perception in internal medicine and surgical units
Co-operative research projects for SMEs. Vol. 3
International handbook of participation in organizations : for the study of organizational democracy, co-operation, and self-management. Vol. 1, Organizational democracy : taking stock
The following paper introduces an innovative international collaboration in teacher education held in 2014. This event, described as an educational video challenge, was organized as a 72 hour, hackathon-style educational experience in which university-level students worked together in teams to co-create educational videos. The objective of the challenge event was to encourage teacher students to explore the design and use of educational videos for use in their teaching practice. The challenge was simultaneously held at three universities in Finland, Austria and Germany and culminated in the screening of completed student-generated videos. The majority of videos produced during the event were trigger videos, while findings from a preliminary assessment conducted with participants suggest that an educational video challenge format shows promise as an effective method for enhancing skills associated with teaching through video and engaging participants in dialogue connected to practice.
The establishment of European works councils : from information committee to social actor
The pale house
Partnership formation in small biotechnology companies : Focus on challenges and success factors
Cooperatives as a tool for poverty reduction and promoting business in Tanzania
The development of village-based sheep production in West Africa : a success story involving women's groups : training manual for extension workers
Chinese communists and Hong Kong capitalists : 1937-1997
Consensus through conversation : how to achieve high-commitment decisions
Abstract: The European Commission's social business initiative in terms of Finland : evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of the social business initiative in relation to Finland's environment for social entrepreneurship. The objective of this paper is to investigate the environment for Social Entrepreneurship in Finland in terms of the European Commission's Social Business Initiative introduced in November 2011. The Social Business Initiative presents eleven key actions for creating a favourable environment for social enterprises. These key actions contain measures divided under funding, visibility and the legal environment for social enterprises. The intention of this thesis is to evaluate the Social Business Initiative and bring forth its biggest strengths and weaknesses within the context of the Finnish environment for social entrepreneurship. Qualitative research was conducted for the thesis including a semi-structured interview with the Head of Development of the Association for Finnish Work. The interview enabled the thesis to examine the situation of social entrepreneurship in Finland with deeper insight. Investigating reports – this including especially reports by the Finnish Ministry of Employment and the Economy on social entrepreneurship – was also an essential part of the implemented research. Since the topic holds a strong interconnection to the European Commission, the stands and work of the Commission were also investigated. It was found that many of the measures introduced in the European Commission's Social Business Initiative such as funding through structural funds, introducing societal criteria in public procurement and strengthening EU community programmes could be and are especially useful for promoting social entrepreneurship in Finland and have already been quite well established. In turn, the key actions also show weaknesses in the applicability of introducing new legislation and the capabilities for introducing social criteria in public procurement. This paper will first present the concept and definition of social entrepreneurship in relation to the EU and in Finland, then explain the key actions of the Social Business Initiative and lastly tie this in with the context of the Finnish environment.
Public relations in a transition society 1989-2002 : using a stakeholder approach in organisational communications and relations analyses
Meitheal : a study of co-operative labour in rural Ireland
Transnational responsibilities and multi-sited strategies : voluntary associations of Somali diaspora in Finland
The big book of team motivating games : spirit-building, problem-solving, and communication games for every group
Concise encyclopaedia of participation and co-management
Rigg's conception of development : observations on the Finnish development cooperation policy
Interdisciplinary accountability in the evaluation of research proposals : prospects for academic quality control across disciplinary boundaries
Health care and social welfare in cooperation : the Finnish report for the International investigation of the structure and methods of interprofessional cooperation from the point of view of assessing their outcome
Direct participation in action : the new bureaucracy
Connected community : a new approach to business strategy
Physician-nurse relationship : nurses' perception in internal medicine and surgical units
Communication and co-operation within intercultural multi-site project environment of a Case Company : Finland, Japan and the United Kingdom
The public sphere. Vol. 1, Discovering the public sphere
The cooperative workplace : potentials and dilemmas of organizational democracy and participation
Last 50 years have been witness significant changes in production processes fuelled by rapid technological advances, easy access to information and an ongoing trend towards globalization. As the level of commercial exchanges between countries grew, competition between firms became more intense, concurring to increased and improved product offers and need for continuous innovation. Most firms faced the dilemma of either becoming global players or vanish. In their endeavours to survive or gain supremacy on the market, firms further developed not only their product offering, but also worked out new business models and strategies that helped them to use their resources at their best and strengthen market position. Consequently, last decades have been witness significant shifts from traditional strategic approaches, based on vertical integration, towards promotion of collaboration and innovation in inter-firm relationships, and also visible trends towards diversifying firms' business strategies. As prestigious scholars had noticed correlations between company's success rate and its business model, the study of strategies employed by modern businesses became more wide-spread than before. The present thesis tries to bring into light one strategic approach that is becoming more and more popular among firms: connected community, also know as open business ecosystem strategy. It involves collaboration between business partners and competitors, for the research and development of innovative products and services that suits best customer's needs. By fostering collaboration and sharing principles, the strategy changes somehow the paradigm that implies the fact that only fierce competition can increase a firm' market share, showing that cooperation and fair practices have potential to play a significant role in an enterprise success. Using methods specific to case study research, the thesis make the reader understand what is a connected community strategy, how the strategy is applied in real-life situations, what are its benefits, and what kind of challenges could be meet when applying it. Aiming to offer an easy to understand guide about connected community strategy, the thesis combines a wide range of theoretical sources acquired from the works of well-acknowledged scholars, with practical examples from ARM Corp, the case-study company. By being able to offer a comprehensive image about the strategy, the thesis can be used as a stating point for the study of connected community concept, or for the ones willing to adopt an connected community approach in their business environment.
Workers' councils : the Yugoslav experience
Democracy at work : changing world markets and the future of labor unions
This Discussion Paper critically examines local governance in the Niger Delta and its relevance to the search for inclusive and sustainable conflict-resolution in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria. It critiques the existing local government system and explores the possibility of reconceptualising local governance along more inclusive, accountable and participatory lines that would institutionalise democracy, development and peace at the grassroots or community level in the troubled oil-rich region. Its originality lies in its departure from top-down perspectives, and its refocusing of attention on the oft-neglected local sites of conflict and under development. The paper will appeal to scholars, policy actors and development planners with a particular interest in developments at the African grassroots level.
Human Technology will move to a new physical location in January 2017—the Open Science Center of the University of Jyväskylä, due to university restructuring—yet the University remains the ultimate publisher. For Human Technology, change is inherent; indeed this is reflected in the research published in each issue. The present issue comprises five articles that demonstrate the ongoing integration of technology in most aspects of human living.
Prospects and constraints of democracy in contemporary society and industry
Abstract: This research explores how corporate level environment strategy could be implemented on organization levels throughout the corporation and how information about environment friendly products and services can be shared effectively. In order to strengthen existing business relationships along with building new long lasting ones, this study aims to determine means for Hewlett-Packard to improve cooperation with their customers from the perspective of implementing environment strategies as well as sustainable development, and thus gain competitive advantage over competitors.    A dominating feature in the current challenging business climate is “doing-more-in-less-time-and-with-lower-costs”. This kind of focus very often overrides any higher purposes of doing business from the point of view of what is right in terms of society, equity and environment. The negative impact of this type of cost effectiveness was also evident at  Hewlett-Packard. Most employees focus strictly on doing their core tasks at work and ignore other “less” important corporate level topics such as environmental strategies and objectives. The research was conducted by using the Action Research method. This included a literature review, interviews and a survey conducted among Hewlett-Packard employees. In addition, this study draws on the researcher's own experience and conclusions from working in Hewlett-Packard Oy as well as Nokia Oyj. The Green Briefcase concept was created in an effort to bring sustainable development and cost effectiveness closer together. The concept enables information sharing and  improved co-operation, both internally and with external interest groups.
Women artists in interwar France : framing femininities
Kult[t]u[u]r[i] : documentation of the project "cultureXchange" : 2007/2008
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Semi-professional design catalog : access to digital tools and ideas
Relations between higher education and the community : extension studies in the University of Tampere
Building networks
This critical and informed protest against the absurdity and dishonesty of neoclassical economic theory as it has progressed through the 20th century down to the present, sheds new light on the predicament faced in 2012. In The Road to Co-operation , Pearson highlights the dangers of using unrealistic mathematical models of human, organisational and market behaviour to guide policy prescriptions. He shows the damage done to real economies, markets, firms and people, by the unwarranted trust in unregulated markets, proclaimed by Friedman and colleagues, promulgated by academia and adopted by the financial-political-corporate nexus, now dominant in Anglo-American jurisdictions. Though real markets work better than known alternatives, Pearson makes the crucial distinction between the real and the speculative-financial, where totally different realities apply. Failure to make that distinction has transformed financial sectors from supportive of the real economy, to exploitative and sometimes fraudulent. Pearson provides a comparative analysis of corporate governance theory, law, and practice in different jurisdictions, including the self-destruction of post-mature Anglo-American governance with the more robust custom and practice in the industrial economies of Germany and Japan and emerging economies of China and India, which all exercise care for their real economic strengths and provide object lessons for governance in UK and US. The Road to Co-operation proposes realistic changes in policy and practice, in the context of sustainability, which would be prerequisite to recapturing real long term economic success on a co-operative and non-exploitative foundation. It will be invaluable for today's business faculty, students and practitioners as well as the 'madmen in authority'.
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Transforming learning : individual and global change
Populist collaborators : the Ilchinhoe and the Japanese colonization of Korea, 1896-1910
Initial findings from the IEA International civic and citizenship education study
Consortium management & communication model: case: Association of Finnish Defence and Aerospace Industry
Studies on corporate social responsibility in the Finnish small business context
Analysis of the Vietnamese commercial real estate market : Strategic investment implications for Evergreen Properties of Michigan, Inc.
Regulatory co-operation for an interdependent world
Determining drivers for buyer-supplier relationship develomepment : Pointguard Oy: buyer's perspective
Co-determination in business : workers' representatives in the boardroom
Making open innovation work
How I learned to let my workers lead
Improving the Follow-up of Incentives in Partner programs
The European Commission's social business initiative in terms of Finland : evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of the social business initiative in relation to Finland's environment for social entrepreneurship
Multidisciplinary approach to develop energy efficiency in the Barents region
Milk and biopolitics : the emergence and re-conceptualization of food sovereignty in the raw milk movement as a means of resisting biopower
Critical success factors and causes of failure in knowledge and skills transfer : intercultural communication in the context of development co-operation : experiences of eight Finnish consultants
Caring connections : compassionate mutuality in the organizational life of a nursing home
Innovation, learning, and communities
Cooperative learning and adults
Empowering teachers : what successfull principals do
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
OPEC and the IEA : the quest for producer-consumer cooperation
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
Show me your brain! : stories of interdisciplinary knowledge creation in practice : experiences and observations from Aalto Design Factory, Finland
How to manage without regional self-government? : the case of Finland
The sustainable enterprise : profiting from best practice
A social and environmental impact assessment of the Crucitas gold mining project in Costa Rica
Co-operative small-firm networks as factors in regional industrial development
Co-construction and collaboration in couple therapy for depression
Promotion of social awareness : powerful lessons from the partnership of developmental theory and classroom practice
Handmade in Namibia : design collaborations [sic] in artisan communities
