http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7226 codetermination (general)
codetermination (general)
The cooperative workplace : potentials and dilemmas of organizational democracy and participation
The shift from manufacturing- to service-based economies has often been accompanied by the expansion of low-wage and insecure employment. Many consider the effects of this shift inevitable. In Disintegrating Democracy at Work, Virginia Doellgast contends that high pay and good working conditions are possible even for marginal service jobs. This outcome, however, depends on strong unions and encompassing collective bargaining institutions, which are necessary to give workers a voice in the decisions that affect the design of their jobs and the distribution of productivity gains. Doellgast's conclusions are based on a comparative study of the changes that occurred in the organization of call center jobs in the United States and Germany following the liberalization of telecommunications markets. Based on survey data and interviews with workers, managers, and union representatives, she found that German managers more often took the high road than those in the United States, investing in skills and giving employees more control over their work. Doellgast traces the difference to stronger institutional supports for workplace democracy in Germany. However, these democratic structures were increasingly precarious, as managers in both countries used outsourcing strategies to move jobs to workplaces with lower pay and weaker or no union representation. Doellgast's comparative findings show the importance of policy choices in closing off these escape routes, promoting broad access to good jobs in expanding service industries.
Workers' financial participation : East-West experiences
Democracy at work : changing world markets and the future of labor unions
Participatory democracy and political participation : can participatory engineering bring citizens back in?
The new technology and the law of industrial democracy in France : protecting civil liberties in the workplace
Codetermination : labor's middle way in Germany
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
Conflict or co-operation? : the growth of industrial democracy
The Swedish model for workers' participation in decision-making at enterprise level : experience and projects
Beyond theory : changing organizations through participation
The future of employment relations
The global trap : globalization and the assault on prosperity and democracy
A Polish factory : a case study of workers' participation in decision making
Employee representatives in Europe and their economic prerogatives
Work organization and autonomous groups
Worker empowerment : the struggle for workplace democracy
Industrial democracy in Europe
Job power : blue and white collar democracy
The humanized workplace : a psychological, historical, and practical perspective
Managing employee involvement and participation
Employee representatives in an enlarged Europe. Vol. 1
Summary (s. 9-27).
Negotiating European works councils : an analysis of agreements under article 13
Analysis of the experiences of and problems encountered by worker take-overs of companies in difficulty of bankrupt : main report
Experiment in industrial democracy : a study of the John Lewis Partnership
Industrial democracy : the sociology of participation
Employee representatives in an enlarged Europe. Vol. 2
Labour law in Finland
Involvement of employees in the European Union : European Works Councils : The European Company Statute : Information and Consultation Rights
Worker participation in occupational safety and health : a practical guide
Re-creating the corporation : a design of organizations for the 21st century
European labour law and social policy
Workers' workplace organisations : their conceptual identification, historically specific conditions and manifestations
Fighting for partnership : labor and politics in unified Germany
European works councils : pessimism of the intellect, optimism of the will?
After Occupy : economic democracy for the 21st century
Alternative work organizations
European labour law and social policy : cases and materials
International handbook of participation in organizations : for the study of organizational democracy, co-operation, and self-management. Vol. 1, Organizational democracy : taking stock
Group of Experts "European Systems of Worker Involvement" : (with regard to the European Company Statute and other pending proposals) : final report
Systems of employee representation at the enterprise : a comparative study
Empowerment and democracy in the workplace : applying adult education theory and practice for cultivating empowerment
Can the workers run industry?
Ethical theory and business
Democracy at work : the report of the Norwegian industrial democracy program
The democratic corporation : a radical prescription for recreating corporate America and rediscovering success
Justice and home affairs in the European Union : the development of the third pillar
Workers and management : the german co-determination experiment
Direct communications in European multinationals: a case study approach
New frontiers of democratic participation at work
Employee representatives in Europe and their economic prerogatives [2001]
Employee participation in Europe
The elegant solution : Toyota's formula for mastering innovation
Worker participation in decisions within undertakings
Cooperation and participation at Finnish workplaces : a literature based report
Industrial relations in Europe 2006
Keeping America competitive : employment policy for the twenty-first century
Works councils : consultation, representation, and cooperation in industrial relations
The crest of the wave
Humanize work and increase profitability? : direct participation in organisational change viewed by the social partners in Europe
Concise encyclopaedia of participation and co-management
Participation and democratic theory
Co-determination : the German model
Evolution to democracy
Report on European-level information and consultation in multinational companies : an evaluation of practice
Roads to participation in the European Community : increasing prospects of employee representatives in technological change
Participation and democracy at work : essays in honour of Harvie Ramsay
Disintegrating democracy at work : labor unions and the future of good jobs in the service economy
