http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7229 board representation
board representation employee representation
When in Finland, do as the Finns do : know the rules and succeed!
Democracy at the local level : the International IDEA handbook on participation, representation, conflict management and governance
European parliaments under scrutiny : discourse strategies and interaction practices
Political representation and European Union governance
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
La Maison des Parlements : naissance d'un nouveau siège de l'Union interparlementaire (UIP) à Genève = The House of Parliaments : birth of a new home for the Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) in Geneva
Democratic dilemmas of multilevel governance : legitimacy, representation and accountability in the European Union
Employee representatives in Europe and their economic prerogatives
Codetermination rights of employees in the Finnish company law : a survey of the participation rights of employees in the management of an employer on the basis of the Companies Act, the Employee Representation Act and the Cooperation Act
Parliamentary control in the Nordic countries : forms of questioning and behavioural trends
Comparative politics today : a world view
Understanding European Union institutions
Finnish democracy
Authoritarianism constrained : the role of local people's congresses in China
Foreign ministries in the European Union : integrating diplomats
Employee representatives in an enlarged Europe. Vol. 1
National parliaments on their ways to Europe : losers or latecomers?
Government and politics of the United States
Board-level employee representation and the European company (SE)
A modern guide to the European Parliament
The Future of Representative Democracy
Suomen eduskuntatalo : J. S. Sirén, arch. = Finlands riksdagshus = Finland's parliament building = Le palais du parlement finlandais = Finnlands Reichstagsgebäude
Trying to make democracy work : Nordic parliaments and the European Union
Congress, the bureaucracy, and public policy
Electing a diverse Canada : the representation of immigrants, minorities, and women
Bodies within national parliaments specialising in European Community affairs
Report on Finland's representation abroad
Facts about the Congress
The 'democratic deficit' of the European Union is a much discussed concern of politicians and commentators, and this insightful collection argues that this is a result of the multi-level nature of EU governance. Focusing on the EU, this volume examines the problems multilevel governance causes for democratic legitimacy by placing it in a comparative and theoretical context, and explores how challenges faced by the EU compare with those faced by traditional federal systems worldwide. Through a combination of theoretical perspectives and empirical research, this book offers the means to evaluate the various explanations for the problems facing democracy within the EU and shows how legitimacy and accountability can be improved.
On the road of a republic : the Eduskunta, the Parliament of Finland - a hundred years in pictures
Italy : from First to Second Republic
Representative government in modern Europe
New second chamber of parliament building
Finland and the Russian Duma
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation : reference-book
An outline of American government
Challenges for Finland and democracy
American national government : institutions, policy, and participation
Summary.
Size and local democracy
The policy-making process
Time and politics : parliament and the culture of modernity in Britain and the British world
Public management reform from the point of view of parliamentary steering and auditing
"This book confronts and discusses different conceptions of political representation with respect to their application to the system of multi-level governance in the European Union. Political representation is an essentially contested concept. Its meaning has evolved with the development of representative democracy at the level of the nation state, and normative theories of political representation often evolved as a reflection on developing practices rather than the other way around. Since the EU is not a conventional nation state, and since the effectiveness and legitimacy of classic notions of political representation at the level of the national state has also become a matter of dispute, the EU has become a playground for the development of alternative or additional conceptions of democracy. The contributions to this volume evaluate these alternative conceptions with regard to both their effectiveness and their legitimacy, and combine both conceptual and empirical analyses." --Publisher's description.
Employee representatives in Europe and their economic prerogatives [2001]
"The Future of Representative Democracy poses important questions about representation, representative democracy and its future. Inspired by the last major investigation of the subject by Hanna Pitkin over four decades ago, this ambitious volume fills a major gap in the literature by examining the future of representative forms of democracy in terms of present-day trends and past theories of representative democracy. Aware of the pressing need for clarifying key concepts and institutional trends, the volume aims to break down barriers among disciplines and to establish an interdisciplinary dialogue among scholars. The contributors emphasise that representative democracy and its future is a subject of pressing scholarly concern and public importance. Paying close attention to the unfinished, two-century-old relationship between democracy and representation, this book offers a fresh perspective on current problems and dilemmas of representative democracy and the possible future development of new forms of democratic representation"--
Managing in the "Golden Cage" : an ethnographic study of work, management and gender in parliamentary administration
What are competent diplomats made of? : exploring competency management in Finnish Foreign Service
World encyclopedia of parliaments and legislatures
Industrial relations in Europe 2006
Women and men in decision making in the Finnish society
A cultural and transnational history of modern procedural reform in the Westminster parliamentary system in the 19th century, explaining how and why governments in Britain and the British world gained control over parliament through the application of new concepts of time and efficiency.
Political institutions in Europe
The period after Maastricht : the major challenges facing Europe - the role of the European Parliament
Our new Parliament House
British institutions of to-day
Democratization in Russia : the development of legislative institutions
New buildings, new taxes, and old interests : an urban problem of the 1670s
Employees' co-determination in Finnish companies
The Russian constitutional experiment : government and Duma, 1907-1914
A place called Nunavut : multiple identities for a new region : proefschrift ter verkrijging van het doctoraat in de Letteren aan de Rijksuniversiteit Groningen ..
Sustainable futures : replacing growth imperative and hierarchies with sustainable ways
Employee representatives in an enlarged Europe. Vol. 2
