http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7223 photography shops
photography shops
Horses and other animals in motion : 45 classic photographic sequences
Che's afterlife : the legacy of an image
Take me to the water : Immersion baptism in vintage music and photography 1890-1950
Sight, sound, motion : applied media aesthetics
Palestine : a photographic journey
Brought to light : photography and the invisible 1840-1900 : [San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, October 11, 2008 - January 4, 2009 : Albertina, Vienna, March 20 - June 6, 2009] / edited by Corey Keller ; with essays by Jennifer Tucker ... [et al.]
Outdoor action and adventure photography
Animals in motion
Fitting the task to the human : a textbook of occupational ergonomics
Kinesthetic empathy in creative and cultural practices
Train your gaze : (a practical and theoretical introduction to portrait photography)
Fundamentals of lighting
Light and movement in watercolour
Allah O Akbar : a journey through militant Islam
Photographies East : the camera and its histories in East and Southeast Asia
Visual language : the hidden medium of commucation
Merce my way : The Merce Cunningham Dance Company in photographs
Bliss : transformational festivals & the neo hippie
Physical agents in rehabilitation : from research to practice
Biological rhythms and photoperiodism in plants
MAMK Savonlinna : kuvia vuosien varrelta = Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences Savonlinna : photos over the years = Universitet prikladnyh nauk Mikkeli v Savonlinna : fotografii prošlyh let
Flatnessisgod : art + design + process + picture plane theory + x,y
The successful Flickr photographer
Designing with light : retail spaces : lighting solutions for shops, malls and markets ; series ed. Conway Lloyd Morgan
Action photography
"In Bliss ... Steve Schapiro, famous for his photographs of the 60s--including Haight-Ashbury and the hippies of that era--documents the hippies of today and their lives in and out of transformational festivals. With a specific focus on a subculture of the current hippie counterculture known as "Bliss Ninnies," these individuals are focused on meditation and dancing as a way to reach ecstatic states of joy. The book features images from festivals across the country and provides an overview of a new contemporary hippie life within America. The 60s are still here. You just have to find where."
Robin Williams design workshop
Photographic composition : a visual guide
Wood architecture in Finland
Contemporary Finnish architecture photographed by Jussi Tiainen = Zeitgenössische Finnische Architektur, photographiert von Jussi Tiainen = Architecture finlandaise contemporaire photographiée par Jussi Tiainen
Leonardo on painting : an anthology of writings by Leonardo da Vinci with a selection of documents relating to his career as an artist
Coherence of supercontinuum light
Shit New York : snapshots of the city that never sleeps - caught napping
Beyond the lens : rights, ethics and business practice in professional photography / [edited by Gwen Thomas & Janet Ibbotson]
Fotografii na pamât' : fotografy Nevskogo prospekta : 1850-1950 = Photographs for memory : photographers on Nevsky Prospekt : 1850-1950
Jaakko Saviranta - talousmaantieteen monitaituri = Jaakko Saviranta - an economic geographer with many interests
Presentation zen design : simple design principles and techniques to enhance your presentations
Anthropology and alterity : responding to the other
Helsinki : contemporary urban architecture
Eyetracking web usability
Aquarian odyssey : a photographic trip into the sixties
Physics : principles with applications
Motion studies : time, space and Eadweard Muybridge
Light junkies : [an international light painting exhibition]
Etinne-Jules Marey : a passion for the trace
Lime's photograph
Eadweard Muybridge : the human and animal locomotion photographs
Abstract.
Helios : Eadweard Muybridge in a time of change
Sport in the USSR : physical culture - visual culture
More than forty years have passed since members of the LGBTQ community took to the streets of New York City on the first anniversary of the Stonewall Riots for the world s first march for gay rights. From its modest, though ambitious, beginnings, the annual event has grown into an all-encompassing celebration of queer culture, drawing more than a million people. It has also come to mean many things to many people. For some, Pride has become too commercial or irrelevant as queer culture has become mainstream. To others, the festivities should be less about the politics of the gay rights movement and more about a joyful celebration of what it means to be queer. With an introduction by the nationally known satirist and activist Kate Clinton and published in the wake of the historic U.S. Supreme Court decision on same-sex marriage, "Pride and Joy" is an ode to this New York institution. Energetic, colorful, and irreverent, these images are a playful confirmation of equality. Incorporating portraits of marchers and bystanders and leading figures in the LGTBQ community, these photographs revel in the rich diversity of the parade. Exquisitely presented, the book includes interviews with members of the queer community about their relationship to the march, offering a startling variety of responses to this integral part of New York life. "Pride and Joy" is an inspiration not only to the queer community but to all those still fighting for their basic human rights.
Under a grudging sun : photographs from Haiti Libéré 1986-1988
Cooling demand and daylight in commercial buildings : the influence of window design
Picturing time : the work of Etienne-Jules Marey (1830-1904)
Trade mark & store design : L`anima oltre l`atlantico ; the soul beyond the atlantic
The civil rights movement : a photographic history, 1954-68
The role of the circadian clock in adaptation in seasonally changing environment in Drosophila montana
George Eastman and Kodak
Sears & Zemansky's college physics
The lusty lady
Swiss graphic design : the origins and growth of an international style 1920-1965
Swiss graphic design
GoPro : professional guide to filmmaking
Stopping time : the photographs of Harold Edgerton
The male and female figure in motion : 60 classic photographic sequences
Seascape stories : about the dream to be somewhere else
Suomalainen rakennustaide = Modern architecture in Finland
Pride & joy : taking the streets of New York City
Principles of visual perception
Sign language : street signs as folk art
The human figure in motion
Handbook of modern sensors : physics, designs, and applications
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 2, Vision II
Great Books of the Western World. 34, Mathematical principles of natural philosophy : optics
3:2 : the ontology of photographs in the phase of a new imagination
Expansion Plan for a Photography Company : Case: CaroK
The moving image : gesture and logos circa 1900
Sujikt : ensimmäinen kirja = Jnoils : den första boken = Iniits : the first book
University Physics
On the move : mobility in the modern western world
The touch of time : temporal sequence photography as works and theory
Caught in motion : high-speed nature photography
Creating a business plan for a martial arts photography enterprise
Direct copyright revenue streams in creative industries in Finland : evaluation model
