http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p723 Linux
Linux
Ubuntu Linux for non-geeks : a pain-free, project-based, get-things-done guidebook
Bootstrap yourself with Linux-USB stack : design, develop, debug, and validate embedded USB
Embedded Linux : hardware, software, and interfacing
Ubuntu Linux for dummies
Test automation in an RNC environment
Linux system administration : a user's guide
Securing and optimising Linux : the ultimate solution
Minimal Perl : for UNIX and Linux people
Application development with Qt Creator : design and build dazzling cross-platform applications using Qt and Qt Quick
Operating Systems with LINUX : emering core concepts and applications in operating systems
Sams teach yourself Red Hat Linux 9 in 24 hours
Windmill Monitoring Using PHP
Applied networking labs : a hands-on guide to networking and server management
Linux on the road : Linux with laptops, notebooks, PDAs, mobile phones and other portable devices
The Linux bible : the GNU testament
Adapting Base Station Operability Software into Linux and Symmetric Multiprocessor Architecture
The only single-source reference on the concept and implementation of TCP/IP in LinuxAs open source software becomes a trusted part of business and research systems, it's no wonder that a combination of the Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) and the Linux operating system is becoming more common. TCP/IP's prevalence allows easy communication among computers using various operating systems, whether Windows, Mac OS, Linux, or Unix. And Linuxb́ecause it is open source and thus modifiableh́as become a frequent choice for developers who want a customizable operating system on which to build their applications.This book describes the design and implementation of TCP/IP in Linux, from simple client-server applications to more complex executions. Topical coverage includes:. Basic socket concepts and implementations. The Linux implementation of network packets. TCP read/write. TCP algorithms for data transmission and congestion control. TCP timers. IP layer and routing tables implementation. IP forwarding and quality of service implementation. Netfilter hooks for the stacks. Network Soft IRQ. How to debug a TCP/IP stackAll topics are discussed in a concise, step-by-step manner and the book is complemented with helpful illustrations to give readers a better understanding of the subject. TCP/IP Architecture, Design, and Implementation in Linux is an indispensable resource for embedded-network product developers, network security product developers, IT network architects, researchers, and graduate students.
Linux socket programming by example
Ubuntu Linux desktop : your visual blueprint to using the Linux operating system
Real-time systems development
Linux application development for the enterprise
Red Hat Linux 7 for dummies
Linux programming unleashed
Linux unleashed
Beginning Ubuntu LTS Server Administration
How to do everything : ubuntu
Intelligent Linux-Based Access Point
CentOS 6 Linux server cookbook : a practical guide to installing, configuring, and administering the CentOS community-based enterprise server
Beginning programming for dummies
Sams' teach yourself Linux in 24 hours
Selinux : NSA's open source security enhanced Linux
Bash cookbook
Linux for beginners
Rhcsa/Rhce : Red Hat Linux certification study guide, (exams EX200 & EX300)
Red Hat Fedora 5 unleashed
SuSE Linux unleashed
Novell certified Linux engineer (Novell CLE) : study guide
Beginning Ubuntu Server administration : from novice to professional
Ubuntu made easy : a project-based introduction to Linux
Red Hat Linux 7.2 : weekend crash course
Linux programming : a beginner's guide
Linux undercover : Linux secrets as revealed by the Linux Documentation Project
Internet site security
Linux music & sound : how to install, configure, and use Linux audio software
Network+ : training guide
A beginner's guide to Gambas
Linux kernel programming : algorithms and structures of Version 2.4
The official Ubuntu server book
Programming from the ground up
Adapting base station operability software into Linux and symmetric multiprocessor architecture
Linux administration : a beginner's guide
Windmill monitoring using PHP
Linux bible 2010 edition : boot up to Ubuntu®, Fedora®, KNOPPIX, Debian®, openSUSE®, and 13 other distributions
Operating systems security : LINUX
Building clustered Linux systems
Linux : the ultimate beginner's guide!
Rebel code : Linux and the open source revolution
Linux distributions stubs : Sorcerer, Debian Gnu/hurd, Progeny Linux systems, Sme server, Slitaz Gnu/linux, Blankon, Fluxbuntu, Ubuntu Mobile, Tiny Core Linux, Berry Linux, Jolicloud, Kuki Linux, Baltix, Sabily, Turbolinux, Ultheo, Vine Linux, Topologilinux, Caixa Mágica, Trinity Rescue Kit, Ubuntu Jeos, Poseidon Linux
Official Ubuntu book
Raspberry Pi For Dummies
It is important to have alternatives in everyday life to have best of everything and this is also true while selecting operating system. Windows being only chargeable operating system and Microsoft ending support for Windows XP, many consumers are looking alternatives. This thesis evaluates Windows 7 and Linux Mint 13 functionalities from student point of view by conducting a case study. Case study consisted several tasks for operating systems user interface and programs. It was discovered that both operating systems were able to execute the desirable functions and were user friendly according to the test subject. Windows 7 is more likely to be consumers choice because its familiarity but for more money conscious consumer, Linux Mint is something to be considered.
CNA Laboratory Enrichment By Virtualization
Software packaging and release procedures for freenest
Build your own web server using Linux and Apache
Linux command line and shell scripting bible : comprehensive, tutorial resource
Installation and administration of Linux Cluster
Unix and Linux
Maemo : Hildon, Nokia, Smartphone, Internet Tablet, Operating system, Linux kernel, GNOME, Debian, Application framework, Software framework, Graphical user interface
Everyday Linux
Linux all-in-one for dummies
Linux shell scripting with Bash
TCP/IP architecture, design and implementation in Linux
Overview of the sheduling disciplines and their implementation in Linux OS
Moving to Linux : kiss the blue screen of death goodbye!
Linux wireless internet service provider
Fedora 11 and Red Hat Enterprise Linux bible
Python for Unix and Linux system administration
Different firewalling approaches in the Linux Kernel
Red Hat Linux system administration handbook
Quagga Test Network
Novell certified Linux professional (Novell CLP) : study guide
Best Linux 2000 operating system : user manual
Embedded system application on building digital picture frame
Linux in a nutshell
The Linux Bible : the GNU Testament
The official Ubuntu book
Linux : the ultimate step by step guide to quickly and easily learning Linux
Linux security
Linux command summary
Beginning Ubuntu LTS server administration : from novice to professional
Ubuntu unleashed
Essential PHP for Web professional
Getting started with Raspberry Pi
Abstract: The goal of project was to show that a working router could be developed using readily  available embedded devices and readily available software under the Linux operating system.  The project also brought two multi-disciplines together, which are networking and  embedded engineering. The project also tried to highlight the reusability of readily available  software that is on the Internet.  The project was carried out firstly by defining the functions a router does and which functions  are meant for industrial and small home routers: the additional services it needs to  offer more value to the user and later defining the software and drivers needed for all this  to be able to work properly. The additional software installed were Webmin for providing a  graphical user interface and a way of configuring the dreamplug, bird routing software for  handling the dynamic routing protocols. The other applications used were word editors for  editing the configuration files.  The functionality of the router was tested both through systematic troubleshooting of the  network files some of which, with any change made were fatal while others rendered the  dreamplug unresponsive. The router worked and some of the tools used were iperf,  netstat, ipconfig among those found in the Linux networking utilities. The results showed that the dreamplug can handle as much as necessary for a Small Office  Home Office type of ecosystem. The project also showed that there is more than openly available software to ensure proper running and routing of software.
Ubuntu Linux : 100 success secrets, tips, tricks, hints and hacks toolbox and practical guide
Enhancing security of Linux OS against administrators
Embedded Linux router
Beginning Ubuntu Linux : from novice to professional
Red Hat Fedora Linux 2 bible
Linux for dummies
Introduction to the Linux operating system and command line.
Linux for non-geeks : a hands-on, project-based, take-it-slow guidebook
Red Hat Linux
Windows to Linux migration toolkit
Learn Linux in a month of lunches
Linux all-in-one desk reference for dummies
The Linux book
Red Hat Linux Fedora 3 unleashed
Eleventh hour Linux+ : exam XKO-003 study guide
Networking : a beginner's guide
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5 administration : unleashed
OpenSUSE Linux : unleashed
Ubuntu Kung Fu : tips, tricks, hints and hacks
Raspberry Pi For Dummies, 2nd Edition is a comprehensive guide to this exciting technology, fully updated to align with the Rev 3 board. Veteran technology authors provide expert insight and guidance that get you up and running fast, allowing you to explore the full capabilities of your Raspberry Pi. The clear, concise style makes this guide easy to follow for complete beginners, providing step-by-step instruction throughout the setup process and into systems administration and programming. Updated information includes coverage of Noobs, PiStore and making music with SonicPi, in addition to basic Raspberry Pi operations and features. Raspberry Pi For Dummies, 2nd Edition teaches you everything you need to know to get the most out of your device. Even if you've never ventured beyond e-mail and web browsers, this guide will give you the skills and confidence you need to take advantage of everything the Raspberry Pi has to offer. •	Find out how to install the operating system and connect to other devices. •	Install, use and remove software like a pro. •	Learn basic Linux systems administration. •	Program with Scratch, Python and Minecraft on your Raspberry Pi.
Security aspects of system management in large-scale UNIX systems
Enterprise Linux at work : how to build 10 distributed applications for your ogranization
Linux appliance design : a hands-on guide to building Linux appliances
The definitive guide to SUSE Linux Enterprise server
Red Hat Linux 8 bible
Kernel projects for Linux
Learn Raspberry Pi 2 with Linux and Windows 10
Red Hat Linux 7.3 : Bible
Red Hat Linux 7 server
A guide to Ubuntu Linux covers such topics as installation, hardware components, the BASH shell, multimedia, office tasks, software instllation and removal, and data backup.
Tiivistelmä. Software packaging and release procedures for freenest.
Linux network servers
Linux in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference
Electronic Photo Frame
The definitive guide to Linux network programming
Linux in the Workplace : how to use Linux in your Office
Process network access control in Linux
Windows 7 and Linux Mint : evaluation of basic actions from student's perspective - case study
Linux operations and administration
Essential Linux administration : a comprehensive guide for beginners
Open source integration to mobile network
Linux Shell programming : multimedia cyber classroom
