http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7239 publishers
publishers
Publishers' international ISBN directory. 1994-95, 3 : Alphabetical index
The Angel's Game
Historical aspects of printing and publishing in languages of the Middle East : papers from the Third Symposium on the History of Printing and Publishing in the Languages and Countries of the Middle East, University of Leipzig, September 2008
On the writing of New Testament commentaries : festschrift for Grant R. Osborne on the occasion of his 70th birthday
Werner Söderström osakeyhtiön juhlaluettelo = Jubilee catalogue of Werner Söderström oy. [1], 1878-1953
Downhill all the way : an autobiography of the years 1919-1939
Mixed media : feminist presses and publishing politics
Everyman remembers
The Ascap biographical dictionary of composers, authors, and publishers
The publishing game
The golden age : narratives of empire : a novel
Information doesn't want to be free : laws for the Internet age
The Oxford history of popular print culture. 6, US popular print culture 1860-1920
Stormy weather
Leonard Woolf
Growing : an autobiography of the years 1904-1911
Copyright and the publishers
Bunny tales : behind closed doors at the Playboy mansion
Printed Matter catalog 1981
"This book takes us into the social networks of contemporary literary culture, examining how small-scale presses, writers, book distributors, and editors make new fiction-and make a living-in a mass market indifferent to all but a tiny slice of the literature produced today. McSweeney's, the small San Francisco-based press founded by Dave Eggers, is the book's central subject, but the story of that press serves also as portal to broader networks of contemporary literary production, a network that requires not one person-like the famous Eggers-but thousands. How does new writing emerge and find readers today? Why does one writer's work become famous while another's remains invisible? Making literature now tells the stories of the creators, editors, readers, and critics who make their living by making literature itself come alive. The book shows how various conditions--including gender, education, business dynamics, social networks, money, and the forces of literary tradition--affect the things we can choose, or refuse, to read. Amy Hungerford focuses her discussion on literary bestsellers as well as little-known traditional and digital literature from smaller presses, such as McSweeney's. She deftly matches the particular human stories of the makers with the impersonal structures through which literary reputation is made. Ranging from fine-grained ethnography to polemical argument, this book transforms our sense of how and why new literature appears--and disappears--in contemporary American culture"--
Printing for profit : the commercial publishers of Jianyang, Fujian (11th-17th centuries)
Books about books : a history and bibliography of Oak Knoll Press, 1978-2008
Around Europe : Publisher another way of traveling around Europe
Contemporary art in print : the publications of Charles Booth-Clibborn and his imprint The Paragon Press 2006-2010
Art books : reprints & scholarly publications
Publishers' international ISBN directory. 1994-95, 2 : Numerical ISBN section
Publishers' international ISBN directory : 22nd edition 1995/96. 2, Numerical ISBN section
Howl of the censor
Cultural research in Europe 1996
Publishers' international ISBN directory : 22nd edition 1995/96. 1, Geographical section
A century of book publishing 1848-1948
The storied life of A.J. Fikry
Dear genius : the letters of Ursula Nordstrom
People in publishing : developing the teams of the future
Werner Söderström osakeyhtiön juhlaluettelo 1878-1953 = Jubilee catalogue of Werner Söderström oy. 1878-1953
John Rodker's Ovid Press : a bibliographical history
The B side : the death of Tin Pan Alley and the rebirth of the Great American Song
European photography guide 5
The Brahms-Keller correspondence
Print culture and the Blackwood tradition, 1805-1930
European photography guide 6
Shakespeare and Company
History of Oxford University Press
The memoirs of a publisher
Structure of the Finnish book publishing industry and performance of firms, 1965-85
Framework for advertising inventory optimization for a Finnish online publisher
European photo galleries guide 1
DC comics year by year : a visual chronicle
The journey not the arrival matters : an autobiography of the years 1939 to 1969
Allen Klein : the man who bailed out The Beatles, made The Stones, and transformed rock & roll
Singing in the rain
Creating a system that monitors in real time the amount of newspaper coming into the mailrooms.
Scholars, poets & radicals : discovering forgotten lives in the Blackwell Collections
Electronic publishing : a new challenge for small and medium-sized publishers : training pilot project supported by the INFO 2000 programme
Firebrand : the life of Horace Liveright
Guidepost : Finnish children's literature : publishers and associations
Suomalaisten kirjailijain muotokuvia Werner Söderström osakeyhtiön veistoskokoelmasta = Finska författareporträtt i Werner Söderström osakeyhtiös skulptursamling = Portraits of Finnish authors in the collections of Werner Söderström osakeyhtiö
Chinese publishing : homeland of printing
Too much goodwill
Inside the Playboy mansion : if you don't swing, don't ring
The journey not the arrival : an autobiography of the years 1939-1969
Contemporary German prose in Britain and France (1980-1999) : a case study of the significance of otherness in translation
Publishers for mass entertainment in nineteenth century America
Publishers' international ISBN directory. 2, Geographical section I-T
Judging new wealth : popular publishing and responses to commerce in England, 1750-1800
Keep the aspidistra flying
"Publishing Samuel Beckett" is a groundbreaking collection of essays offering a critical examination of the publishing history of Samuel Beckett's work from his earliest short stories to his final plays of the 1980s. Edited by noted Beckett scholar Mark Nixon, the volume charts Beckett's own attitude towards the literary marketplace and the business of publishing, and his relationship with specific publishing houses, literary journals, and individual publishers. By drawing on significant archival material from his publishers, the essays examine how publishing houses and journal editors responded to Beckett and his work and how they chose to produce and market it, as well as how they dealt with censorship. "Publishing Samuel Beckett" is a unique look at the creation, reception, and dissemination of the work of one of the most significant and influential writers of the twentieth century.
The most dangerous book : the battle for James Joyce's Ulysses
Publishers' international ISBN directory. 4, Numerical ISBN section
European photography guide 3
Dutch printer's devices, 15th-17th century : a catalogue
E-serials : publishers, libraries, users, and standards
Two cultures
Focuses on the history of the Oxford University Press in India, from 1880 to 1947. This book looks not only at the period when OUP, or the Press, as it has always been known to its members, was in British India, but also traces the troubled path by which it came there.
The book on printing
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
The man who owns the news : inside the secret world of Rubert Murdoch
Publishers' international ISBN directory. 1997/98
Publishers' international ISBN directory : 22nd edition 1995/96. 3, Alphabetical index
USA photography guide
Memories of a misspent youth 1872-1896
Sowing : an autobiography of the years 1880-1904
Ross, the New Yorker, and me
A search for survival
Science fiction and fantasy writer's sourcebook
Beginning again : an autobiography of the years 1911-1918
The Other Publishers Catalogue : winter 1981-82
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Horace Liveright, publisher of the twenties
The letters of Sylvia Beach
Dominant firms, competitive fringe and entry : a case of book publishing industry
Books : a living history
Publishers' international ISBN directory. 2003-2004, 2 : Geographical section : R-Z
Another life : a memoir of other people
A publisher and his circle : the life and work of John Taylor, Keats's publisher
Elgar and his publishers : Letters of a creative life. Volume I 1885-1903
A search for the right papers
An autobiography. Volume 1, 1880-1911
Market research
The beauty of Belaieff : an annotated pictorial history of a 19th century Russian music publisher and his era
Valistuksen kotimainen eläinkuvasto = Valistus inhemska djurbilder = Finnische Tierbilder = Pictures of Finnish animals = Tableaux d' animaux Finlandais
The house of Knopf, 1915-1960 : a documentary volume
The publishing centres of the Greeks : from the Renaissance to the Neohellenic enlightenment : catalogue of exhibition
Publishers' international ISBN directory. 2003/2004, 1 : Geographical section : A-Q
Horace Walpole's Strawberry Hill Press, founded in 1757, is the most celebrated of the early English private presses. This title draws on a remarkable array of surviving images of the Printing House, many of them newly discovered and previously unstudied.
Flowers for the judge
The book as a work of art : the Cranach Press of Count Harry Kessler
Suomen kirjallisuus : vuosiluettelo = Finlands litteratur : årskatalog = The Finnish national bibliography : annual volume. 1994, Aakkosellinen osa = Alfabetisk avdelning = Alphabetical section
Publishers' international ISBN directory. 1, Geographical section A-H
The forest for the trees : an editor's advice to writers
Creating postcolonial literature : African writers and British publishers
a Presents a history of Golden Books, discussing how it was founded in the mist of World War II providing quality books at inexpensive prices and used innovative writers and marketing techniques to establish itself as a highly successful publishing firm.
Forms and meanings : texts, performances, and audiences from codex to computer
The Art of literary publishing : editors on their craft
Literary publishing in the twenty-first century
The Strawberry Hill Press & its printing house : an account and an iconography
Publishers' international ISBN directory. 1994-95, 1 : Geographical section
Publishers' international ISBN directory. 3, Geographical section U-Z
Biblion : a Russian publishing house in Finland
Publishers' international directory with ISBN index
Vir librorum : kirjoituksia Heikki A. Reenpään kunniaksi 14.5.1992 = hyllningsskrift tillägnad Heikki A. Reenpää 14.5.1992 = écrits en hommage à Heikki A. Reenpää 14.5.1992 = essays and other writings in honour of Heikki A. Reenpää 14.5.1992 = Texte und Schriften zu Ehren von Heikki A. Reenpää 14.5.1992 = met dank opgedraagen aan de heer professor Heikki A. Reenpää 14.5.1992
Charles Dickens's Our mutual friend : a publishing history
Finland's new international record company : Ondine
"Gutenberg's invention of movable type in the fifteenth century introduced an era of mass communication that permanently altered the structure of society. While publishing has been buffeted by persistent upheaval and transformation ever since, the current combination of technological developments, market pressures, and changing reading habits has led to an unprecedented paradigm shift in the world of books. Bringing together a wide range of perspectives - industry veterans and provocateurs, writers, editors, and digital mavericks - this invaluable collection reflects on the current situation of literary publishing, and provides a road map for the shifting geography of its future: How do editors and publishers adapt to this rapidly changing world? How are vibrant public communities in the Digital Age created and engaged? How can an industry traditionally dominated by white men become more diverse and inclusive? Mindful of the stakes of the ongoing transformation, Literary Publishing in the 21st Century goes beyond the usual discussion of 'print vs. digital' to uncover the complex, contradictory, and increasingly vibrant personalities that will define the future of the book"--
Publishing Samuel Beckett
A few reasonable words : selected writings
International academic and specialist publishers directory
European specialist publishers directory
Family business: Otava 1890-1990
Newspaper management in the new multimedia age
The grand chorus of complaint : authors and the business ethics of American publishing
Wired : a romance
Being and nothingness : Vilho Viksten publisher
Empires of the mind : a history of Oxford University Press in India under the Raj
Memories of self-censorship
The thieves of Manhattan
Tin Pan Alley : The composers, the songs, the performers and their times : The Golden ate of American Popular Music from 1886 to 1956
The stationers' voice : the English almanac trade in the early eighteenth century
J. S. Bach, the Breitkopfs, and eighteenth-century music trade
Publishers' international ISBN directory
Guidepost : some facts about children's literature in Finland
Theirs was the kingdom : Lila and DeWitt Wallace and the story of the Reader's digest
The house of Boni & Liveright, 1917-1933 : a documentary volume
The Swedish BIS and Finnish music
From little acorns : Olli Arrakoski, managing director of the publishing house Tammi
Thirty specially written essays, by scholars from a wide range of disciplines, explore a cornucopia of US popular print materials from 1860 to 1920, the period when mass culture exploded into the everyday lives of large swathes of the population.
Buying books : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Mary Swann
Golden legacy : the story of Golden Books
Making literature now
Victor Gollancz : a biography
Selected writings
Finnish records : jazz
Publishers' international ISBN directory. 2003-2004, 3 : Numerical ISBN section
Publishing in the U. S. S. R.
The man who owns the news : inside the secret world of Rupert Murdoch
Portraits and reviews
