http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7235 military offences
military offences
Mission at Nuremberg : an American army chaplain and the trial of the Nazis
The passion of Bradley Manning
Les forces armées dans une société en mutation quelques problémes juridiques : dixiéme congrés international Garmisch-Prtenkirchen (BRD) 2-7 Octobre 1985 = The armed forces in a changing society : some legal problemes : tenth international congress Garmisch-Partenkirchen (BRD) 2-7 October 1985.
Morality, crime and social control in Europe 1500-1900
Never go back
The royalist
The affair
Soldiers of fortune in Bosnia - the Casagrande incident
Harry Brown
Warrior's dishonour : barbarity, morality and torture in modern warfare
Okinawa and the U.S. military : identity making in the Age of Globalization
How do you convince men to charge across heavily mined beaches into deadly machine-gun fire? If you're the US Army in 1944, one of your approaches is dangling the lure of beautiful French women, ready to reward their liberators in oh so many ways. Roberts tells the troubling story of how the US military command exploited the myth of French women as sexually experienced and available. The resulting sexual predation, and the blithe response of the American military leadership, caused serious friction between the two nations just as they were attempting to settle questions of long-term control over the liberated territories and the restoration of French sovereignty.
What soldiers do : sex and the American GI in World War II France
The sheriff of Babylon. Volume 1, Bang, Bang, Bang
In the valley of Elah
This book offers a contribution to current debates on child labor. It also presents child labor as a problem to which various branches of international law have made a response. It treats a broad range of international law sub-disciplines, and analyses child labor in the context of social, economic and cultural issues.
Hitler's soldiers : the German army in the Third Reich
Redacted
On killing : the psychological cost of learning to kill in war and society
Abstract : Morality, crime and social control in Europe 1500-1900.
Child soldiers in international law
Criminal responsibility of political and military leaders for genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes : with special reference to the Rome Statute and the Statute and Case Law of Ad Hoc Tribunals
Birds of prey
Military crisis management in the European Union
We steal secrets : the story of Wikileaks
n the summer of 1935, 13-year-old Briony Tallis wildly misinterprets the relationship between her sister Cecilia and Robbie Turner, childhood friends home from Cambridge. So when her young cousin is assaulted, Briony gives in to her hyperactive imagination and blames the atrocity on Robbie. It is a terrible decision that alters lives and fills Briony with an everlasting sense of guilt / WorldCat.
Collective violence and international criminal justice : an interdisciplinary approach
The American legal system : the administration of justice in the United States by judicial, administrative, military, and arbitral tribunals
Protection of child soldiers in their recruitment into armed forces under international law and national law : Estonia's legal steps towards the ratification of the optional protocol to the convention on the rights of the child on the involvement of children in armed conflict
Worth dying for
The visitor
Article 38 : children in armed conflicts
Death in a strange country
For decades after 1945, it was generally believed that the German army, professional and morally decent, had largely stood apart from the SS, Gestapo, and other corps of the Nazi machine. Ben Shepherd draws on a wealth of primary sources and recent scholarship to convey a much darker, more complex picture. For the first time, the German army is examined throughout the Second World War, across all combat theaters and occupied regions, and from multiple perspectives: its battle performance, social composition, relationship with the Nazi state, and involvement in war crimes and military occupation. This was a true people's army, drawn from across German society and reflecting that society as it existed under the Nazis. Without the army and its conquests abroad, Shepherd explains, the Nazi regime could not have perpetrated its crimes against Jews, prisoners of war, and civilians in occupied countries. The author examines how the army was complicit in these crimes and why some soldiers, units, and higher commands were more complicit than others. Shepherd also reveals the reasons for the army's early battlefield successes and its mounting defeats up to 1945, the latter due not only to Allied superiority and Hitler's mismanagement as commander-in-chief, but also to the failings--moral, political, economic, strategic, and operational--of the army's own leadership.
From the female soldiers involved in Abu Ghraib to Palestinian women suicide bombers, women and their bodies have become powerful weapons in the Afghanistan and Iraq wars. In Women as Weapons of War, Kelly Oliver reveals how the media and the administration frequently use metaphors of weaponry to describe women and female sexuality and forge a deliberate link between notions of vulnerability and images of violence. Focusing specifically on the U.S. campaigns in Afghanistan and Iraq, Oliver analyzes contemporary discourse surrounding women, sex, and gender and the use of women to justify America's decision to go to war. For example, the administration's call to liberate "women of cover," suggesting a woman's right to bare arms is a sign of freedom and progress. Oliver also considers what forms of cultural meaning, or lack of meaning, could cause both the guiltlessness demonstrated by female soldiers at Abu Ghraib and the profound commitment to death made by suicide bombers. She examines the pleasure taken in violence and the passion for death exhibited by these women and what kind of contexts created them. In conclusion, Oliver diagnoses our cultural fascination with sex, violence, and death and its relationship with live news coverage and embedded reporting, which naturalizes horrific events and stymies critical reflection. This process, she argues, further compromises the borders between fantasy and reality, fueling a kind of paranoid patriotism that results in extreme forms of violence.
Dedovshchina in the post-Soviet military : hazing of Russian Army conscripts in a comparative perspective
This is the gripping story of the American army chaplain sent to save the souls of the Nazis incarcerated at Nuremberg. Lutheran minister Henry Gerecke was fifty years old when he enlisted as an army chaplain during World War II. As two of his three sons faced danger and death on the battlefield, he tended to the battered bodies and souls of wounded and dying GIs outside London. But at the close of the European theater, with Hitler defeated and scores of American troops returning home to resume their lives, he received his most challenging assignment: he was sent to Nuremberg to minister to the twenty-one imprisoned Nazi leaders awaiting trial for crimes against humanity. This work unearths groundbreaking new research and compelling firsthand accounts to take us deep inside the Nuremberg Palace of Justice, into the very cells of the accused and the courtroom where they answered to the world for their crimes. Never before in modern history had man accomplished mass slaughter with such precision. These twenty-one Nazis had sat at the right hand of Adolf Hitler; Hermann Goering, Albert Speer, Wilhelm Keitel, Hans Frank, and Ernst Kaltenbrunner were the orchestrators, and in some cases the direct perpetrators, of the most methodical genocide in history. As the drama leading to the court's final judgments unfolds, the author brings Henry Gerecke's impossible moral quandary to life: How, having risked his own life (and those of his sons) to eliminate the Nazi threat, could he now win the confidence of these men? In the months after the war ended, Gerecke had visited Dachau. He had touched the walls of the camp's crematorium. He had seen the consequences of the choices these men had made, the orders they had given and carried out. As he worked to form compassionate relationships with them, how could he preach the gospel of mercy, knowing full well the devastating nature of the atrocities they had committed? And as the day came nearer when he had to escort these men to the gallows, what comfort could he offer and what promises of salvation could he make "to evil itself" Detailed, harrowing, and emotionally charged, this is an incisive history of the Nuremberg trials as well as a nuanced reflection on the nature of morality and sin, the price of empathy, and the limits of forgiveness.
Port mortuary
Alleged investigation : the failure of investigations into offenses committed by IDF soldiers against Palestinians
Never go back : a Jack Reacher novel
The enemy
61 Hours
The role of international law in the elimination of child labor
Women as weapons of war : Iraq, sex, and the media
Criminal jurisdiction over visiting armed forces
For the sake of example : capital courts-martial 1914-20
Aboke girls : children abducted in northern Uganda
The escape
The SS : a new history
Karl Doenitz and the last days of the third reich
The criminal responsibility of senior political and military leaders as principals to international crimes
The secret of magic
An intimate history of killing : face-to-face killing in twentieth century warfare
The war crime of child soldier recruitment
Obeying orders : atrocity, military discipline & the law of war
Soldaten : on fighting, killing, and dying : the secret World War II tapes of German POWs
An axiom of military law : applicability of national criminal law to military personnel and associated civilians abroad
One shot
Sergeant Amy Callan and Lieutenant Caroline Cook have a lot in common. They're both army career women, they're both victims of sexual harrassment by their superiors, they're both forced to resign from the service. And now they're both dead. Only Jack Reacher can discover their killer.
In a dry season : an inspector Banks mystery
The use of arms by a superior against a subordinate soldier in the Finnish army during the Second World War
The conduct of hostilities under the law of international armed conflict
International law and child soldiers: children in armed conflicts
The right to refuse military orders
The spring of Kasper Meier
