http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7241 art forgeries
art forgeries
The expert versus the object : judging fakes and false attributions in the visual arts
Forged : why fakes are the great art of our age
The art of forgery : the minds, motives and methods of master forgers
Playing with fire : an inspector Banks mystery
The fatal touch : an Alec Blume novel
The Art Forger : a novel
Artquakes and Vincent van Gogh
Why fakes matter : essays on problems of authenticity
The careful use of compliments
The culture of the copy : striking likenesses, unreasonable facsimiles
Sidney Chambers and the shadow of death
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 1
Art forgery : the history of a modern obsession
Authentication in the visual arts : a multi-disciplinary symposium, Amsterdam, 12th March 1977
Theft : a love story
I was Vermeer : the forger who swindled the Nazis / Frank Wynne
Dürer : through other eyes : his graphic work mirrored in copies and forgeries of three centuries : an exhibition prepared by students in the Williams College-Clark Art Institute graduate program in art history, March 14 to June 15, 1975
Van Meegeren's faked Vermeers and De Hooghs : a scientific examination / P. B. Coremans
The forger's art : forgery and the philosophy of art
The antiques magpie : a compendium of absorbing history, stories and facts from the world of antiques
Arguing about art : contemporary philosophical debates / edited by Alex Neill and Aaron Ridley
The science of paintings
Fake? : the art of deception / edited by Mark Jones with Paul Craddock and Nicolas Barker
Masterpiece of deception : an art mystery / by Judy Lester
The forger's spell : a true story of Vermeer, nazis, and the greatest art hoax of the twentieth century
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 2
The art forger's handbook / Eric Hebborn
Faking it : art and the politics of forgery / Ian Haywood
Authenticicty in art : the scientific detection of forgery
I was Vermeer : the legend of the forger who swindled the Nazis
I was Vermeer : the legend of the forger who swindled the nazis
The collector's cabinet : tales, facts & fictions from the world of antiques
DCI Banks: playing with fire
Turner's painting techniques in context 1995
Antique Trader guide to fakes & reproductions : authentic or fake? : can yoy make the right choice?
Art forgeries : IIC Nordic Group 16th congress, 4 - 7th June 2003, Reykjavik, Iceland : Preprints
Genuine or fake? (Forgeries of paintings by Albert Edelfelt) = Äkta eller falska?
Sidney chambers and the shadow of death
The Dali scandal : an investigation
Forgery, replica, fiction : temporalities of German Renaissance art
False impressions : the hunt for big-time art fakes
Forging authenticity : Bastianini and the Neo-Renaissance in nineteenth-century Florence
The art of the forger
Ripley under ground
Dunhuang manuscript forgeries / edited by Susan Whitfield
Scientific investigation of copies, fakes and forgeries
Arguing about art : contemporary philosophical debates
The art of the steal
Chatterton
Inganno - the art of deception : imitation, reception, and deceit in early modern art
Van Meegeren's Vermeers : the connoisseur's eye and the forger's art / Friso Lammertse ... [et. al]
The art forger's handbook
The fake : forgery and its place in art / Sándor Radnóti ; translated by Ervin Dunai
Forged explores art forgery from ancient times to the present. In chapters combining lively biography with insightful art criticism, Jonathon Keats profiles individual art forgers and connects their stories to broader themes about the role of forgeries in society. From the Renaissance master Andrea del Sarto who faked a Raphael masterpiece at the request of his Medici patrons, to the Vermeer counterfeiter Han van Meegeren who duped the avaricious Hermann Goring, to the frustrated British artist Eric Hebborn, who began forging to expose the ignorance of experts, art forgers have challenged "legitimate" art in their own time, breaching accepted practices and upsetting the status quo. They have also provocatively confronted many of the present-day cultural anxieties that are major themes in the arts. Keats uncovers what forgeries--and our reactions to them--reveal about changing conceptions of creativity, identity, authorship, integrity, authenticity, success, and how we assign value to works of art. The book concludes by looking at how artists today have appropriated many aspects of forgery through such practices as street-art stenciling and share-and-share-alike licensing, and how these open-source "copyleft" strategies have the potential to make legitimate art meaningful again.
Genuine and false : copies, imitations, forgeries / Hans Tietze
The commissar vanishes : the falsification of photographs and art in Stalin's Russia
Fakes : forgery and the art world / Alice Beckett
Explores the prevalence of art forgery in the Middle Ages, when the issue of false relics and miracles often arose. This title examines the work and attitude of modern master forgers including Eric Hebborn, Thomas Keating and Han van Meegeren, whose productions baffled the art world during their time.
The eye of the connoisseur : authenticating paintings by Rembrandt and his contemporaries / Anna Tummers
The complete geisha
The art forger : a novel
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 3
Fake ? the art of deception
Fakes : forgery and the art world
