http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7240 publishers
publishers
The Chicago manual of style
Pope, print, and meaning
Print and power in France and England, 1500-1800
Start your own self-publishing business : your step-by-step guide to success
ECPRD : Electoral systems in Europe : an overview
From the early sixteenth century through to the later seventeenth, governments, institutions, and individuals learned to use cheaply-produced printed texts to inform, entertain, and persuade. This authoritative collection of essays examines the developing role of popular printed texts in the first two centuries of print in Britain and Ireland.
On the writing of New Testament commentaries : festschrift for Grant R. Osborne on the occasion of his 70th birthday
Paris : a musical gazetteer
Bookscape : geographies of printing and publishing in London before 1800
Publishing women : salons, the presses, and the Counter-Reformation in sixteenth-century Italy
Research reports
The most disreputable trade : publishing the classics of English poetry, 1765-1810
The chief : the life of William Randolph Hearst
Making people's music : Moe Asch and Folkways Records
Books : a living history
The international who's who of authors and writers
The Oxford history of popular print culture. 1, Cheap print in Britain and Ireland to 1660
Empires of the mind : a history of Oxford University Press in India under the Raj
Shakespeare for the people : working-class readers, 1800-1900
The game makers : the story of Parker Brothers from Tiddledy Winks to Trivial Pursuit
Summary.
The content machine : towards a theory of publishing from the printing press to the digital network
Brings to life women's cultural and intellectual leadership in early modern Italy, illuminating the significance of their sudden dominance. Focusing on the collective publication process, this work portrays communities in Italy, where women engaged in activities that ranged from establishing literary salons to promoting religious reform.
The Edinburgh history of the book in Scotland. Vol. 3, Ambition and industry, 1800-80
The book on the floor : André Malraux and the imaginary museum
Intruders on the rights of men : women's unpublished heritage
Authorial and editorial voices in translation. 2. Editorial and publishing practices
The way it wasn't : from the files of James Laughlin
Guidepost : Finnish children's literature : publishers and associations
G. W. M. Reynolds : nineteenth-century fiction, politics, and the press
Guidepost : some facts about children's literature in Finland
Drawing on various types of book listing, this study explores the market for books in early modern Norway. Book ownership by different elements of Norwegian society is addressed alongside changes in patterns of book distribution.
2015 artist's & graphic designer's market : how to sell your art and make a living
From nationalism to liberalism : a brief history of Finnish publishing
The tender hour of twilight : Paris in the '50s, New York in the '60s : a memoir of publishing's golden age
Anne Golaz on photobooks and narratives
The Edinburgh history of the book in Scotland. Vol. 4, Professionalism aand diversity, 1880-2000
How books came to America : the rise of the American book trade
Obelisk : a history of Jack Kahane and the Obelisk Press
My criminal world
Managing acquisitions in library and information services
The Edinburgh history of the book in Scotland. Vol. 2, Enlightenment and expansion, 1707-1800
Books in early modern Norway
Classical books : scholarship and publishing in Britain since 1800
Traces the development of the American book trade from the colonial era through the twentieth century. Explores the technological, historical, cultural, political, and personal forces that shaped the trade, paying particular attention to the contributions of the German bookseller Frederick Leypoldt and his journal Publishers Weekly.
How to do things with books in Victorian Britain
Publishing policies and family strategies : the fortunes of a Dutch publishing house in the 18th and early 19th centuries
Focuses on the history of the Oxford University Press in India, from 1880 to 1947. This book looks not only at the period when OUP, or the Press, as it has always been known to its members, was in British India, but also traces the troubled path by which it came there.
The rough guide to manga : [the stories, the animators, the creators]
Building an electronic resource collection : a practical guide
From the first scribbling on papyrus to the emergence of the e-book, this wide-ranging overview of the history of the book provides a fascinating look at one of the most efficient, versatile, and enduring technologies ever developed.
The Art of literary publishing : editors on their craft
Print, text and book cultures in South Africa
"Collecting stamps would have been more fun" : Canadian publishing and the correspondence of Sinclair Ross, 1933-1986
A world of letters : Yale University Press, 1908-2008
Old books, new technologies : the representation, conservation and transformation of books since 1700
Women and literature in the Goethe era, 1770-1820 : determined dilettantes
Publisher to the decadents : Leonard Smithers in the careers of Beardsley, Wilde, Dowson
