http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7243 oil spill prevention and response
oil spill prevention and response
Bioremediation : applied microbial solutions for real-world environmental cleanup
Tanker safety : worth redusing the risk of accidents
Skimmers are known to be one of the most efficient tool that are normally employed in effective oil clean-up and recovery operation as well as during treatment of waste water before a final discharge into the environment.  There are lots of factors that determine the recovery rates of most skimmers especially when certain oil types are involved. In this piece, I will be writing about the use of skimmers, how it works, how the specification and design of skimmers enhances its oil recovery abilities and its general advantage over host of other equipments. My source of writing will be solely based on scientific journals, textbooks, articles and internet sources which deal indepthly with the topic in question.
Oil spill dispersants : risk assessment for Swedish waters
The control of oil pollution
The control of insect pests in oil seed rape : deltamethrin file
Environmental ecology : the impacts of pollution and other stresses on ecosystem structure and function
Ports and maritime environment in the Gulf of Finland : seminar report : 20-22 September 1999, Hanasaari Culture Centre, espoo, Finland
Energy security and transportation risks in the Baltic Sea region
Buoy tender Seili for oil-dispersal duties in the Gulf of Finland
Handbook of weed management systems
Ports and maritime environment in the Gulf of Finland : seminar report : 20-22 September 1999, Hanasaari Culture Centre, Espoo, Finland
Guideline for Oil Spill Response in fast currents
ILS : specialised expertise for many different conditions
Sorbents : properties, materials and applications
Handbook of oil spill science and technology
Regulation of tanker oil spills
Management of and responsibilities for oil spills from vessels in the Gulf of Finland
Pollution from the carriage of oil by sea : liability and compensation
Finland's Programme for the Protection of the Baltic Sea, the Finnish Government's decision-in-principle
The basics of oil spill cleanup
Action Plan for the Protection of the Baltic Sea and Inland Watercourses
The impact of the use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation of spring oilseed crops in Finland in 2013-2015 : final report
More reception facilities badly needed
Abstract: Response actions during major marine oil accidents : organizing and managing the response and communication.
St. Petersburg Oil Recovery Training Centre "SPORT" : feasibility study
Biological effects of chemical treatment of oil-spills at sea
Biocontrol-based integrated management of oilseed rape pests
Oil spills in sea ice past, present and future: a timely advanced study workshop
Brassica oilseeds : production and utilization
Marine pollution : diagnosis and therapy
Cross-border risks in the Baltic Sea region : lessons to be learned
Manual on oil pollution. Section 3, Salvage
A survey of weeds in spring-sown oilseed crops (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera and Brassica napus ssp. oleifera) was conducted in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009, representing the first such extensive investigation in the country. The occurrence of the most abundant weed species in oilseeds was surveyed in 429 fields. In the fields with moderate or high weed infestation, 1-6 harmful weed species were recorded by visual observation according to their biomass production. About 40 weed species were recorded, the most predominant being Chenopodium album, Galeopsis spp., Galium spurium, Sonchus arvensis and Tripleurospermum inodorum. Elymus repens was the only major grass weed. Chemical weed control of broad-leaved weeds had been practised in 53% of the fields, resulting in relatively good control. In addition, both selective graminicides and glyphosate were used to control E. repens. Mechanical weed control was not practised in any field. The crop yield level was about 300 kg ha-1 higher in the fields with low weed infestation compared with in the highly infested fields. New promising options to replace the banned herbicide trifluralin are available. Thus, the most harmful weeds, such as C. album, which interferes with the production of high-quality oil for human consumption, can still be effectively controlled.
The main weed species and their control in oilseed crops in Finland
Biochemical effects of crude oil on the common mussel Mytilus edulis
Environmental ecology : the ecological effects of pollution, disturbance and other stresses
Abstract.
Preventing oil disasters in advance
Application of advanced geospatial computation and technology to model and manage coastal environments
Oil transportation and terminal development in the Gulf of Finland
Arctic oil and gas 2007
Impact of use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation on spring oilseed crops in Finland : interim report
Valuing oil spill prevention : a case study of California's Central Coast
Plant essential oils as plant protectants and growth activators
The state of the arctic environment : reports
Enhanced oil recovery methods from oily waters and swamps by the use of skimmers
Biocontrol of oilseed rape pests
Finnish environmental legislation
Grounding consequences analysis
Oil Tanker safety project minimises the risk of an oil spill
Proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Postharvest Science : Jerusalem, Israel, 26-31 March, 2000
The dry-line method in bast fibre production
Willingness to pay for improvements in the oil spill response capacity in the Gulf of Finland : an application of the contingent valuation method
Applicability of crude tall oil for wood protection
Biological control of oilseed rape pests with entomopathogenic nematodes
Finnish offshore construction : a global resource expecting an upturn
Coping with complexity in Baltic Sea risk governance : special issue
The effect of diesel and its removal on the population dynamics of the bacteria in the Baltic Sea
Hydrocarbon contaminated soils. Vol. 4, Perspectives, analysis, human health and risk assessment, remediation
