http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7246 sign languages (general)
sign languages (general)
Sieraad symbool signaal = The jewel - sign and symbol
A guide to remembering Japanese characters
You have a point there : a guide to punctuation and its allies
Do you see what I mean? : Plains Indian sign talk and the embodiment of action
Biaozhun hanyu jiaocheng = Standard Chinese course. [1:2], Shangce (er)
Introductory Chinese : Chinese character workbook = Putong hanyu jiaocheng : hanzi lianxi ben
The Illustrated encyclopedia of signs & symbols
Music notation as objects : an object-oriented analysis of the common western music notation system
Human action signs in cultural context : the visible and the invisible in movement and dance
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
Deaf children in communication : a study of communicative strategies used by deaf children in social interactions
Original signs : gesture, sign, and the sources of language
Nobel universal graphical language
The Chinese language : fact and fantasy
The Indian sign language
Space in danish sign language : the semantics and morphosyntax of the use of space in a visual language
The semiotic grounds of animal assistance : sign use of guide dogs and their visually impaired handlers
New approaches to interpreter education
The radicals of the Chinese script : traditional - and new. A teaching aid
The Kodansha Kanji learners course : a step-by-step guide to mastering 2300 characters
Xitong xue hanzi keben, zhong ji ben = Chinese characters a systematic approach
Clinical sociolinguistics
A business trip to China : conversation & application. I, Textbook = Jichu shangwu hanyu : huihua yu yingyong. [1] Shang
Ways of communicating : the Darwin College lectures
Xitong xue hanzi lianxi ce, zhong ji ben = Chinese characters a systematic approach
Mimesis, sign, and the evolution of language
Hanyu gaoji jiaocheng. di 2 ce = Advanced Chinese course. Part 2
Sign language and language acquisition in man and ape : new dimensions in comparative pedolinguistics
Hanzi Zhonghua = A Canon of Chinese characters
The directory of signs & signals : a guide to signs, codes and signals from across the world
HSK : Biaozhun jiaocheng. 2, lianxice = Standard Course. 2, workbook
The sociolinguistics of sign languages
What the hands reveal about the brain
Sign levels : language and its evolutionary antecedents
Signs, symbols and icons : pre-history to the computer age
Biaozhun hanyu jiaocheng = Standard Chinese course. [2:2], Xiace (er)
The hands are the head of the mouth : the mouth as articulator in sign languages
Towards an integrative information society : studies on individuality in speech and sign
Aboriginal sign languages of the Americas and Australia. Volume 2, The Americas and Australia
How to identify Chinese characters = Hanzi ruhe bianren
Noodle words : an introduction to Chinese and Japanese characters
Fourth International Symposium on Sign Language Research Lappeenranta, Finland, July 15-19, 1987 : advance Programme
Chinese characters easily confused
Basic Chinese-Korean character dictionary
The Japanese stage-step course : writing practise e-book
From sign to singing : iconicity in language and literature 3
Handbook of pictoral symbols : 3.250 examples from international sources
Sign language : study of deaf people and their language
Symbols and their meanings
1001 symbols : the illustrated key to the world of symbols
Manual communication : fingerspelling and the language of signs. A course of study outline for instructors
The Most common Chinese radicals = Xinbian jichu hanyu : New approaches to learning Chinese = Changyong hanzi bushou xiezi bian
Biaozhun hanyu jiaocheng = Standard Chinese course. [2:1], Xiace (yi)
Standard Kanji : an easy method to learn the 1850 Chinese-Japanese characters prescribed by the Ministry of education of Japan for use in newspapers and magazines with six thousand compound character-words used in everyday literature and an additional list of ninety-two characters used in writing personal names = Tōyō kanji shū
Tracing the roots of Chinese characters: 500 cases = [Hanzi yanbian wubai li]
Papers from the eighteenth Finnish Conference of Linguistics
Punctuation for now
Sign language and linguistic universals
Analysis of Chinese characters
Indian signals and sign language
Manual communication : fingerspelling and the language of signs. A course of study outline for students
The gestural origin of language
Chinese calligraphy ; from pictograph to ideogram : the history of 214 essential Chinese/Japanese characters
Unicode explained
Chineasy : the world of Chinese characters : eveyday
Introduction to symbolic and augmentative communication
Evolutionary illustration of Chinese characters
HSK : Biaozhun jiaocheng. 3, Lianxice = Standard Course. 3, Workbook
Language, gesture, and space
A linguistic study of the formation of Chinese characters
Learn to write Chinese characters
Grammar, gesture, and meaning in American Sign Language
Hanyu gaoji jiaocheng. di 1 ce = Advanced Chinese course. Part 1
Aboriginal sign languages of the Americas and Australia. 2
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
Writing and literacy in Chinese, Korean and Japanese
Signs & symbols : an illustrated guide to their meaning and origins
Safari punctuation : A pleasant and educational trip through punctuation country
HSK : Biaozhun jiaocheng. 4 shang = HSK Standard Course. 4 shang
Biaozhun hanyu jiaocheng = Standard Chinese course. [1:3], Shangce (san)
A business trip to China : Conversation & Application. II, Textbook = Jichu shangwu hanyu : Huihua yu yingyong xia
The study of language
