http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p724 operating systems
operating systems
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
Developing Android applications with Flex 4.5
Windows 8.1 for seniors
Windows 7 bible
How to cheat at designing a Windows Server 2003 Active Directory infrastructure
Proceedings of the 18th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 21-24, 2001, Lake Louise (CA)
NMR- Laboratory, introduction with a Time Lapse and Tilt-shift video
Managing a project : Scancomings Tourplan project
Windows 7 visual : Quick tips
Pogue's basics : essential tips and shortcuts (that no one bothers to tell you) for simplifying the technology in your life
Training guide : administering Windows server 2012
Windows 10 step by step
Sams teach yourself Red Hat Linux 9 in 24 hours
Linux and Unix shell programming
Integrating and Transferring Legacy code to .NET / MONO Environment on Multiple Platforms.
Mac os x for photographers : optimized image workflow for the mac user
Principles of operating systems
Android 6 for programmers : an app-driven approach
The Linux bible : the GNU testament
The UNIX command reference guide
Abstract.
Undocumented DOS : a programmer's guide to reserved MS-DOS functions and data structures
My iPhoto
Inside Microsoft Windows 2000
Learning the Unix operating system
Linux programming unleashed
Simulation and optimization user interface : a flex application
Linux unleashed
Teach yourself visually Windows 8
Human aspects of software engineering
Operating systems in depth
Android as a platform for database application development case : Winha mobile
Windows 7 for seniors for dummies
Microsoft Windows 8
Linux+ 2005 in depth
Mac at work
Red Hat Fedora 5 unleashed
Linux for beginners
Dogfight : how Apple and Google went to war and started a revolution
Masquerader detection in mobile context based on behaviour and environment monitoring
Fundamentals of operating systems
DOS 5 user's guide : a comprehensive guide for every PC user
HTML5 as a cross platform technology for the mobile application development
Ubuntu made easy : a project-based introduction to Linux
Windows 8.1 simplified
Windows 10 in depth
Linux programming : a beginner's guide
Information architecture for information professionals
Learning the UNIX operating system
Development of an Interactive 3-D Virtual Environment Test Bed For Motorbikes
Packs six minibooks in one full-color guide: iPad Basics, Just for Fun, iPad on the Go, Getting Productive with iWork, Using iPad to Get Organized, and Must-Have iPad Apps. Covers the newest iPad features, functions, and capabilities, including the stunning retina display, voice dictation, the enhanced iSight camera, HD video recording in full 1080p.
UNIX in a Nutshell : a desktop quick reference
The PC graphics handbook
Evaluation of web-based implementation for O&M functionality in mobile core network
Windows 8 for dummies : quick reference
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
Windows 8.1 all-in-one for dummies
Designing connected products : UX for the consumer internet of things
Task migration on top of the Mach Microkernel : -design and implementation-
Developing a Remote Maintenance system
Peter Norton's DOS 6 guide
Prognostics for industrial machinery availability : final seminar Espoo 12.12.2006
Hacking for dummies
Deploying freenest portable project platform to an openstack based cloud platform
Windows 7 all-in-one for dummies
Android application development all-in-one for dummies
Linux bible 2010 edition : boot up to Ubuntu®, Fedora®, KNOPPIX, Debian®, openSUSE®, and 13 other distributions
Pages, keynote & numbers for OS X and iOS
The UNIX-haters handbook : [the best of the UNIX-haters on-line mailing list reveals why UNIX must die!]
Professional Xcode® 3
The elements of user interface design
Sun Certified System Administrator for Solaris 8 study guide
Windows 8 simplified
The Linux kernel book
iPad for dummies
Linux distributions stubs : Sorcerer, Debian Gnu/hurd, Progeny Linux systems, Sme server, Slitaz Gnu/linux, Blankon, Fluxbuntu, Ubuntu Mobile, Tiny Core Linux, Berry Linux, Jolicloud, Kuki Linux, Baltix, Sabily, Turbolinux, Ultheo, Vine Linux, Topologilinux, Caixa Mágica, Trinity Rescue Kit, Ubuntu Jeos, Poseidon Linux
Raspberry Pi For Dummies
It is important to have alternatives in everyday life to have best of everything and this is also true while selecting operating system. Windows being only chargeable operating system and Microsoft ending support for Windows XP, many consumers are looking alternatives. This thesis evaluates Windows 7 and Linux Mint 13 functionalities from student point of view by conducting a case study. Case study consisted several tasks for operating systems user interface and programs. It was discovered that both operating systems were able to execute the desirable functions and were user friendly according to the test subject. Windows 7 is more likely to be consumers choice because its familiarity but for more money conscious consumer, Linux Mint is something to be considered.
Software packaging and release procedures for freenest
CNA Laboratory Enrichment By Virtualization
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
ShareBox: an Android-based multi-user and multi-device file syncing application
Windows NT registry : Troubleshooting
Macworld : e-lehti
Cross platform application development with HTML5 for iOS and Android operating systems
Role of service and data reuse in enterprises
Operating system principles
Windows 8 visual quick tips
Everyday Linux
Developing Linux applications with GTK+ and GDK
Linux all-in-one for dummies
VAMK Android Application
Microsoft Windows 10 made easy
Windows 7 visual quick tips
Windows phone 7 programming for Android and iOS developers
Model component reuse : conceptual foundations and application in the metamodeling-based systems analysis and design environment
Comparing Google’s Android and Apple’s iOS Mobile Software Development Environments
Russian peasants go to court : legal culture in the countryside 1905-1917
Red Hat Linux system administration handbook
Windows NT server 4.0 secrets
Advanced windows
Apperceiving visual elements in human-technology interaction design
iPad Application Development For Dummies?
iPad for Dummies
Microsoft system center 2012 service manager cookbook
From cute to content : user experience from a cognitive semiotic perspective
Unix clearly explained
Operating system design. Vol. 1 The Xinu approach
Macs for dummies
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
Absolute beginner's guide to Unix
Incredible iPad Apps for dummies
MicroC/OS-II : the real-time Kernel
The official Ubuntu book
Mac Os X : the missing manual
The sirens of Titan
Windows server 2008 for dummies
Appcelerator Titanium : up & running
Android tablets for dummies
Think Unix
Solaris 8 : the complete reference
Windows Vista all-in-one desk reference for dummies
Introduction to operating system design and implementation : the OSP 2 approach
Windows 8 for the older and wiser : get up and running on your computer
Usability engineering
Sparc64 compatible BSD operating systems
A practical approach to operating systems
Open systems and standards for software product development
Java and android application development for dummies : ebook set
Windows Phone 7 plain & simple : your easy, colorful, see-how guide to Windows Phone 7!
Beginning Ubuntu Linux : from novice to professional
Windows 8 for dummies
Red Hat Fedora Linux 2 bible
Linux for dummies
Introduction to the Linux operating system and command line.
Life with UNIX : a guide for everyone
Windows to Linux migration toolkit
Training guide : configuring Windows 8
Linux all-in-one desk reference for dummies
Brilliant Microsoft Windows 8.1
Microsoft Windows registry guide
Coverage includes: Navigation, Alerts & Action Sheets & Modal Views, Custom Table Views, The Split View, Touch Events, Notification Processing, Networking Concepts, Multimedia, Application Preferences, Data Storage, The Pasteboard, Unit Testing, Performance Tuning and Optimization, 	Integrating iAds, Multitasking.
Mastering Windows 7 deployment
Capturing user experiences of mobile information technology with the repertory grid technique
Operating systems : concepts, policies and mechanisms
iPhone for dummies
Operating system elements : a user perspective
The main aim of this thesis was to describe how a single UI code could be used in different operating systems. The objective in this thesis was to bring out the main key points how a hybrid HTML5 application can be implemented by using iOS’s NSWebView and Android’s WebView components as a container for a hybrid application. This thesis also describes how a data transfer is done between HTML, JavaScript and native code. As a starting point, a hybrid application was implemented in both Android and iOS platforms. I wanted to implement an application, which would give value for the end users. I studied some time for open web APIs and found out that Finnkino Movie Company was providing a free XML API for their services and the application idea was found. I interviewed some of my friends about the functional needs for the application and also about how the UI should look like. The application itself was designed to use only one platform specific native WebView component. The User Interface was built with the HTML elements and JavaScript because the UI should look the same in both platforms. In my application the native code handles the XML data parsing from the Finnkino’s web API and sends the parsed data to the calling JavaScript function, which will then place the data into the HTML elements dynamically. When the application was completed, all the differences between the platforms were studied and documented into this thesis. As a result iOS’s NSWebView and Android’s WebView components provide a good support for a hybrid application development with some minor differences. The main difference is the performance and how responsive the UI is in these platforms. From the development point of view, I see a great opportunity to implement mobile applications with a web technology, as it is a fast evolving environment introducing new possibilities for the developers in a very fast phase. And from the business point of view, I can see a great opportunity for smaller companies, or individual developers because with a single effort the application UI can be created for multiple platforms and this saves money and resources.
Windows 8 : Kickstart
Windows 8.1 for dummies
Eleventh hour Linux+ : exam XKO-003 study guide
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
Battle of the titans : how the fight to the death between Apple and Google is transforming our lives
Tiivistelmä: Deploying freenest portable project platform to an openstack based cloud platform.
iPad for the over 50s in simple steps
Raspberry Pi For Dummies, 2nd Edition is a comprehensive guide to this exciting technology, fully updated to align with the Rev 3 board. Veteran technology authors provide expert insight and guidance that get you up and running fast, allowing you to explore the full capabilities of your Raspberry Pi. The clear, concise style makes this guide easy to follow for complete beginners, providing step-by-step instruction throughout the setup process and into systems administration and programming. Updated information includes coverage of Noobs, PiStore and making music with SonicPi, in addition to basic Raspberry Pi operations and features. Raspberry Pi For Dummies, 2nd Edition teaches you everything you need to know to get the most out of your device. Even if you've never ventured beyond e-mail and web browsers, this guide will give you the skills and confidence you need to take advantage of everything the Raspberry Pi has to offer. •	Find out how to install the operating system and connect to other devices. •	Install, use and remove software like a pro. •	Learn basic Linux systems administration. •	Program with Scratch, Python and Minecraft on your Raspberry Pi.
Theoretical and methodological challenges of cross-cultural interaction design
Enterprise Linux at work : how to build 10 distributed applications for your ogranization
Visual search in graphical interfaces : a user psychological approach
Linux appliance design : a hands-on guide to building Linux appliances
Red Hat Linux 8 bible
μC/OS : the real-time Kernel
Abstract: The goal of this project was to explain the steps taken to create a Graphical user interface (GUI) for the SIMO forest management-planning framework. This was achieved using the Flex Flash builder. The SIMO UI was built as a client-server. The method used in the project was to devise an experimental model that would make it easy to build the GUI with fewer codes and still makes it flexible and easy to maintain in the near future. Mapping the XML directly with the components model was finally used since it is the only popular method used frequently in encoding and decoding XML documents. The results obtained showed that the Flex Adobe datagrid was not fully developed for the project and as such, I had to create a custom datagrid, the datasheet. Furthermore, as at the time of building the GUI, there was no credible way to work with namespaced XML. This problem was later solved through a series of research and writing custom-components to suit the application. In conclusion, the goal of the project was achieved, flexibility and maintainability, but at the expense of excess codes.
Proceedings of the ARea 14 workshop on interaction and user experience design for future mixed reality spaces
Service-based fault tolerance for cyber-physical systems : a systems engineering approach
Comparison of Android 2, Maemo 5 and Windows Phone 7 from Software Developer's Point of View
Scalability in operating systems on manycore processors
iPad all-in-one for dummies
Tiivistelmä. Software packaging and release procedures for freenest.
Operating systems : internals and design principles
Linux network servers
Macworld Mac SECRETS
About face 3 : the essentials of interaction design
RHCE Red hat certified engineer study guide
Linux in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference
Exam ref 70-417 : upgrading your skills to MCSA Windows Server 2012
CROSS PLATFORM APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT WITH HTML5 FOR IOS AND ANDROID OPERATING SYSTEMS
Linux in the Workplace : how to use Linux in your Office
Human conceptualisation processes as a perspective on the design and evaluation of user-interfaces
From technology to the human user
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Sed & awk
User interface design for electronic appliances
Windows 7 and Linux Mint : evaluation of basic actions from student's perspective - case study
Page replacement in operating system memory management
Mac security bible
Operating system concepts
