http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7256 mould
mould
Accidents in the home
Do It Yourself: DIY ideas
Supporting community care of demented patients
Dampness and molds in day-care centers as an occupational health problem
Safe in bondage : an appraisal of the church's mission to America
Day-case anaesthesia in adult knee arthroscopy:with special reference to recovery and cost-effectiveness after general and spinal anaesthesia
Food facts
Social protection in the informal economy : home based women workers and outsourced manufacturing in Asia
National framework for high-quality services for older people
Home and work : housework, wages, and the ideology of labor in the early republic
Two major endo-1,4-[beta]-xylanases from Trichoderma reesei
How to sell home equipment : a practical guide to the human side of selling
The care of the home
Guidelines on how to promote optimal oral health for frail elderly as a geronom
In work, at home : towards an understanding of homeworking
Home networking bible
Research fundamentals in home economics
The Good housekeeping : housekeeping book
Exploitation of microorganisms
Our country
Adopting a case study approach, this book offers guidance on successful strategies to employ when working with parents and staff from other disciplines.
New York Times bestselling author Maeve Binchy has captured the hearts of millions with her unforgettable novels. Binchy's graceful storytelling and wise compassion have earned her the devotion of fans worldwide--and made her one of the most beloved authors of our time. Now she dazzles us once again with a new novel filled with her signature warmth, humor, and tender insight. A provocative tale of family heartbreak, friendship, and revelation,Tara Road explores every woman's fantasy: escape, into another place, another life. "What if..." Binchy asks, and answers in her most astonishing novel to date.
A House Undivided : Domesticity and Community in American Literature
Education without schools : Discovering alternatives
The prose of life : Russian women writers from Khrushchev to Putin
The solid facts : home care in Europe
Home, school, and community experiences in the homemaking program
The Fusarium mycotoxins in Finnish cereal grains : how to control and manage the risk
Nurses, patients, and social systems : the effects of skilled nursing intervention upon institutionalized older patients
Water in buildings : an architect's guide to moisture and mold
Inflammatory responses in mice after intratracheal instillation of microbes isolated from moldy buildings
Martha Stewart living
The uncommon commoner : a study of Sir Alec Douglas Home
Loneliness Among Elderly Living at Home
A greener life : a modern country compendium
Health-related costs of moisture and mold in dwellings
HAM and mould growth analysis of a wooden wall
Benefits and challenges experienced by elderly living in nursing homes
Home on the Stage : Domestic Spaces in Modern Drama
Testing fungal DNA on ligation detection reaction microarray
The housing we live in shapes individual access to jobs, health well being and communities. This book shows how attitudes to housing have changed, with the population dynamics driving the market and a greater emphasis on consumption. It also considers how the global financial crisis has differentially affected housing markets.
Housing and the home
Supporting persons with dementia and their spouses' everyday occupations in the home environment
A walk to Horace's farm
Physical activity and motor competence in 4-8-year old children : results of a family-based cluster-randomized controlled physical activity trial
Sick building syndrome and related illness : prevention and remediation of mold contamination
Determinants of institutional care at older ages in Finland
Homeschooling in America : capturing and assessing the movement
A whole range of major American writers have focused on images of the household, of domestic virtue, and the feminine or feminized hero. This important 1990 book examines the persistence and flexibility of such themes in the work of a tradition of classic writers from Ann Bradstreet through Jefferson and Franklin to Hawthorne, Melville, Whitman and Emily Dickinson. Without minimizing the differences that divide these figures, Anderson shows the extent to which, in their various circumstances, they were all committed to a common enterprise - a social and cultural reconstruction based on the domestic values of the ideal private household.
In 2007, the author embarked on a PhD exploring the experiences of older people living in care homes. There was at that time a growing body of literature about quality of care and quality of life relating to older people in these settings. However, much of this research was written from the perspective of staff and policymakers rather than from the perspective of the older people. She wanted to explore the potential of visual research in eliciting the views of care home residents. This case study focuses on the use of participatory photographic research methods with older people living in care settings.
Snoezelen Stimulation Intervention In Nursing Homes for Persons Suffering from Dementia
Symptoms of depression in elderly : a comparative study on people aged 65 years and above living in an old age home and in their own home in Nepal
Inflammatory and cytotoxic potential of selected moldy house microbes in vitro
Working with parents : a guide for education professionals
Emily Dickinson & the image of home
Studies on the epidemiology of lettuce downy mildew (Bremia lactucae Regel) : including a survey of fungal pathogens in field lettuce (Lactuca sativa L.) in Norway
Characterizing moisture damaged buildings : environmental and biological monitoring
Effects of Horticulture Therapy for Elderly With Dementia in an institutional setting.
Nurses' perceptions and support of elderly loneliness in nursing homes
Help! : they need somebody!
Home care nursing practice : concepts and application
Building the custom home office : projects for the complete work space
Caring for America : home health workers in the shadow of the welfare state
Building a media PC with Linux
Foster home breakdown
Young folks at home : home economics for junior high school
Home care across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011.
Fall prevention at home among elderly people: A Nursing assistive approach : A Literature Review
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2012 : Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2012 = Count of regular home-care clients on 30 November of 2012
Mrs Beeton's book of cookery and household management
An essay on the causes of the variety of complexion and figure in the human species
Home theater hacks
Elder care policies in China : the social value foundation is in the family
Supporting Professional Caregivers Working in Nursing Homes: A Literature Review
Quality of institutional elderly care in Slovenia
Experiments in home economics. Part 1, Textile Science
Understanding family care : a multidimensional model of caring and coping
Coping with the needs of Clients with Challenging Behaviours in nursing homes ''Caregivers Perspectives'' : Challenging Behaviours
Photography in care homes : methods for a revealing practice
Fostering the relationship between home and school : a case study of a senior secondary school in the Gambia
Institutional ethnography : preparing buyers in a homeownership society
Management for modern families
Moulds, toxins and food
Functional visual and hearing impairment in a population aged 75 years and older in the City of Kuopio in Finland : associations with mood and activities of daily living
Home health nursing practice : concepts & application
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
This book is the first cultural history of papal authority in late antiquity. While most traditional histories posit a 'rise of the papacy' and examine popes as politicians, theologians and civic leaders, Kristina Sessa focuses on the late Roman household and its critical role in the development of the Roman church from c.350–600. She argues that Rome's bishops adopted the ancient elite household as a model of good government for leading the church. Central to this phenomenon was the classical and biblical figure of the steward, the householder's appointed agent who oversaw his property and people. As stewards of God, Roman bishops endeavored to exercise moral and material influence within both the pope's own administration and the households of Italy's clergy and lay elites. This original and nuanced study charts their manifold interactions with late Roman households and shows how bishops used domestic knowledge as the basis for establishing their authority as Italy's singular religious leaders.
Housing wealth and welfare
Technologies for home networking
The Nonconformist treason
Home is where the school is : the logic of homeschooling and the emotional labor of mothering
Man and home : the home, its physical premises and limits from the perspective of male graduates born in the 1960s
Housing market renewal and social class
Conference proceedings of the XVIIth International Home Economics and Consumer Studies Research Conference, 3-5 September 1997.
Harmonization of sampling and analysis of mould spores
At work in the field of birth : midwifery narratives of nature, tradition, and home
Long-term planning in home economics for Europe : a summary report of information collected from FAO enquiry sheet to European member governments
As personal computers have become more available, there has been a great deal of optimism for educational reform through wide computer use, both at school and in the home. Beyond Technology's Promise, first published in 1994, takes a hard look at the home computer scene. The research reported in the book focuses on whether families are using computers to help children learn academic skills and, if so, how well they are doing it. The three year, qualitative investigation provides contextual information crucial to our understanding of how computers are really being used. The authors draw the not so surprising conclusion that most children use computers to play games. They therefore propose directions that must be taken in order to facilitate the educational use of home computers or any other promising educational technology. In so doing, they examine such topics as parental leadership, the home-school computer connection, and the role of gender in home computing use.
Someone else's child : a book for foster parents of young children
The miswak (chewing stick) and oral health : studies on oral hygiene practices of urban Saudi Arabians
Fungal contamination : a manual for investigation, remediation, and control
Organizing from the inside out : the foolproof system for organizing your home, your office, and your life
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2010 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2010 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2010
Out-of-home food market analysis in Finland : Case: Dehydrated culinary products Client A
Cultural Differences in Elderly Care
Irish home rule, 1867-1921
The changing transition to adulthood : leaving and returning home
Perusterveydenhuolto 2011 = Primärvård 2011 = Primary health care services 2011
Maintaining service quality through customer satisfaction : case: Jugend Home Hotel Pietarsaari
Extended stabillity for parenteral drugs
"For every person over the age of 65 in todayʼs European Union there are four people of working age but, by 2050, there will only be two. Demand for long-term care, of which home care forms a significant part, will inevitably increase in the decades to come. Despite the importance of the issue there is, however, a lack of up-to-date and comparative information on home care in Europe. This volume attempts to fill some of that gap by examining current European policy on home-care services and strategies. Home Care across Europeprobes a wide range of topics including the linkage between social services and health-care systems, the prevailing funding mechanisms, how  service providers are paid, the impact of governmental regulation, and the complex roles played by informal caregivers. Drawing on a set of Europe-wide case studies (available in a second, online volume), the study provides comparable descriptive information on many aspects of the organization, financing and provision of home care across the continent. It is a text  that will help frame the coming debate about how best to serve elderly citizens as  European populations age." -- (takakansi)
Cultural Diversity and Cultural Competency: New Issues in Elderly Care and Service
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2009 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2009 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2009
"Make it yourself" : home sewing, gender, and culture, 1890-1930
Bringing madness home : the multiple meanings of home in Janet Frame's Faces in the water, Bessie Head's A question of power and Lauren Slater's Prozac diary
Home health care
Nurse's illustrated handbook of home health procedures
Isaac Butt and home rule
Changes in place of death in Sweden 2004-2011 : a study of urban elderly receiving public eldercare services
As a serious drama set in an ordinary middle-class home, Ibsen's A Doll's House established a new politics of the interior that was to have a lasting impact upon twentieth-century drama. In this innovative study, Nicholas Grene traces the changing forms of the home on the stage through nine of the greatest of modern plays and playwrights. From Chekhov's The Cherry Orchard through to Williams's A Streetcar Named Desire, domestic spaces and personal crises have been employed to express wider social conditions and themes of class, gender and family. In the later twentieth century and beyond, the most radically experimental dramatists created their own challenging theatrical interiors, including Beckett in Endgame, Pinter in The Homecoming and Parks in Topdog/Underdog. Grene analyses the full significance of these versions of domestic spaces to offer fresh insights into the portrayal of the naturalistic environment in modern drama.
Men as caregivers : theory, research, and service implications
Development of commercial wood preservatives : efficacy, environmental, and health issues
The disenchantment of the home : modernizing the Australian family 1880-1940
Older people's safety and security in community care for the elderly : focusing on fall risk and fall
Executive summary.
The report of the work of the Church Army : among the criminal, outcast, careless, and distressed during ..
Home and leisure accident research : ... annaul report of the home and leisure accident research
Influence of kiln and air drying on redistribution of low-molecular sugars and nitrogenous compounds in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) and consequences for mould susceptibility
Attitude of senior citizens towards smart home technologies:a literature review
Abuse of the Elderly by Formal Caregivers in Nursing Homes : A Systematic Review of Underlying Factors
Development of Home Delivery Service in South Ostrobothnia
Nursery practices and management of fungal diseases in forest nurseries in Finland : a review
The complete home video director
Linking home and school : a new review
The Kenya cookery book and household guide
Formal and informal care in an urban and a rural elderly population : who? when? what?
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
Teachers' health in moisture-damaged schools : a follow-up study
This qualitative study reports on lactic acid bacteria (LAB), yeasts and moulds isolated from three artisanal Swedish cellar-stored goat cheeses aged for 1, 3 and 5 months. Starter culture LAB dominated in the younger cheeses, and Leuconostoc pseudomesenteroides, common in raw goats' milk, had persisted from the unpasteurised milk into all the cheeses. Non-starter LAB dominated in the 5 month cheese, in particular, Lactobacillus sakei, a meat-associated LAB not previously isolated from cheese. Debaryomyces hansenii, and Penicillium and Mucor species were dominant among the yeasts and moulds, respectively. The cheese rind was not formed primarily from Penicillium species as in traditional cheeses such as Camembert - rather, mycelium from Mucor mucedo contributed to rind formation. Mould species known to produce sterigmatocystin, aflatoxins or ochratoxin A in cheese were not isolated in this study; growth of mycotoxigenic Aspergilli may have been inhibited by the cool conditions in the earth-cellar (4-6 °C).
Advances in downy mildew research. Vol. 2
Homemaking education in the high school
This case shows the added value of mixed methods in studying the topic of hospital transfers from nursing homes. By integrating the experiences of nursing home nurses with hospital physicians, the authors researched how to reduce avoidable hospital transfers from nursing homes. The case illustrates how the combination of qualitative and quantitative methods can help to better understand complex phenomena like the one under study.
The learning disabled child : a school and family concern
Nursing care of the elderly : a literature review of nurses' challenge in pharmacotherapy of the elderly
Functional studies of the secretory pathway of filamentous fungi : the effect of unfolded protein response on protein production
Emissions from thermal insulations : part 2: evaluation of emissions from organic and inorganic insulations
Electronic projects for video enthusiasts
Remedial treatment of buildings
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2008 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2008 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2008
Young families under stress : outcomes and costs of Home-Start support
Summary.
Supporting older people’s independent living at home through social and health care collaboration
Getting organized : the easy way to put your life in order
Home Care Across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Jewish cultural studies
Both growth and unevenness in the distribution of housing wealth have become characteristic of advanced societies in recent decades. Housing Wealth and Welfare examines, in various contexts, how housing property ownership has become central both to household wellbeing and to the reshaping of social, economic and political relations. Expert contributors analyse the critical interactions between housing and wealth that lie at the heart of contemporary forms of capitalism, especially its global, neoliberal incarnation. Comparing and contrasting case studies from across the European continent, this book illustrates how these interactions are reshaping the function of housing as a welfare object, including how the commodification and financialisation of housing in the twenty-first-century has transformed its role and amplified distributional outcomes. Practical and engaging, Housing Wealth and Welfare will be of interest to researchers and students of housing studies, social policy, sociology, social geography and political science. It will also appeal to policy makers and practitioners with both local and international perspectives.
Heritage eaters : insects & fungi in heritage collections
Beyond the multiplex : cinema, new technologies, and the home
Listening to the voices of dementia:the therapist's teaching-learning process through co-construction of narrative and the triadic relationship with Alzheimer’s disease sufferers
This topical book focuses on elective home education (EHE) in England and considers how the dominance of schooling has affected our ability to conceive of education as diverse and different. It highlights the lack of government interest in alternative education and also considers the human rights issues, the relationship of the state to education and parental education choice.
Moulds and yeasts : determination in food and feed
Buggy biz : integrated pest managemant in collections
Mixed methods in action : the dilemma of nursing home residents relocated to hospital
The longing for home
Tex Smith's How to build custom cars : most everything about customs!
Polttopuuhakkeen käsittelystä aiheutuva ilman homepölypitoisuus sekä siihen vaikuttavat tekijät = The mould dust concentration caused by the handling of fuel chips and its modifying factors
Room by room : kitchens : your home made simple
This text offers a comprehensive survey of the history, research and practice of home visiting. This new edition comes with information on assessment instruments, and on the personal safety of the home visitor.
This project uses institutional ethnography to analyze the textually mediated relationships between consumers and the professionals involved in real estate: sales agents, insurance agents, mortgage lenders and community development programs.
Evaluation and investigation in home economics
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 7, Blue-veined cheeses
A book on second homes
The budget kit : the common cents money management workbook
Self-care of the home-dwelling elderly people living in Slovenia
Damp indoor spaces and health
Microsoft Windows home server : unleashed
Handbook of home health orientation
The past, present and future of home health care
Families in global and multicultural perspective
The Formation of Papal Authority in Late Antique Italy : Roman Bishops and the Domestic Sphere
Neuropsychiatric symptoms, psychotropic drug use and physical restraints in older persons : cross-sectional study in home care and residential care
Woman's day
Home as verbal and visual discourse : report on stories told by Finnish Americans
Consumer education - an international dimension : conference proceedings
Children's environmental health and disease prevention research
Effective use of hearing devices : a guide for geronoms and caregivers in supporting elderly with dementia in an institutional setting
Beyond Technology's Promise : An Examination of Children's Educational Computing at Home
The smart house
Antimicrobial activity of Pseudomonas spp. against food poisoning bacteria and moulds
Paediatric nursing and parenthood.
Home networking basis : transmission environments and wired/wireless protocols
Environmental gerontology : making meaningful places in old age
Asking us to think differently about the home, this book challenges the notion of a closed-off and self-sufficient place and reimagines home to be where we find our connections to others and the world. By exploring home in relation to the figure of the stranger and public space, as well as with a focus on practices of dwelling and materialities, the authors demonstrate that thinking differently about home advances our understanding of belonging as a social process in which we are all implicated. Interrelated chapters challenge traditional, convenient and stereotypical notions of 'home'. Specifically, the book provides a state-of-the-art cross-disciplinary conceptual framework; contributes to national and international discussions on the changing economic and social meanings of home; and provides analysis of areas and locations that are rarely thought of as involved in 'home-making', e.g. man caves; mobile homes; the home in public; senses of home; the migrant citizen/stranger. This book is an essential resource for those involved in housing policy, issues around migration policies and to researchers working in other arenas such as cultural heritage. It is of particular interest to academics of sociology, anthropology and cultural studies, and those whose research investigates questions of domestic space and the politics of home.
The subterranean child labour force : subcontracted home based manufacturing in Asia
Family caregiving for older disabled people : relational and institutional issues
Sleep disturbance among elderly people in Nursing home: A nonpharmacological approach -
Literature Review study
Experimental lung mycotoxicosis in mice induced by Stachybotrys atra
Examines the reasons why children ultimately leave home to live on their own and how the pattern has changed throughout the 20th century.
Petrarch's eight years in Milan
Resisting the place of belonging : uncanny homecomings in religion, narrative, and the arts
Microbial exposure and health in schools : effects of moisture damage and renovation
Today's home living
Work-related well-being in the transformation of nursing home work
Measurement and characterization of particles and bioaerosols in HVAC systems and indoor air of office buildings
Bacteria, yeasts and molds in the home
Mosby's handbook of patient teaching
Fall accidents and exercise among a very old home-dwelling population
Village and home
Home environment and the school
Designing smart homes : the role of artificial intelligence
Ireland and the federal solution : the debate over the United Kingdom constitution, 1870-1921
WHO policy on TB infection control in health-care facilities, congregate settings and households
Study on trichothecenes, zearalenone and ochratoxin A in Finnish cereals: occurrence and analytical techniques
Housing transitions through the life course : aspirations, needs and policy
Microbiota of an unpasteurised cellar-stored goat cheese from northern Sweden
Model prediction of frost tolerance as related to winter survival of wheat in Finnish field trials
Henry Home, Lord Kames, and the Scottish enlightenment : a study in national character and in the history of ideas
Microbial quality of linseed and fibre hemp plants during growing and harvest seasons
Young homemakers' equipment guide
Social protection of homeworkers : documents of the Meeting of Experts on the Social Protection of Homeworkers, Geneva, 1990.
Expectations of elderly people on the nurse-client relationship and interaction in home care : "When I see the nurse's smiling face it feels likes sunshine on a rainy and gloomy day"
Congress and the governance of the Nation's Capital : the conflict of Federal and local interests
Reimagining home in the 21st century
Home recording basics
Home visiting : procedures for helping families
Catabolism of biomass-derived sugars in fungi and metabolic engineering as a tool for organic acid production
