http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7255 Capsicum
Capsicum peppers (Solanaceae) bell peppers
Influence of foliar calcium application on yield and quality of sweet pepper under greenhouse conditions
Peppers - a cookbook
Vegetable diseases : a color handbook
The effect of different irrigation techniques on plant performance and seed quality in relation to fruit maturation and storage of different genotypes of pepper (Capsicum annuum var. annuum L.)
Peppers : a story of hot pursuits
Proceedings of the International Congress on Greenhouse Vegetables: the Product Chain of Fresh Tomatoes, Peppers, Cucumbers : 31 Oct-1 Nov, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Potential of infrared heating as a method for decontaminating food powder : process development and impact on product quality
Manufacture of red line meat products with higher colour stability and improved visual attractiveness
Peppers : botany, production and uses
The pepper harvest cookbook
Nicotine alkaloids in solanaceous food plants
Natural biostimulants reduce the incidence of BER in sweet yellow pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.)
Modern greenhouse pepper production should evolve towards more sustainable systems. The growing technique which combines soilless culture and biostimulants may reduce nutrient and water use with beneficial impact on the environment. Therefore, this work aimed to investigate effects of biostimulants application on hydroponically produced pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.) in conditions of reduced fertilization. Positive influence of biostimulant treatment on yield parameters was observed along with significant decrease in incidence of blossom-end rot (BER) in two pepper cultivars. Biostimulants application resulted in overall increase in macro- and microelement content in fruits of treated pepper cultivars. Generally, biostimulants improved the yield of pepper plants grown hydroponically by increasing the nutrient uptake and decreasing the occurrence of BER. Thus, the application of biostimulants could be considered as a good production strategy for obtaining high yields of nutritionally valuable vegetables with lower impact on the environment.
Peppers as a commercial crop
Paprica (Capsicum annuum L.) field establishment and crop productivity under varying planting density and ammonium nitrate topdressing
Peppers : vegetable and spice capsicums
The physiology of vegetable crops
The protection of tomatoes, egg plants and peppers, 1979 - April 1991 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
One of the problems facing the meat industry is the rapid decolouration of products elaborated with paprika, known as red line meat products. To evaluate the redness loss in such products, three different paprika types were used to elaborate two fresh and two marinated products. CIELAB chromatic parameters were measured during the shelf life of these products, and redness loss at the end of this period was analysed. The use of paprika elaborated from selected varieties of pepper (<i>Capsicum annuum</i> L.) confers higher initial redness and better colour stability. Colour-related consumer preference for these products is also discussed.
The complete chile pepper book : a gardener's guide to choosing, growing, preserving and cooking
The paprika
