http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p725 tangos (dances)
tangos (dances)
Assassination tango : motion picture soundtrack
World dance. Tango
Epilogue : the tango and Finnish popular music
The Placido Domingo story
Latin standards : the 14 most passionate Latin songs : alto saxophone = die 14 feurigsten Latin Songs : Altsaxophon
Tangos & milongas for solo guitar. Volume 2
The world of the tango : 20 tango classics : The tango kings
Ballroom dancing : a comprehensive guide for dancers of all levels
The ultimate ballroom album 6 : original music for dancing & listening. 6, "Hello young lovers"
The tango machine : musical culture in the age of expediency
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 1: original music for ballroom dancing
Tango : an art history of love
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 17, Emanuel & Tania
Argentine tango : a guide to basics and beyond (part 1)
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 13, "All or nothing at all"
Superhythm fun : 10 modern dances : Miniature dances for classroom instruments and voice
The tango : 16 essential tango favourites
"Argentinean tango is a global phenomenon. Since its origin among immigrants from the slums of Buenos Aires and Montevideo, it has crossed and re-crossed many borders. Yet, never before has tango been danced by so many people and in so many different places as today. Argentinean tango is more than a specific music and style of dancing. It is also a cultural imaginary which embodies intense passion, hyper-heterosexuality, and dangerous exoticism. In the wake of its latest revival, tango has become both a cultural symbol of Argentinean national identity and a transnational cultural space in which a modest, yet growing number of dancers from different parts of the globe meet on the dance floor. Through interviews and ethnographical research in Amsterdam and Buenos Aires, Kathy Davis shows why a dance from another era and another place appeals to men and women from different parts of the world and what happens to them as they become caught up in the tango salon culture.
World Dancesport Federation: tango
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 17, "For you"
Latin standards : 25 songs : piano, vocal, guitar
Joints of glulam structures based on glued-in ribbed steel rods
The ultimate...ballroom album. 7, Beautiful things
Masters of modern. One
Tango for guitar
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 14, "L'Italiano"
A technique of advanced standard ballroom figures
The art of Ballroom
Leivonen lumimyrskyssä : Celebrating the music of Toivo Kärki
World masters voice. 2, Standard and latin dances
13 tango passions for mandolin and guitar
Dance attack!. 1, 16 original vocal recordings
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 1.
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing & listening. 12, Anything goes
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 3: original music for ballroom dancing
Heart of tango
Naturalised finnish tango puts out new shoots
Goddess Star Monroe's pole essentials
Tango argentino : the technique
Love songs & tangos
Dancing with Dr Kildare
Ancona open ballroom. 5.
The Ultimate... Ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 7, "Beautiful things"
El viaje : 15 tangos and other pieces : accordion
Ballroom dancing / Step-by-Step
The death of the angel : reflections on the relationship between enlightenment and enchantment in the twenty-first century
Exploring the written : anthropology and the multiplicity of writing
The technique of ballroom dancing
Nu tango : the style and the passion
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 2: original music for ballroom dancing
Long after nidnight at the Niño Bien : a yanqui's missteps in Argentina
Dancing tango : passionate encounters in a globalizing world
French tangos for violin
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 15, "Reaching for the moon"
Latin standards : the 14 most passionate Latin songs = die 14 feurigsten Latin Songs : tenor saxophone = Tenorsaxophon
Tango voices : songs from the soul of Buenos Aires & beyond
Tango : sex and rhythm of the city
Tango nostalgia : the language of love and longing : Finnish culture in tango lyrics discourses : a contrastive semiotic and cultural approach to the tango
Beginner's guide to tango lounge
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 4.
40 Piazzolla tangos for piano
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance-step-by-step!
World of Standardtänze. Vol. 2
Tango for piano
Global tangos : travels in the transnational imaginary
News from tangoland
Black & blue
Tango artist Astor Piazzolla's composition, 'La muerte del ángel', serves as inspiration for a few reflections on the relationship between enlightenment and enchantment in the 21st century. Piazzolla wrote the fugue as accompaniment to a play, 'Tango del angel', about an angel who tries to heal broken human spirits in Buenos Aires and ends up dying in a knife fight. Drawing on tango's melancholy, longing, and hesitant hoping, I share stories from my travels where I engage with the struggle to sustain an ethnographic art that brings heart to the process of knowing the world.
Driftwood : fox-trot
On tango : the definitive guide to Argentine tango
Vuelvo al sur : 10 tangos and other pieces. Piano
The Irvine legacy
Tango voices : songs from the soul of Buenos Aires & beyond : a collection of celebrated tangos from around the world
The Argentine tango as social history 1880-1955 : the soul of the people
The meaning of tango : the story of the Argentinian dance
South America, take it away! : 24 latin hits
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 13, Jonathan & Katusha
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 11, "Two of a kind"
Tango classics in latin and sumerian
Classic tangos for guitar
The music of France
¡Tango! : the dance, the song, the story
Argentine tango : a guide to basics and beyond
The best... of ballroom music. 16 : original hits for ballroom dancing
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 11, Jonathan & Katusha
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 14, Victor & Anna
The tango lesson : original motion picture soundtrack
Masters of modern. 13.
Gold standard. 2
The Thirties. Part Three
Tangos, milongas and other Latin-American Dances for Solo Piano
Arctic paradise : contemporary folk music from Finland 2012
Everybody's tango album : for pianoforte solo or piano accordion : with vocal refrains
Tango for two : 11 intermediate compositions and arrangements : with a preface in Spanish, German, French : for 2 alto or 2 tenor saxophones
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 12, Alan & Donna
Tango : the dance, the song, the story
Technique of ballroom dancing
Pole dance and fitness : technique manual
Ballroom favourites
Tango nuevo for piano solo : 10 moderne argentinische Tangos für Klavier = 10 modern tangos from Argentina for piano. Volume 2.
Modern ballroom dancing
Gold Star Ballroom : Tango
It's easy to play tango
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance - step-by-step
Tango Argentina : live from Buenos Aires
Argentinian tango and folk tunes for flute
Nine songs from the valley
Ghetto tango : wartime Yiddish theater
The world of ballroom dance
Argentinian tango and folk tunes for accordion
Loves to tango!
Tangos : selected works for the piano
Tango : the rhythm and movement of Buenos Aires
Tango : [10 favorite songs]
Tango : a solo across South America
Cultural dynamics and minority identity in music : an ethnomusicological case study of the Swedish-Finnish popular music in the dancehalls of Gothenburg. (1)
