http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7258 good
good the good
Midnight falcon
In 1814 London, Gretchen must put aside annoyance at the constant buzzing caused by being a Whisperer, concern about her twin brother, her growing feelings for a member of the Order of Iron Nail, and the boredom of being a debutante when a new menace threatens Mayfair.
Two ravens and one crow
Principles of good administration in the member states of the European Union
Good governance and human rights
Sin : a new understanding of virtue and vice
The happiness project : or, why I spent a year trying to sing in the morning, clean my closets, fight right, read Aristotle, and generally have more fun
This publication describes the project implemented in Egypt and funded through EU Twinning funding which developed the operations of the National Authority for Quality Assurance and Accreditation of Egypt (NAQAAE). Implemented in 2013−2015, the project was the first Twinning project in the education sector in Finland, and it was coordinated by the Teacher Education College of JAMK University of Applied Sciences. The authors include experts from Finland, Germany and Egypt who worked in the project. In the articles, the authors describe from various viewpoints their experiences with the implementation of the project; content development work; challenges in project management; and the everyday incidents and fascination of international project cooperation.
Local governance and the drivers of growth
The hour of dust and ashes
Meet charities online : How can charities utilize social media as a promotional tool?
Out of Eden : Adam and Eve and the problem of evil
What would Buddha do? : 101 answers to life's daily dilemmas
Marketing strategy for a new fundraising agency
Shades of goodness : gradability, demandingness and the structure of moral theories
A legacy of light
Taste of darkness
In this examination of the questions posed by the problem of evil, John Feinberg addresses the intellectual and theological framework of theodicy. Beginning with a discussion of the logical problem of evil, he interacts with leading thinkers who have previously written on these themes.
The astonishing powers of emotions : let your feelings be your guide
A treatise of human nature : in two volumes. 2
Living well : the psychology of everyday life
"Pretty much all the advice about happiness we have heard revolves around one basic assumption: that we can think ourselves happier. But in HAPPINESS BY DESIGN, behavior and happiness expert Paul Dolan reveals that the key to being happy does not lie in changing how we think--it's changing what we do"--
Garion the farm boy did not believe in magic dooms, but then he did not know that soon he would be on a quest of unparalleled magic and danger when the dread evil God Torak was reawakened.
Aquinas and the cry of Rachel : Thomistic reflections on the problem of evil
God, goodness and philosophy
Towering
Commitment
Possible worlds : the idea of happiness in the utopian vision of Louis-Sébastien Mercier
The problem of evil and the power of God
Ravenheart : a novel of the Rigante
The best things in life : a guide to what really matters
City of fae
E-government and good government : an impossible equation in the network society
InterWorld
Evil and the response of world religion
A frightening love : recasting the problem of evil
Golem in my glovebox
Good practices for biosecurity in the pig sector : issues and options in developing and transition countries
Everyday you : create your day with joy and mindfulness
The tastemakers
The roots of evil
Michael Walzer on recognition as a dominated good
Self-realization : an outline of ethics
The ocean at the end of the lane : a novel
The emissary
"Martha Wells expands her world of the Raksura with the start of a brand new Three Worlds series. An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil. Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it. The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger"--
Evil and moral psychology
On the existence of evils
Problems of evil and the power of God
Goodness, God, and evil
Jung on evil
Nordic inspiration : fresh approaches to museum learning / [editing: Tine Seligmann and Dorthe Godsk Larsen]
A treatise of human nature : in two volumes. 1
Nonprofit kit for dummies
A dark and powerful goddess hunts for three jewels: fallen stars that will give her endless power. To save the world, six friends have joined forces to stop her.
Scorched
Avry knows hardship and trouble. She fought the plague and survived. She took on King Tohon and defeated him. But now her heart-mate, Kerrick, is missing, and Avry fears he's gone forever. But there's a more immediate threat. The Skeleton King plots to claim the Fifteen Realms for his own. With armies in disarray and the dead not staying down, Avry's healing powers are needed now more than ever.
Public and academic concerns regarding religion and morality are proliferating as people wonder about the possibility of moral reassurance, the ability of religion to provide it and about the future of religion and the relation between religious faiths. This book addresses current thinking on such matters, with particular focus on the relationship between moral values and doctrines of the divine. Leading scholars in the field test the scope of philosophy of religion and engage with the possibilities and difficulties of attempting trans-faith philosophy.
The big questions
The influence of small events on charity work and volunteerism : A case study of famine in Somalia and Kenya
This book examines what makes someone an evil person and how evil people are different from merely bad people. Rather than focusing on the "problem of evil" that occupies philosophers of religion, Barry looks instead to moral psychology―the intersection of ethics and psychology. He provides both a philosophical account of what evil people are like and considers the implications of that account for social, legal, and criminal institutions. He also engages in traditional philosophical reasoning strongly informed by psychological research, especially abnormal and social psychology. In response to the popularity of phrases like "the axis of evil" and the ease with which politicians and others describe their opponents as "evil", Barry sets out to make clear just what it is to be an evil person.
Rethinking the good : moral ideals and the nature of practical reasoning
The affirmation that God acts in history has roots deep within the religious traditions of the West. The God depicted in biblical narrative is by no means a detached spectator, unconcerned with the course of events in the world. Rather, God engages human beings in and through their history, shaping the destinies of individuals and communities. While this way of thinking about God has profoundly shaped the theological imagination of the biblical religions, it has become a source of persistent puzzlement in modern theology. The rise of the natural sciences has demonstrated the power of understanding our world as governed by natural law, and this poses difficult questions about how God can be understood to act in a such a world. Furthermore, a compelling set of religious and ethical objections can be urged against the idea that God performs particular actions in history; the problem of evil arises here with great force. This book brings together a group of well-known philosophers and theologians for a sharply focused exchange on these crucial questions about the God who acts.
The good, the true and the beautiful : a quest for meaning
Final hour
Planning behaviour-driven energy efficiency interventions in a city context
The psychology of good and evil
This Master’s thesis concentrates on a particular tool, called Äly Excel, which is used in health care centres in Finland. The Äly Excel is a Microsoft Excel based tool that helps to plan a health care personnel rota. The main goal of this work was to enhance usability of the Äly Excel. The development work was part of the Hyvä Potku project that is managed by Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District. To find out the most important usability problems of the Äly Excel, usability tests were carried out in an early phase of the project work. Also, a questionnaire was sent out to gather user experience and possible suggestions for improvements. Once the feedback and user test observations were analysed and agreed with the Hyvä Potku project members, the development of the Äly Excel began. Since the Äly Excel is a Microsoft Excel based worksheet, it was natural to choose Visual Basic as a programming language as Visual Basic Application is part of the Microsoft Office package. New UI features are designed so that they follow well-known usability studies. In this thesis a usability theory is observed and discussed. The thesis details the software and UI design and why certain decisions were made. The problems faced during the development work are explained. At the end there is a discussion about the future development of the Äly Excel.
Best environmental practices in metal mining operations
Ethical theory. 2, Theories about how we should live
The self, the soul, and the psychology of good and evil
Nietzsche's task : an interpretation of Beyond good and evil
Philosophy on the border
The edge of worlds
The Belgariad. 3, Magician's gambit
As plague ravages the overcrowded Earth, observed by a ruthless lunar people, Cinder, a gifted mechanic and cyborg, becomes involved with handsome Prince Kai and must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect the world in this futuristic take on the Cinderella story.
Demons in my driveway
Does belief in God yield the best understanding of value? Can we provide transcendental support for key moral concepts? Does evolutionary theory undermine or support religious moralities? Is divine forgiveness unjust? Can a wholly good God understand evil? Should philosophy of religion proceed in a faith-neutral way? Public and academic concerns regarding religion and morality are proliferating as people wonder about the possibility of moral reassurance, and the ability of religion to provide it, and about the future of religion and the relation between religious faiths. This book addresses current thinking on such matters, with particular focus on the relationship between moral values and doctrines of the divine. Leading scholars in the field, test the scope of philosophy of religion, and engage with the possibilities and difficulties of attempting trans-faith philosophy. Chapters also relate to a number of cross-disciplinary contemporary debates: on evolution and ethics; politics, justice and forgiveness; and, the relation between reason and emotions. Another set of chapters tests the coherence of Anselmian theism and concepts of an Omni-God in relation to divine knowledge and goodness. This book will be of interest to scholars and undergraduates in philosophy of religion, as well as moral philosophers, philosophers of science, theologians, and those working in theology and science.
The meditations of Marcus Aurelius : spiritual teachings and reflections : selections annotated & explained
Elric of Melniboné
Purity of heart is to will one thing : spiritual preparation for the office of confession
Predictability of proceedings in international commercial arbitration: and is there a nordic way?
In this timely book, James Taylor takes readers on a fascinating journey to examine the origins and evolution of all seven deadly sins. Are those great sins still sins? If you were going to make a list of the seven most deadly sins today, what would it include? Taylor looks at traditional and contemporary notions of sin and shows how this key concept shapes our personal lives and society.
In this 30th anniversary edition, Goldman frames the famous fairy tale with an "autobiographical" story; his father had abridged the book as he read it to his son. Now, Goldman is publishing an abridged version, interspersed with comments on the parts that had been cut out. Presents the timeless love story between a farm boy named Westley and the beautiful Princess Buttercup.
The forming of the charitable institutions of the west of England; a study of the changing pattern of social aspirations in Bristol and Somerset, 1480-1660
Good and evil : interpreting a human condition
The logic of collective action : public goods and the theory of groups
Identity \ difference : democratic negotiations of political paradox
Happiness and the limits of satisfaction
Good administration and the Council of Europe
Healing anger : the power of patience from a buddhist perspective
The shape of the good : Christian reflections on the foundations of ethics
The mirror king
The truthful and the good : essays in honor of Robert Sokolowski
Dear Sebastian : a father's last wish, a legacy of inspiration
The question of good life in Albert Borgmann's philosophy of technology
The right and the good
Meeting the shadow : the hidden power of the dark side of human nature
The monk who sold his Ferrari : a fable about fulfilling our dreams and reaching your destiny
The good life
Mountain echoes
Sweet reckoning
Goods and virtues
The problem of evil
The idea of evil
Empirical study of project management practices
Can God be trusted? : faith and the challenge of evil
The happiness hypothesis : finding modern truth in ancient wisdom
A letter on the principles of justness and decency, containing a defence of the treatise De cive of the learned Mr Hobbes
A memory of fire
Richelle Mead Dark Swan bundle
Aristotle's ethical theory
Phoenix in my fortune
A Host state regulatory right in Fair and Equitable Treatment (FET) in Bilateral Investment Treaties (BITs)
Kant's Religion within the boundaries of mere reason : a critical guide
The many uses of "good"
The orphan queen
911 - a public emergency? : special issue
New essays in philosophical theology
New essays on Leibniz's Theodicy
The self in early modern literature : for the common good
Modernity and the problem of evil
The God who acts : philosophical and theological explorations
Ethics
The silmarillion
The darkest edge of dawn
Whisper the dead
The iron knight
Encountering evil : live options in theodicy
Levinas : a guide for the perplexed
The ultimate happiness prescription : 7 keys to joy and enlightment
Good administration and efficiency in administration : principles and legislation
From capabilities to a comprehensive theory of the good : universal operationalization of the capabilities approach
God, the good, and utilitarianism : perspectives on Peter Singer
The reflective life : living wisely with our limits
Terrorized by sound? : Foucault on terror, resistance, and sonorous art
Gardens of the moon
The roots and flowers of evil in Baudelaire, Nietzsche, and Hitler
After you
Primitives and the supernatural
Siege and storm
The ethical life : fundamental readings in ethics and moral problems
Paul Ricoeur on hope : expecting the good
Cultural Environment Strategy 2014–2020 : Government Resolution 20 March 2014.
Frameworks for event fundraising in Alberta, Canada
The metaphysics of good and evil according to Suárez : Metaphysical disputations x and xi and selected passages from Disputation xxiii and other works : translation, with introduction, notes, and glossary
The difficult good : a Thomistic approach to moral conflict and human happiness
Unaccompanied refugee minors in Finland : challenges and good practices in a Nordic context
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of stoic joy
What is good and why : the ethics of well-being
Beasts : what animals can teach us about the origins of good and evil
How to stop worrying and start living
Ibn Taymiyya's Theodicy of perpetual optimism
The end of Christianity : finding a good God in an evil world
Knowledge and the good in Plato's Republic
Summary (s. 7).
Global software engineering : challenges and solutions framework
Studies of good and evil : a series of essays upon problems of philosophy and of life
The capabilities approach has seen significant development over the past quarter century, branching out into a variety of fields and directions. Originally developed by Nobel Prize Laureate Amartya Sen, Martha Nussbaum has sought to extend this approach beyond its mainly instrumental role into a tangible foundation for a full-fledged ethical-political theory of the good. However, this move has attracted a great number of criticisms formulated against Nussbaum’s specific version of the capabilities approach. In this book, I identify three main groups of observations under which said criticisms can be classified, and assess their respective strength and tenability. Following careful analysis, I conclude that, while not entirely trouble-free, no truly fatal objections exist against Nussbaum’s capabilities approach, and that further work towards its practical implementation can consequently proceed unimpeded.
The myth of evil
The princess bride : S. Morgenstern's classic tale of true love and high adventure : the "good parts" version, abridged
Bay of sighs
Ethics, literature, and theory : an introductory reader
The Buddha's golden path : the classic introduction to zen buddhism
Avengers : age of ultron
Continuum : rethinking BAT emissions of the pulp and paper industry in the European Union
Self-completion : keys to the meaningful life
On my way to a happy life
On the two ways : life or death, light or darkness : foundational texts in the tradition
Local cooperation funds : role in institution building of civil society organizations
What can we do to live life wisely? You might think that the answer would be to think and reflect more. But this is not Valerie Tiberius's answer. On her view, when we really take account of what we are like - when we recognize our psychological limits - we will see that too much thinking and reflecting is bad for us. Instead, we need to think and reflect better. This means that we need to develop wisdom: we need to care about things that will sustain us and give us good experiences, we need to have perspective on our successes and failures, and we need to be moderately self-aware and cautiously optimistic about human nature. Further, we need to know when to think about our values, character, and choices, and when not to. A crucial part of wisdom, Tiberius maintains, is knowing when to stop reflecting and get lost in the experience. The Reflective Life also considers the issue of how to philosophize about how to live. A recent trend in moral philosophy has been toward what is sometimes called 'empirically informed ethics'. This methodology has not yet caught on in normative ethics, primarily because we cannot conclude anything about what ought to be the case from the facts about what is. Tiberius agrees that this leap should be avoided, but argues that empirical psychology can inform our philosophical theories in interesting ways.
The Lucifer principle : a scientific expedition into the forces of history
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Continuum - Rethinking BAT Emissions of the Pulp and Paper Industry in the European Union.
Synthesis of single and mixed metal oxides for VOCs oxidation
The construction of the new Lithuanian elites in Stilius magazine (1997-2003)
The millenium among the Tupí-Cocama : a case of religious ethno-dynamism in the Peruvian Amazon
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
Flourish : a new understanding of happiness and well-being - and how to achieve them
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Ethics : an essay on the understanding of evil
The Belgariad. 1, Pawn of prophecy
Happiness by design : finding pleasure and purpose in everyday life
Summary (s. ix-xiv).
The overall aim of the Egyptian Twinning project described here was to strengthen the institutional and technical capacity of the National Authority for Quality Assurance and Accreditation of Education (NAQAAE) in line with the relevant European best practices. The soul of Twinning is, however, about cooperation between people. Accordingly, the project stood for strengthening partner- ship between experts and institutions in Egypt, Finland and Germany. It was not about replicating European systems but rather seeking the best practices of all and for all. Solving complex challenges always raises possibilities for everyone to learn more: about the content itself through theories and their manifold applications for diverse practices, but also about organisations and cultures besides international cooperation, collegiality, friendship and ourselves as persons and experts in a multidimensional global world. In the texts here, the authors tell about their experiences of all of these.
A need so beautiful
Good and evil : two interpretations
Usability study and improvement of the Äly Excel
Sword in the storm
One fell sweep
The aura of terror?
Viking warrior rising
Evil and Christian ethics
The great controversy : the individual's struggle between good and evil in the Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs and in their Jewish and Christian contexts
Happiness is a choice
Self-health as a habit
Grimoire of the lamb
Understanding evil : an interdisciplinary approach
Protection of legitimate expectations in European community and Finnish administrative law
Promotion of the good life : development of a curriculum for public health nurses
Eternity's wheel
The Nicomachean ethics
The problem is the solution : a Jungian approach to a meaningful life
The choice between two cities : whore, bride, and empire in the Apocalypse
"An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil.  Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it.  The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger. "--
Satan, the prodigal son? : a family problem in the Bible
Scarred
The golden mean
Pursuing the good life : 100 reflections on positive psychology
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
Affirmations : joyful and creative exuberance
Happiness TM
The enigma of good and evil : the moral sentiment in literature
Good governance manual : management guidelines for the Abilis Partnership Programme
Harry Potter and the cursed child. Parts one and two
Think no evil : Korean values in the age of globalization
In search of happiness : understanding an endangered state of mind
Good governance and the European Union : reflections on concepts, institutions and substance
A brief history of angels and demons
The right to good administration
Happiness and benevolence
To this side of Good and evil : Primo Levi as a truth-teller
Hell : the logic of damnation
Hume's moral theory
The exorcist
Everything you need you have : how to be at home in your self
Best Finnish practices on joint construction of infrastructure networks : examples of coordinated construction of transport infrastructure, water supply networks and electricity and telecommunications cables in Finland
On evil
Animal diseases that are known to spread primarily through human activities can be prevented and controlled through the application of biosecurity measures along the production and marketing chain, together with increased awareness and education. With this document, FAO, OIE and the World Bank aim to provide applied biosecurity recommendations to all pork production stakeholders in the numerous pig farming systems worldwide, particularly in developing and transition countries. Pig farmers are the main intended beneficiaries of the paper, but it is also of use to veterinary and technical service providers who are in a position to deliver and implement the proposed measures, to decision-makers in government and to project managers in agricultural development.--Publisher's description.
Lincoln's Inn Lectures on European Law and Human Rights
A new stoicism
Happiness : personhood, community, purpose
Governance matters : China's developing western region with a focus on Qinghai province
Once upon a time in hell
What about me? : the struggle for identity in a market-based society
The rebel
Ethics, faith, and reason
The problem of evil : selected readings
Shadow and bone
Moira : fate, good, and evil in Greek thought
Enhancing excellence of education in Egypt : experiences in promoting accreditation and quality assurance system
The strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Journey back to God : Origen on the problem of evil
The varieties of goodness
Sweep in peace
Panorama of evil : insights from the behavioral sciences
Commanding right and forbidding wrong in Islamic thought
A birthright of blood
Natural grace : dialogues on creation, darkness, and the soul in spirituality and science
A treatise of human nature
Eight prominent philosophers and theologians confront the problems posed by natural and human evil for theistic belief. Each thinker sets out his or her theodicy and its connections to current social and philosophical debates. The other contributors then offer critiques of each theodicy, to which its author subsequently responds. The result is a valuable introduction to philosophical and theological perspectives on contemporary evil and to the nature of discourse in the philosophy of religion.
The order of evils : toward an ontology of morals
Language, world and God : an essay in ontology
Evil : self and culture
Good and evil : an absolute conception
Armstrong's essential human resource management practice : a guide to people management
Depth psychology and a new ethic
We have evidence! : how vocational skills demonstrations have been implemented in practice : summary
The De malo of Thomas Aquinas
Evil and the God of love
Innovations in governance and public administration : replicating what works
The magic of thinking big
10 secrets for success and inner peace
The intelligence of evil or the lucidity pact
The many faces of evil : theological systems and the problems of evil
The witch's daughter
Clean sweep
