http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7254 feminism
feminism
"Walker provides a devastating critique of the gender, race, class, and other biases endemic to the theoretical-juridical model assumed in most nonfeminist ethics. Her own expressive-collaborative ethics of responsibility offers a persuasive alternative not only to the theoretical-juridical model but also to the ethics of care as that has been construed in many feminist discussions. Presenting feminist ethics in a somewhat unexpected light, this profound and original book reaches new levels of theoretical insight and moral understanding." -- Alison M. Jaggar, University of Colorado, Boulder.
Interrogating postfeminism : gender and the politics of popular culture
Dori stories : The complete Dori Seda
Gender myths and feminist fables : the struggle for interpretive power in gender and development
While scrutinizing the sometimes highly problematic forms feminism's presence within the academy can take, Knowing Feminisms looks at it as a source of new knowledge and new ways of working. The contributors, all well-known feminist academics, discuss the epistemological and ontological "borderlands" that feminisms inhabit withinalthough "other" toùthe academy. This volume addresses such fundamentally important questions for feminist academics and students as: Should feminists leave disciplines for Women's Studies, or do the disciplines retain desirable qualities? Is the idea of feminist pedagogy as "empowerment" actually one that de-skills? Does the feminist transformation of some academic disciplines signify that these are no longer significant sites of knowledge/power? Do the fundamental organizational features of disciplines and institutions depend on repressive means, or is it possible to transform these according to feminist principles? Are some disciplines and types of institution particularly resistant to feminist ideas? Is an intellectual "home" for feminism ever possible or desirable within academia, or is critical thinking best done from the margins? Can Women's Studies as an organizational presence within the university encompass dissenting positions on these foundational questions, or will it contain and control what can be said and by whom? These questions are rarely asked in such a concerted and thorough way as in Knowing Feminisms. The book will be essential reading for academics and students from across the social science.
Women in law and law-making in nineteenth and twentieth century Europe
Feminism, gender and universities : politics, passion and pedagogies
Fundamental feminism : contesting the core concepts of feminist theory
Talking back : thinking feminist, thinking black
Correct distance
Backwards in high heels : the impossible art of being female
Feminist theory, agency, and the liberatory subject : some reflections on the Islamic revival in Egypt
Intercourse : the twentienth anniversary edition
She who is : the mystery of God in feminist theological discourse
Feminist Fields offers a rich and varied portrait of both the current work in feminist anthropology and future possibilities for dialogue between feminism and anthropology. Contributors to the book present critical analyses of a broad range of ethnographic topics: national feminism, gender and identity formation, cultural continuity, ethnographic authority, ethics and representation, empowerment and resistance. Here, young practitioners alongside more established scholars share their theoretical insights, bringing them to life through first-person narratives and stories. Throughout, there is a clear sense of the intellectual inspiration to be had from the practice of feminist anthropology and its emphasis on the power of thoughtful reflexivity in fieldwork and writing practices. Also recognized is an urgent need to bring forward the perspectives of those whose knowledge has been forgotten, ignored, or actively silenced.
Marlene LeGates has written a thorough, lively and accessible overview of Western feminist movements from the Middle Ages through to the latter twentieth century. With each chapter containing a timeline and brief excerpts from primary source documents, the text serve as an ideal basis for a history of feminism or women's studies course, or as a supplementary text in a broader women's history or western civilization course. LeGates addresses such topics as sexual morality and the role of female visionaries in early Christian society, women's roles in utopian movements, revolutions in the early modern period, and suffrage and the second wave in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. The geographical scope of the book is also unique; it includes material on feminism from continental Europe, Great Britain, the United States, Canada and Latin America.
Into the mainstream
Farewell to media studies as a science : an analysis and critique of media studies, human sciences and their methodology
Encyclopedia of feminist literary theory
Feminist ethics and social policy
Feminism and nursing : an historical perspective on power, status, and political activism in the nursing profession
In the past decade the central principles of western feminist theory have been dramatically challenged. Many feminists have endorsed post-structuralism's rejection of essentialist theoretical categories, and have added a powerful gender dimension to contemporary critiques of modernity. Earlier concepts of "gender", "the body", "equality", and "women" have been radically undermined, and newer concerns with "difference", "identity", and "power" have emerged. Destabilizing Theory explores these developments in a set of specially commissioned essays by feminist theorists. Does this change amount to a real shift within feminist theory, or will feminism's links with an emancipatory modernism reinstate an older political agenda? Can we transcend the common counterposition of equality and difference, or is feminism condemned to argue within the terms of this binary opposition? Contributors include Griselda Pollock, Chandra Talpade Mohanty, Rosemary Pringle and Sophie Watson, Moira Gatens, Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak, Sylvia Walby, and Biddy Martin as well as the two editors. The essays deal with subject matter as wide-ranging as the state, experience, art, lesbianism, and the politics of translation, and engage with major debates in philosophy, political theory, and sociology.
A road unforeseen : women fight the Islamic State
Working out : new directions for women's studies
Summary in Finnish.
They told you you need to be thin and beautiful. They told you to wear longer skirts, avoid going out late at night and move in groups, never accept drinks from a stranger, and wear shoes you can run in more easily than heels. They told you to wear just enough make-up to look presentable but not enough to be a slut; to dress to flatter your apple, pear, hourglass figure, but not to be too tarty. They warned you that if you try to be strong, or take control, you'll be shrill, bossy, a ballbreaker. Of course it's fine for the boys, but you should know your place. They told you that's not for girls, take it as a compliment, don't rock the boat, that'll go straight to your hips. They told you 'beauty is on the inside', but you knew they didn't really mean it. Well screw that. I'm here to tell you something else. Hilarious, jaunty and bold, this book exposes the truth about the pressures surrounding body image, the false representations in media, the complexities of a sex and relationships, the trials of social media and all the other lies they told us.
Feminism is for everybody : passionate politics
Japanese anime and women's gender-role changing
Feminist politics after poststructuralism
Black feminist thought : knowledge, consciousness, and the politics of empowerment
Trouble in Transylvania : a Cassandra Reilly mystery
The science of herself
Theoretical perspectives on gender and development
Depression in / by / for women : agency, feminism and self-help in groups
Feminism without borders : decolonizing theory, practicing solidarity
The love children
Feminist phenomenology
The feminist papers : from Adams to de Beauvoir
What should we tell our daughters : the pleasures and pressures of growing up female
Braided lives : a novel
Feminism and Latvian literature
The sceptical feminist : a philosophical enquiry
Reflections on gender and science
The secret history of Wonder Woman
Maternal pasts, feminist futures : nostalgia, ethics, and the question of difference
Feminism in twentieth-century science, technology, and medicine
The Routledge companion to feminism and postfeminism
Including contributions from an international list of renowned authors, this text seeks to address the controversial issue of difference in feminist philosophy, using approaches from both analytic and continental thinking.
A diplomacy of the oppressed : new directions in international feminism
The raison d'être and legacy of feminist translation
A fine introduction to the bold, contentious, complicated women who categorically refused to be good little girls, and thereby changed the way our culture defines male-female relations.
Spectacles and artist-creators : representation of women through fashion on CD-ROM Ambitious bitch by Marita Liulia
Bad girls and dirty pictures : the challenge to reclaim feminism
Reading, writing, and rewriting the prostitute body
Feminity : the politics of the personal
Women in South African politics : rural Shangaan women in focus
In childhood, bell hooks was taught that "talking back" meant speaking as an equal to an authority figure and daring to disagree and/or have an opinion. In this collection of personal and theoretical essays, hooks reflects on her signature issues of racism and feminism, politics and pedagogy. Among her discoveries is that moving from silence into speech is for the oppressed, the colonized, the exploited, and those who stand and struggle side by side, a gesture of defiance that heals, making new life and new growth possible.
One-dimensional woman : the problem of universalism in feminist theory
Desperately seeking sisterhood : still challenging & building
Humor in feminist blogging and online activism
Woman questions : essays for a materialist feminism
Social policy : a feminist analysis
As one of the main players in the second wave of feminism, Sheila Tobias returns to Kate Millet's central tenet, “sexual politics,” and argues that it can still unite progressive men and women around a common set of goals. Providing a map of a complex terrain, Tobias details “generations” of issues, each more radical and therefore harder to tackle than the ones before. She sets the story in two contexts: feminism's own evolving strategies and America's political landscape. Even though her passion for feminism remains, she is not unwilling to critique the sisterhood and herself for failing to see, for example, that not every woman would be a feminist nor every man an enemy. In the heady first years, feminists forgot that deeper even than gender is the liberal/conservative divide in American politics.From the origins of the movement through feminist theory and new scholarship on women, Tobias traces the political history of the second wave and its comeuppance at the hands of Phyllis Schafly's StopERA - coincidental with the nation's careering toward the Right. Somehow, feminism survived the 1980s, but by having to fight brush fires throughout the Reagan-Bush presidencies, the movement lost some of its breadth and much of its taste for the mainstream. Because of her activism and her feeling for the period she chronicles, Tobias is at once inside and outside the issues of sexual preference, pornography, the draft, the Mommy Track, comparable worth, affirmative action, reproductive rights, and the challenges of equality versus difference.
Philosophy and feminist critisism : an introduction
Destabilizing theory : contemporary feminist debates
The second edition of this highly popular introduction includes a new preface and each chapter has been revised to keep it as up-to-date as possible. 'Introducing Feminist Theology remains a lively and stimulating 'first read' for anyone embarking on feminist theology, as well as a first rate resource for those wishing to refresh their acquiantaince with it. Despite claims in some quarters that 'feminism' has been surpassed by 'gender' this book explains how vital a feminist agenda remains, and how much is still to be done, both at the theological and the practical level, to transform Christianity from two centuries of male-gendered discourse and ecclesiastical structure into a religion that adequately reflects the life of modern women.
The single woman : a discursive investigation
Much work in feminist ethics has been rather abstract. The editors of this work believe that the time has come to assess the potential contribution of feminist ethical theory to the evaluation of specific social policies. If feminist ethics has indeed mobilized important paradigm shifts in normative analysis, then this should enable creative ways of reflection on social policy. Feminist ethics criticizes the gender blindness and biases in much traditional ethical theory, and develops new theories and concepts that are more gender sensitive. Feminist ethics also works to conceptualize issues of right action, social justice, and the human good from out of the specifically gendered experience of diverse groups of women. Feminist ethics has no single set of questions or propositions, but includes a variety of approaches as demonstrated by these essays—some operate within a liberal framework of equality, freedom, justice, and rights, while others are more critical of mainstream liberal versions of these concepts.
'I won't have time to be lonely,' Lisa snapped. 'I have a career to think of.' : empowerment and agency in Sushi for Beginners and The Other Side of the Story by Marian Keyes
Feminist utopias in a postmodern era
The way of all women
For more than two decades Lise Vogel has been an important voice in feminist theory. Woman Questions brings Drawing upon the life stori essays on socialist feminism, Marxist theory, and the problem of equality. The collection provides not only a compendium of one influential thinker's work, but a thoughtful overview of the evolution of US socialist feminism. The essays are grouped in three sections covering the relationship between feminism and socialism, the significance of the Marxist theoretical tradition for women's liberation, and issues of difference, diversity, and equality. A lengthy autobiographical introduction offers readers access to Vogel's personal story--of civil rights work in Mississippi, the early women's liberation movement, a radical career switch, and growing up in a politically active family.
Feminist theory from margin to center
Charts the development of feminist philosophy as a recognized contributor to intellectual debate, beginning with its origins outside the philosophical establishment in activism, cultural criticism, and social engagement. The fresh approaches of black feminists, lesbian philosophers, American Indian feminists, and ecological feminists are brought into the dialogue. In addition, Cole surveys feminist criticism of the traditional philosophical problems of metaphysics, epistemology, and ethics. She concludes that neither feminism nor philosophy thrives when viewed as the "property" of specialists or in-groups, but that feminist philosophy is a powerful, vital, and inclusive conversation about the concerns most basic to human beings. Suggestions for further readings at the end of each chapter assist students to explore subjects of interest in more depth.
Women's words : essay on French singularity
Who is Ana Mendieta?
My life on the road
Normalization and "outsiderhood" : feminist readings of a neoliberal welfare state
Sciences from below : feminisms, postcolonialities, and modernities
Junk feminism and nuclear wannabes : collaging parodies of Iran and North Korea
The female genius : voices and images in Angela Carter's and Kiki Smith's re-imaginations of "Little Red Riding Hood"
Dialogue is promoted by its supporters as a pluralising force capable of accommodating the moral disagreement inevitable in every sphere of human society, but this promise is widely and vehemently challenged. How are we to determine the principles upon which the dialogical exchange should take place? How should we think of ourselves as interlocutors? Should we associate dialogue with the desire for consensus? How should we determine decision-making? What are the gender dynamics of dialogical politics and how much do they matter? This book brings together internationally recognised expert authors from the fields of political and social theory, political philosophy and international relations to consider these controversial questions anew from a range of theoretical positions. The differences of opinions and clashes of views make for a fascinating and highly informative read.
Feminists revision history
This book is a review of some of the main variations of feminist theorizing since 1970. It charts the ways in which feminist thought has reconfigured the relationship between desire, power and academic discourse. It shows how feminist theorists have profoundly challenged the assumptions of social science, freely crossing disciplinary boundaries and giving shape to a new social criticism concerned not only with sexual difference, but also with the differences of race, class, ethnicity, nationality and sexuality.
Bodily interventions
Fifty key contemporary thinkers : from structuralism to postmodernity
Institutional ethnography as practice
This introductory textbook offers a concise and lucid account of the main developments in contemporary feminist thinking, and demonstrates the centrality of feminist thought to all areas of intellectual enquiry. In a wide-ranging discussion, Evans argues that most accounts of the world since the Enlightenment have been constructed in terms of a distinction between the public and the private which excluded women. Using both historical and more recent examples, she examines the breadth and complexity of feminist thinking, focusing on key themes such as the body, representation, engendering knowledge, and the relationship between women and the state. Evans argues that feminist thought seeks less to add to existing theory than to re-theorize the social and symbolic worlds; no contemporary account of these worlds, she suggests, is complete without a discussion of the implications of gender difference. This book offers a clear and coherent guide to contemporary feminism for students of women's studies, gender studies, sociology, social theory and literary theory.
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
Suffragette : my own story
Reconstructing political theory : feminist perspectives
Exploring the relationship between gender and law in Europe from the nineteenth century to present, this collection examines the recent feminisation of justice, its historical beginnings and the impact of gendered constructions on jurisprudence. It looks at what influenced the breakthrough of women in the judicial world and what gender factors determine the position of women at the various levels of the legal system.Every chapter in this book addresses these issues either from the point of view of women's legal history, or from that of gendered legal cultures. With contributions from scholars with expertise in the major regions of Europe, this book demonstrates a commitment to a methodological framework that is sensitive to the intersection of gender theory, legal studies and public policy, and that is based on historical methodologies. As such the collection offers a valuable contribution both to women's history research, and the wider development of European legal history.
In their time : a history of feminism in Western society
Feminist therapy - 40 years on..
AUTOBIOGRAPHY: GENERAL. Guardian columnist Lindy West wasn't always loud. It's difficult to believe she was once a nerdy, terror-stricken teen who wanted nothing more than to be invisible. Fortunately for women everywhere, along the road she found her voice - and how she found it! That cripplingly shy girl, who refused to make a sound, grew up to be one of the loudest, shrillest, most fearless feminazis on the internet, making a living speaking up for what's right instead of what's 'cool'. In Shrill, Lindy recounts how she went from being the butt of people's jokes, to telling her own brand of jokes - ones that come with a meaningful agenda and aren't at someone else's expense. She reveals the obstacles and misogyny she's had to overcome to make herself heard, in a society that doesn't believe women (especially fat women and feminists) can ever be funny.
The Bostonians
Women's studies on the edge
Introducing feminist theology
We should all be feminists
New French feminisms : an anthology
Gender-specific features of male/female interaction in a popular romantic novel by Barbara Cartland
Feminist thought : desire, power, and academic discourse
A leisure of one's own : a feminist perspective on women's leisure
Bad feminist : essays
How to be a woman
Women and fiction : feminism and the novel 1880-1920
A dialogue of voices : feminist literary theory and Bakhtin
Girls will be girls : dressing up, playing parts and daring to act differently
Living dolls : the return of sexism
Feminist theory has grown into a vast field. Feminist writers, thinkers, and activists have produced an often bewildering body of knowledge concerned with difference and diversity, identity and inequality, ethnicity, race, and class, as well as gender. Despite its growing influence, however, no single comprehensive text encompasses the past, present, and future of feminist theory. Contemporary Feminist Theories was inspired by a dissatisfaction with existing introductions, which often fail to fully track change and capture diversity within feminist thought. The volume draws on the expertise of a range of Western feminists in order to reflect the breadth of feminist theory as well as shifts within it. Each chapter maps the development of feminist thought in a particular area over time, and suggests future directions. Reflecting the diversity of feminist theory in fields from literature and linguistics to science and politics, this multi-disciplinary map of feminist thinking is an ideal classroom text.
Feminist fields : ethnographic insights
This collection of essays investigates elements of the human voice and performance, and their implications for gender and sexuality. The chapters address affect, pleasure, and memory in the enjoyment of musical and theatrical performance. Rosenberg also examines contemporary feminist performance, anti-racist interventions, activist aesthetics, and political agency especially with regard to feminist and queer interpretations of opera and theatre. She contextualizes her work within broader developments in gender and queer studies, and within the feminist movement by highlighting important contributions of artists who draw from the above to create performance. The book will be welcomed by opera and theatre lovers, students, academics, and the wider public that is interested in the performing arts and its queer feminist potential.
Feminine feminists : cultural practices in Italy
Democracy and difference
The problem of pornography : regulation and the right to free speech
Can a commitment to free speech be reconciled with the regulation of pornography? Easton explores and evaluates the feminist and liberal arguments to establish that it can. A text invaluable to anyone interested in this, the thorniest of issues.
Princesses behaving badly : real stories from history - without the fairy-tale endings
Feminism and poetry : language, experience, identity in women's writing
Feminist Amnesia is an important challenge to contemporary academic feminism. Jean Curthoys argues that the intellectual decline of university arts education and the loss of a deep moral commitment in feminism are related phenomena. The contradiction set up by the radical ideas of the 1960s, and institutionalised life of many of its protagonists in the academy has produced a special kind of intellectual distortion. This book criticises current trends in feminist theory from the perspective of forgotten and allegedly outdated feminist ideas. Jean Curthroys show that much contemporary feminist theory, like much of today's radical thought, is muddled. The 'forgotten' theory of Women's Liberation was, she argues, deeply oppositional and moral. The repression of this theory has led to distortions, most notabley in the preoccupation with binary oppositions. Jean Curthoys argues that where Women's Liberation was once radical, much of contemporary feminist thought hides behind obscurantism, and has become conservative and orthodox. These controversial ideas will be keenly debated by all those involved in womens's studies, feminist theory and moral philosophy.
Feminist locations : global and local, theory and practice
The whole woman
Literary women
Unspeakable things : Sex, lies and revolution
Power, dominance and the invisible practice of privilege : saving the other in the world of aid. The self-actualization of a development worker in Laos
African sisterhood : conseptualizing african feminist identity
Disturbing differences : feminist readings of identity, location and power : University of Turku, May 18-19, 2007 : programme, abstracts, workshops
Gender struggles : practical approaches to contemporary feminism
Only ever yours
Selected writings on feminism and socialism
Transforming global higher education  : a feminist perspective
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish letters with feminist approaches
Motherhood : a feminist perspective
In this outstanding collection of essays, contributed by some of America's leading feminist writers, the current terrain of American feminism is charted as never before. Covering a broad range of subjects and a diversity of approaches, this volume demonstrates just how far American feminism has come in developing distinctive and sophisticated strategies for combining theory and practice. While many of the writers represented have made their careers within the academy, their interests are never exclusively academic. Indeed, at the heart of this book lies a broad concern with the key social issues of our day. Thus, Catherine MacKinnon writes on sex equality under the law, Cynthia Enloe on international politics, bell hooks on cinematic representation of blackness, and Donna Haraway on the biopolitics of postmodern bodies.
The marriage plot
The witches of New York
Feminist Europa : review of books
Knowing the difference : feminist perspectives in epistemology
Faces of feminism : a study of feminism as a social movement
Bodies : exploring fluid boundaries
Feminism and socialism
Earth muse : feminism, nature, and art
The power of beauty
Reveal : a sacred manual for getting spiritually naked
Islamic feminism in Kuwait : the politics and paradoxes
Feminist amnesia : the wake of women's liberation
Reconstructing Womanhood, Reconstructing Feminism is the first British feminist anthology to examine concepts of womanhood and feminism within the context of 'race' and ethnicity. Challenging contemporary feminist theory, the book highlights ways in which constructions of womanhood have traditionally excluded black women's experience, and proposes a reconsideration of terms such as 'feminist'. The research subjects and methods of many of the contributors have been shaped by the specifics of the Black British experience and context. The collection brings together various ideas about 'difference' and identity. It covers a wide range of social and cultural issues including the position of black women in the church, lesbian identity in film, contemporary African feminism, and British immigration law.
How to raise a feminist
Feminist political togetherness : rethinking the collective dimension of feminist politics
Don't be quiet, start a riot! : essays on feminism and performance
Feminist perspectives in criminology
Gender issues in art education : content, contexts, and strategies
Faces of feminism : an activist's reflections on the women's movement
Becoming valuable selves : self-promotion, gender and individuality in late capitalism
Pointless Suffering no 1
Feminist stylistics
Compromises in L.M. Montgomery's Anne-serial : literary freedom within the restrictions of Victorian society
Reconstructing womanhood, reconstructing feminism : writings on black women
Looking elsewhere : staging the New Woman as feminine subject
Contemporary feminist scholarship has done much to challenge the many binary constructions at the heart of Western culture: white/nonwhite, theory/practice, and, most notably, masculine/feminine. Feminist criticism has reshaped these conceptions by breaking them apart and reconfiguring them into intersecting, relational fields of difference. The contributors to this collection look to the future of feminist theory and practice, specifically in terms of their complex relationship with the global and local configurations of postmodernity. In the first part of this book, current feminist theory is assessed for possible future directions. Part two focuses primarily on political issues and part three on questions of the body. Topics include feminist success versus social backlash, global women's human rights, postcolonial feminism, the politics of reproduction, and narratives of women's aging in postmodern culture.
Daring to be bad : radical feminism in America 1967-1975
Sex and violence : the meanings and gendering of sex acts in the treatment groups for intimately violent heterosexual men
Ethics: Classical Western Texts in Feminist and Multicultural Perspectives offers students a unique introduction to ethics by integrating the historical development of Western moral philosophy with both feminist and multicultural approaches. Engaging and accessible, it provides an introductory sampling of several of the classical works of the Western tradition in ethics and then situates these readings within feminist and multicultural perspectives so that they can be better understood and evaluated in our contemporary environment. While some of the non-Western works parallel the views defended in the Western works (e.g., Confucius's work echoes that of Plato or Aristotle), others question the Western perspectives (e.g., American Indian works provide an interesting challenge to Western moral philosophy). Confucius, Jorge Valadez, Ward Churchill, Moshoeshoe II, and Eagle Man present multicultural perspectives to the works of Plato, Aristotle, Hume, Kant, Nietzsche, Sartre, Rawls, MacIntyre, Korsgaard, and others. Noted feminists Christine de Pizan, Simone de Beauvoir, Carol Gilligan, Annette Baier, Susan Okin, and Rosemarie Radford Ruether also offer alternative views. Ideal for courses in introduction to ethics, history of ethics, and feminist ethics, Ethics: Classical Western Texts in Feminist and Multicultural Perspectives is also intriguing reading for interested general readers.
Philosophy : discipline analysis
In her controversial book Women's Words, Mona Ozouf argues that French feminism lacks the rancor and resentment of its counterparts in England and America and explains why this placid, even timid brand of feminism is uniquely French. Ozouf uses the woman's portrait, traditionally a male genre, to portray ten French women of letters whose lives span the period from the eve of the French Revolution to the resurgence of the feminist movement in the late twentieth century. She studies the letters and memoirs of Mme du Deffand, Mme de Charrière, Mme Roland, Mme de Staël, Mme de Rémusat, George Sand, Hubertine Auclert, Colette, Simone Weil, and Simone de Beauvoir. Rejecting the male constructions of femininity typical of this genre, Ozouf restores these women's voices in order to study their own often-conflicted attitudes toward education, marriage, motherhood, sex, and work, as well as the dilemma of writing in a literary world that did not support women's work. Ozouf claims that a uniquely French feminism informed these women's lives, one that stems from the great egalitarian spirit of the French Revolution and is more tolerant of difference than its American counterparts. She argues that as a result, modern French culture has not isolated women from men in the same ways as American and British cultures have done.
She-Q : why women should mentor men and change the world
Germaine Greer proclaims that the time has come to get angry again! Modern feminism has become the victim of unenlightened complacency, and what started out in the Sixties as a movement for liberation has become one that has sought and settled for equality. With fiery rhetoric, authoritative insight, outrageous humour and broad-ranging debate, Greer shows that, although women have indeed come a very long way in the last thirty years, the notion of our 'having it all' has disguised the persistent discrimination and exploitation that continues to exist for women in the basic areas of health, sex, politics, economics and marketing. Erudite, eccentric, provocative and invigorating, Germaine Greer once again sets the agenda for the future of feminism. Here is all the polemical power that sold over a million copies of The Female Eunuch and kept its author at the heart of controversy ever since. The Whole Woman was a No. 1 Sunday Times bestseller for five weeks when it was first published in 1999, and was hailed by the critics as a 'polemical bomb' (Guardian) and as required reading for thinking adults everywhere.
Reflections on 25 years
A collection of contributions from feminist researchers who attended the annual Women's Studies Network WSN conference in June 1995. Emphasizing theory, practice and campaigning, chapters seek to address contemporary issues from different perspectives - theoretical, practical and strategic.
The postmodern and political agency
The vagenda : a zero tolerance guide to the media
Introducing contemporary feminist thought
Theatre and feminist aesthetics
Shrill : notes from a loud woman
Wonder women : sex, power, and the quest for perfection
Bringing up kids with the confidence to change the world.-- Cover
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
Erotic ambiguities : the female nude in art
Women, science, and technology :  a reader in feminist science studies
Feminism : the essential historical writings
Offers an updated definition of feminism for the twenty-first century, one rooted in inclusion and awareness.
Gendering NATO : a feminist analysis of a military organization
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Spinster : making a life of one's own
American feminist thought at century's end : a reader
Possible subversions : the narrative construction of identity in Agnes Smedley's Daughter of Earth
Fat is a feminist issue
Pornography at different steges of girls psycho-social development : context, subject and changing meanings
The madwoman's underclothes : essays and occasional writings 1968-85
This article argues that insomuch as feminism is both an analytical and politically prescriptive project, it aims not only to analyze the situation of women in different historical and cultural locations but also to transform their conditions of subjugation. Consequently, feminist scholarship tends to accord freedom a normative status, and to emphasize those instances that exemplify women's desire to be free from relations of subordination. An important consequence of this tendency in feminist scholarship is to limit the conceptualization of agency to acts that further the moral autonomy of the individual in the face of power. Through an examination of the women's piety movement in Egypt, this article argues for uncoupling the notion of agency from that of resistance as a necessary step in thinking about forms of desire and politics that do not accord with norms of secular-liberal feminism and its liberatory telos.
Ethics : classical western texts in feminist and multicultural perspectives
A room of one's own and Three guineas
Published in 1937, twelve years before Orwell's 1984, Swastika Night projects a totally male-controlled fascist world that has eliminated women as we know them. Women are breeders, kept as cattle, while men in this post-Hitlerian world are embittered automatons, fearful of all feelings, having abolished all history, education, creativity, books, and art. The plot centers on a misfit who asks, “How could this have happened?”
This colorful and wealthy dictionary examines, explains and redefines many ideas and terms pertaining to women and patriarchal society.
Here are the essential historical writings of feminism. Many of these works, long out of print or forgotten in what Miriam Schneir describes as a male-dominated literary tradition, are finally brought out of obscurity and into the light of contemporary analysis and criticism. Included are more than forty selections, coveting 150 years of writings on women's struggle for freedom -- from the American Revolution to the first decades of the twentieth century. This updated, wide-ranging collection encompasses the crucial issues of women's oppression. A surprising degree of continuity between the ideas of the old and the new feminism is evident throughout. In her selection, Miriam Schneir has by passed writings that deal exclusively with the outdated topic of suffrage in an effort to focus attention on the still unsolved feminist problems: marriage as an instrument of oppression; woman's desire to control her own body; the economic independence of women; the search for selfhood.
Introducing feminism
Jesus : Miriam's child, Sophia's prophet : critical issues in feminist christology
The link between biology and feminism is well established in history. Even as recently as the nineteenth century, preeminent men of science employed skewed biological theorizing to explain the disadvantaged position of women in our society. These male scientists argued that women are mentally inferior to men by design of evolution. They erroneously "proved" that the female of the human species has a relatively smaller brain than the male, attributing this "difference" to the fact that the energy that women use to reproduce is drawn off at the expense of their intellectual development. At odds with nineteenth-century feminist critics, men such as Freud, Darwin, Broca, and Spencer did not assign the supposed inferiority of women to such factors as their decreased access to education, believing instead that tangible biological differences subjugated women to men. In the latter part of the twentieth century we again see a link between biology and feminism that expresses itself through women's health issues, reproductive rights, and ecofeminism. In Biology and Feminism: A Dynamic Interaction, Sue V. Rosser offers an intriguing explanation of the possible bias of biological theories. Rosser maintains that the modern scientific method, accepted as objective and factual, may instead be colored by the values and assumptions of the traditional, male scientist. Her study offers critiques of the traditional scientific research method from the viewpoint of a number of different feminist theories. Rosser also details the contribution of several eminent women of science, past and present, to illustrate the impact of feminism on biological theories, and points out that ironically, biology has had amuch greater impact on feminism than feminism has had on biology. Finding that the standard methods of teaching biology have changed little, Rosser presents models for transforming curricula. Her proposed changes aim to identify and correct unconscious biases and teach student store spect differences. Embracing a wide range of studies, this innovative and thoughtful commentary will be of use to biology, health sciences, women's studies, anthropology, sociology, psychology, and history students alike.
Sisters of the revolution : a feminist speculative fiction anthology
Feminist filmtheorists : Laura Mulvey, Kaja Silverman, Teresa de Lauretis, Barbara Creed
The accidental feminist : how Elizabeth Taylor raised our consciousness and we were too distracted by her beauty to notice
Approachable for general readers as well as for students in women's studies related courses at all levels, this invaluable guide follows the unique Companion format in combining over a dozen in-depth background chapters with more than 400 A-Z dictionary entries. The background chapters are written by major figures in the field of feminist studies, and include thorough coverage of the history of feminism, as well as extensive discussions of topics such as Postfeminism, Men in Feminism, Feminism and New Technologies and Feminism and Philosophy. The dictionary entries cover the major individuals and issues essential to an understanding both of feminism's roots and of the trends that are shaping its future. Readers will find entries on people such as Aphra Behn, Simone de Beauvoir, Princess Diana, Courtney Love and Robert Bly, and on subjects such as Afro-American feminism, cosmetic surgery, the 'new man', prostitution, reproductive technologies and 'slasher' films.
Baudrillard's challenge : a feminist reading
A sky without eagles : selected essays and speeches 2010-2014
Moral understandings : a feminist study in ethics
Abstract: The modern nation and missing genders.
Biology & feminism : a dynamic interaction
Knowing feminisms : on academic borders, territories and tribes
Abstract: Women's voices and peripheral politics : feminist interpretations of the transition of stage in the Ireland of the 1990's.
I don't know why she bothers : guilt-free motherhood for thoroughly modern women
Feminist politics - colonial/postcolonial worlds
This book is about women studies. Alice Rossi well written preface " the essential work of feminism" published over a period of 200 years. from Adams to de Beauvoir. Rossi notes that while achieving men are considered creative, achieving women are thought of as neurotic. Her disagreement with this kind or orientation set the tine for her introduction, which is, nevertheless, critically balanced and insightful concerning the development of feminist minds.
Has higher education been transformative over the last three decades? This question is double-edged, based upon a reprise of Professor David's education and social research. What influences have second wave feminists, drawing on feminism as the key social movement of the twentieth century, had on the pedagogies and practices in global higher education? Aspiring academics aimed for gender and social justice through inclusive pedagogies in higher education or lifelong learning. Ideas about inclusive pedagogies have begun to percolate into forms of mass higher education in the 21st century, linked to widening access and participation in higher education. Yet the expansion of higher education and the knowledge economy has been more about transforming global labour markets than it has been about social or gender justice. Higher education has indeed expanded and afforded diverse opportunities for participation as students and as researchers or academics, yet these transformations maintain systemic inequalities.
Dialogue, politics and gender
The big feminist but : Comics about women, men and IFs, ANDs & BUTs of feminism
Afrofuturism : the world of black sci-fi and fantasy culture
Amazons, bluestockings and crones : a feminist dictionary
Be awesome : modern life for modern ladies
Feminism and philosophy : essential readings in theory, reinterpretation, and application
Contemporary feminist theories
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
Bringing together 44 essays, "The Knowledge Explosion" documents the problems and possibilities for Women's Studies across various academic disciplines and exposes the resistance to women's initiatives, authority and autonomy. Various prominent international scholars and activists offer insights into the critical debates surrounding the nature of knowledge, the multiple realities of female experience, difference, dominance and the politics of research.
The work of the Russian theorist Mikhail Bakhtin, particularly his notions of dialogics and genre, has had a substantial impact on contemporary critical practices. Until now, however, little attention has been paid to the possibilities and challenges Bakhtin presents to feminist theory, the task taken up in A Dialogue of Voices. The original essays in this book combine feminism and Bakhtin in unique ways and, by interpreting texts through these two lenses, arrive at new theoretical approaches. Together, these essays point to a new direction for feminist theory that originates in Bakhtin-one that would lead to a feminine être rather than a feminine écriture. Focusing on feminist theorists such as Hélène Cixous, Teresa de Lauretis, Julia Kristeva, and Monique Wittig in conjunction with Bakhtin's concepts of dialogism, heteroglossia, and chronotope, the authors offer close readings of texts from a wide range of multicultural genres, including nature writing, sermon composition, nineteenth-century British women's fiction, the contemporary romance novel, Irish and French lyric poetry, and Latin American film. The result is a unique dialogue in which authors of both sexes, from several countries and different eras, speak against, for, and with one another in ways that reveal their works anew as well as the critical matrices surrounding them.
Unspeakable things : sex, lies and revolution
Pimp state : sex, money and the future of equality
The knowledge explosion : generations of feminist scholarship
Feminist ethics
Keeping alive the symbol : a case study of the Israeli and Palestinian women of the Jerusalem Link
The invention of wings
