http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7259 goodness
goodness
Salem Brownstone : all along the watchtowers
Destined for evil? : the twentieth-century responses
When my heart was wicked
Aesthetics and morality
The social psychology of morality : exploring the causes of good and evil
Political ponerology : a science on the nature of evil adjusted for political purposes
Think no evil : Korean values in the age of globalization
The Lucifer effect : how good people turn evil
The ethics of altruism
Horrendous evils and the goodness of God
Made for goodness : and why this makes all the difference
Detailed Contents; Lecture 1. The Problem of Evil and the Argument from Evil; Lecture 2. The Idea of God; Lecture 3. Philosophical Failure; Lecture 4. The Global Argument from Evil; Lecture 5. The Global Argument Continued; Lecture 6. The Local Argument from Evil; Lecture 7. The Sufferings of Beasts; Lecture 8. The Hiddenness of God; Notes; Works Cited; Index.
Goodness, God, and evil
The kindness of children
Plague of ice
In the whirlwind : God and humanity in conflict
The death ray
Good omens : the nice and accurate prophecies of Agnes Nutter, witch
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West : a novel
Return of the damned
Ibn Taymiyya's Theodicy of perpetual optimism
The enigma of good and evil : the moral sentiment in literature
The heart of religion : spiritual empowerment, benevolence, and the experience of God's love
A walk to remember
Good and evil : Quaker perspectives
Eretica : the transcendent and the profane in contemporary art
Oath of Nerull
Trouble with strangers : a study of ethics
Can God be free?
The vast amount of suffering in the world is often held as a particularly powerful reason to deny that God exists. Highly accessible and carefully argued, Peter van Inwagen's book maintains that such reasoning does not hold, and that suffering should not undermine belief in God. - ;It is generally supposed that the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering, much of it truly horrible suffering, confronts those who believe in an all-powerful and benevolent Creator with a serious problem: to explain why such a Creator would permit this. Many reflective people are convinced that the problem, the problem of evil, is insoluble. The reasons that underlie this conviction can be formulated as a powerful argument for the non-existence of God, the so-called argument from evil: If there were a God, he would not permit the existence of vast amounts of truly horrible suffering; since such suffering exists, there is no God. Peter van Inwagen examines this argument, which he regards as a paradigmatically philosophical argument. His conclusion is that (like most philosophical arguments) it is a failure. He seeks to demonstrate, not that God exists, but the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering does not show that God does not exist.
Youre A Bad Man, Mr. Gum!
Surviving death
Goodness and justice : Plato, Aristotle, and the moderns
Reclaiming goodness : education and the spiritual quest
The cure for modern life : a novel
The moral landscape : how science can determine human values
The living dead
On evil
The cultural image of good mother in three generations
The wall
"Far-off gleams of evangelium" : a study of how J. R. R. Tolkien's The lord of the rings reflects the biblical "Kingdom of Heaven"
The atrocity paradigm : a theory of evil
Connor's brain
The bloody eye
Time, conflict, and human values
Return to good and evil : Flannery O'Connor's response to nihilism
Oliver Twist, or, The parish boy's progress
Schelling now : contemporary readings
The right and the good
Desire, practical reason, and the good
Self-realization : an outline of ethics
Oliver Twist
Narrating evil : a postmetaphysical theory of reflective judgment
The verbal and the visual : essays in honor of William Sebastiab Heckscher / edited by Karl-Ludwig Selig and Elizabeth Sears
A common humanity : thinking about love and truth and justice
The satanic verses : a novel
Philosophy : the basics
A Little Princess
The idiot
God, goodness and philosophy
Evil in Africa : encounters with the everyday
The many faces of evil : theological systems and the problems of evil
Theory of virtue : excellence in being for the good
Summary.
Does belief in God yield the best understanding of value? Can we provide transcendental support for key moral concepts? Does evolutionary theory undermine or support religious moralities? Is divine forgiveness unjust? Can a wholly good God understand evil? Should philosophy of religion proceed in a faith-neutral way? Public and academic concerns regarding religion and morality are proliferating as people wonder about the possibility of moral reassurance, and the ability of religion to provide it, and about the future of religion and the relation between religious faiths. This book addresses current thinking on such matters, with particular focus on the relationship between moral values and doctrines of the divine. Leading scholars in the field, test the scope of philosophy of religion, and engage with the possibilities and difficulties of attempting trans-faith philosophy. Chapters also relate to a number of cross-disciplinary contemporary debates: on evolution and ethics; politics, justice and forgiveness; and, the relation between reason and emotions. Another set of chapters tests the coherence of Anselmian theism and concepts of an Omni-God in relation to divine knowledge and goodness. This book will be of interest to scholars and undergraduates in philosophy of religion, as well as moral philosophers, philosophers of science, theologians, and those working in theology and science.
The good, the true and the beautiful : a quest for meaning
The psychology of good and evil
Moira : fate, good, and evil in Greek thought
The fragility of goodness
Ideas of good and evil
The cleaner of Chartres
The Christmas angel
Evil, good and gender : facets of the feminine in Zoroastrian religious history
Oxford studies in metaethics. Volume 8
What is good and why : the ethics of well-being
Treachery's wake
Moral reality
Immanuel Kant's Groundwork for the metaphysics of morals : a commentary
In the light of Christ : writings in the Western tradition
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West
The fragility of goodness : [column]
Nietzsche and Levinas : "after the death of a certain God"
Chronicler of the winds
Nefer : the aesthetic ideal in classical Egypt
Identity \ difference : democratic negotiations of political paradox
Public and academic concerns regarding religion and morality are proliferating as people wonder about the possibility of moral reassurance, the ability of religion to provide it and about the future of religion and the relation between religious faiths. This book addresses current thinking on such matters, with particular focus on the relationship between moral values and doctrines of the divine. Leading scholars in the field test the scope of philosophy of religion and engage with the possibilities and difficulties of attempting trans-faith philosophy.
The last good man
The problem of evil
In this examination of the questions posed by the problem of evil, John Feinberg addresses the intellectual and theological framework of theodicy. Beginning with a discussion of the logical problem of evil, he interacts with leading thinkers who have previously written on these themes.
"Archbishop Desmond Tutu has witnessed some of the world's darkest moments, for decades fighting the racist government policy of aprtheid and since then being an ambassador of peace amidst political, diplomatic, and natural disasters. Yet people continue to find him one of the most joyful and hopeful people they have encountered. In Made for Goodness, Tutu shares his source of strength and optimism. Written with his daughter, Mpho, who is also an ordained Anglican minister, Tutu argues that God has made us for goodness, and when we simply start walking in the direction of this calling, God is there to meet us, encourage us, embrace us. God has made the world as a grand theater for us to work out this call to goodness; it is up to us to live up to this calling, but God is there to help us every step of the way. So tackling our worst problems takes on new meaning and is bostered with hope and the expectation that that is exactly where God will show up. Father and daughter offer an inspiring message of hope that will transform readers into activists for change and blessing".
The savage caves
Natural goodness
Connor began his second life at the age of fifteen. He started it with a thirty-mile-an-hour brain. Connor's first life ended when a virus in his brain stripped him of almost everything - his memory, language and a sense of time. Now Connor lives in a permanent present that he doesn't understand. The 'new' Connor doesn't recognise or remember his parents, his brother, his friends - or his girlfriend Hattie. New-Connor can't remember the old Connor, but there are people who can. People who have reasons to keep him quiet - or to hurt him. Because old-Connor had a dark past.
The intelligence of evil or the lucidity pact
You're a bad man, Mr Gum!
Witches and demons : a comparative perspective on witchcraft and satanism
The ascension mysteries : revealing the cosmic battle between good and evil
Good people
