http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7250 form (structural)
form (structural)
Theoretical morphology : approaches in modern linguistics
Predicting the growth response to thinning for Scots pine stands using individual-tree growth models
Landscape mosaic in the treeline ecotone on Mt Rodjanoaivi, Subarctic Finland
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Force fields : between intellectual history and cultural critique / Martin Jay
The automatic induction of morphological regularities
Map of the sources of Snake River : with its tributaries together with portions of the headwaters of the Madison and Yellowstone from surveys and observations of the Snake River Expedition
Rectal bioavailability of ibuprofen from hard gelatin capsules containing sodium phosphates as adjuvants and soft gelatin capsules or suppositories as references
The internationalization through franchising : choices, learning and contract terms in the full-service restaurant industry
Form function in architecture. Volume 2, Gothenburg Law Court Annex, Säynätsalo Town Hall, Phillips Exeter Academy Library
Cognitive Onomastics : a reader
Sacred geometry : philosophy and practice / Robert Lawlor
The origin of agent markers
Phonology, morphology and morphophonemics
Effects of direct payments on farm performance : the case of dairy farms in northern EU countries
Heat Conduction & Heat Pump Technologies
Discontinuity as theoretical foundation to pedagogy:existential phenomenology in Otto Friedrich Bollnow’s philosophy of education
The craft of fiction
The rise of blended learning - students’ perspectives
The postmodern short story : forms and issues
English words from Latin and Greek elements
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng.
Musical morphology
Buy-to-let investments in Spain : Investing as a Private Person versus Establishing a Company
Flatland : a romance of many dimensions
Faux taxidermy knits : 15 wild animal knitting patterns
Disambiguation of morphological analysis in Bantu languages
Morphological structure, lexical representation and lexical access
Focus on form : J. J. Tikkanen, Giotto and art research in the 19th century / Johanna Vakkari
The ment model : complex states in finite state morphology
An introduction to morphology and syntax
Shape reconstruction from generalized projections
In this review I examine the geographical patterns of the Finnish mires and the role of regional and local factors that lead to their spatial differentiation. Finland can be divided into three roughly latitudinal mire zones (from south to north): the raised bog zone, the aapa mire zone, and the palsa mire zone. The development of the raised bogs is linked to the dominance of Sphagnum, leading to the growth of a thick peat layer that rises above the level of the mineral soil. The gross morphology of an aapa mire is typically inclined and concave. Here, Sphagnum species are less dominant, probably due to spring floods which keep the mire surface minerotrophic. Both raised bogs and aapa mires have typically regularly-patterned microtopography. Seasonal movements of microtopographical features of the aapa mires reflect the morphological dynamism of the mires. Mires are also important sources of information regarding past environmental changes. Their growth pattern is affected by environmental conditions and they respond sensitively to the changes in effective humidity and other climatic variables. Most of the present microtopographical patterns have formed during the last 3,000 years as a response to gradual cooling of climate. Research on Finnish peat deposits has shown, however, that not all peat-stratigraphical changes are caused by past climate variations. They can also be due to the natural growth dynamics of the mires, such as the long-term development towards drier conditions on the surface of the raised bogs, the rhythmic growth pattern of the low hummocks, and the local changes in water table resulting from growth of hummocks and hollows.
Genetic and phenotypic variation of the moose <i>(Alces alces)</i>
Old Icelandic and modern Icelandic : the morphological continuity
What you must know about photographing people -- Equipment basics -- Working with light -- Composing your portraits -- Capturing portraits -- Families and groups -- Kids -- Babies -- Action shots -- Postproduction, sharing, and saving.
Catenary arch and catenary shell : mathematical shapes behind functional form ever since the comb ceramic period
The morphology of Koine Greek, as used in the Apocalypse of St. John : a study in bilingualism
English summary: Character names taking shape : Word formation, structure and meaning relationships of Finnish-language personal names in full-length, animated Disney feature films.
The language of shape : the role of curvature in condensed matter : physics, chemistry and biology
Looking and seeing. 4, The shape of towns
Plant biomechanics : an engineering approach to plant form and function
Morphologie : ein internationales Handbuch zur Flexion und Wortbildung = Morphology : an international handbook of inflection and word-formation. 1. Halbband/Volume 2
Repeatability in automatic sorting of curved Norway spruce saw logs
Modelling the rejection probability of a quality test consisting of multiple measurements
Clothes make magic
Morphology
A complex case : a morphosyntactic approach to complexity in early child language
Grammar-based Data Extraction Language (GDEL)
Color, form and space
Exploring visual design : the elements and principles
HFST tool for morphology: An efficient open-source package for construction of morphological analyzers
Improvement of first impression by wearing clothing and accessories recommended by body line analysis
The dialectic of artistic form
Hugo Häring : the organic versus the geometric
In search of new means of expression : experimenting with form / S. S.
The dynamics of foreign versus second language development in Finnish writing
Abstract (s. 4) .
On the organization of the lexicon
You need another chorus : problems with formal concepts in popular music
The A B C guide to pictures / by Charles H. Caffin
Follows Huckle Cat through a busy day at school, as he learns the alphabet, enjoys the playground, and participates in show and tell.
A practical approach to the study of form in music
Societas Europea – The new European Company : The one fits all Model, facilitating European Trade?
Practical Business Establishment in Finland : Case: Vietasia private trader
Topics in Uduk phonology and morphosyntax
Genetic variation in functional and structural productivity determinants in poplar
Geometry in nature : exploring the morphology of the natural world through projective geometry
An introduction to each of the iPod's onboard applications: connecting to the internet, sending and receiving e-mail, listening to music, watching videos, and synchronizing calendars.  In addition there are hints, tips and suggestions to make the most of the iPod's hidden potential.
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Shapes]
The modern theory of solids
Morphological analysis of Finnish : a heuristic approach
Phonology, morphology, and morphophonemics : general theory with applications to Finnish
Comparison of the polymorphs and solvates of two analogous fungicides a case study of the applicability of a supramolecular synthon approach in crystal engineering
Mires of Finland: Regional and local controls of vegetation, landforms, and long-term dynamics
Looking and seeing. 3, The shapes we need
Morphological autonomy : perspectives from Romance inflectional morphology
Form follows nature : a history of nature as model for design in engineering, architecture and art = Form follows nature : eine Geschichte der Natur als Modell für Formfindung in Ingenieurbau, Architektur und Kunst
Working papers in grammatical theory and discourse structure : interactions of morphology, syntax, and discourse
Patterns in Estonian bogs as depicted in color kite aerial photographs
The idexical element in morphology
Attitude as method : beyond dullness - where beauty was not the thing
The handbook of morphology
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Defining morphology : a principled approach to determining the boundaries of compounding, derivation and inflection
Plato's forms : varieties of interpretation
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Branches]
Yearbook of morphology
The planting design handbook
The forms of music
Hungarian morphological irregularities
No abstract
American earlier Black English : morphological and syntactic variables
An experiment with automatic morphological analysis of Finnish
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
Regional crown profile models were derived for three conifer species of the interior northwestern USA from terrestrial laser scans of eighty-six trees across a range of sizes and growing conditions. Equations were developed to predict crown shape from crown length for Pseudotsuga menziesii, Pinus ponderosa, and Abies lasiocarpa from parametric curves applied to crown-length normalized laser point clouds. The 95th width percentile adequately described each crown's outer limit; alternate width percentiles produced little profile shape variation. For P. menziesii and P. ponderosa, a scaling parameter-modified beta curve gave the most accurate fit (using cross-validated Mean Absolute Error) to aggregated 95th width percentile points. For A. lasiocarpa, beta and Weibull curves (equivalently modified) produced similar results. For all species, modified beta and Weibull curves fit crown points with less error than conic or cylindrical profiles. Crown profile curves were species-specific; interchanging among species increased error significantly. Laser-derived crown base metrics provided objectivity and consistency, but underestimated field-derived base heights through inclusion of dead branches. Profile curve parameters were not correlated with tree or stand characteristics suggesting that crown shape is not strongly conditioned by size and site factors. However, laser sampling necessarily favored more open growing conditions, potentially under-representing variations in crown shape associated with social position. Overall, Terrrestrial Laser Scanning (TLS) lends itself to detailed measurements of external crown architecture with occlusion-imposed limits to characterization of internal features. Yet, the time and cost of collecting and processing individual tree data precludes use of TLS as a common field sampling tool.
Musical form, forms & Formenlehre : three methodological reflections
Non-distorting farm support to enhance global food production
Complete digital photography
The earth's shape and gravity
Distributed multi-objective optimization methods for shape design using evolutionary algorithms and game strategies
Richard Scarry's great big schoolhouse
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Flow]
Morphology and its demarcations : selected papers from the 11th Morphology Meeting, Vienna, february 2004
Comparisons, regimes, elections : festschrift for Lauri Karvonen
Morphology : the descriptive analysis of words
Taking your iPod touch to the max
Enhancing organizational ambidexterity of the Finnish Defence Forces’ supply chain management
Reductive and generative approaches to morphological variation of keywords in monolingual information retrieval
Empirical studies on multiangular, hyperspectral, and polarimetric reflectance of natural surfaces
Bibliography of morphology, 1960-1985
Development of virtual learning material
Rakennustaiteesta ympäristönsääntelyyn = From architecture to environmental regulation the deception form
Business subsidies and bureaucratic behaviour : a revised approach
Musical form
Shapes of forms : from gestalt psychology and phenomenology to ontology and mathematics
Multidisciplinary Design Optimization in an integrated CAD/FEM environment
"Over 66 basic aspects of architecture are comprehensively covered with over 5,000 words in a visual context, to help visual thinkers clarify meanings. Comprehensive index permits the reader to locate any important word in the text. Oversized pages help present complicated material in easy-to-comprehend spreads. - Written by one of the most famous architectural authors --Frank Ching's name alone is a key selling feature for this book--he has earned the respect and trust of designers, design educators, and students around the world"--
Prototyping new interaction style : a case study in designing deformable mobile devices
The morphology of Chinese : a linguistic and cognitive approach
Shakespeare's idea of art
Polymorphism and versatile solvate formation of thiophanate-methyl
Conifer crown profile models from terrestrial laser scanning
Operation mode choice and efficiency in the context of perceived uncertainty : case of Finnish firms in Asia
On the existence of optimal shapes in contact problems : perfectly plastic bodies
Yearbook of morphology. 1991
From concept to form : in landscape design
Experienced and expected support needs in local sustainable energy action planning (SEAP)
Carnival biscuit and the distinctive shape
Form & formlessness : questioning aesthetic abstractions through art projects, cross-disciplinary studies and product design education
The objective of this paper is to differentiate the landscape in the treeline ecotone in Subarctic Finland with an examination of its mosaic structure and functional role in treeline dynamics. Highly varying topography is a key factor controlling drainage conditions, vegetation, local climates and soils. Natural drainage classes, soil data (pH, Corg, Nt, C/N ratio, moisture) and dominant vegetation were used to characterize site conditions and to show the grouping of six representative sites along a synthetic topographical transect (model). The abrupt increase in soil moisture and pH values at the distal end of the lowest zones indicates a relatively sharp and ecologically important limit between well drained sites (ridge tops, upper valley side, interfluves) and valleys with both poorly and very poorly drained sites. Remains of birch wood in wind-scarps, hummocks and peaty layers give evidence of former open birch forest in present treeless sites. Forest decline has enforced the contrasts in site conditions between windswept and snow accumulating topography. The landscape mosaic and resultant site conditions are strongly influencing treeline dynamics and consequently, the landscape mosaic needs to be carefully considered when discussing the possible effects of the changing climate in the treeline ecotone.
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Style and meaning : studies in the detailed analysis of film
Aspects of administrative support in implementing inclusive education :  a case study of three finnish comprehensive schools
Morphological aspects of the language of the Jurchen script
Typeforms : a history
Dressmaking to flatter your shape
Art as experience
Basic forms in music
Input and interaction in deaf families
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Phonology, morphology and morphophonemics : general theory with applications to Finnish
Abstract: Order or autonomy? The concept of power in the Finnish constitutional debate of 1918.
Access to Finnish law
The concept of form and its change in the music of the Beatles
This new edition uses full-color photos to demonstrate how to work with lighting, location, angle, composition, physical characteristics, and environment in either portrait or candid situations. Professional photographer and veteran author Erin Manning offers invaluable advice for handling the unique challenges of photographing babies, large and small groups, and action.
Endovascular and surgical revascularizations for chronic lower limb ischemia : 5- to 10-year outcome
The existence of intangible content in architectonic form : based upon the practicality of Laotzu's philosophy
Philip Taaffe : the life of forms : works 1980-2008 : Kunstmuseum Wolfsburg, March 8 - June 29, 2008 / with contributions by Brooks Adams ... [et al.] ; [concept: Holger Broeker ; editing: Holger Broeker, Julia Wallner]
Trinny & Susannah : the body shape bible : forget your size, discover your shape, transform yourself
Anglo-Scandinavian language contacts and word order change in early English
Early Middle English word formation : semantic aspects of derivational affixation in the AB language
Irish sign language : a cognitive linguistic account
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
Summary.
Problems of form
The basic forms of cinematography : form, rhythm, colour and relativity
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
The photography teacher's handbook : practical methods for engaging students in the flipped classroom
Changing spaces of education : new perspectives on the nature of learning
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 2, Vision II
The counterfactive mood in Forest Enets and its origin
Extragrammatical and marginal morphology
Indirectivity and resultativity in Tundra Nenets
Virtuality and digital nomadism : an introduction to the LIVE Project (1997-2000)
Looking and seeing. 2, The development of shape
Form and style in journalism : European newspapers and the presentation of news, 1880-2005
Development of rectally administered prolonged-release hard gelatin capsules using different polymers as diluents
Point and line to plane / Wassily Kandinsky
Language universals and linguistic typology : syntax and morphology
Unveiling the story through portraits : portraiture in social-artistic work
Form & space in Japanese architecture
Väike vormisõnastik = Kratkij morfologičeskij slovar' èstonskogo âzyka = A concise morphological dictionary of Estonian. 2, Sõnastik & lisad
The shape of bogs from a hydrological point of view
The literary works of Leonardo da Vinci
Looking and seeing. 1, Pattern and shape
Arb SE in some non-finite contexts of Spanish and Portugese : reconsidering a puzzling problem
The grown-up siblings : history and functions of Western Uralic *kse
Comments on the Morphology of Nouns in Mishnaic Hebrew: Nouns attested and unattested in Biblical Hebrew
Slope tectonics
Beyond Orpheus : studies in musical structure
Business Angels in Brazil : starting up a venture to unite Brazilian entrepreneurs and foreign investors
The rise of blended learning : students' perspectives
Growth, crown structure and seed production of birch seedlings, grafts and micropropagated plants
The body (un)defined
Do more faster : techstars lessons to accelerate your startup
Word-class tagging : some computational tools
A study in inflectional morphologic development : Old and Middle Yiddish
1,001 facts about Planet Earth
Morphology in comparison
Architecture : form, space and order
Renaissance literature and its formal engagements
Frequence considerations in morphology, revisited : finnish verbs differ, too
A new concept of poetic formulae based on prototype theory and the mental template
A sketch of the phonology and grammar of Rajbanshi
During the recent years blended learning has become more common strategy in higher education. In Oulu University of Applied Sciences School of Business and Information Management blended learning was developed in a project where about 20 teachers from two degree programs developed courses from the point of view of individual, blended and online learning. A focus group interview was organised with voluntary students in order to get insights to student's experiences.     Students wish that they would have activities and feedback along the course - not big assignments or exam at the end of the course. Blended learning should be tied to real life cases which are connected to theories. Two-way interaction plays a critical role when blended learning is used in order to avoid the isolation of students. Learning Cafe type of assignments, where talented students' expertise could be used in coaching, received excellent feedback because of the better interaction.
Expressing social distance in Polish discourse : the use of the grammatical category of person
Morphology : a study of the relation between meaning and form
"The contents of the book are skillfully divided: quizzes and assignments are provided; there are interesting studies of the origins of phrases and place names, of mythological references, of medical and military usage... The correct English usage of the words studied is illustrated with an impressive collection of examples." - The Classical Bulletin.
Muoto : finnish design magazine
Morphological productivity : structural constraints in English derivation
Poetry into song : performance and analysis of lieder
Many morphologies
Íslensk beygingafræđi = Isländische Formenlehre = Icelandic inflections
Turnarounds, cycles & II/V7's : For all instruments : Intermediate/advanced
Towards a theory of aspectual nesting for new testament Greek
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
Some observations on the structure of the guiot charrete
Application of time-dependent many-body perturbation theory to excitation spectra of selected finite model systems
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Principles of historical morphology
The clown as a form-creating principle in the Shakespearean corpus
Toward an aesthetic criticism of technology
The body shape bible : forget your size, discover your shape, transform yourself
Fitness consequences of egg shape variation: a study on two passerines and comments on the optimal egg shape model
Form in tonal music : an introduction to analysis
Usually geomorphology, structural geology and engineering geology provide descriptions of slope instability in quite distinctive ways. This new research is based on combined approaches to providing an integrated view of the operative slope processes. 'Slope Tectonics' is the term adopted here to refer to those deformations that are induced or fully controlled by the slope morphology, and that generate features which can be compared to those created by tectonic activity. Such deformation can be induced by the stress field in a slope which is mainly controlled by gravity, topography and the geological setting created by the geodynamic context. The content of this book includes slope-deformation characterization using morphology and evolution, mechanical behaviour of the material, modes of failure and collapse, influence of lithology and structural features, and the role played by controlling factors. The contributions cover broad aspects of slope tectonics that attempt to underline a multidisciplinary approach, which should create a better framework for studies of slope instability.--
Stem straightness and compression wood in a 22-year-old stand of container-grown Scots pine trees
Prior linguistic knowledge matters : the use of the partitive case in Finnish learner language
A visual dictionary of architecture
Digital nature photography and Adobe Photoshop
Engineering a new architecture
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Priming capacities of endophytic <em>Methylobacterium</em> sp. on potato (<em>Solanum tuberosum</em> L.)
Bantu phonology and morphology
Le Corbusier : an analysis of form
Biodiversity policies in commercial boreal forests : optimal design of subsidy and tax combinations
Shaping of food microstructures
Organic acids as excipients in matrix granules for colon-specific drug delivery
X-bar theory and morphological juncture
Search for form : a fundamental approach to art / Eliel Saarinen
Computational Studies of NMR and magneto-optical rotation parameters in water
The concept of form and its change in the singles of the Beatles
Materials and techniques of twentieth-century music
The teapot : an appreciation
Looking and seeing. 2, The development of shape : notes for teachers
The system of geometric design : islamic art and architecture
Sonata Forms : Charles Rosen; Author of the classical style
Form in music : an examination of traditional techniques of musical form and their applications in historical and contemporary styles
Grant information for researchers
Sonata forms
Beachwatch : the effect of daily morphodynamics on seasonal beach evolution
The syntax of words
Mitochondrial form and function in pancreatic β-cells and brown adipocytes
Portrait and candid photography photo workshop
A Data Conversion Program for μShapeTM Binary File
The desk lamp : an appreciation
Probabilistic modeling of landscape development and surface water body formation
Ipod touch for dummies
Musical morphology : a discourse and a dictionary
Architecture : form, space, & order
Syntactic effects of morphological change
"So much more  than just a web course"
Lohturetoriikkaa modernismiin pettyneille = Comfort rhetoric for those disappointed with modernism
The development of morphological systematicity : a cross-linguistic perspective
Murder from an academic angle : the development of detective-fiction criticism
Yearbook of morphology 1994
Impacts of state aid rules on the voluntary tasks of municipalities in support of local livelihood
