http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7253 women's movements
women's movements
History and subjectivity : the transformation of Marxist theory
RastafarI women : subordination in the midst of liberation theology
The Korean women's movement, which is seen in both Western and the non-Western countries as being exemplary in terms of women's activism, experienced a dramatic change in its direction and strategy in the early in the early 1990's. At the heart of the new approach was an increasing focus on sexual violence, which has had a huge impact on bringing women's issues onto the public agenda in Korea. This book examines feminist practice in Korea by analyzing the experiences of the country's first sexual assault center, the Korea Sexual Violence Relief Center. Based on extensive original research, including interviews with activists and extensive participant observation, it explores why feminist activists in South Korea chose to organize around the issue of sexual violence, the strategies it used to do so, what impact the movement has made, and what challenges it still faces to achieve its objectives.
This collection of articles offering new perspectives on the women's movement includes contributions by Solveig Bergman, Ann-Dorte Christensen, Yvonne Hirdman, Karin Lutzen, Kari Melby, Hanne Rimmen Nielsen, Joyce Outshoorn, Jane Rendall, Leila Rupp, Aino Saarinen and Verta Taylor.
Women's movements facing the reconfigured state
Sexism : the male monopoly on history and thought
Women and social change in Latin America
The women of Pakistan : selected bibliography with annotations
Feminist research - an intellectual adventure? : a research autobiography and reflections on the development, state and strategies of change of feminist research
Women's movement and internationalisation : the "third wave"
The global women's movement : origins, issues and strategies
Gyn/ecology : the metaethics of radical feminism : with a new intergalactic introduction by the author
The future of women's rights : global visions and strategies
The last decade has witnessed the rise of a great number of transnational social movements and activist networks. While many of these movements have been initiated in the North, some are driven by people from the Global South with the aim of addressing various forms of destitution and asserting a variety of basic economic and cultural rights. Such transnational organizing is increasingly evident in Sub-Saharan Africa. Some of these initiatives relate particularly to the growing numbers of people depending on forms of informal work for survival. This edition of Current African Issues looks into the transnationalization of a local association of informal workers as it becomes involved in an international network of grassroots organizations. While this transnational engagement opens up new political possibilities, it also poses new challenges. Participation in international activities is highly unequal and mediated rather than direct, as influential actors engage in practices of gate-keeping that tend to work to the disadvantage of women. Tensions also emerged as a result of the divergent gender ideologies espoused by different participants. The paper draws on various theoretical perspectives on spatial politics in the global age to interrogate the unequal and contested spatialities of this transnational activism. Feminist scholarship sheds further light on the gendering processes at work in the transnationalization of a grassroots association.
Power on the left : American radical movements since 1946
The dialectic of sex : the case for feminist revolution
Too "artistic" for political history, too political for the history of art, the visual history of the campaign for women's suffrage in Britain has long been neglected. In this comprehensive and pathbreaking study, Lisa Tickner discusses and illustrates the suffragist use of spectacle - the design of banners, posters and postcards, the orchestration of mass demonstrations - in an unprecedented propaganda campaign.
For labour and for women : the women's labour league, 1906-1918
The spectacle of women : imagery of the suffrage campaign 1907-14
The author cogently presents the philosophical stances and radical activities of the traitors about whom she writes. Her habit of giving birth and death dates of the figures as she introduces them helps to clarify the relationships of the major issues under discussion to the ideas and actions of the campaigners. The book's organization allows for a fairly comprehensive discussion of the disparate proposals which marked the early years of the movement; its structure illustrates the coming together of those ideas into a focussed drive for women's emancipation. The full documentation and bibliographic essay provide valuable resource information for scholars who wish to further investigate this subject.
When nights were cold
The women's movements in the Unites States and Britain from the 1790s to the 1920s
This is the most sustained argument for a reappraisal on the left of all its traditions that has yet come out of the women's movement in Britain. It is written by three women who have been active in both feminist and socialist politics. Whether from the experience of Leninist organizations, or of libertarian politics, each writer analyses the problems and contradictions of her own political background. The women's movement not only suggests different ways of organizing for socialist politics, but also critically questions the way the left has integrated the insights of the women's movement and confronted its own reproduction of authoritarian and hierarchical structures. The authors argue not just for a rhetorical acceptance of feminism, but for a redefinition of priorities, a new approach theory and consciousness, and for an open and searching examination of past and present forms of political organizations. They do not offer any answers -- indeed their distinct concerns and emphases would make that impossible -- but instead hope that their ideas will be discussed amongst socialist and feminists involved in a wide range of activities and hope that through their effort people will be encouraged to speak their mind and communicate their understanding.
Women reshaping human rights : how extraordinary activists are changing the world
International woman suffrage : Ius suffragii, 1913-1920. Vol. 4, October 1918 - September 1920
States of emergency : cultures of revolt in Italy from 1968 to 1978
Feminism and equality
Still fighting : the Nicaraguan women's movement, 1977-2000
Women's movements : networks and debates in post-communist countries in the 19th and 20th centuries
Gender and family change in industrialized countries
Aftermaths of war : women's movements and female activists, 1918-1923
Discourse and politics for gender equality in late twentieth century Finland
Sexual democracy : women, oppression, and revolution
Women, race & class
Gender conflicts : new essays in women's history
International woman suffrage : Ius suffragii, 1913-1920. Vol. 2, November 1914 - September 1916
Between the home and the institutions
Women's suffrage and social politics in the French Third Republic
When history was made : the women of 1916
Critical feminism : argument in the disciplines
"A dream of liberty" : Constance Markievicz's vision of Ireland, 1908-1927
Women of Hungary
Social movements in Britain
Shoulder to shoulder : a documentary
Century of struggle : the woman's rights movement in the United States
Mass media and the shaping of American feminism, 1963-1975
Women and dualism : a sociology of knowledge analysis
Rebel girls : their fight for the vote
Mujeres Latinoamericanas En Movimiento : [Latin American women as a moving force] : homenaje a las feministas latinoamericanas del siglo XX : V Workshop-Seminario (Reykjavik, Islandia, junio 2004)
Feminist agendas and democracy in Latin America
Sexism' is a rich and readable sourcebook on the history and workings of patriarchy in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. Marie Louise Janssen-Jurreit surveys the major debates of early feminism throuh history, economics, literature, anthropology, politics, philosophy and psychoanalysis ti biology. 'sexism' is a tour de force. Maria Louise Janssen-Jurreit provides a powerful analysis of how male domination over women has become and continues to be accepted. She exlplores questions concerning matriarchy, the sexual division of labour, female biology and the various forms of violence against women. She covers third World cultures as well those of the industrialised world, providing many starting points for further discussion.
This book addresses the theme of the history of internationalism in feminist theory and praxis, covering such topics as the historical concept of internationalism within feminism and women's movements; the nature of historical shifts within feminist movements, and challenges to internationalism within feminism by women of colour and by women from colonised or formerly colonised countries.
Feminism in America : a history
Women's activism and globalization : linking local struggles and transnational politics
Engendering democracy in Brazil : women's movements in transition politics
The women's movement : references and resources
'Other kinds of dreams' : black women's organisations and the politics of transformation
"Red Ellen" Wilkinson : her ideas, movements and world
Women for all seasons : the story of the Women's International League of Peace and Freedom
Feminist theory : from margin to center
Traces the history of women's movements from the late eighteenth century to the present and discusses the individuals and organizations that changed women's lives.
Women : the longest revolution : essays on feminism, literature and psychoanalysis
Other Kinds of Dreams' provides an invaluable insight into the political activity of black and Asian women in the UK both inside and outside the black and Asian communities. The book breaks new ground by: destroying the misconception that black and Asian women lack political involvement" integrating gender into the study of black and Asian political participation in Britain exploring the potential for alliances between black women and the new progressive 'black man's movement' examining black women activists' perception and experiences of white feminism. 'Other Kinds of Dreams also questions the homogeneity of the term 'black' and asks whether increasing social stratification within black communities undermines this unity.
Feminism, the state and social policy
Ms. magazine founder Steinem sets the tone in her foreword for this excellent collection of essays: "Make no mistake about it: women want a men's movement." As the nearly 20 articles by some of today's prominent feminists (bell hooks, Rosemary Radford Reuther, Ursula Le Guin) reveal, however, contemporary women are very particular about the kind of men's movement they desire--not the drum-thumping "wild man" movement espoused by Robert Bly and his ilk. Women want, as Starhawk points out, a movement in which men give up domination in favor of creative partnership. They want a movement in which men seek not a "kinder, gentler patriarchy," as Hagan calls it in her brief but pointed introduction, but to get in touch with their feminine side. The dynamics of the Bly-type movement are carefully analyzed here (e.g. Margaret Randall's deft analysis of how Bly blames women for the "softness" of contemporary men). By far the best contribution in the volume is that of Jane Caputi and Gordene A. MacKenzie, who show how images of women are manipulated or even excluded from much of our popular culture.
Transnational activism networks and gendered gatekeeping : negotiating gender in an African association of informal workers
Women respond to the men's movement : a feminist collection
Gendering awakening : femininity and the Russian woman question of the 1860s
Image and experience : photographs of Irishwomen c. 1880 - 1920
The remarkable array of women's activists and leaders from different parts of the world assembled for the dialogue in this volume are deeply concerned at the recent emergence of various trends that may threaten the ongoing work of women's movements in advancing gender equality, women's human rights and sustainable human development. These phenomena include the multifarious impacts of globalization and neoliberal economics, developments in biotechnology, the neo-conservative backlash against women's rights, monopolistic ownership patterns over information technologies that exclude women, fundamentalisms of various kinds and the rise of identity politics that subordinate or marginalize women's issues, and the increase in violent conflict and war.
Abstract: Women's voices and peripheral politics : feminist interpretations of the transition of stage in the Ireland of the 1990's.
The women's liberation movement in America
Practicing feminism in South Korea : the women's movement against sexual violence
Contemporary French feminism
Women's activism : global perspectives from the 1890s to the present
When protest makes policy : how social movements represent disadvantaged groups
Shadow dynasties : politics of memory and emotions in Pakistani women's life-writing
The fourth world : an indigenous perspective on feminism and aboriginal women's activism
Women and revolution : a discussion of the unhappy marriage of marxism and feminism
Gyn/ecology : the metaethics of radical feminism
Between God's sharing power and men's controlling power : a quest for diaconal empowerment and transformation in Femmes Pour Christ in Cameroon
Woman of valor : Margaret Sanger and the birth control movement in America
Islamic feminism in Kuwait : the politics and paradoxes
Opportunities, Alliances and Passionate Agents : The Political Role and Strategies of the Women's Movement in Zambia?
This is a major new history that introduces the reader to the development of feminism as a social and ideological movement in Western Europe during the late twentieth century. The volume begins with an overview of the specific character and evolution of European feminism and continues with a lengthy discussion of the status of women vis-a-vis technology, domestic work, politics, labor, and civil liberty.
Women of the revolution : forty years of feminism
Cross currents in the international women's movement, 1848-1948
The atlas of women in the world
Feminism in the news : representations of the women's movement since the 1960s
The rise of caring power : Elizabeth Fry and Josephine Butler in Britain and the Netherlands
Feminist legal theory
Feminism and the women's movement : dynamics of change in social movement, ideology and activism
Women, resistance and revolution : a history of women and revolution in the modern world
Women of the far right : the mothers' movement and World War II
Against the tide : pro-feminist men in the states 1776-1990 : a documentary history
The Costa Rican women's movement : a reader
Chronology of women worldwide : people, places & events that shaped women's history
Gender, race, and nation : a global perspective
Social reconstruction of the feminine character
Feminism and internationalism
Feminism and freedom
Organising women's protest : a study in political styles in two South Indian activist groups
Moving on : new perspectives on the women's movement
Towards a new prohibitionism? : state feminism, women's movements and prostitution policies in Finland
New social movements in Western Europe : a comparative analysis
On the Emancipation of Women
Evolution of the women's movement in contemporary Algeria : organization, objectives and prospects
Gender and nationalism in Finland : the domestication of the national narrative
"An exploration of the representations of the women's movement, its members, and their goals between 1968 and 2008 in the British and American press. Examining over 1100 news articles, the book analyses the nuanced ways feminism has historically been supported, marginalized and debated in the mainstream press"--
On account of sex : the politics of women's issues, 1945-1968
Crossing borders : re-mapping women's movements at the turn of the 21st century
The women's liberation movement of the 1960s and 1970s changed the lives of a vast majority of women, especially young women, in America. This introduction to the movement provides not only a narrative overview, but also a wealth of ready-reference materials, including 13 lengthy biographical profiles of key figures, a broad selection of 15 primary source documents, a glossary of terms, and a useful annotated bibliography. The women's liberation movement was an outgrowth of earlier waves of feminism, including the women's suffrage movement that gained women the right to vote in 1920. In a succession of chronologically organized chapters, Berkeley tells the tumultuous story of the movement from its historical roots through the present.
Chicana feminist thought : the basic historical writings
The women's movement in Iran : women at the crossroads of secularization and islamization
Historical dictionary of feminism
The globalization reader
The Chinese women's movement between state and market
William L. O'Neill's lively history of American women's struggle for equality is written with style and a keen sense for the variety of possible interpretations of 150 years of the feminist movement, from its earliest stirring in the 1830's to the latest developments in the 1980s. O'Neill's most controversial thesis is that the feminist movements of the past have largely failed, and for reasons that remains of deep concern; the movements have never come to grips with the fact that marriage and the family are the chief obstacles to women's emancipation. O'Neill also holds that the sexual revolution of the 1920s, far from liberating women, actually undermined their role in American life. O'Neill treats seriously the ideas of the great feminist leaders and their organizations. His was the first book to deal directly with the failure of feminism as a social force in American society; to tie together the scattered people and events in the history of American women; and to examine seriously feminist experience in the twentieth century. Since the women's agenda is hardly complete, the women's movement remains active, often militantly so. In this new revised edition, O'Neill interprets and illumines not only the history of feminism, but aspects of feminism that still trouble us today.
Feminist theory today : an introduction to second-wave feminism
Teach a woman to fish : overcoming poverty around the globe
There are two major women's movements in Morocco: the Islamists who hold shari'a as the platform for building a culture of women's rights, and the feminists who use the United Nations' framework to amend shari'a law. Between Feminism and Islam shows how the interactions of these movements over the past two decades have transformed the debates, the organization, and the strategies of each other. In Between Feminism and Islam, Zakia Salime looks at three key movement moments: the 1992 feminist One Million Signature Campaign, the 2000 Islamist mass rally opposing the reform of family law, and the 2003 Casablanca attacks by a group of Islamist radicals. At the core of these moments are disputes over legitimacy, national identity, gender representations, and political negotiations for shaping state gender policies. Located at the intersection of feminism and Islam, these conflicts have led to the Islamization of feminists on the one hand and the feminization of Islamists on the other. Documenting the synergistic relationship between these movements, Salime reveals how the boundaries of feminism and Islamism have been radically reconfigured. She offers a new conceptual framework for studying social movements, one that allows us to understand how Islamic feminism is influencing global debates on human rights.
Women and the women's movement in Britain, 1914-1999
The terms 'Woman' and 'Women' have been the organizing concepts for feminist politics and scholarship on women in western countries for several centuries. 'Women', it was assumed, shared characteristics based on biology and experiences of subordination; other aspects of their lives, such as language, national or ethnic identity, 'race', or sexual orientation were considered secondary to the identity of woman-ness. In this work, Dhruvarajan and Vickers call into question feminism's presumed universality of gender analysis, and bring to the foreground the voices of marginalized women in Western society, and of women outside of the western world. Gender, Race, and Nation discusses opening scholarship to the experiences of women in all of their diversity, making links between the differences in local contexts and global contexts, and relating to other women with the understanding of each woman's relative position in terms of power and privilege to facilitate coalition building and develop strategies to address issues of common concern to usher in a just and caring world for all. This change in perspective presented by Dhruvarajan and Vickers represents a paradigm shift in the study of women and women's issues, and forges a new approach to women's studies/scholarship on women, women' s movements, and global social transformation.
Resistin oblivion : remembering the Chilean women's movement of Pinochet's time
Women's history in global perspective
"Traitors to the masculine cause" : The men's campaigns for women's rights
The biographical dictionary of British feminists. Vol. 1, 1800-1930
Magdalena : international women's experimental theatre
The new feminist movement
Critical Feminism is a collection of essays from academics in a range of disciplines who, broadly speaking, address the impact of feminism on their field of concern. The dominant field, in the sense that most contributions come from this quarter, is literary criticism. There are additional pieces on art theory/criticism, history, psychology and social work. Campbell explains that the purpose in bringing together what might seem a disparate group of papers is to pursue the strategy of pushing feminism beyond its contemporary accommodation in the academy to a more critical transformatory stance. In this sense this book reflects recent discomfitures within academic feminism which have ironically arisen with the 'success' of feminism in certain academic areas. There is a suspicion that in becoming 'successful' feminism may have become merely academic, or that it spends its time theorising (or metatheorising) and has forgotten its commitment to social change. For this reason Campbell promotes a critical feminism, although the exact nature of this version of feminism is not made clear by a reading of these varied papers.
Bringing Beijing Back : Local Actions and Global Strategies, November 10-12, 1995, Davenport, Iowa
Challenging times : the women's movement in Canada and the United States
Women's movement and internationalisation : the "third wave"?
La chicana and the intersection of race, class and gender
The book you are about to read tells the story of one of the great social movements in American history. The struggle for women's voting rights was one of the longest, most successful, and in some respects most radical challenges ever posed to the American system of electoral politics. It is difficult to imagine now a time when women were largely removed by custom, practice, and law from the formal political rights and responsibilities that supported and sustained the nation's young democracy. For sheer drama the suffrage movement has few equals in modern American political history.
Abstract.
Feminist legal theory : readings in law and gender
The politics of women's liberation : a case study of an emerging social movement and its relation to the policy process
Beyond the fragments : feminism and the making of socialism
Reconceiving reality : women and international law
Identity politics in the women's movement
Women in movement : feminism and social action
Exile and pride : disability, queerness and liberation
This is an anthology of 26 essays that appeared in the popular press between 1971 and 1990. Because 19 of the pieces were published in the 1970s, they have little or nothing to add to the current literature on feminism despite the subtitle's claim. Unfortunately, More Joy Than Rage should have been published ten years ago when the anecdotes might still have appeared refreshing. Rivers's failure to consider criticisms levied against the women's movement in the 1980s renders this 1970s retrospective suspect without the benefit of detailed reflection and analysis. To her credit, however, Rivers offers a short introduction to each piece.
Feminism and democracy : women's suffrage and reform politics in Britain 1900-1918
In Feminism and the Women's Movement, Barbara Ryan integrates a broad historical view with an analytical framework drawn from the theory of social movements. Relying on participation and observation of diverse groups involved in the woman's movement, interviews with long-term activists, and readings of historical and contemporary movement publications, she discusses the changing nature of feminist ideology and movement organizing. Ryan portrays the successes and difficulties that women have faced in their efforts to effect social change in recent history.
Abortion politics, women's movements, and the democratic state : a comparative study of state feminism
What's wrong with rights? : problems for feminist politics of law
A decade of democracy in Africa
Women in development : Lao People's Democratic Republic
Graždanskoe obŝestvo na Evropejskom Severe : ponâtie i kontekst : materialy meždunarodnogo seminara, Sankt-Peterburg 18-19.01/96 = [Civil society in the European North] : [concept and context] : [proceedings of the seminar held in St Petersburg January 18-19 1996]
The heritage of Islam : women, religion, and politics in West Africa
Of all the great social movements of the twentieth century, it is the women's movement that looks set to continue to shape the course of social progress over the next generation. This overview of the international women's movement by the well-known feminist activist Peggy Antrobus asks where are women now--particularly in the Third World--in the struggle against gender inequality? What are the issues--from poverty to sexual and reproductive health to the environment--that they face in different parts of the world? What challenges confront the women's movement and what strategies are needed? Rooted in the author's long experience in seeing these movements in a changing national and global context over the past decades, this intervention will prove an invaluable aid to reflection and action for the next generation of women as they carry through the unfinished business of women's emancipation.
Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo : motherhood and the politics of time and space
Contemporary Western European feminism
Flowers in salt : the beginnings of feminist consciousness in modern Japan
Gender, human security and the United Nations : security language as a political framework for women
Suffragette : my own story
Mapping the women's movement : feminist politics and social transformation in the North
International woman suffrage : Ius suffragii, 1913-1920. Vol. 1, July 1913 - October 1914
Contemporary western European feminism
Intercultural communication and creative practice : music, dance, and women's cultural identity
Irish women's studies reader
Challenging the political order : new social and political movements in western democracies
Victorian feminists
This stimulating text presents a concise and accessible introduction to feminist theory today. Covering all the major variants of feminist political thought, it offers a unique examination of the archive of modern feminist theory from the publication of The Feminine Mystique in 1963 to current postmodernist and legal feminist texts. It provides both an intellectual history and a political critique of contemporary feminism in the United States and in the United Kingdom. Judith Evans focuses on the divergence within, as well as between, feminist schools, and on protests from women marginalized by 'the movement' - including those who are lesbian and those who are black. Feminist Theory Today contends that the early feminist demand for radical equality has gone, contributing to its drastic undertheorization. While brilliantly reconceptualizing this concept, the author documents the changes in socialist feminism from its revolutionary origins to its current focus on modifying liberal democratic forms.
More joy than rage : crossing generations with the new feminism
The challenge of local feminism : women's movement in global perspectives
The social psychology of collective action : identity, injustice and gender
Greating a national brand of 'Girl' : comparing Marimekko's Mari Girl with Helen Gurley Brown's Single Girl during the 1960s and 70s
Between feminism and Islam : human rights and Sharia Law in Morocco
Feminist Nationalism demonstrates how feminism is redefining nationalism by presenting case studies from Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia and the Americas. Consisting of social movements and cultural ideologies, feminist nationalism links struggles for women's rights with struggles for group identity rights and/or national sovereignty in their goals of self-determination. Many analyses of nationalism assume it is identical for women and men in its definition and operation. This collection challenges that framework by placing women at the center and demonstrating how feminism is redefining nationalism both in particular cases and in the global context.
Strong together? : a comparative study of the impact of the women's movement on policy-making in Finland
25 years of emancipation? : women in Switzerland 1971-1996
Have we entered a historical moment of 'post-feminism'? This volume presents a timely and convincing 'no'. These essays demonstrate that there is a new generation of French women who take up questions of equality and difference from a position distinct from either first or second wave feminism, a position that often attempts to move beyond the binary of equality and/or difference to a new form of the individual.
Women and politics in Asia : a springboard for democracy
International woman suffrage : Ius suffragii, 1913-1920. Vol. 3, October 1916 - September 1918
Feminist nationalism
The elusive agenda : mainstreaming women in development
Chicana Feminist Thought brings together the voices of Chicana poets, writers, and activists who reflect upon the Chicana Feminist Movement that began in the late 1960s. With energy and passion, this anthology of writings documents the personal and collective political struggles of Chicana feminists.
Feminist perspectives on public law
Dragon ladies : Asian American feminists breathe fire
