http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7260 bad
bad evil the evil the bad
Midnight falcon
In 1814 London, Gretchen must put aside annoyance at the constant buzzing caused by being a Whisperer, concern about her twin brother, her growing feelings for a member of the Order of Iron Nail, and the boredom of being a debutante when a new menace threatens Mayfair.
The killables
Two ravens and one crow
Sin : a new understanding of virtue and vice
The hour of dust and ashes
Out of Eden : Adam and Eve and the problem of evil
Poison heart
Neverwhere
A legacy of light
Taste of darkness
In this examination of the questions posed by the problem of evil, John Feinberg addresses the intellectual and theological framework of theodicy. Beginning with a discussion of the logical problem of evil, he interacts with leading thinkers who have previously written on these themes.
"Teenage witch Nadia must defeat the evil sorceress Elizabeth before Elizabeth gathers enough power to summon the One Beneath and destroy everything Nadia has worked to protect"--
The evil eye : studies in the folklore of vision
Learning theodicy : the problem of evil and the praxis of religious education
The evolution of evil
Garion the farm boy did not believe in magic dooms, but then he did not know that soon he would be on a quest of unparalleled magic and danger when the dread evil God Torak was reawakened.
Aquinas and the cry of Rachel : Thomistic reflections on the problem of evil
God, goodness and philosophy
Towering
Law and evil : philosophy, politics, psychoanalysis
The problem of evil and the power of God
Ravenheart : a novel of the Rigante
City of fae
The problem of evil and internatonal law
InterWorld
Evil and the response of world religion
A frightening love : recasting the problem of evil
Golem in my glovebox
The talisman
"The third and final installment in the Passage trilogy. With The Twelve destroyed, many wonder if the threat to humankind also has vanished. But then a terrifying threat shudders the gates of the colony...and Amy - the girl who must save the world, Peter, Alicia, and Michael must at last confront their destinies"--
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
People of the lie the hope for healing human evil
Lord of the flies
The roots of evil
The emissary
Peace is the way : bringing war and violence to an end
The ocean at the end of the lane : a novel
"Martha Wells expands her world of the Raksura with the start of a brand new Three Worlds series. An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil. Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it. The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger"--
Evil and moral psychology
On the existence of evils
Demons : visions of evil in art
Problems of evil and the power of God
Goodness, God, and evil
Jung on evil
A dark and powerful goddess hunts for three jewels: fallen stars that will give her endless power. To save the world, six friends have joined forces to stop her.
Scorched
Unnecessary evil : history and moral progress in the philosophy of Immanuel Kant
Avry knows hardship and trouble. She fought the plague and survived. She took on King Tohon and defeated him. But now her heart-mate, Kerrick, is missing, and Avry fears he's gone forever. But there's a more immediate threat. The Skeleton King plots to claim the Fifteen Realms for his own. With armies in disarray and the dead not staying down, Avry's healing powers are needed now more than ever.
Public and academic concerns regarding religion and morality are proliferating as people wonder about the possibility of moral reassurance, the ability of religion to provide it and about the future of religion and the relation between religious faiths. This book addresses current thinking on such matters, with particular focus on the relationship between moral values and doctrines of the divine. Leading scholars in the field test the scope of philosophy of religion and engage with the possibilities and difficulties of attempting trans-faith philosophy.
The big questions
This book examines what makes someone an evil person and how evil people are different from merely bad people. Rather than focusing on the "problem of evil" that occupies philosophers of religion, Barry looks instead to moral psychology―the intersection of ethics and psychology. He provides both a philosophical account of what evil people are like and considers the implications of that account for social, legal, and criminal institutions. He also engages in traditional philosophical reasoning strongly informed by psychological research, especially abnormal and social psychology. In response to the popularity of phrases like "the axis of evil" and the ease with which politicians and others describe their opponents as "evil", Barry sets out to make clear just what it is to be an evil person.
Rethinking the good : moral ideals and the nature of practical reasoning
The affirmation that God acts in history has roots deep within the religious traditions of the West. The God depicted in biblical narrative is by no means a detached spectator, unconcerned with the course of events in the world. Rather, God engages human beings in and through their history, shaping the destinies of individuals and communities. While this way of thinking about God has profoundly shaped the theological imagination of the biblical religions, it has become a source of persistent puzzlement in modern theology. The rise of the natural sciences has demonstrated the power of understanding our world as governed by natural law, and this poses difficult questions about how God can be understood to act in a such a world. Furthermore, a compelling set of religious and ethical objections can be urged against the idea that God performs particular actions in history; the problem of evil arises here with great force. This book brings together a group of well-known philosophers and theologians for a sharply focused exchange on these crucial questions about the God who acts.
Final hour
The psychology of good and evil
Philosophy on the border
Amidst mass atrocity and the rubble of theology : searching for a viable theodicy
The evil eye : a folklore casebook
The malevolent eye : an essay on the evil eye, fertility and the concept of mana
The edge of worlds
The poetics of evil : toward an aesthetic theodicy
The Belgariad. 3, Magician's gambit
As plague ravages the overcrowded Earth, observed by a ruthless lunar people, Cinder, a gifted mechanic and cyborg, becomes involved with handsome Prince Kai and must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect the world in this futuristic take on the Cinderella story.
Demons in my driveway
Does belief in God yield the best understanding of value? Can we provide transcendental support for key moral concepts? Does evolutionary theory undermine or support religious moralities? Is divine forgiveness unjust? Can a wholly good God understand evil? Should philosophy of religion proceed in a faith-neutral way? Public and academic concerns regarding religion and morality are proliferating as people wonder about the possibility of moral reassurance, and the ability of religion to provide it, and about the future of religion and the relation between religious faiths. This book addresses current thinking on such matters, with particular focus on the relationship between moral values and doctrines of the divine. Leading scholars in the field, test the scope of philosophy of religion, and engage with the possibilities and difficulties of attempting trans-faith philosophy. Chapters also relate to a number of cross-disciplinary contemporary debates: on evolution and ethics; politics, justice and forgiveness; and, the relation between reason and emotions. Another set of chapters tests the coherence of Anselmian theism and concepts of an Omni-God in relation to divine knowledge and goodness. This book will be of interest to scholars and undergraduates in philosophy of religion, as well as moral philosophers, philosophers of science, theologians, and those working in theology and science.
Elric of Melniboné
Fear
In this timely book, James Taylor takes readers on a fascinating journey to examine the origins and evolution of all seven deadly sins. Are those great sins still sins? If you were going to make a list of the seven most deadly sins today, what would it include? Taylor looks at traditional and contemporary notions of sin and shows how this key concept shapes our personal lives and society.
In this 30th anniversary edition, Goldman frames the famous fairy tale with an "autobiographical" story; his father had abridged the book as he read it to his son. Now, Goldman is publishing an abridged version, interspersed with comments on the parts that had been cut out. Presents the timeless love story between a farm boy named Westley and the beautiful Princess Buttercup.
The problem of evil revisited
Hannah Arendt : practice, thought and judgement
Good and evil : interpreting a human condition
The devil : perceptions of evil from antiquity to primitive Christianity
The mirror king
The many faces of evil : historical perspectives
Das Böse, der Teufel und Dämonen = Evil, the Devil, and demons
Analyzes four biblical passages (Genesis 2-3, Hosea 1-3, Ezekiel 23, and Proverbs 7) in which a woman is the source or symbol of sin.
Meeting the shadow : the hidden power of the dark side of human nature
Kushiel's justice : Treason's heir: book two
God and evil
Mountain echoes
"Providence, Evil and the Openness of God is a timely exploration of the philosophical implications of the rapidly growing theological movement known as open theism, or the "openness of God." William Hasker, one of the philosophers prominently associated with this movement, presents the strengths of this position in comparison with its main competitors: Calvinism, process theism and the theory of divine middle knowledge, or Molinism." "In this collection of essays, the author develops alternative approaches to the problem of evil and to the problem of divine action in the world. In particular, he argues that believers should not maintain the view that each and every evil that occurs is permitted by God as a means to a "greater good." He contends that open theism makes possible an emphasis on the personalism of divine-human interaction in a way that traditional views, with their heavy emphasis on divine control, cannot easily match. The book concludes with a section of replies to critics, in which many of the objections leveled against open theism are addressed." "Providence, Evil and the Openness of God will be essential reading for advanced students and academics in the fields of Philosophy, Philosophy of Religion and Theology."--BOOK JACKET.
Goods and virtues
The problem of evil
The invention of satanism
The myth of evil : demonizing the enemy
Can God be trusted? : faith and the challenge of evil
The idea of evil
Freud, women, and morality : the psychology of good and evil
A letter on the principles of justness and decency, containing a defence of the treatise De cive of the learned Mr Hobbes
Mind, body and wealth : a study of belief and practice in an Indian village
A memory of fire
The social psychology of morality : exploring the causes of good and evil
Dark nature : a natural history of evil
Phoenix in my fortune
The experience of God : Orthodox dogmatic theology. Vol. 2 : The world: creation and deification
Kant's Religion within the boundaries of mere reason : a critical guide
The orphan queen
911 - a public emergency? : special issue
Light
Demons and the devil in ancient and medieval Christianity
"The Devil has fascinated Christians since the time of the New Testament, and inspired many haunting works of art. This Very Short Introduction looks at the Devil in the history of ideas and in the lives of real people. Darren Oldridge shows us that the Devil is an important figure in western history--a richly complex and contradictory one. Oldridge focuses on three main themes: the idea of the Devil being integral to western thought from the early Middle Ages to the beginnings of modernity; the belief that the Devil represents the mirror image of goodness; and the multiplicity and instability of ideas about the Devil. Oldridge concludes by exploring "demonological" ways of thinking in our own time, including allegations of "satanic ritual abuse.""--
New essays on Leibniz's Theodicy
Modernity and the problem of evil
The darkest edge of dawn
The God who acts : philosophical and theological explorations
The silmarillion
Whisper the dead
The disappearances
The iron knight
Encountering evil : live options in theodicy
Hell in contemporary literature : Western descent narratives since 1945
Ghouls and monsters
Inheritance, or The vault of souls
The Evil eye : a casebook
Reason and belief
The picture of Dorian Gray
Gardens of the moon
The roots and flowers of evil in Baudelaire, Nietzsche, and Hitler
The vast amount of suffering in the world is often held as a particularly powerful reason to deny that God exists. Highly accessible and carefully argued, Peter van Inwagen's book maintains that such reasoning does not hold, and that suffering should not undermine belief in God. - ;It is generally supposed that the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering, much of it truly horrible suffering, confronts those who believe in an all-powerful and benevolent Creator with a serious problem: to explain why such a Creator would permit this. Many reflective people are convinced that the problem, the problem of evil, is insoluble. The reasons that underlie this conviction can be formulated as a powerful argument for the non-existence of God, the so-called argument from evil: If there were a God, he would not permit the existence of vast amounts of truly horrible suffering; since such suffering exists, there is no God. Peter van Inwagen examines this argument, which he regards as a paradigmatically philosophical argument. His conclusion is that (like most philosophical arguments) it is a failure. He seeks to demonstrate, not that God exists, but the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering does not show that God does not exist.
Primitives and the supernatural
Siege and storm
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
The spirit who speaks : God's supernatural intervention in your life
Christian faith and the problem of evil
A theodicy of hell
Representations of evil in fiction and film
Prayer for the devil
Paul Ricoeur on hope : expecting the good
The metaphysics of good and evil according to Suárez : Metaphysical disputations x and xi and selected passages from Disputation xxiii and other works : translation, with introduction, notes, and glossary
The difficult good : a Thomistic approach to moral conflict and human happiness
What is good and why : the ethics of well-being
Beasts : what animals can teach us about the origins of good and evil
Satan and the problem of evil : constructing a trinitarian warfare theodicy
The problem of evil : a reader
Contemporary philosophy of religion
Detailed Contents; Lecture 1. The Problem of Evil and the Argument from Evil; Lecture 2. The Idea of God; Lecture 3. Philosophical Failure; Lecture 4. The Global Argument from Evil; Lecture 5. The Global Argument Continued; Lecture 6. The Local Argument from Evil; Lecture 7. The Sufferings of Beasts; Lecture 8. The Hiddenness of God; Notes; Works Cited; Index.
The end of Christianity : finding a good God in an evil world
Shadow runners
Studies of good and evil : a series of essays upon problems of philosophy and of life
The myth of evil
The princess bride : S. Morgenstern's classic tale of true love and high adventure : the "good parts" version, abridged
Evil, suffering and religion
The problem of evil and Indian thought
Bay of sighs
The city of mirrors : a novel
On the two ways : life or death, light or darkness : foundational texts in the tradition
The Lucifer principle : a scientific expedition into the forces of history
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
The fabrication of the Late-Victorian femme fatale : the kiss of death
The system
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Ethics : an essay on the understanding of evil
Sin and salvation
The Belgariad. 1, Pawn of prophecy
The power of the dark side : creating great villains, dangerous situations & dramatic conflict
A need so beautiful
Good and evil : two interpretations
Sword in the storm
God, knowledge and mystery : essays in philosophical theology
It is hubris to claim answers to unanswerable questions. Such questions, however--as part of their burden and worth--must still be asked, investigated, and contemplated. How there can be a loving, all-powerful God and a world stymied by suffering and evil is one of the unanswerable questions we must all struggle to answer, even as our responses are closer to gasps, silences, and further questions. More importantly, how and whether one articulates a response will have deep, lasting repercussions for any belief in God and in our judgments upon one another. Throughout this wide-ranging, interdisciplinary work, Peter Admirand draws upon his extensive research and background in theology and testimonial literature, trauma and genocide studies, cultural studies, philosophy of religion, interreligious studies, and systematic theology. As David Burrell writes in the Foreword: ". . .[T]he work's intricate structure, organization, and development will lead us to appreciate that the best one can settle for is a fractured faith built on a fractured theodicy, expressed in a language explicitly fragmented, pluralist, and broken."
Evil : different kinds of evil in the light of a modern theodicy
One fell sweep
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Viking warrior rising
Taking evil seriously
Evil and Christian ethics
The great controversy : the individual's struggle between good and evil in the Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs and in their Jewish and Christian contexts
The anthropology of evil
City of heavenly fire
Grimoire of the lamb
The shift to modernity : Christ and the doctrine of creation in the theologies of Schleiermacher and Barth
Understanding evil : an interdisciplinary approach
Religion and morality
The scandal of evil in philosophical ethics : theory and applications
Eternity's wheel
Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone
"An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil.  Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it.  The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger. "--
Providence, evil and the openness of God
Satan, the prodigal son? : a family problem in the Bible
Scarred
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
Radical evil : a philosophical interrogation
Half wild
Harry Potter and the cursed child. Parts one and two
A brief history of angels and demons
The Shining
Happiness and benevolence
Hell : the logic of damnation
Evil and the Augustinian tradition
Poor banished children of Eve : woman as evil in the Hebrew bible
What evil means to us
Reconsidering evil : confronting reflections with confessions
The exorcist
On evil
Once upon a time in hell
An introduction to the philosophy of religion
Suffering belief : evil and the Anglo-American defense of theism
The rebel
Order from disorder : Proclus' doctrine of evil and its roots in ancient Platonism
Raging with compassion : pastoral responses to the problem of evil
Feminist philosophy and the problem of evil
Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets
Woman as monster in literature and the media
The problem of evil : selected readings
Shadow and bone
Moira : fate, good, and evil in Greek thought
The strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Journey back to God : Origen on the problem of evil
Sweep in peace
Dimensions of evil : contemporary perspectives
God and the problem of evil
Panorama of evil : insights from the behavioral sciences
A birthright of blood
Moby-Dick : or, the whale
Natural grace : dialogues on creation, darkness, and the soul in spirituality and science
Eight prominent philosophers and theologians confront the problems posed by natural and human evil for theistic belief. Each thinker sets out his or her theodicy and its connections to current social and philosophical debates. The other contributors then offer critiques of each theodicy, to which its author subsequently responds. The result is a valuable introduction to philosophical and theological perspectives on contemporary evil and to the nature of discourse in the philosophy of religion.
The order of evils : toward an ontology of morals
Sorceress : a Spellcaster novel
Evil : self and culture
Good and evil : an absolute conception
Depth psychology and a new ethic
The Devil : a very short introduction
Evil and the God of love
The intelligence of evil or the lucidity pact
The many faces of evil : theological systems and the problems of evil
The witch's daughter
Human and divine : an introduction to the philosophy of religious experience
Clean sweep
