http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p726 zionism
zionism
Army of shadows : Palestinian collaboration with Zionism, 1917-1948
For Zion's sake : Christian Zionism and the role of John Nelson Darby
Vale : the illuminati and its plans for world conquest
The slopes of Lebanon
Draws on newly available documents from the National Archives in Britain to chronicle the historical events and key campaigns that led to the creation of Israel.
Beyond Chutzpah : on the misuse of anti-semitism and the abuse of history
Who is left? : Zionism answers back
Reports for the period April 1, 1960 to April 1, 1964 submitted to the Twenty-sixth Zionist Congress in Jerusalem 1964.
The Palestine-Israeli conflict : a beginner's guide
What must be forgotten : the survival of Yiddish in Zionist Palestine
A heart of many rooms : celebrating the many voices within Judaism
The challenge of post-zionism : alternatives to Israeli fundamentalist politics
Pitkä tie kotiin = The long way home
Zionism and the state of Israel : a moral inquiry
Zionism and anti-semitism in Nazi Germany
The dream and the awakening
Divided against Zion : anti-Zionist opposition in Britain to a Jewish state in Palestine, 1945-1948
Rebirth and destiny of Israel
From Herzl to Rabin : the changing image of Zionism
Zionism and faith-healing in Rhodesia : aspects of African independent churches
Encyclopedia of Zionism and Israel
Collusion across the Jordan : King Abdullah, the Zionist movement, and the partition of Palestine
The land that became Israel : studies in historical geography
Anonymous soldiers : the struggle for Israel, 1917-1947
The words and the land : Israeli intellectuals and the nationalist myth
The Bible and Zionism : invented traditions, archaeology and post-colonialism in Palestine-Israel
The history of Israel
Zionist colonialism in Palestine
A land of two peoples : Martin Buber on Jews and Arabs
The fervent embrace : liberal Protestants, evangelicals, and Israel
Zionism and the quest for justice in the Holy Land
Chaim Weizmann : the making of a Zionist leader
"The story of how 40 years of violence and terror were used by Zionists to achieve the transformation of Palestine into a Jewish state." / WorldCat.
Rebels against Zion : studies on the Jewish left anti-zionizm
A history of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict
Israel : a history
A time to speak out : Independent Jewish Voices on Israel, Zionism and Jewish identity
Western Jewry and the Zionist project, 1914-1933
The globalization of Israel : McWorld in Tel Aviv, jihad in Jerusalem
Zionism in an Arab country : Jews in Iraq in the 1940s
The Martin Buber reader : essential writings
The rise of Israel : a history of a revolutionary state
The responsibility of the pariah : the impact of Bernard Lazare on Arendt's conception of political action and judgement in extreme situations
Lawrence in Arabia : war, deceit, imperial folly and the making of the modern Middle East
The last resistance
The Postzionism debates : knowledge and power in Israeli culture
Political and diplomatic documents
The Zionist mind : the origins and development of Zionist thought
Orientalism and the Hebrew imagination
Israeliness in no man's land : citizenship in the West Bank of Israel/Palestine
The standard histories of Zionism have depicted it almost exclusively as a Jewish political movement, one in which Christians do not appear except as antagonists. In the highly original Zeal for Zion, Shalom Goldman makes the case for a wider and more inclusive history, one that brings the substantial Christian involvement with Zionism--most recently by American evangelical Protestants--into the light.
The colonies of law : colonialism, Zionism, and law in early mandate Palestine
History of Zionism : a handbook and dictionary
A history of Zionism
Zeal for Zion : Christians, Jews, & the idea of the Promised Land
My promised land : the triumph and tragedy of Israel
The Americanization of Zionism, 1897-1948
The Jewish state : the struggle for Israel's soul
A threat from within : a century of Jewish opposition to Zionism
The Zionist movement in Palestine and world politics, 1880-1918
The history of Zionism
Here and now : history, nationalism, and realism in modern Hebrew fiction
Expulsion of the Palestinians : the concept of "transfer" in Zionist political thought, 1882-1948
The letters of Martin Buber : a life of dialogue
On an Arab jurist's approach to Zionism and the state of Israel
Prelude to Israel : an analysis of Zionist diplomacy, 1897-1947
Anti-Semitism and anti-Zionism in historical perspective : convergence and divergence
Allies for Armageddon : the rise of Christian Zionism
Dangerous liaisons : the clash between Islamism and Zionism
The Zionist ideology
The question of Palestine
Zionism and the fin-de-siècle : cosmopolitanism and nationalism from Nordau to Jabotinsky
Essential papers on Zionism
Reports for the period January 1956 - March 1960 submitted to the Twenty-fifth Zionist Congress in Jerusalem, tevet 5721/December 1960
What do zionists believe?
Stephan E. C. Wendehorst explores the relationship between British Jewry and Zionism from 1936 to 1956, a crucial period in modern Jewish history, encompassing both the shoah and the establishment of the State of Israel.
"Written by one of Israel's most notable scholars, this volume provides a breathtaking history of Israel from the origins of the Zionist movement in the late 19th century to the present day. Organized chronologically, the volume explores the emergence of Zionism in Europe against the backdrop of relations among Jews, Arabs, and Turks, and the earliest pioneer settlements in Palestine under Ottoman rule. Weaving together political, social, and cultural developments in Palestine under the British mandate, Shapira creates a tapestry through which to understand the challenges of Israeli nation building, including mass immigration, shifting cultural norms, the politics of war and world diplomacy, and the creation of democratic institutions and a civil society. References to contemporary diaries, memoirs, and literature bring a human dimension to this narrative history of Israel from its declaration of independence in 1948 through successive decade of waging war, negotiating peace, and building a modern state with a vibrant society and culture. Based on archival sources and the most up-to-date scholarly research, this authoritative history is ideal for course adoption and a must-read for anyone with a passionate interest in Israel. Israel: A History will be the gold standard in the field for years to come." --Publisher description.
Diaspora and Zionism in Jewish American literature : Lazarus, Syrkin, Reznikoff, and Roth
The invention of the land of Israel : from Holy Land to homeland
The dark side of zionism : Israel's quest for security through dominance
Zionism : a brief history
Israeli identity : in search of a successor to the pioneer, Tsabar and settler
In the land of Israel
The Jewish state : (Der Judenstaat)
Imagining Zion : dreams, designs, and realities in a century of Jewish settlement
Reports for the period April 1960 - March 1964 submitted to the Twenty-sixth Zionist Congress in Jerusalem, tevet 5725/December 1964
Jewish rights, national rites : nationalism and autonomy in late imperial and revolutionary Russia
Israel : the first hundred years. Vol. 2, From war to peace?
The ascendance of Israel's right
The idea of the Jewish state
Moses Montefiore : Jewish liberator, imperial hero
Churchill's promised land : Zionism and statecraft
The vulnerability which is the lot of any nation without a state was experienced in a particularly extreme way by the Jews. With the destitution and persecution of many Jewish communities in the 19th century, especially in Eastern Europe, Jews demanded a solution to their uprootedness. This required a state. Alain Dieckhoff recounts the tortuous ordeal through which the Jews reacted to the challenge of modernity. While some contributed to the development of capitalism and put their talents at the service of the Western European states, others threw themselves into revolutionary movements. Yet others imagined ways of "re-nationalising" Jews by transforming them into a nation. Thus the Jews were formidable experimenters who participated in causes with contradictory agendas: assimilation (bourgeois or socialist) or nationalism. The text focuses on Zionism, whose ultimate objective was the creation of a sovereign state for the Jews in Palestine. This required the invention of the Jewish nation. Such an objective meant several things: building a national language, defining a secularized and territorialized Jewish identity, and using military power. This was a difficult enterprise, as the national project was faced with the persistence of communitarianism. But the enterprise was at least partly successful: this process of politicization makes Israel a paradigmatic example of the invention of a nation-state, the main focus of this work.
US foreign policy in the Middle East : the roots of anti-americanism
Dark crusade : Christian Zionism and US foreign policy
The Jewish paradox
How Israel lost its soul
The epic story of Jerusalem told through the lives of the men and women who created, ruled and inhabited it.
Herzl : Theodore Herzl and the foundation of the Jewish State
In spite of partition : Jews, Arabs, and the limits of separatist imagination
This book is the result of ethnographic research carried out in the Academic College of Judea & Samaria (ACJS), located in the West Bank of Israel/Palestine. The book deals with Israeli citizenship and identity, and examines the ways in which it is being understood and imagined by ACJS students and teachers. The book also analyzes the Orange Zionist organizational culture of the ACJS. In the end, a new socio-political model of Israel/Palestine is offered: Israel as a Zionist Democracy.
A history of modern Israel
Jewish history in modern times
In the company of others : the development of anthropology in Israel
Scars of war, wounds of peace : the Israeli-Arab tragedy
The idea of modern Jewish culture
Chaim Weizmann : the Zionist dream
Nietzsche and Zion
"Army of Shadows tells the story of Arabs who, from the very beginning of the Arab-Israeli encounter, sided with the Zionists and aided them in political, economic, and security matters. Cohen uses newly declassified documents and Zionist, Arab, and British sources to show how many residents of the region cooperated with the Zionists: Bedouin, weapons dealers, pro-Zionist propagandists, informers, local leaders, and many others. The book reveals how the Palestinian nationalist movement, which branded these "collaborators" as traitors and persecuted them, how the Zionist movement, which used them to undermine Palestinian society from within and then betrayed them, and how the collaborators themselves developed different views of Palestinian nationalism. Army of Shadows offers a crucial new look at the region's history and raises profound questions about the roots of the Israel-Palestine conflict."--BOOK JACKET.
The history of emigration from eastern europe
Vatican policy on the Palestinian-Israeli conflict : the struggle for the Holy Land
Israel : the first hundred years. Vol. 1, Israel's transition from community to state
From empathy to denial : Arab responses to the Holocaust
The pro-Israel lobby in Europe : the politics of religion and Christian Zionism in the European Union
Biblical interpretation and Middle East policy : the promised land, America, and Israel, 1917-2002
Prophecy and politics : socialism, nationalism and the Russian Jews, 1862-1917
The Vatican and Zionism : conflict in the Holy Land 1895-1925
Israelis and the Jewish tradition : an ancient people debating its future
The truth about Mesopotamia, Palestine & Syria
Grasping land : space and place in contemporary Israeli discourse and experience
The Israel lobby and U.S. foreign policy
Mornings in Jenin
Zionism : the formative years
At home in exile : why diaspora is good for the Jews
The invention of a Nation : Zionist thought and the making of modern Israel
The politics of apocalypse : the history and influence of Christian Zionism
The case of Israel : a study of political Zionism
Between Zionism and Judaism : the radical circle in Brith Shalom, 1925-1933
Ben-Gurion : the burning ground 1886-1948
Bitfutzot hagolah : surveys and monographs on the Zionist movement and the Jewish world : issued on the occasion of the 25-th Zionist congress
Jerusalem : the biography
The gun and the olive branch : the roots of violence in the Middle East
The founding myths of Israel : nationalism, socialism, and the making of the Jewish state
The First Buber : youthful Zionist writings of Martin Buber
British Jewry, Zionism, and the Jewish State, 1936-1956
Out of the frame : the struggle for academic freedom in Israel
The Balfour declaration : the origins of the Arab-Israeli conflict
State of terror : how terrorism created modern Israel
Humanitarian, philanthropist, and campaigner for Jewish emancipation on a grand scale, Sir Moses Montefiore (17841885) was the preeminent Jewish figure of the nineteenth centuryand one of the first truly global celebrities. His story is a remarkable and illuminating tale of diplomacy and adventure. Abigail Green's sweeping biography follows Montefiore through the realms of court and ghetto, tsar and sultan, synagogue and stock exchange.
It takes a dream... : the story of Hadassah
Perceptions of Jewish history
English Zionists and British Jews : the communal politics of Anglo-Jewry, 1895-1920
A history of Israel : from the rise of Zionism to our time
Jews & diaspora nationalism : writings on Jewish peoplehood in Europe and the United States
Jewish emancipation and self-emancipation
Zionism and the foundations of Israeli diplomacy
Jewish liberal politics in tsarist Russia, 1900-1914 : the modernization of Russian Jewry
