http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7272 questions
questions
The elephant's child
Occupied America : a history of Chicanos
"This book invites readers into Elena Ferrante’s workshop. It offers a glimpse into the drawers of her writing desk, those drawers from which emerged her three early standalone novels and the four installments of My Brilliant Friend, known in English as the Neapolitan Quartet. Consisting of over 20 years of letters, essays, reflections, and interviews, it is a unique depiction of an author who embodies a consummate passion for writing. In these pages Ferrante answers many of her readers’ questions. She addresses her choice to stand aside and let her books live autonomous lives. She discusses her thoughts and concerns as her novels are being adapted into films. She talks about the challenge of finding concise answers to interview questions. She explains the joys and the struggles of writing, the anguish of composing a story only to discover that that story isn’t good enough. She contemplates her relationship with psychoanalysis, with the cities she has lived in, with motherhood, with feminism, and with her childhood as a storehouse for memories, impressions, and fantasies. The result is a vibrant and intimate self-portrait of a writer at work,"--Amazon.com.
Complete phlebotomy exam review
Why don't spiders stick to their webs? : and other everyday mysteries of science
Politeness in questions : an analysis of the language teaching textbook dialogues from the 16th century to the 18th century
In which year was the Atari Lynx released? To which character are Pikmin sidekicks? Who was on the cover of Fifa 95? And is Mario Teaches Typing a real game? This fantastic quiz book contains six hundred questions (and answers!) to test your knowledge, from basics a total noob would know all the way through to trivia that would challenge Satoru Iwata himself. With sections including bestsellers, genres, anagrams, henchmen, collectables, accessories and many more, this is an excellent addition to any gamer’s bookshelf.
Brains, bodies, guts and stuff
Test item file for Gleitman's basic psychology
Actually, factually / mind-blowing myths, muddles and misconceptions ; illustrated by Paul Moran ; edited by Sally Pilkington
Green logistics : improving the environmental sustainability of logistics
Behavioural economics saved my dog : life advice for the imperfect human
Will we ever speak dolphin? : and 130 more science questions answered : more questions and answers from the popular 'Last Word' column
Minnesota multiphasic personality inventory MMPI
What if? : serious scientific answers to absurd hypothetical questions
Why do farts smell like rotten eggs?  :  ... and more crazy facts explained
Definitely, maybe
What's age got to do with it? : living your healthiest and happiest life
This book focuses on problems many language students face in developing advanced proficiency in an L2. It adds to the growing body of research into the connection between greater working memory (WM) capacity and L2 development, by investigating correlations between WM and development of L2 English questions in an immersion setting. The book details two longitudinal studies tracking 43 instructed Chinese speakers of English during a year's postgraduate study at universities in the UK. Improvements in oral and written data showed evidence of correlations between WM and L2 development. However, analysis of the data concludes that a year's immersion appears to favour processing existing grammatical knowledge rather than trigger acquisition of new grammatical knowledge, even for those with greater WM. This book will be useful for teachers and students of linguistics, interested in both generative and cognitive studies of SLA, as well as providing an accessible insight for classroom language teachers into the many issues affecting second language development for their students.
A curious mind : the secret to a bigger life
Environmental issues in business education curricula at Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : towards a postmodern curriculum?
Light of the world : the pope, the church, and the signs of the times : a conversation with Peter Seewald
Would you eat your cat? : key ethical conundrums and what they tell you about yourself
Argumentation : approaches to theory formation : containing the contributions to the Groningen Conference on the Theory of Argumentation, October 1978
Mum to mum  : happy memories and honest advice to real mum
"It is hard to imagine our life without questions. They facilitate orientation in our environment, enable interpersonal communication and make the acquisition of knowledge possible. Questions direct scientific research, are used as research tools and are an important medium of transferring knowledge in teaching. The book is intended as a 'par excellence' philosophical monograph of the theory of questions, presenting the most important erotetic problems, their general background and selected practical applications. It is prepared in all fairness to results acquired in the framework of the logical theories of questions but goes beyond this framework."--P. 4 of cover.
Microbiology : PreTest self-assessment and review
Letters to Cathy
Do polar bears get lonely? : and 101 other intriguing science questions : more questions and answers from the popular "Last Word" column
The sustainable enterprise : profiting from best practice
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
Why do ice cubes float?
The psychology of questions
Knowledge and decisions in environmental contexts : a case study of the pulp and paper industry
Essentials of strategic management
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 2, Environmental horticulture
Questioning in the primary school
Environmental policy in the European Union
International business : Adjusting to new challenges and opportunities
Ask John : straight-talking, common sense from the front line of management
On question functions and question strategies among 1st year high school students
Corporate environmental strategy and competitive advantage
Polar tourism : an environmental perspective
Will farts destroy the planet? : and other extremely important questions (and answers) about climate change from the Science Museum
Managerial challenges in environmental innovation : case studies in the electrical equipment and automotive sectors
What about China? : answers to this and other awkward questions about climate change
Pregnancy : all your questions answered
How loud can you burp? : and other extremely important questions (and answers) from the Science Museum
Why you? : 101 interview questions you'll never fear again
300 questions and answers in anatomy and physiology for veterinary nurses
Scientific dishonesty : good scientific practice
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Recent developments in green and sustainable supply chains
Babies  : the Mumsnet guide
Clean mobility and intelligent transport systems
What if : serious scientific answers to absurd hypothetical questions
Atoms under the floorboards : the surprising science hidden in your home
Information technology project management interview questions : IT project management and project management interview questions, answers, and explanations
An introduction to sustainable transportation : policy, planning and implementation
Toolbox for art / Kaija Kaitavuori
Volume two of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places provides detailed considerations of the scientific, managerial and technological concepts which underpin Environmental Horticulture. This discipline returns horticulture to its original values required for the design, husbandry and management of macro- and micro-landscapes and their constituent parts. Expert internationally acclaimed authors describe:- Horticulture and the Environment, Woody Ornamentals, Herbs and Pharmaceuticals, Urban Greening, Rural Trees, Urban Trees, Turfgrass Science, Interior and External Landscaping, Biodiversity, Climate Change and Organic Production. These subjects are united by considerations of the needs for the sustainable use of resources and careful conservation applied wherever Horticulture, natural flora and fauna, and the environment coincide. Horticulture plays a vital role in providing environmental care and supporting natural and man-made rural, urban and peri-urban landscapes.Indeed this discipline founded the basis for ecological studies, environmental science and the analysis and an increased understanding of eco-system services. This is illustrated by the current initiatives such as the development of green eco-towns and garden cities which require fundamental understandings of the controlled manipulation of plants based on the principles and practices of horticultural science for their success. Such concepts are rooted in Horticulture as illustrated by the use of plants throughout the histories of successive civilisations. These values have been vigorously applied for rejuvenating cities and communities which have been afflicted by declining economies, degraded environments, poor employment opportunities, and returning poverty. The presence of healthy plant communities provides significant economic gains in the form of environmental benefits, increased tourism, business and employment opportunities.Considerable cost-benefits are added, such as climatic amelioration, carbon sequestration, providing carbon credits and stormwater attenuation. Particular attention is given in this book to the threats posed by climate change and India is cited as a pertinent case study. Horticulture has much to offer by way of mitigation of the environmental devastation. Each of these topics is given detailed consideration by expert authors of this book.
The art of survival in a time of transition : Nadezhda, Irina and Galina in the Komi Republic / Kenneth Mikko
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
The universe explained to my grandchildren
A major dilemma for businesses has been the struggle to understand how to adopt and implement proactive environmental practices while meeting the core business objectives of growth and competitive advantage. The international contributors - leading scholars in the field of environmental strategy and management - shed light on this difficult balance as they examine the generation and deployment of capabilities, processes, and routines that help a business develop advanced environmental practices while simultaneously lowering costs and creating differentiation benefits.
Do you still think you're clever? : the Oxford and Cambridge questions
Asking questions and interrupting in authentic dialogue and in a script for a TV-drama series
The interrogative mood : a novel?
Ask me anything
Horrid Henry's all time favourite joke book
Asking questions : using meaningful structures to imply ignorance
Question everything : 132 science questions - and their unexpected answers : more questions and answers from the popular 'Last word' column
Could a tiger walk a tightrope? : ... and other questions
Semantics and philosophy
Little why
The big questions in science : the quest to solve the great unknowns
Great answers to tough questions at work
Leading with questions : how leaders find the right solutions by knowing what to ask
A book about American history
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
Role of working memory in SLA : Factors affecting development in L2 English wh-questions
The environment in contexts : environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
Heart health : your questions answered
How to peel a peach : and 1001 other things every good cook needs to know
Test guide for sociology
Even more things that nobody knows : 501 further mysteries of life, the universe and everything
The question book : what makes you tick?
Does anything eat wasps? : and 101 other questions : questions and answers from the popular 'Last Word' column
Managing global environmental issue - preliminary considerations of a liberal global theory
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
Managing human resources for environmental sustainability
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
Multidisciplinary dialogue : wellbeing, technology and environment : extended abstract book
Quality questioning : research-based practice to engage every learner
Harry Potter : the amazing quiz book
Why do we need multilateral environmental agreements to protect the arctic environment?
Why don't penguins' feet freeze? : and 114 other questions : more questions and answers from the popular "Last Word" column
How much do you know about the world of Harry Potter? Do you know every creature, spell, and Hogwarts professor? Who played each character in the films? And what about the many uses for dragon blood? This amazing quiz book features 400 questions to test your knowledge of everything Potter. Moving from easy questions that a muggle could answer through to trivia that the Wizengamot would consider beyond them, this book will be fun for the whole family. Test your Harry Potter knowledge and see if you are the ultimate fan!
Take the test : sample questions from OECD's PISA assessments
"This essential multi-authored work reflects a new sustainable transportation planning paradigm. It explores the concepts of sustainable development and sustainable transportation, describes practical techniques for comprehensive evaluation, provides tools for multi-modal transport planning, and presents innovative mobility management solutions to transportation problems. Students of various disciplines, planners, policymakers and concerned citizens will find many of its provocative ideas and approaches of considerable value as they engage in the processes of understanding and changing transportation towards greater sustainability. This text reflects a fundamental change in transportation decision making. It focuses on accessibility rather than mobility, emphasizes the need to expand the range of options and impacts considered in analysis, and provides practical tools to allow planners, policy makers and the general public to determine the best solution to the transportation problems facing a community."--Publisher's description.
Learning to question, questioning to learn : developing effective teacher questioning practices
Really really big questions about life, the Universe and everything
Tag questions and their discourse functions with a view from translating from English to Finnish
The dialogue of Glasgow adolescents and questions as an aid in conversation construction
The Cricket quiz book
Sustainable tourism : a global perspective
Constructing questions for interviews and questionnaires : theory and practice in social research
Multi-unit questions in institutional interactions : sequential organizations and communicative functions
Foreign direct investment, clean development mechanism, and environmental management : a case of Sub-Saharan Africa
An indispensable handbook of tools and advice for environmentally responsible organizations.
'May I ask! : Question frames in institutional interaction
The right chemistry : 108 enlightening, nutritious, health-conscious and occasionally bizarre inquiries into the science of everyday life
Dear Santa : [the best letters ever written to Father Christmas]
The ultimate video game quiz book
First 3 years : ECO2 - eco-efficient Tampere 2020
How much poo does an elephant do? : ...and further fascinating facts!
"Mali's mining sector has grown greatly since the early 1990s, and is now the second largest source of export income. But while the state receives significant revenues, at the local level mining operations have been associated with loss of land rights and environmental pollution. This study identifies legal tools that can be used by local people to better secure their land rights and to participate more effectively in investment decisions and benefits. It assesses the strengths and weaknesses of these tools, and the opportunities and constraints associated with them. It also considers ways to increase their effectiveness, and identifies next steps for policy engagement and capacity building work. In some areas this pressure is exacerbated by increased investment in the mining sector, which adds another dimension to the issue - greater need for local participation in decision-making processes, transparency in negotiating contracts, proper compensation and a share of the profits generated by the extractive industry. Legal tools that can be used by local communities take on a particular relevance in these areas." --Provided by publisher.
Succeed on the GMAT : study book : comprehensive preparation for the computer-adaptive test, test-taking strategies
Legal tools for citizen empowerment : increasing local participation and benefit in Mali's mining sector
Could a shark do gymnastics? : ... and other questions
The right to be a part of nature : indigenous peoples and the environment
What do we really know? : the big questions of philosophy
Why you need a passport when you*re going to puke : fascinating facts from around the world!
Tourism : change, impacts and opportunities
The logic of questions and answers
The Baltic Sea region 2014 : ten policy-oriented articles from scholars of the University of Turku
The environment in the headlines : newspaper coverage of climate change and eutrophication in Finland
Determinants of the voting outcome : a look into shareholder proposals in social and environmental issues in the U.S. in 2006 and 2007
Interpreting questions
"Shiner the sun?" : question development in the writing of Finnish learners of English
300 Questions and answers in radiography and fluid therapy for veterinary nurses
The I used to know that activity book : stuff you forgot from school
Theory of questions : erotetics through the prism of its philosophical background and practical applications
The 10 principles of food industry sustainability
The groundwater pollution of Korneuburg, Austria : its issue life-cycle in the public discourse and collaboration and confrontation strategies of actors
Life cycle analysis
The Estonians' final separation from Russianism : Estonian-Russian relations in Estonia 1921-1925
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
Tourism: Change, Impacts and Opportunities provides a comprehensive and balanced discussion of the impacts of tourism. The authors address the nature of tourism and tourists and the economic, physical and social impact that can result from their activity. New approaches to impact assessment are also considered. A wide range of examples from developed and developing countries illustrate the points raised in the text. This timely and perceptive book is essential reading for anyone involved in tourism planning or development and is also suitable for students of geography, planning, economics and sociology.
Beyond rhetorical questions : assertive questions in everyday interaction
Socratic epistemology : explorations of knowledge-seekingby questioning
Actually, factually : mind-blowing myths, muddles and misconceptions
Environmental arguments : product marketing of paper machine
Although the food industry is beginning to make headway with its sustainability initiatives, substantially more progress is needed in order to feed the world's growing population sustainably. The challenge is that the topic of sustainability can seem overwhelming and there is limited information that is specific to the food industry. Written by an experienced food industry professional with years of experience in sustainability, The 10 Principles of Food Industry Sustainability inspires and informs the progress required to nourish the population, revitalize natural resources, enhance economic development, and close resource loops. The book makes this complex topic approachable and actionable by identifying the most pressing sustainability priorities across the entire food supply chain and showing, with tools and examples, how producers, processors, packers, distributors, marketers and retailers all play a role in advancing improvement. The book begins with an overview of the Principles of sustainability in the food industry: what they are and why they matter. Subsequent chapters focus on each of the Ten Principles in detail: how they relate to the food industry, their global relevance (including their environmental, health, and social impacts), and the best practices to achieve the potential of meaningful and positive progress that the Principles offer. Specific examples from industry are presented in order to provide scalable solutions and bring the concepts to life, along with top resources for further exploration. The Principles, practices, and potential of sustainability in the food industry covered in this book are designed to be motivating and to offer a much-needed and clear way forward towards a sustainable food supply.
Thinking of answers : questions in the philosophy of everyday life
The intonation of English statements and questions : a compositional interpretation
Don't wipe your bum with a hedgehog
Success! in phlebotomy : a Q & A review
Environmental management in organizations : the IEMA handbook
The 7 powers of questions : secrets to successful communication in life and at work
The effect of interrogative function on intonation in spontaneous and read Finnish
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
Environmental management systems : understanding organisational drivers and barriers
Why do robins have red breasts? : all your wildlife questions answered
Unique focus : languages without multiple wh-questions
Popular(ized) environmental rhetoric : a toulminian approach
Pragmatics and the logic of questions and assertions
An industry in transition : environmental significance of strategic reaction and proaction mechanisms of the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Why spacemen can't burp
Instructional strategies for middle and high school : second edition
What Einstein didn't know : scientific answers to everyday questions
A new approach to the logical theory of interrogatives : analysis and formalization
Oscar and the frog :  a book about growing
Maternal-newborn nursing
Robots and the whole technology story
Wind energy - the facts : a guide to the technology, economics and future of wind power
Paying farmers for environmental services
Fly without fear : the only book you'll ever need to conquer your fear
The sustainable enterprise fieldbook : when it all comes together
