http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7273 Heaven
Heaven
The iconography of heaven / edited by Clifford Davidson
The five people you meet in heaven
Heaven is for real : a little boy's astounding story of his trip to heaven and back
The division of the sky
Imagining heaven in the middle ages : a book of essays
Theology : the basic readings
Place and orientation are important aspects of human experience. Place evokes geography and culture and conjures up history and myth. Place is not only a particular physical location but an idea, a mental construction that captures and directs the human relationship to the world. The contributors to this volume invite us to reflect on the significance of places, real and imagined, in the religious traditions they study and on how places are known, imagined, remembered and struggled for. Whether looking at the ways myth and ritual reinforce the Yoruba's bond to the land or at Australian Aboriginal engagements with the origins of the created world, exploring Hildegard of Bingen's experience of heaven or myths of the underworld in contemporary American millennialism, listening to oral narratives of divine politics and deserted places of Rajasthan or investigating literal and literary images of the Promised Land, these essays underscore that place is constructed in the intersection of material conditions, political realities, narrative and ritual performance.
Welcome to Paradise : Heaven and paradise in American, British and Irish rock lyrics, 1971–2011
The worship of nature
Proof of heaven : a neurosurgeon's journey into the afterlife
90 minutes in heaven : a true story of death and life
Heaven is for real for kids
Visions of heaven and hell before Dante
Paradise mislaid : how we lost heaven - and how we can regain it
Heaven, hell, and the afterlife : eternity in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Volume 2, End time and afterlife in Christianity
The iconography of heaven
Round trips to heaven : otherworldly travelers in early Judaism and Christianity
Dying to wake up : a doctor's voyage into the afterlife and the wisdom he brought back
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
One of the most profound, deeply affecting questions we face as human beings is the matter of our mortality--and its connection to immorality. Ancient animist ghost cultures, Egyptian mummification, late Jewish hopes of resurrection, Christian eternal salvation, Muslim belief in hell and paradise all spring from a remarkably consistent impulse to tether a triumph over death to our conduct in life. In After Lives, British scholar John Casey provides a rich historical and philosophical exploration of the world beyond, from the ancient Egyptians to St. Thomas Aquinas, from Martin Luther to modern Mormons. In a lively, wide-ranging discussion, he examines such topics as predestination, purgatory, Spiritualism, the Rapture, Armageddon and current Muslim apocalyptics, as well as the impact of such influences as the New Testament, St. Augustine, Dante, and the Second Vatican Council. Ideas of heaven and hell, Casey argues, illuminate how we understand the ultimate nature of sin, justice, punishment, and our moral sense itself. The concepts of eternal bliss and eternal punishment express--and test--our ideas of good and evil. For example, the ancient Egyptians saw the afterlife as flowing from ma'at, a sense of being in harmony with life, a concept that includes truth, order, justice, and the fundamental law of the universe. "It is an optimistic view of life," he writes. "It is an ethic that connects wisdom with moral goodness." Perhaps just as revealing, Casey finds, are modern secular interpretations of heaven and hell, as he probes the place of goodness, virtue, and happiness in the age of psychology and scientific investigation. With elegant writing, a magisterial grasp of a vast literary and religious history, and moments of humor and irony, After Lives sheds new light on the question of life, death, and morality in human culture.
Wish. 3
The North Light pocket guide to painting skies
A brief history of heaven
Stories in the stars : an atlas of constellations
Visions of heaven and hell / Richard Cavendish
Experiences of place
Sweet dreams
The rabbinic utopia
Heavenly realms and earthly realities in late antique religions
Wish. 4
Surviving death
Flight to heaven : a pilot's true story : a plane crash, a lone survivor, a journey to heaven and - back
Proceedings of the Colloquium on Paradise and Hell in Islam : Keszthely, 7-14 July 2002.. Part 1
After lives : a guide to heaven, hell, and purgatory
In heaven, we will meet our friends: this was one of the most conspicuous expectations Christians had, and continue to have, of life after death. While the theme as such is almost as old as Christianity, it came to flourish only in early-modern times, peaking in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. This book explores how the rediscovery and developemnt of the 'meeting again' theme by authors such as John Bunyan and Emanuel Swedenborg and by the artist William Blake created a specifically modern heaven. Giving priority to an eternity of continuing earthly passions and family ties, the modern notion of heaven contrasts with earlier, God-centred notions of an eternal saintly solitude spent contemplating God in 'beatific vision'."--Cover, p. 4.
Patristic universalism : an alternative to the traditional view of divine judgment
104 questions children ask about heaven & angels
House of secrets omnibus
Heaven : the logic of eternal joy
Heaven, hell, and the afterlife : eternity in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Volume 1, End time and afterlife in Judaism
The fate of the dead : studies on the Jewish and Christian apocalypses
Estimation methods for sky radiance distribution from multipyranometer observations
Tiantan = The temple of heaven
This is the end
Heaven is beautiful : how dying taught me that death is just the beginning
The unseen world : Christian reflections on angels, demons and the heavenly realm
The dirty streets of heaven : a Bobby Dollar novel
The quest for paradise : visions of heaven and eternity in the world's myths and religions
Sea and sky in oils : painting the atmosphere and majesty of the sea
Painting skies and clouds
Envisaging heaven in the Middle Ages
What in God's name
Muisti on valon toinen kieli = Memory is the other language of light
Dante and the medieval other world
The early history of heaven
Heaven, hell, and the afterlife : eternity in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Volume 3, End time and afterlife in Islamic, Buddhist, and indigenous cultures
Heaven is for real
Thomas Fool alone has survived the wrath of both demon and angel, and now he faces his most thrilling and complex challenge. Troubling and deadly fires are spreading throughout Hell, and it is Fool's job to sift the ashes and find their source. The clues he finds are mysterious and unsettling, implying something different from the usual litany of cruelty he sees. But one fact is the most disconcerting: the fires have left his masters at the Bureaucracy terrified. In the midst of the chaos, Fool is sent to accompany a political delegation to Heaven. It is unprecedented for a condemned human to enter the land of the elevated, but Fool is protected as one of Hell's own. When his arrival coincides with the discovery of an impossible murder, he faces a catastrophic paradox. Violence, corruption, and fear are Hell's currency; how does one investigate evil where those concepts cannot exist? Impossible or not, the killings are real, and the evidence leads Fool deep into the contradictions of a visionary landscape, where danger can present itself in any form, and to the heart of a conspiracy with the power to upset the balance of Heaven and Hell.
Iron khan : a detective inspector Chen novel
The Devil's evidence
Seeking heaven : sound journeys into the beyond
Medieval visions of heaven and hell : a sourcebook
Wish. 1
Wish. 2
Cave and cosmos : shamanic encounters with another reality
Meeting in heaven : modernising the Christian afterlife, 1600-2000
The Iron Khan : a detective inspector Chen novel
Heaven : [Kunsthalle Düsseldorf] / [curator:] Doreet LeVitte Harten
Sound effects : sounds of earth, sea, and sky
Dr Rajiv Parti was the last man to believe in heaven or hell - until he saw them with his own eyes. Dr Parti was a wealthy man of science with a successful career as the Chief of Anesthesiology at the Bakersfield Heart Hospital in California. He demanded the same success from his son, whose failures provoked episodes of physical abuse from Dr Parti. However, his fate was overturned in 2005, when he was diagnosed with cancer. During his seventh operation against the disease, dying from sepsis with a 105 degree fever, Dr Parti left his body and watched his own operation from the ceiling. What followed was a profound near-death experience, in which Dr Parti was met by archangels and his deceased father, who led him to witness both heaven and hell. From the angels, he learned lessons of spiritual health that they insisted he bring down to earth - to do so, Dr Parti knew he had to change his ways. After his near-death experience, Dr Parti awoke a new man.
Revelations : the 11 years of Taivas
How high is the sky?
Sea & sky in acrylics : techniques & inspiration
Will there be free will in heaven? : freedom, impeccability, and beatitude
Heaven and earth in the Gospel of Matthew
Maps of heaven, maps of hell : religious terror as memory from the Puritans to Stephen King
Proceedings of the Colloquium on Paradise and Hell in Islam : Keszthely, 7-14 July 2002.. Part 2
The lovely bones : a novel
The essence of everything : an appreciation of Mirkka Rekola's work
The oil painter's guide to painting skies
The Devil's detective
The map of heaven : how science, religion, and ordinary people are proving the afterlife
Heaven : a history
The map of heaven : a neurosurgeon explores the mysteries of the afterlife and the truth about what lies beyond
The dream in Islam : from Qur'anic tradition to Jihadist inspiration
The good, the bad and the infernal
Painting the effects of weather
Sweet and blessed country : the Christian hope for heaven
Legends of the earth, sea, and sky : an encyclopedia of nature myths
