http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7275 hell
hell
Hellspawn. The complete collection
The devil's trench coat
Hellboy in Hell. [2], The death card
Bloody carnations
Dr Rajiv Parti was the last man to believe in heaven or hell - until he saw them with his own eyes. Dr Parti was a wealthy man of science with a successful career as the Chief of Anesthesiology at the Bakersfield Heart Hospital in California. He demanded the same success from his son, whose failures provoked episodes of physical abuse from Dr Parti. However, his fate was overturned in 2005, when he was diagnosed with cancer. During his seventh operation against the disease, dying from sepsis with a 105 degree fever, Dr Parti left his body and watched his own operation from the ceiling. What followed was a profound near-death experience, in which Dr Parti was met by archangels and his deceased father, who led him to witness both heaven and hell. From the angels, he learned lessons of spiritual health that they insisted he bring down to earth - to do so, Dr Parti knew he had to change his ways. After his near-death experience, Dr Parti awoke a new man.
Lady Death : Origins. Volume 2
The Devil's detective
Love in hell. 3
Ridin' high, livin'free : hell-raising motorscycle stories
Neverfall : an Everneath novella
Everbound
Proceedings of the Colloquium on Paradise and Hell in Islam : Keszthely, 7-14 July 2002.. Part 1
Phantom Pains
Jheronimus Bosch : his sources : 2nd International Jheronimus Bosch Conference : Jheronimus Bosch Art Center, 's-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands, May 22 -25, 2007 / [copy editors: Jill Bradley ... [et al.]
Medieval visions of heaven and hell : a sourcebook
The perdition score
One of the most profound, deeply affecting questions we face as human beings is the matter of our mortality--and its connection to immorality. Ancient animist ghost cultures, Egyptian mummification, late Jewish hopes of resurrection, Christian eternal salvation, Muslim belief in hell and paradise all spring from a remarkably consistent impulse to tether a triumph over death to our conduct in life. In After Lives, British scholar John Casey provides a rich historical and philosophical exploration of the world beyond, from the ancient Egyptians to St. Thomas Aquinas, from Martin Luther to modern Mormons. In a lively, wide-ranging discussion, he examines such topics as predestination, purgatory, Spiritualism, the Rapture, Armageddon and current Muslim apocalyptics, as well as the impact of such influences as the New Testament, St. Augustine, Dante, and the Second Vatican Council. Ideas of heaven and hell, Casey argues, illuminate how we understand the ultimate nature of sin, justice, punishment, and our moral sense itself. The concepts of eternal bliss and eternal punishment express--and test--our ideas of good and evil. For example, the ancient Egyptians saw the afterlife as flowing from ma'at, a sense of being in harmony with life, a concept that includes truth, order, justice, and the fundamental law of the universe. "It is an optimistic view of life," he writes. "It is an ethic that connects wisdom with moral goodness." Perhaps just as revealing, Casey finds, are modern secular interpretations of heaven and hell, as he probes the place of goodness, virtue, and happiness in the age of psychology and scientific investigation. With elegant writing, a magisterial grasp of a vast literary and religious history, and moments of humor and irony, After Lives sheds new light on the question of life, death, and morality in human culture.
Undead and done
Four views on hell
Highway to Hell
Heaven, hell, and the afterlife : eternity in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Volume 3, End time and afterlife in Islamic, Buddhist, and indigenous cultures
Practicing the afterlife : perspectives from Japan
Constantine. 4, The Apocalypse road
Demons : visions of evil in art
The problem of pain
The dirty streets of heaven : a Bobby Dollar novel
Light in darkness : Hans Urs von Balthasar and the Catholic doctrine of Christ's descent into Hell
Cherubs!
The Prince of Darkness : radical evil and the power of good in history
When sex slave Lededje Y'breq is murdered by a politician on the planet Sichult, the artificial intelligence running one of the Culture's immense starships resurrects her so she can seek revenge. Meanwhile, the Culture is uneasily watching the conflict over whether to preserve virtual Hells for the souls of "sinners" or give them the release of death.
Vampire Queen Betsy Taylor continues her rule in Hell in the scorchingly funny finale to the Undead series from New York Times bestselling author MaryJanice Davidson. It had been a well-kept secret for centuries, but now the existence of vampires is all over the news, thanks to Betsy Taylor's half sister (and frustrated former Antichrist), Laura. Life for the undead will never be the same, and it's up to Betsy to do some damage control. But her interview on the local news doesn't exactly put out the fire. It more or less pours kerosene on it. With all the added attention on supernatural beings, the werewolves are more than a little agitated (never a good thing) and demand that Betsy gets her interview skills, and her family, in order. And while things go from bad to worse in the world, Hell continues to be hell--especially when Betsy's new parole program gets about as complicated as you'd expect. With a PR team launching a vampire-friendly campaign, the Devil at large and out to make trouble, and mermaids on hand to see who falls--and how hard--the end isn't just near. It's here. And if anyone knows how to go out with a bang, it's the Queen of Hell.
Constantine. Volume 1 : the spark and the flame
Love in hell. 1
Heaven, hell, and the afterlife : eternity in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Volume 2, End time and afterlife in Christianity
Death and cigarettes
The legend of hell : an examination of the idea of everlasting punishment : with a chapter on apocalyptic
Patristic universalism : an alternative to the traditional view of divine judgment
The credal affirmation, 'he descended to the dead', has attracted a plethora of views over the centuries and many Christians today struggle to explain the meaning of these words. This book explores various interpretations of the doctrine of Christ's descent to the dead, both within particular historical contexts and within contemporary theology. Laufer argues that the descensus clause, Christ's descent, is integral to Christian faith, specifically to the doctrine of the incarnation. If we are to affirm that, in Christ, God became truly human then that affirmation must include his sharing in the state of being dead that is the ultimate consequence of being human. Laufer concludes that, since the Son has experienced genuine human death and the separation from God which is the essence of hell, there is no longer any human condition from which God is absent, either in this life or in eternity. Christ's descent means that he is truly 'hell's destruction'. Drawing on a treasure trove of writings from the western theological tradition, including Luther, Calvin, Maurice, Balthasar, Moltmann and others, and attending to historical, theological, exegetical, philosophical and pastoral issues, this book explores an often-ignored doctrine which lies at the core of Christian life, death and faith.
The box of demons
Issuant views of hell in contemporary Anglo-American theology
A season in hell
The Devil's evidence
Everneath
Damned : life is short, death is forever
The iconography of the Mouth of hell : eighth-century Britain to the fifteenth century
Constantine. Volume 3 : The voice in the fire
Love in hell. 2
An archaeology of hell : fire, water and sin in Christianity
Why hell stinks of sulfur : mythology and geology of the underworld
Beyond death : the gates of consciousness
Christ the conqueror of hell : the descent into Hades from an Orthodox perspective
Thomas Fool alone has survived the wrath of both demon and angel, and now he faces his most thrilling and complex challenge. Troubling and deadly fires are spreading throughout Hell, and it is Fool's job to sift the ashes and find their source. The clues he finds are mysterious and unsettling, implying something different from the usual litany of cruelty he sees. But one fact is the most disconcerting: the fires have left his masters at the Bureaucracy terrified. In the midst of the chaos, Fool is sent to accompany a political delegation to Heaven. It is unprecedented for a condemned human to enter the land of the elevated, but Fool is protected as one of Hell's own. When his arrival coincides with the discovery of an impossible murder, he faces a catastrophic paradox. Violence, corruption, and fear are Hell's currency; how does one investigate evil where those concepts cannot exist? Impossible or not, the killings are real, and the evidence leads Fool deep into the contradictions of a visionary landscape, where danger can present itself in any form, and to the heart of a conspiracy with the power to upset the balance of Heaven and Hell.
The iconography of Hell
House of secrets omnibus
Inferno
Heaven, hell, and the afterlife : eternity in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Volume 1, End time and afterlife in Judaism
Hell in contemporary literature : Western descent narratives since 1945
The harrowing of hell in medieval England
Punishment, atonement and merit in modern philosophy of religion
Hell's destruction : an exploration of Christ's descent to the dead
Girl of nightmares
Constantine. Volume 2, Blight
The scarlet gospels
Proceedings of the Colloquium on Paradise and Hell in Islam : Keszthely, 7-14 July 2002.. Part 2
After lives : a guide to heaven, hell, and purgatory
Lady Death : Origins. Volume 1
Maps of heaven, maps of hell : religious terror as memory from the Puritans to Stephen King
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
The history of Hell
Hell and its afterlife : historical and contemporary perspectives
Once upon a time in hell
Dante's Divine comedy : hell : purgatory : paradise
Apokopos : a fifteenth century Greek (Veneto-Cretan) catabasis in the vernacular : synoptic edition with an introduction, commentary and index verborum
Satan : a biography
The problem of hell
Painkiller : hell & damnation : uncut : PlayStation 3
Hellboy in Hell. [1] : The descent
Barth on the descent into hell : God, atonement, and the Christian life
The formation of hell : death and retribution in the ancient and early Christian worlds
Happy hour in hell
The fear of hell : images of damnation and salvation in early modern Europe
The doctrine of hell presents the most intractable version of the problem of evil, for though it might be argued that ordinary pain and evil can somehow be compensated for by the course of future experience, the pain and suffering of hell leads nowhere. This work develops an understanding of hell that is common to a broad variety of religious perspectives, and argues that the usual understandings of hell are incapable of solving the problem of hell. Kvanvig first argues that the traditional understanding of hell found in Christianity suffers from moral and epistemological inadequacies. Historically, these shortcomings lead to alternatives to the traditional doctrine of hell, such as universalism, annihilationism, or the second chance doctrine. Kvanvig shows, however, that the typical alternatives to the traditional understanding are inadequate as well. He argues that both the traditional understanding and the typical alternatives fail to solve the problem of hell because they share the common flaw of being constructed on a retributive model of hell. Kvanvig then develops a philosophical account of hell which does not depend on a retributive model and argues that it is adequate on both philosophical and theological grounds.
Razing hell : rethinking everything you've been taught about God's wrath and judgment
Torment
Everbound : an Everneath novel
Dying to wake up : a doctor's voyage into the afterlife and the wisdom he brought back
Through no fault of their own? : the fate of those who have never heard
Visions of heaven and hell / Richard Cavendish
Universalism and the doctrine of hell : papers presented at the Fourth Edinburgh Conference in Christian Dogmatics, 1991
Heaven, Hell and the Victorians
Christ and the future in New Testament history
Visions of heaven and hell before Dante
