http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p727 Judaism
Judaism
Judaistisk forskning, 1970-1975 : Nordisk bibliografi = Bibliography of research in Jewish studies in Scandinavia, 1970-1975
The essential Talmud
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Nine Talmudic readings
Let there be laughter : a treasury of great Jewish humor & what it all means
Judaism : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
Tevye the dairyman and Motl the cantor's son
The story of the Jews : finding the words 1000 BCE-1492 CE
Take Judaism, for example : studies toward the comparison of religions
The blind side of the heart
Paul and his interpreters : a critical history
We want Moshiach now! : understanding the Messianic message in the Jewish Chabad-Lubavitch movement
A gay synagogue in New York
The legends of the Jews. 2, Bible times and characters from Joseph to the Exodus
The simple guide to Judaism
The idea of the Jewish state
Dictionary of Jewish : lore and legend
The legends of the Jews. 6, Notes to Volumes 3 and 4 from Moses in the Wilderness to Esther
Jewish cooking from around the world
Biblical scholars have long claimed that the Israelites "could not conceive of a disembodied nefesh [soul]." In this book, Richard C. Steiner rejects that claim based on a broad spectrum of textual, linguistic, archaeological, and anthropological evidence spanning the millennia from prehistoric times to the present. The biblical evidence includes a prophecy of Ezekiel condemning women who pretend to trap the wandering souls of sleeping people - prophecy that has been only partially understood until now because of the obscure technical terms that it contains. The extrabiblical evidence suggests that a belief in the existence of disembodied souls was part of the common religious heritage of the peoples of the ancient Near East.--Provided by publisher.
Message to Adolf. Part 1.
Sign language in Judaism
Portrait of Jacques Derrida as a young jewish saint
God is a verb : Kabbalah and the practice of mystical Judaism
The guards of the tomb (Matt 27:62-66 and 28:11-15) : Matthew's apologetic legend revised
Priestly rule : polemic and biblical interpretation in Ezekiel 44
The Little book of Jewish celebrations
Rabbinic Judaism : structure and system
Passover
Zohar : the book of splendor : basic readings from the Kabbalah
Commentary on the Torah : with a new English translation and the Hebrew text
Law in the Documents of the Judaean Desert
Friday the rabbi slept late
Philosophical writings : selections
The Jewish quarterly review
A history of Israelite religion in the Old Testament period. Vol. 2, From the exile to the Maccabees
The Pharisees
Economics in Persian-period biblical texts : their interactions with economic developments in the Persian period and earlier biblical traditions
A popular dictionary of Judaism
Sunday the rabbi stayed home
The Jewish religion : a guide to the principles and practices of Judaism for parents, teachers and laymen
The complete idiot's guide to understanding Judaism
Beyond the verse : Talmudic readings and lectures
A rabbi reads the Psalms
The visual dimension : aspects of Jewish art : published in memory of Isaiah Shachar (1935-1977)
The legends of the Jews. 4, Bible times and characters from Joshua to Esther
An introduction to Judaism
Saturday the Rabbi went hungry
The Routledge dictionary of Judaism
Judaic ceremonial objects in Romania
Captivity
The world's religions
Judaism viewed from within and from without : anthropological studies
The story of the Holy Land : a visual history
The Kabbalistic tradition : an anthology of Jewish mysticism
Monday the rabbi took off
Jewish studies in the Nordic countries today : based on papers presented at the conference arranged by the Donner Institute for Research in Religious and Cultural History, Åbo Akademi University, Turku/Åbo, Finland, on 25-27 March 2015
Let there be laughter : A Treasury of Great Jewish Humor and What It All Means
The role of religion in marriage and family counselingIntroducing second language acquisition
Judaism and other religions : models of understanding
Once & Then
The new complete international Jewish cookbook
Dogma in medieval Jewish thought : from Maimonides to Abravanel
Herzl : Theodore Herzl and the foundation of the Jewish State
Judaism after the death of "The Death of God"
Jewish prayer and worship : an introduction for Christians
Kabbalah : tradition of hidden knowledge
Envisioning Judaism : studies in honor of Peter Schäfer on the occasion of his seventieth birthday. Volume 1
Monday morning cooking club : the feast goes on
Beyond the text : a holistic approach to liturgy
The golem of Paris
Jewish mysticism : an anthology
Early modes of exegesis : ideal figures in Malachi as a test case
What do jews believe ? : The jewish faith examined
The Jewish contribution to civilisation
Collected writings in Jewish studies
Exploring Judaism : collected essays of David Kraemer
Souls on fire : portraits and legends of Hasidic masters
Divination, politics, and ancient Near Eastern empires
The Talmud of Babylonia : an academic commentary. 9, Bavli Tractate Taanit
Judaism in society : the evidence of the Yerushalmi : toward the natural history of a religion
Issues in contemporary Judaism
The book of Jewish customs
Themes and issues in Judaism
The legends of the Jews. 5, Notes to Volumes 1 and 2 from the Creation to the Exodus
Words of power : studies in Rabbinic authority and literature
eBook Religion Collection
Women and gender in Jewish philosophy
The story of God
The sages : their concepts and beliefs
A backhanded gift : a novel
Tuesday the rabbi saw red
Concise dictionary of Judaism
The wisdom in the Hebrew alphabet : the sacred letters as guide to Jewish deed and thought
36 arguments for the existence of God : a work of fiction
The legends of the Jews. 1, Bible times and characters from the creation to Jacob
A faith like mine : a celebration of the world's religions : seen through the eyes of children
The wonder spot
The legends of the Jews. 3, Bible times and characters from the Exodus to the death of Moses
All that is
Jewish New Testament : a translation of the New Testament that expresses its Jewishness
On heaven and Earth : Pope Francis on faith, family, and the church in the twenty-first century
The formation of the Pentateuch : bridging the academic cultures of Europe, Israel, and North America
Two worlds of Judaism : the Israeli and American experiences
The Mishnah : a new translation
Daughters of the vale of tears : ethnographic approach with socio-historical and religious emphasis to family welfare in the Messianic Jewish Movement in Ukraine 2000
The garden of Emuna : a practical guide to life
All that is : a novel
Particularism and universalism in modern Jewish thought
Synagogue life : a study in symbolic interaction
Jews : their religious beliefs and practices
Then
The complete astrological handbook for the twenty-first century : understanding and combining the wisdom of Chinese, Tibetan, Vedic, Arabian, Judaic, and western astrology
The Messianic idea in Judaism : and other essays on Jewish spirituality
Golden doves with silver dots : semiotics and textuality in in Rabbinic tradition
Wednesday the rabbi got wet
The way of Torah : an introduction to Judaism
Message to Adolf. part 2
Jewish cooking, Jewish cooks
The Disciplina clericalis of Petrus Alfonsi
Difficult freedom : essays on Judaism
Shadows of the shoah : Jewish identity and belonging
Understanding seeking faith : essays on the case of Judaism. Vol. 4, Judaism then and now
Thursday the rabbi walked out
The story of Judaism
The many faces of Judaism : Jewish studies for the busy person
Under one heaven : Poles and Jews
In Ishmael's house : history of Jews in Muslim lands
The Pentateuch lies at the heart of the Western humanities. Yet despite nearly two centuries of scholarship, its historical origins and its literary history are still a subject of intense discussion. Critical scholarship has isolated multiple layers of tradition, inconsistent laws, and narratives that could only have originated from separate communities within ancient Israel, and were joined together at a relatively late stage by a process of splicing and editing. In effect, a number of independent scholarly discourses have emerged. Each centers on the Pentateuch, each operates with its own set of working assumptions, and each is confident of its own claims. This volume seeks to stimulate international discussion about the Pentateuch in order to help the discipline move toward a set of shared assumptions and a common discourse.
Disembodied souls : the Nefesh in Israel and kindred spirits in the ancient Near East, with an appendix on the Katumuwa Inscription
The New Testament and Hellenistic Judaism
Jewish
Must a Jew believe anything?
Jews and gentiles in early Jewish novels
The atlas of world religions
We are on our own  : a memoir
Israel. I-II : its life and culture
Jewish book art between Islam and Christianity : the decoration of Hebrew bibles in medieval Spain
Once
Where the bird sings best
The Jewish foundation of Islam
Judaism in the first centuries of the Christian era : The age of Tannaim
The legends of the Jews. 7, Index
Israel. III-IV: its life and culture
Dhammaan noocyada caqiidooyinka = All kinds of beliefs
The world's religions : understanding the living faiths
Post-exilic polemic over the priesthood -- Ezekiel 44 in modern scholarship -- History and hermeneutics, redaction and reception -- Methodological issues in examining inner-biblical interpretation -- Methodological issues in redaction-criticism -- Overview and prospect -- The rule of priests -- Yhwh's reproach of Israel -- The identity of the foreigners in Ezekiel 44 -- Isaiah 56 and its relationship to Ezekiel 44 -- Yhwh's reproach -- The word of Judgement -- The Levites of Ezekiel 44 -- A Torah concerning the Levites -- The sins of the past -- Bearing sin -- The sons of Zadok -- The composition of Ezekiel 44:6¿16 -- The rules for priests -- The continuation of the divine oracle in the priestly rules -- The priests and their inheritance -- The priests and their vestments -- Priestly conduct -- The instruction concerning hair -- The instruction concerning alcohol -- The instruction concerning marital partners -- The instruction concerning teaching and judicial roles -- The instruction concerning dead bodies -- The relationship between the instructions in Ezekiel 44 and Leviticus 10 and 21 -- The structure and composition of the rules in Ezekiel 44:20:27 -- The missing high priest -- Priestly perquisites -- A pentateuchal compendium -- A précis of priestly income -- Giving each its due -- The prohibition against consuming animal carcasses -- The composition of Eekiel 44:6:31 -- Zadok and the sons of Zadok in Second Temple Judaism -- Zadok and his family in the Book of Chronicles -- The sons of Zadok at Qumran and in the Damascus document -- The sons of Zadok in Ben Sira -- Josephus and the Zadokites -- The Sadducees -- Conclusion -- Conclusions -- Text and historical reality -- The end of the Zadokites -- The beginnings of the Levites -- The Hebrew Bible and the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Priests and cults in the Book of the Twelve
Judaism : an introduction
How Mirka caught a fish
American dervish
Bridge between the Testaments : a reappraisal of Judaism from the Exile to the birth of Christianity
God in search of man : a philosophy of Judaism
Dictionary of Jewish lore and legend
Large-scale economic change such as the rise of coinage occurred during the Persian-dominated centuries (6th-4th centuries BCE) in the Eastern Mediterranean and ancient Near East. How do the biblical texts of the time respond to such developments? In this study, Peter Altmann lays out foundational economic conceptions from the ancient Near East and earlier biblical traditions in order to show how Persian-period biblical texts build on these traditions to address the challenges of their day. Economic issues are central for how Ezra and Nehemiah approach the topics of temple building and of Judean self-understanding, and economics are also important for other Persian-period texts. Following significant interaction with the material culture and extra-biblical texts, the author devotes special attention to the ascendancy of economics and its theological and identity implications as structuring metaphors for divine action and human community in the Persian period.- book flap
Judaic ethics for a lawless world
On being a Jew
The Jews of Khazaria
The Talmud of Babylonia : an academic commentary. 16, Bavli Tractate Nazir
Judaism for today
To life! : a celebration of Jewish being and thinking
Roseannearchy : dispatches from the nut farm
History of Jewish philosophy
The legend of the Baal-Shem
Prophetic oracles in the books of Isaiah and Ezekiel evidence tensions about the Jerusalem temple and its priesthood in Persian Yehud. MacDonald's Priestly Rule challenges the scholarly consensus about how these texts relate to each other. He demonstrates how important written prophetic oracles were in the early Jewish community and disputes the dominance of a Zadokite priestly family in the Second Temple period.
The transformation of the Jews
Art therapy, race and culture
The Tosefta : translated from Hebrew. 4th division, Nezigin = (The order of damages)
Evolving nationalism : homeland, identity, and religion in Israel, 1925-2005
Kabbalah, science and the meaning of life
Kabbalah for beginners : a beginner's guide to hidden wisdom
From the host of NPR affiliates Forum with Michael Krasny, a compendium of Jewish jokes that packs the punches with hilarious riff after riff and also offers a window into Jewish culture.Michael Krasny has been telling Jewish jokes since his bar mitzvah, and its been said that he knows more of them than anyone on the planet. He certainly states his case in this wise, enlightening, and hilarious book that not only collects the best of Jewish humor passed down from generation to generation, but explains the cultural expressions and anxieties behind the laughs. "Whats Jewish Alzheimers?""You forget everything but the grudges." "You must be so proud. Your daughter is the President of the United States!""Yes. But her brother is a doctor!" "Isn't Jewish humor masochistic?""No. And if I hear that one more time I am going to kill myself." With his background as a scholar and public-radio host, Krasny delves deeply into the themes, topics, and form of Jewish humor: chauvinism undercut by irony and self-mockery, the fear of losing cultural identity through assimilation, the importance of vocal inflection in joke-telling, and calls to communal memory, including the use of Yiddish. Borrowing from traditional humor and such Jewish comedy legends as Jackie Mason, Mel Brooks, and Joan Rivers, Larry David, Sarah Silverman, Jerry Seinfeld and Amy Schumer, Let There Be Laughter is an absolute pleasure for the chosen and goyim alike.
Once, in Golders Green
The book of Jewish knowledge : an encyclopedia of Judaism and the Jewish people, covering all elements of Jewish life from biblical times to the present
