http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7279 decay (change)
decay (change)
Interactions between transgenic trees and mycorrhizal and pathogenic fungi
Root Growth Conditions in Greenwall : Test Method Development and Experiment Conduction
The nutritional significance of coarse woody debris in three rocky mountain coniferous forests
Consequences of injury caused by timber harvesting machines on the growth and decay of spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.)
Genomics and systematics of the white-rot fungus Phlebia radiata : special emphasis on wood-promoted transcriptome and proteomean
Monitoring of fungal growth and degradation of wood
Wood deterioration, protection, and maintenance
Antifungal activity of compounds derived from natural resources and methods for early decay evaluation
On the seasoning and decay of aspen pulpwood prepared in summertime.
Abstract: Weight loss of leaf litter in net bags on forest soil surface was determined at intervals of 2-3 weeks during summer 1970...
Nitrogen and carbon turnover in a Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) forest influenced by different nitrogen inputs = Nitrogen- og karbonomsetning i en furuskog (Pinus sylvestris L.) ved ulik tilførsel av nitrogen
Timber decay in buildings : the conservation approach to treatment
Comparisons of decomposition rates measured by means of cellulose
Tree mortality and deadwood dynamics in late-successional boreal forests
The density of Picea abies [L.] Karst. regeneration on different microsites, the quantity and quality of woody microsites, and seedling occurrence probability on stumps and fallen deadwood were studied in a subalpine forest that has been under protection for approximately 30-40 years (Gorce Mountains in the western Carpathians). Thirty percent of seedlings and 29% of saplings grew on stumps and fallen deadwood, while the remaining regeneration occurred on soil surface and mounds created by uprooted trees. The occurrence probability of Picea seedlings on fallen deadwood increased with deadwood diameter and decay stage and with the volume of living trees, and decreased with increased density of living trees, sapling density, and land slope. Furthermore, seedlings were more likely to grow on stumps with a greater diameter and in plots with higher sapling density, but less likely to grow on higher stumps. Stumps and fallen deadwood covered about 4% of the forest floor, but the material that is most important for promoting regeneration (strongly decomposed logs and those of a diameter exceeding 30 cm) took up only about 22 m2 ha-1. We have concluded that in a subalpine forest that has been protected for 30-40 years regeneration processes take place mostly on soil surface and stumps. The role of fallen deadwood increases over time as a greater number of suitable logs (in terms of size and decay stage) become available..
Handbook of environmental degradation rates
Wood structure and environment
Significance of wound decays in coniferous stands - the possibilities of their control
Decay of spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) in the Åland Islands
Spruce regeneration on woody microsites in a subalpine forest in the western Carpathians
Waterlogged archaeological wood : biodegradation and its implications for conservation
Trace element analysis of sound and decayed Norway spruce (Picea abies) by XRF and NAA methods
Microbial and enzymatic degradation of wood and wood components
Inoculation of known and potential alternate hosts with Peridermium pini and Cronartium flaccidum aeciospores
Abstract: The rate of decomposition of cellulose in the soil decreases from south to north within the Nordic countries. The greatest decrease occurs between southern and northernmost Finland. In a pine stand in Utsjoki the rate of decomposition is at the most 1/6 of what is in a corresponding pine stand in southern Finland...
Ligninolytic system of the white-rot fungus Phlebia radiata : lignin model compound studies
Heterobasidion annosum s.l. and wood degradation of Norway spruce (Picea abies) : the effects of sectioning, crown type and wood properties
WreckProtect : decay and protection of archaeological wooden shipwrecks
Condition management systems for wooden buildings
Fungi and lignocellulosic biomass
Biodiversity conservation in commercial boreal forestry : the optimal rotation age and retention tree volume
Summary.
Mortality and decay of standing trees in the northeastern boreal forests of Québec
Urban ecosystem services at the plant-soil interface
"Fossils document the existence of trees and wood-associated organisms from almost 400 million years ago, and today there are between 400,000 and 1 million wood-inhabiting species in the world. This is the first book to synthesise the natural history and conservation needs of wood-inhabiting organisms. Presenting a thorough introduction to biodiversity in decaying wood, the book studies the rich diversity of fungi, insects and vertebrates that depend upon dead wood. It describes the functional diversity of these organisms and their specific habitat requirements in terms of host trees, decay phases, tree dimensions, microhabitats and the surrounding environment. Recognising the threats posed by timber extraction and forest management, the authors also present management options for protecting and maintaining the diversity of these species in forests as well as in agricultural landscapes and urban parks".
Fungal strategies of wood decay in trees
Mycoremediation : fungal bioremediation
Fungal decomposition of wood : its biology and ecology
Biodiversity in dead wood
Weight loss of leaf litter on forest soil surface in relation to weather at Kevo Station, Finnish Lapland
Heterobasidion annosum and wood decay : enzymology of cellulose, hemicellulose, and lignin degradation
Recognising wood rot and insect damage in buildings
Molecular responses of mycelia to fungus-fungus interactions
Soil and decomposer responses to grazing exclusion are weak in mountain snow-beds
Rate of decomposition of cellulose in forest soils in various parts of the Nordic countries
Lignin-degrading activity and ligninolytic enxymes of different white-rot fungi : effects of manganese and malonate
Wood microbiology : decay and its prevention
Moisture sorption properties and fungal degradation of torrefied wood in storage
Differences between sapwood and heartwood of thermally modified Norway spruce (Picea abies) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) under water and decay exposure
Activity of nematodes and enchytraeids, bacterial community composition, and functional redundancy in coniferous forest soil
