http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7276 Paradise
Paradise
Mapping paradise : a history of heaven on earth
Nostalgia for the primordial : arcadia
Paratiisikäsitys uskonnollisissa kuvissa = The concept of paradise in religious images
The paradise myth
"The social and intellectual vitality of Judaism and Christianity in antiquity was in large part a function of their ability to articulate a viably transcendent hope for the human condition. Narratives of Paradise - based on the concrete symbol of the Garden of Delights - came to play a central role for Jews, Christians, and eventually Muslims too. These collected essays highlight the multiple hermeneutical perspectives on biblical Paradise from Second Temple Judaism and Christian origins to the systematic expositions of Augustine and rabbinic literature. They show that while early Christian and Jewish sources draw on texts from the same Bible, their perceptions of Paradise often reflect the highly different structures of the two sister religions. Dealing with a wide variety of texts, these essays explore major themes such as the allegorical and literal interpretations of Paradise, the tension between heaven and earth, and Paradise's physical location in space and time"--
The hidden wealth of nations : the scourge of tax heavens
Understanding round-tripping phenomenon in Russian context : case Cyprus
Much ado in Paradise : Kivi, Shakespeare, and genesis
Heaven and the flesh : imagery of desire from the Renaissance to the Rococo
Tracing the sources : Arcadia - European nostalgia and escape from reality / T. H.
Proceedings of the Colloquium on Paradise and Hell in Islam : Keszthely, 7-14 July 2002.. Part 1
The beach
Genesis B and the comedic imperative
Images of paradise in Islamic art
Reinventing Eden : the fate of nature in Western culture
Jheronimus Bosch : his sources : 2nd International Jheronimus Bosch Conference : Jheronimus Bosch Art Center, 's-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands, May 22 -25, 2007 / [copy editors: Jill Bradley ... [et al.]
Paradise, death and doomsday in Anglo-Saxon literature
Projections of paradise : ideal elsewheres in postcolonial migrant literature
One of the most profound, deeply affecting questions we face as human beings is the matter of our mortality--and its connection to immorality. Ancient animist ghost cultures, Egyptian mummification, late Jewish hopes of resurrection, Christian eternal salvation, Muslim belief in hell and paradise all spring from a remarkably consistent impulse to tether a triumph over death to our conduct in life. In After Lives, British scholar John Casey provides a rich historical and philosophical exploration of the world beyond, from the ancient Egyptians to St. Thomas Aquinas, from Martin Luther to modern Mormons. In a lively, wide-ranging discussion, he examines such topics as predestination, purgatory, Spiritualism, the Rapture, Armageddon and current Muslim apocalyptics, as well as the impact of such influences as the New Testament, St. Augustine, Dante, and the Second Vatican Council. Ideas of heaven and hell, Casey argues, illuminate how we understand the ultimate nature of sin, justice, punishment, and our moral sense itself. The concepts of eternal bliss and eternal punishment express--and test--our ideas of good and evil. For example, the ancient Egyptians saw the afterlife as flowing from ma'at, a sense of being in harmony with life, a concept that includes truth, order, justice, and the fundamental law of the universe. "It is an optimistic view of life," he writes. "It is an ethic that connects wisdom with moral goodness." Perhaps just as revealing, Casey finds, are modern secular interpretations of heaven and hell, as he probes the place of goodness, virtue, and happiness in the age of psychology and scientific investigation. With elegant writing, a magisterial grasp of a vast literary and religious history, and moments of humor and irony, After Lives sheds new light on the question of life, death, and morality in human culture.
The tempter's voice : language and the fall in medieval literature
Tax havens : how globalization really works
Gardens of heavenly and earthly delight : medieval gardens of the imagination
The dream in Islam : from Qur'anic tradition to Jihadist inspiration
Paradise without the serpent
The quest for paradise : visions of heaven and eternity in the world's myths and religions
Treasure islands : uncovering the damage of offshore banking and tax havens
Paratiisin puutarha = Paradisets trädgåd = Garden of Eden
In and out of paradise : the Book of Genesis from Adam and Eve to the tower of Babel
Drawn from paradise : The Natural History, Art and Discovery of the Birds of Paradise with Rare Archival Art
Varkaitten paratiisi = to catcha a thief
Paradise discourse, imperialism, and globalization : exploiting Eden
Beginnings : ancient Christian readings of the biblical creation narratives
We are well aware of the rise of the 1% as the rapid growth of economic inequality has put the majority of the world's wealth in the pockets of fewer and fewer. One much-discussed solution to this imbalance is to significantly increase the rate at which we tax the wealthy. But with an enormous amount of the world's wealth hidden in tax havens--in countries like Switzerland, Luxembourg, and the Cayman Islands--this wealth cannot be fully accounted for and taxed fairly. No one, from economists to bankers to politicians, has been able to quantify exactly how much of the world's assets are currently hidden--until now. Gabriel Zucman is the first economist to offer reliable insight into the actual extent of the world's money held in tax havens. And it's staggering. In The Hidden Wealth of Nations, Zucman offers an inventive and sophisticated approach to quantifying how big the problem is, how tax havens work and are organized, and how we can begin to approach a solution. His reasearch reveals that tax havens are a quickly growing danger to the world economy. In the past five years, the amount of wealth in tax havens has increased over 25%--there has never been as much money held offshore as there is today. This hidden wealth accounts for at least $7.6 trillion, equivalent to 8% of the global financial assets of households. Fighting the notion that any attempts to vanquish tax havens are futile, since some countries will always offer more advantageous tax rates than others, as well as the counterargument that since the financial crisis tax havens have disappeared, Zucman shows how both sides are actually very wrong. In [this book], he offers an ambitious agenda for reform, focused on ways in which countries can change the incentives of tax havens. Only by first understanding the enormity of the secret wealth can we begin to estimate the kind of actions that would force tax havens to give up their practices.
"Paradise lost" : a poem written in ten books. [Vol. 2], Essays on the 1667 first edition
Offshore : the dark side of the global economy
[Media reviews]
Anxiety in Eden : a Kierkegaardian reading of Paradise lost
Modern paradise : Japanese and Western masterpieces from Ohara Museum of Art and the National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo / [edited by:  Kazuo Nakabayashi ... [et al.]
Offshore reveals how the vast network of unregulated financial centers--from Luxemburg to the Cayman islands to the tiny Pacific haven of Nauru-- amount to a nether realm of drug and arms trade profits, enormous private accounts, and multinational corporate financial holdings. Delving into the scandals, the financial structure, and the history of this hidden side of globalization, sociologist Alain Deneault depicts something larger and more ominous than simple tax havens where financial elites and corporations must reside X days out of every calendar year to protect their earnings. Instead, Offshore describes a global base of operations from which massive criminal enterprises and corrupt corporations operate freely and with impunity, menacing developing nations and advanced democracies alike.
Welcome to Paradise : Heaven and paradise in American, British and Irish rock lyrics, 1971–2011
Treasure islands : tax havens and the men who stole the world
The diary of Adam and Eve : and other Adamic stories
History of paradise : the Garden of Eden in myth and tradition
The quest for Eden
The offshore world : sovereign markets, virtual places, and nomad millionaires
Milton's angels : the early-modern imagination
Vanished
Paradise in antiquity : Jewish and Christian views
John Milton's Paradise lost : a sourcebook
Paradise : a history of the idea that rules the world
Paratiisikäsitys uskonnollisissa kuvissa : Valtion uskononhistorian museo, Pietari : Joensuun taidemuseo 8.6. - 27.8.1995 = The concept of paradise in religious images : the State Museum of History of Religion, St. Petersburg / [toimittaja Suomessa: Ulla Pennanen ; toimittaja Venäjällä: V.A. Khirshanovski]
The genesis of perfection : Adam and Eve in Jewish and Christian imagination
Remembering Eden : the reception history of Genesis 3: 22-24
"Essays by ten Miltonists establish the significant differences in text, context, and effect of the first edition of Paradise lost (1667) from the now standard second edition (1674), examining in particular the original text's relationship to the literary and theological world it entered in 1667 and thus offering interesting correctives to our understanding of Milton's thought"--Provided by publisher.
Offshore financial centres in the globalized world
How the global financial markets really work : the definitive guide to understanding international investment and money flows
The Garden of Eden and the hope of immortality
Milton's Paradise lost : a commentary on the argument
Paradise reconsidered in Gnostic mythmaking : rethinking Sethianism in light of the Ophite myth and ritual
Base companies in multinational corporate structures : a comparative study of anti avoidance legislation and its impact on investment location and competitiveness
Renaissance ecology : imagining Eden in Milton's England
The iconography of heaven / edited by Clifford Davidson
The role of women in early Christianity
The Depiction of Eve in the Life of Adam and Eve
Offshore : tax havens and the rule of global crime
Looking for Paradise : a wonderful adventure / Tuula Karjalainen
Beyond death : the gates of consciousness
Dirty secrets : how tax havens destroy the economy
"Satan still in gaze" : Satan's point of view in Eve's representation in Milton's Paradise lost
Treaty shopping : an emerging tax issue and its present status in various countries
Tracing the sources : Arcadia - European nostalgia and escape from reality
Zucman's work has quickly become the gold standard for quantifying the amount of the world's assets held in havens. In this concise book, he lays out in approachable language how the international banking system works and the dangerous extent to which the large-scale evasion of taxes is undermining the global market as a whole. -- Inside jacket flaps. Read less
A gust for paradise : Milton's Eden and visual art
Enigmatic bliss : the paradise motif in literature
Approaching Eden : Adam and Eve in popular culture
Milton and Christian Hebraism : rabbinic exegesis in Paradise lost
Paratiisin puutarha : Helsingin kaupungin taidemuseo, Taidemuseo Meilahti 9.6. - 19.9.2004 = Paradisets trädgård : Helsingfors stads konstmuseum, Konstmuseet Mejlans 9.6. -19.9.2004 = Garden of Eden : Helsinki City Art Museum, Art Museum Meilahti 9.6. - 1 / [kirjoittajat = författarna = authors: Berndt Arell ... et al.] ; [luettelon toimitus = katalogredaktion = editorial work: Sointu Fritze]
The garden and the fire : heaven and hell in Islamic culture
Nostalgia for the primordial : Arcadia / Timo Huusko
Maps of paradise
Proceedings of the Colloquium on Paradise and Hell in Islam : Keszthely, 7-14 July 2002.. Part 2
Idylle : Traum und Trugschluss = Idyll : illusion and delusion : [Phoenix Kulturstiftung/Sammlung, Hamburg, 8.10.2006 - 29.4.2007 : DA2 Domus Artium 2002, Salamanca, 5.6.2007 - 5.8.2007 : Galerie der Stadt Remscheid, 21.10.2007 - 13.1.2008] / Herausgegeben von = edited by Oliver Zybok ; Mit Textbeiträgen von = with contributions by Harald Falckenberg...[et al.]
After lives : a guide to heaven, hell, and purgatory
Power games
Dante's Divine comedy : hell : purgatory : paradise
"We are witnessing the greatest shift of wealth from poor to rich in history. In the United States alone, the wealthiest avoid paying an astonishing $53 billion in taxes each year. Nicholas Shaxson, in league with the Tax Justice Network, dives deep into the secret world of tax havens and takes us to hot spots from Switzerland to Panama to Delaware in a riveting narrative of how society loses through illegal tax evasion. With jaw-dropping stories and vivid explanations, Shaxson highlights the biggest players in the game, and shows how: - More than 12,750 foreign corporations get out of paying taxes each year by claiming to have offices in the same five-story building in the Cayman Islands. - One thousand children die every day as a result of illegal, trade related tax evasion. - Although billions are poured annually into Africa, corrupt officials there stow twice as much away in tax havens, making Africa a net creditor to the rest of the world. "--
Honey flows through fertile valleys : the cognitive and evolutionary foundations of paradise representations
Some examples of the practices of the Messenger of Love : manners of life in the City of Paradise
The year of reading dangerously : how fifty great books (and two not-so-great ones) saved my life
The afterlife imagery in Luke's story of the rich man and Lazarus
Gilbert & Gubar's The madwoman in the attic after thirty years
The iconography of heaven
From apocalypse to the new paradise : early ecological thinking and Aino Kallas' work in 1920s
Peoples' lives : songs and stories, magic and law
Dying for heaven : holy pleasure and suicide bombers : why the best qualities of religion are also its most dangerous
Heaven, Hell and the Victorians
A brief history of heaven
'Milton's Angels' is a study of writing - theological, scientific, political, and poetic - about angels in 16th century and 17th century Britain. It demonstrates that angels were integral to the Protestant imagination and argues that 'Paradise Lost' is a poem about angels that is both literal and sublimely imaginative.
Catching the sun
