http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7283 needle loss
needle loss
Needle trace method (NTM) for retrospective needle retention studies on Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Ten years of monitoring forest condition in Europe : studies on temporal development, spatial distribution and impacts of natural and anthropogenic stress factors : overview report
Manual on methods and criteria for harmonized sampling, assessment, monitoring and analysis of the effects of air pollution on forests
Abstract.
Visually estimated defoliation class vs. other condition variables in Picea abies
Results of the intensive monitoring of forest ecosystems (ICP Forests/Level II) : Crown condition on the intensive monitoring plots in 2000 = Intensiivisen seurannan tuloksia ICP metsäohjelma/taso II havaintoaloilla
Defoliation (crown thinning) is widely used as a rapid method of tree condition assessment. As a method that is based on subjective visual observation it might be influenced by statistically significant observer bias. Significant observer bias has been discovere in some countries. We analyzed the significance of observer bias occurring in the Finland's forest condition monitoring system. We analysed the data of three training courses held to the field personnel (2006, 2007, 2008). Our results indicate that some inconsistencies occur between observers, but these are still not systematic in nature. In conclusion, the detected observer biases are independent incidents, caused mainly by the observer perception during the single events. Therefore there is no need to make any systematic corrections for Finnish national visual tree defoliation assessments. We suggest that the best way to improve field assessments is the proper education and guidance of field personnel.
Survival-time analysis of white spruce during spruce budworm defoliation
Results of the 2000 national crown condition survey (ICP Forests/Level I)
Defoliation by the common pine sawfly (Diprion pini) and subsequent growth reduction in Scots pine : a retrospective approach
Results of the intensive monitoring of forest ecosystems (ICP Forests/Level II) : Crown condition on the intensive monitoring plots in 1999 = Intensiivisen seurannan tuloksia ICP metsäohjelma/taso II havaintoaloilla
The occurrence of abiotic and biotic damage and its relation to defoliation (needle loss) of conifers in Finland (1985-1988)
Forest condition monitoring in Finland : national report 1998
Forest condition monitoring in Finland : national report 2002-2005
Crown condition assessment in the Nordic countries : proceedings from the 5th International ECE/EU intercalibration course for northern Europe on crown condition assessment and SNS Ad Hoc Working group meeting on monitoring of forest damage, 16th-18th June, 1999, Estonia
Factors affecting silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) wood structure and chemistry : growth hormone genes, defoliation, within-stem and seasonal variation
Development of a method for monitoring of insect induced forest defoliation - limitation of MODIS data in Fennoscandian forest landscapes
The vitality of conifers in Finland, 1986-88
Verzweigungssystem, Benadelung und Nadelfall der Fichte (Picea abies) = Branching system, needle fall and needle density of Norway Spruce (Picea abies)
Soil microbial dynamics and the condition of Norway spruce on the Bothnian land-uplift coast
Accuracy of visual tree defoliation assessment : a case study in Finland
Effects of living crown reduction on needle element status of Scots pine
Forest foliar condition in Europe : results of large-scale foliar chemistry surveys (survey 1995 and data from previous years)
Mycorrhizal responses to defoliation of woody hosts
Growth and nutrition of coniferous forests on acidic mineral soils - status and effects of liming and fertilization
Results of the 2001 national crown condition survey (ICP Forests/Level I)
Forest condition monitoring in Finland : national report 2000
Needle chronologies on Pinus sylvestris in northern Estonia and southern Finland
Forest condition monitoring in Finland : national report 1999
Ten years of monitoring forest condition in Europe : studies on temporal development, spatial distribution and impacts of natural and anthropogenic stress factors : technical background report
We investigated if coarse-resolution satellite data from the MODIS sensor can be used for regional monitoring of insect disturbances in Fennoscandia. A damage detection method based on z-scores of seasonal maximums of the 2-band Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI2) was developed. Time-series smoothing was applied and Receiver Operating Characteristics graphs were used for optimisation. The method was developed in fragmented and heavily managed forests in eastern Finland dominated by Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) (pinaceae) and with defoliation of European pine sawfly (Neodiprion sertifer Geoffr.) (Hymenoptera: Diprionidae) and common pine sawfly (Diprion pini L.) (Hymenoptera: Diprionidae). The method was also applied to subalpine mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. Czerepanovii N.I. Orlova) forests in northern Sweden, infested by autumnal moth (Epirrita autumnata Borkhausen) and winter moth (Operophtera brumata L.). In Finland, detection accuracies were fairly low with 50% of the damaged stands detected, and a misclassification of healthy stands of 22%. In areas with long outbreak histories the method resulted in extensive misclassification. In northern Sweden accuracies were higher, with 75% of the damage detected and a misclassification of healthy samples of 19%. Our results indicate that MODIS data may fail to detect damage in fragmented forests, particularly when the damage history is long. Therefore, regional studies based on these data may underestimate defoliation. However, the method yielded accurate results in homogeneous forest ecosystems and when long-enough periods without damage could be identified. Furthermore, the method is likely to be useful for insect disturbance detection using future medium-resolution data, e.g. from Sentinel‑2..
Forest condition monitoring in Finland : national report 2001
