http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7287 ophthalmology
ophthalmology
The XXXV Nordic Congress of Ophthalmology at Tampere Hall, Finland 23.-27. August 2002, NOK 2002 : abstract book
Orbit, eyelids, and lacrimal system
In vivo confocal microscopy and esthesiometry for clinical assessment of corneal pathology
Clinical procedures in primary eye care
Clinical ophthalmology : a systematic approach
Duane's clinical ophthalmology. Index
Evidence-based ophthalmology
Kanski's Clinical Ophthalmology : A Systematic Approach
Small animal ophthalmology secrets
Exfoliation syndrome, a risk factor for glaucoma and lens opacification : [Scandinavian university thesis]
Slatter's fundamentals of veterinary ophthalmology
Manual of small animal ophthalmology
Ophthalmology
Abstract book : the XXXV Nordic Congress of Ophthalmology at Tampere Hall, Tampere, Finland 23.-27. August 2002.
Lens autofluorescence : in aging and cataractous human lenses : clinical applicability
The First European Board of Ophthalmology Diploma Examination in Milan, June 1995 : a candidates view : [education]
Basic ophthalmology
Ocular and visual physiology : clinical application
This text gives a comprehensive review of modern optical technologies alongside their clinical deployment. It bridges the technology and clinical domains and will be suitable in both technical and clinical environments. It introduces and develops basic physical methods (in optics, photonics, and metrology) and their applications in the design of optical systems for use in medical technology with a special focus on ophthalmology. Medical applications described in detail demonstrate the advantage of utilizing optical-photonic methods. Exercises and solutions for each chapter help understand and apply basic principles and methods. An associated website run by the authors will include slides to facilitate the teaching/training of this material, and typical images collected by the described methods, eg videos of endoscopy or navigation, OCT, etc.
Summary.
Drug product development for the back of the eye
Role of basement membrane and extracellular matrix proteins in the adhesion and spreading of immortalized human corneal epithelial cells
Detection, consequences and risk factors of early lens opacities : a three-year follow-up study
Ophthalmology : a short textbook
Duane's clinical ophthalmology. Vol. 6
A colour atlas of veterinary ophthalmology
Atlas of clinical ophthalmology
Intraocular inflammation and uveitis
Refractive surgery
Equine ophthalmology : an atlas and text
Veterinary ophthalmology essentials
May's manual of the diseases of the eye for students and general practitioners
Optical devices in ophthalmology and optometry : technology, design principles, and clinical applications
Experimental eye research
The eye : basic sciences in practice
Duane's clinical ophthalmology. Vol. 2
Vision research
Basic sciences in ophthalmology : a self-assessment text
Duane's clinical ophthalmology. Vol. 4
Essentials of veterinary ophthalmology
Veterinary ophthalmology
Drug-induced ocular side effects
The HNK-1 carbohydrate epitope in the anterior segment of the eye : the inner connective tissue layer of the human ciliary body as a distinct element : [Scandinavian university thesis]
Ophthalmology at a glance
Small animal ophthalmic surgery : practical techniques for the veterinarian
Equine ophthalmology. 2
Investigative ophthalmology and visual science
How to find literature concerning arctic ophthalmology
External disease and cornea
Eye lens epithelium : damaging mechanisms and lens transparency : Leopoldina-Meeting, Halle/Saale (Germany), May 31, 1996, to June 1, 1996
Update on general medicine
Neuro-ophthalmology
Ophthalmic changes in sarcoidosis
Diagnosis and management of ocular motility disorders
Equine ophthalmology
Ophthalmic care
The profession of ophthalmology : practice management, ethics, and advocacy
Retinal detachment after neodymium : yttrium-aluminum-garnet laser posterior capsulotomy
Optometry and vision science
Comparison of etidocaine and bupivacaine + lidocaine in retrobulbar anaesthesia
The sandwich theory : a bioactivity based explanation for posterior capsule opacification after cataract surgery with intraocular lens implantation
The ophthalmic study guide for nurses and health professionals
Duane's clinical ophthalmology. Vol. 1
Principles of ophthalmology
BSAVA manual of canine and feline ophthalmology
Color atlas of veterinary ophthalmology
Ophthalmic & physiological optics
Clinical ophthalmology : a synopsis
Canine ophthalmology : an atlas and text
Equine ophthalmology : reviews in memory of Keith Barnett. 3
Visual development, diagnosis and treatment of the pediatric patient
Investigative techniques and ocular examination
The Massachusetts eye and ear infirmary : illustrated manual of ophthalmology
Lens and cataract
Common eye diseases and their management
Retinal Degenerative Diseases
The Wills eye manual : office and emergency room diagnosis and treatment of eye disease
Pediatric ophthalmology and strabismus
Spectral retinal image processing and analysis for ophthalmology
Fundamentals of veterinary ophthalmology
The Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary illustrated manual of ophthalmology
Duane's clinical ophthalmology. Vol. 3
Fundamentals and principles of ophthalmology
Duane's clinical ophthalmology. Vol. 5
Handbook of neuro-ophthalmology and orbital disease : diagnosis and treatment
Ophthalmic pathology and intraocular tumors
Retina and vitreous
Ophthalmology : a primer for medical students and practitioners
Ophthalmic Nursing
Pocket atlas of ophthalmology
Epidemiological, clinical and histopathological study on basal cell carcinoma of the eyelid
