http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7288 religious plays
religious plays
Gender and medieval drama
A Middle English treatise on the playing of miracles
The Mary play from the N. town manuscript
Hildegard of Bingen : a spiritual reader
Music in early English religious drama. Vol.  1, The heaven singing
Tragedy and Athenian religion
The aesthetics of Antichrist : from Christian drama to Christopher Marlowe
The faith of William Shakespeare
The passion of the Christ
Corpus Christi plays at York : a context for religious drama
Themes in drama : an annual publication. 5, Drama and religion
Records of early English drama. York
Apocalypse of Adam : Nag Hammadi codex V,5, considered from its Egyptian background
The York plays
Saint Fiacre in early sixteenth-century Paris : the 1529 drama of his life before Meaux
Drama and dance in the christian church : 20 centuries, 20 classic productions
Cultic theatres and ritual drama : a study in regional development and religious interchange between East and West in antiquity
Drama and religion in the English mystery plays : a re-evaluation
The Cambridge history of Spanish literature
The focus of this study is upon the Corpus Christi plays, supplemented by other performance practices such as festive and social entertainments, civic parades, funeral processions and public punishments. The main argument relates to the traditional approaches to women's non-performance in the Corpus Christi dramas, but other factors are considered and analysed, including the semiotics of the cross-dressed actor and the significance of the visual and spatial language of the processional stage to gender debates. In conclusion, there is a series of readings which reassess the dramatic portrayal of a selection of holy and vulgar women - the Virgin Mary, Mary Magdalene, Mrs Noah and Dame Procula. The emphasis throughout the book is upon a performance-based analysis. Evidence from Records of Early English Drama, social, literary and cultural sources are drawn together in order to investigate how performances within the late Middle Ages were both shaped by, and shaped, the public image of women. KATIE NORMINGTON is Lecturer in Drama, Royal Holloway, London.
Ludus Coventriae or The plaie called Corpus Christi : Cotton ms. Vespasian D. VIII
Visible proclamation : the church and drama
William Shakespeare stills stands head and shoulders above any other author in the English language, a position that is unlikely ever to change. Yet it is often said that we know very little about him – and that applies as much to what he believed as it does to the rest of his biography. Or does it? In this authoritative new study, Graham Holderness takes us through the context of Shakespeare’s life, times of religious and political turmoil, and looks at what we do know of Shakespeare the Anglican. But then he goes beyond that, and mines the plays themselves, not just for the words of the characters, but for the concepts, themes and language which Shakespeare was himself steeped in – the language of the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer. Considering particularly such plays as Richard ll, Henry V, The Merchant of Venice, Measure for Measure, Hamlet, Othello, The Tempest and The Winter’s Tale, Holderness shows how the ideas of Catholicism come up against those of Luther and Calvin; how Christianity was woven deep into Shakespeare’s psyche, and how he brought it again and again to his art.
York plays : the plays performed by the crafts or mysteries of York on the day of Corpus Christi in the 14th, 15th, and 16th centuries : now first printed from the unique manuscript in the library of Lord Ashburnham
The summoning of Everyman
The baby of Mâcon
Estonian literature : An outline
Shakespeare's Christian dimension : an anthology of commentary
The York plays : a critical edition of the York Corpus Christi play as recorded in British Library Additional MS 35290
Mary Magdalene and the drama of saints : theater, gender, and religion in late medieval England
Seven miracle plays
Corpus Christi : a play
Perverse Midrash : Oscar Wilde, Andre Gide, and censorship of biblical drama
Saints at play : the performance features of French hagiographic mystery plays
Non-cycle plays and fragments
The Wakefield pageants in the Towneley cycle
Parisian confraternity drama of the fourteenth century : the Miracles de Nostre Dame par personnages
A concordance to The York plays
Drama and dance in the Christian church : 20 centuries, 20 classic productions
The modern anthropology of India : ethnography, themes and theory
The Towneley plays
The drama of the rite : worship, liturgy and theatre performance
St. Thomas More's History of the passion
The Chester plays. Part 1
The authoritative, standard text of this cycle of religious dramas, one of the great literary and theatrical monuments of the late Middle Ages in English. Volume 2 contains the Commentary and Glossary, incorporating the most recent scholarship
Festivals and plays in late medieval Britain
Four morality plays
Voices of the magi : enchanted journeys in southeast Brazil
The medieval European stage : 500-1550
The York plays : a critical edition of the York Corpus Christi play as recorded in British Library Additional MS 35290. Vol. 2
English religious drama of the Middle Ages
Provoking the gospel : methods to embody biblical storytelling through drama
Drama and society
Word and rite : the Bible and ceremony in selected Shakespearen works
Medieval theatre in context : an introduction
Ten miracle plays
The late medieval religious plays of Bodleian mss Digby 133 and e Museo 160
Ludus de decem virginibus : recovery of the sung liturgical core of the Thuringian Zehnjungfrauenspiel
The mythological traditions of liturgical drama : the Eucharist as theater
