http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7289 religious literature
religious literature
Family
The primitive Christian justified, and Jack Presbyter reproved, or, a scripture, demonstration, that to be innocent and perfecuted, is more eligible than to be prosperously wicked : delivered in a sermon in the Abby-Church of Bath
God's Court: wherein the dignity and duty of judges and magistrates, is shew'd in a sermon preached at the Assises held at Kingston upon Thames July 26. 1683
The necessity of a lawful ministry : a sermon preaches at Horncastle in Lincolnshire at the visitation of the reverend the Arcdeacon of Lincoln
Biblical allusion in historical Christian novels by Thoene and Thoene : the glory of the Lord and of Gideon
Piers Plowman. The A version : Will's visions of Piers Plowman and do-well : an edition in the form of Trinity College, Cambridge Ms.R.3.14 corrected from other manuscripts, with variant readings
A sermon preach'd in the Parish Church of St. Andrews Holbourn, june 8. 1704. being thursday in Whitson-week
The christmas box collection
The patrician's daughter
Of spiritual rule : a sermon preach'd at the primary visitation of the right reverend father in God Jonathan lord bishop of Winton, august 26. 1708. at Newport in the Isle of Wight
The Kāśyapaparivarta : romanized text and facsimiles
Special problems in translating religious texts
Thicker than blood
Dr. Martin Luther's small catechism : with explanation
The Macmillan dictionary of religious quotations
Prajñālaharī stōtra of Śrī Bhagavati Subrahmaṇya Śāstrikaḷ of Suchīndram
The Bhagavadgita or the Song Divine : with Sanskrit text and a English translation
Religion and literature
The Buddhism of Tibet and The key to the middle way
The precious garland and The song of the four mindfulnesses
The primitive rule before the Reformation : or a sermon the Catholique way : with an exhortation in the afternoon upon that text of St. Math. XIX verf. XVI
The revelation of Jonas Hokansson 1801
The documentary form-history of Rabbinic literature : the Aggadic sector
A sermon concerning the unity of the Divine Nature and the B. Trinity
Biblical themes in world literature
Courting Emma : a novel
A spittle sermon : preach'd in St. Brides parish-church, on Wednesday in Easter week, being the second day of April, 1684. before the right honourable the lord mayor, the Court of Aldermen, and the sheriffs of the now protestant, and loyal, City of London
Angelic wisdom concerning The divine providence
Guidance for the cure of souls
Speculum pastorale; or, the duty of pastors and people in times of prevailing defections : in a sermon preached at St. Mary's Church in the Savoy on sunday the twelfth say of March 1709/10
The Mammon of unrighteousness Detected and purified in a sermon preached in the Cathedral Church of Worchester on sunday the nineteenth of august, 1688
The regenerate lyric : theology and innovation in American poetry
Troublesome Creek
Om Sri Ramchritmanas : the Manas lake brimming over with the exploits of Sri Ram : with Hindi text and English translation
Of shrifte and penance : the ME prose translation of Le manuel des péchés
Early Hindī devotional literature in current research : proceedings of the International Middle Hindī Bhakti Conference (April 1979) organized by the Katholieke universiteit Leuven
A Buddha within : the Tathāgatagarbhasūtra : the earliest exposition of the Buddha-Nature teaching in India
Women in praise of the sacred : 43 centuries of spiritual poetry by women
Chinese poetry and prophecy : the written oracle in East Asia
A serious call to a devout and holy life
The Geetā : the gospel of the Lord Shri Krishna
Angelic wisdom
The sea-mans obligations to gratitude and a good life : a sermon preach'd in the Parish-Church of Deptford, in Kent, June 5. 1699. before the corporation of the Trinity-house
Piers Plowman. The B version : Will's visions of Piers Plowman, do-well, do-better and do-best : an edition in the form of Trinity College, Cambridge Ms.B.15.17, corrected and restored from the known evidence ..
Growing the Bodhi Tree in the Garden of the Heart : being the Verses of the Dhammapada
An old way of ending new controversies : in a sermon preached to the comptroller, and the rest of the gentlemen of the honourable Society of the Inner-Temple: on Sunday the 8th of January 1681/2
The Bhagavad-Gita : a book of Hindu scriptures in the form of a dialogue between prince Arjuna and the god Krishna
The Gāndhārī Dharmapada
On a walk with an angel
Deadly cure
Sadguru Śrī Tyāgabrahma pushpāñjali : (Astottaraśata, Triśati, Pañcaśati and Sahasra Nāmāvali-s, Sadguru śaranāgati gadyam and Mangalāstakam.) ; a devotional offering at the Sadguru's feet
Bible history for the Finnish youth of America
Like and unlike God : religious imaginations in modern and contemporary fiction
To the ends of the earth
Redemption
Middle English religious prose
The last runaway
A sermon preached before the right honoutrable the lord mayor, aldermen and citizen of London, at S. Mary-le-Bow on the fifth of Novermber, 1680
The roots of Hindu jurisprudence : sources of Dharma and interpretation in Mīmāṃsā and Dharmaśāstra
Le culte de la paix = [The cult of peace] = [De studio pacis]
Soliloquios del alma fiel = [Soliloques de l'âme fidèle] = [Soliloquies of the faithful soul]
The Lightkeeper's daughter : a mercy falls novel
The shack : a novel
English medieval religious lyrics
The Great Flood
The gilded chamber : a novel of queen Esther
The true cross
Translating religious texts : translation, transgression and interpretation
Temple bells : readings from Hindu religious literature
Piers Plowman : a new translation of the B-text
National religion and the prayer book controversy
The reasonableness and necessity of unity, and the evil of shism : in a sermon preached at St. Mary's Church in the Savoy, on sunday the eleventh of June, 1710
Śrī Madhvācārya and his cardinal doctrines. [Vol. 1]
Paradise lost and Paradise regained
Blood of the earth
Angelic wisdom concerning The Divine Love and The Divine Wisdom
The Old Testament library. Jewish wisdom in the Hellenistic age
A sermon preached before the King at White-Hall, March 18. 1655/6
A sermon : preach'd at Cotenham, near Cambridge, on the 9th of September, 1683, being the day set apart for publick thanksgivings for the deliverance of His Sacred Majesty and the Government fron the late treasonable conspiracy
Instruction of novices
Of patience and submission to autority : a sermon preach'd before the lord mayor and the Court of Aldermen at Guild-hall chapel, on the 27th of january, 1683/4
The spiritual writings of Amir ʻAbd al-Kader
Beyond these hills
People of the book : Christian identity and literary culture
A sermon preach'd before the Honourable Company of Merchants trading to the Levant-Seas : at St. Peter-Poor, Dec. 15. 1695
Translation : religion, ideology, politics
Today : important things in the day of childhood
