http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p729 rearmament
rearmament
The arms dynamic in world politics
Investigating Kola : a study of military bases using satellite photography
Images and mutual perceptions of the Finns, the Estonians and the Russians in the 20th century
Managing global issues : reasons for encouragement : proceedings of the Club of Rome Conference, Helsinki 1984
Arms races : technological and political dynamics
West European arms production : structural changes in the new political environment
Arms & armor of the medieval knight : an illustrated history of weaponry in the Middle Ages
Biological weapons : from the invention of state-sponsored programs to contemporary bioterrorism
Atomic : the first war of physics and the secret history of the atom bomb : 1939-49
Deadly logic : the theory of nuclear deterrence
Military power and potential
The wages of destruction : the making and breaking of the Nazi economy
The worldwide legacy of Frank Buchman
Weapons in space
Hirohito and war : imperial tradition and military decision making in prewar Japan
Small arms and intra-state conflicts
World security and equity
The military origins of industrialisation and international trade rivalry : Gautam Sen
Military expenditure : the political economy of international security
The strategic significance of the arctic : background paper presented at the round table seminar
Normalizing Japan : politics, identity, and the evolution of security practice
War and competition between states
Weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East
Stephen Biesty's cross-sections : castle
The armour of the Roman legions
Arms control and East-West relations
Pervasive illicit small arms availability : a global threat
Hitler's secret weapons 1933-1945 : the essential facts and figures for Germany's secret weapons programme
Statistics on military expenditure in developing countries : concepts, methodological problems and sources
The cold war, military power and the civilian society : report from the conference in Bodø, Sept 12-13, 2002
Measuring Stalin's strength during total war : U.S. and British intelligence on the economic and military potential of the Soviet Union during the Second World War, 1939-45
Landmines : a deadly legacy : the arms project of Human Rights Watch & Physicians for Human Rights
The spread of superweapons - nuclear, chemical, and biological - and the means to deliver them is now out of control and is the single greatest danger facing the world. Critical Mass is the first comprehensive look at how this happened, where current and potential threats are, and what can be done to avert catastrophe. Third World superweapon proliferation is more frightening than the cold war arms race. This new arms race is a genocidal contest, fueled by hatred and meant to settle old racial, ethnic, and religious scores. Authors William E. Burrows and Robert Windrem disclose how Saddam Hussein planned an assembly line of fifteen to twenty atomic bombs a year, provided by an Arab Dr. Strangelove and atomic spies, cynical German industrialists with Nazi heritages, greedy Brazilian businessmen, and an impressive procurement network of arrogant Western politicians and Ph.D.s who consulted on death. Iraq is now a model for nations from Kazakhstan to North Korea, from Iran to India to Indonesia, nations that see Mutual Assured Destruction not as a deterrent but as a temptation. Dealing with proliferation, the authors say, is now Washington's highest foreign policy priority. Success will depend not so much on "techno-fixes" such as export controls as on resolving the underlying issues that divide the Third World. --Provided by publisher.
French information on the Russian war plans 1880-1914
Imagined enemies : China prepares for uncertain war
Hammer and rifle : the militarization of the Soviet Union, 1926-1933
Britain, America, and rearmament in the 1930s : the cost of failure
The making of the atomic bomb
The economics of defence, disarmament and peace : an annotated bibliography
The red coffin
No end save victory : how FDR led the nation into war
Study on the application of confidence-building measures in outer space : report of the Secretary-General
British thinking about nuclear weapons
Environmental threats of military presence in northern waters and the Arctic
The bomb : a history of hell on earth
The American aircraft factory in World War II
Sotahistoriallinen aikakauskirja = Journal of military history. 19
Military industrialization and economic development : theory and historical case studies
Code names : deciphering US military plans, programs, and operations in the 9/11 world
The development of Russian military policy and Finland
Food for war : agriculture and rearmament in Britain before the Second World War
S. 185-187: Glossary.
Finnish military spending policy, 1920-1938 : a question of responding to Russian/Soviet threat or domestic pressures?
Strategic considerations in the Arctic
Wave after wave : the enlargement, organizations and unit emblems of the German armed forces during World War II
Entangled geographies : empire and technopolitics in the global Cold War
Merchant of death : money, guns, planes, and the man who makes war possible
What do the Taliban, Liberian war criminal Charles Taylor, and the U.S. government have in common? They have all done business with the man who put the "blood" in blood diamonds--an immensely wealthy and powerful arms dealer who has flooded Africa and Southwest Asia with weapons of war. Here, two respected journalists tell the story of Viktor Bout, the Russian weapons supplier whose global network has changed the way modern warfare is fought. Bout's vast enterprise of guns, planes and money has fueled slaughter in Africa and aided both militant Islamic fanatics in Afghanistan and the American military in Iraq. As the Cold War ended, Bout emerged from a murky post-Soviet intelligence background and quietly amassed a fleet of Russian cargo planes, then began to forge an empire of lethal alliances across the Third World--a war machine able to deliver anything from AK-47s to attack helicopters, to anyone willing to pay.--From publisher description.
Arsenals of folly : the making of the nuclear arms race
The road to war : essays in honour of professor Olli Vehviläinen on the occasion of his 60th birthday 4 June 1993
The strategic significance of the Arctic : background paper presented at the round table seminar : round table seminar "Canadian and Nordic approaches and policies toward Arctic security and cooperation" Helsinki 1-2 September 1987
The road to rainbow : army planning for global war, 1934-1940
Conventional arms transfers to developing nations, 1994-2001
Moral re-armament of the nations : The Central Hall, Westminster and at Church House, Thursday 3 February 1955.
The international arms trade
Critical mass : the dangerous race for superweapons in a fragmenting world
Hitler's engineers : Fritz Todt and Albert Speer - master builders of the Third Reich
The business of war : military enterprise and military revolution in early modern Europe
War and the return of history
