http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7299 economic structure
economic structure
Catching up? : organizational and management change in the ex-Socialist block
Economic reform in Japan : can the Japanese change?
Britain's trade and economic structure : the impact of the European Union
Doing business in China
Guide to the reform of the Community's structural funds
Societal change between market and organization
Foundations of the knowledge economy : innovation, learning and clusters
European metropolises : the Baltic Sea cities in European context
The politics of Africa's economic stagnation
The transformation of capitalist society
Policy reform in India
Ageing and economic performance : dilemmas and dichotomies
"This book provides a comprehensive description and analysis of developments in various sectors of the Indian economy since independence. It particularly focuses on the following sectors: agriculture, industry, fiscal policy, money and prices, banking and finance, and foreign trade. Year-wise (1947-48 to 2008-09) review of developments in these sectors of the economy is another key feature of the book. It also provides time-series data on Indian economy." "The book is designed to interest a cross-section of readers, viz. teachers and students of economics, commerce, law, public administration, business management, chartered accountancy and company secretaryship. It will also serve the needs of legislatures, business executives, entrepreneurs and investors, and others interested in the developments in the Indian economy."--BOOK JACKET.
The economics of mental health care : industry, government, and community issues
The socialist countries : important changes
Economic Ties of the Estonian S.S.R
All the single ladies : unmarried women and the rise of an independent nation
Enterprise management in countries with economies in transition : with a special reference to small and medium-sized enterprises
The measure of civilisation : how social development decides the fate of nations
A Russian puzzle : what makes the Russian economic transformation a special case
Structural development and regional concentration of agriculture in Finland in 1975-2008
The market in Chinese social policy
Essays on information and communications technology, structural change, and economic growth
How finance is shaping the economies of China, Japan, and Korea
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
Twentieth-century Britain / : [edited by] Francesca Carnevali and Julie-Marie Strange
Some recent trends of structural change in Finland
Structural reforms will boost long-term economic prosperity in the euro area. In the short term, reforms could weaken economic performance. Nevertheless, on the whole, both an empirical and a theoretical examination of structural policy in the euro area strongly suggest there is an urgent need for structural reforms. These provide the only way to boost the potential output of the economy in a situation in which the long-term prospects for many euro area economies and the outlook for general government sustainability look bleak..
Managing structural transformation : a political economy approach
Eleventh five year plan, 2007-2012
Institutional aspects of privatization : a comparative approach in the ESCWA region
Tradition and transition in southern Africa : Festschrift for Philip and Iona Mayer
Digest of the Netherlands. 2, Finance and economy
Sectoral balance : a survey
Americas global responsibility : individuation, initiation and threefolding
Regional economies are changing : globally
OECD economic surveys : Poland. 2000-2001
Key concepts in development geography
The Korean economy in transition : an institutional perspective
India and the knowledge economy : leveraging strengths and opportunities
Economic growth theory : capital, knowledge, and economic structures
East Asia in transition : toward a new regional order
Major development trends in Russia's foreign trade activities during the reform years
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
Corporate governance and sustainable prosperity
Economic restructuring and political response
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
The economics of tourism [Ellibs-kirja]
Building market institutions in South Eastern Europe : comparative prospects for investment and private sector development
From socialism to capitalism : eight essays
Economic change in Eastern Europe since 1918
Divided Europe : society and territory
The economy of India is based in part on planning through its five-year plans, developed, executed and monitored by the Planning Commission. With the Prime Minister as the ex officio Chairman, the commission has a nominated Deputy Chairman, who has rank of a Cabinet minister. Montek Singh Ahluwalia is currently the Deputy Chairman of the Commission. Now, India is in its 11th five year plan. This five year plan document focuses on inclusive growth. The document is divided into three volumes: Inclusive Growth- details the vision and strategy of the plan, gives the macroeconomic framework and financing of the plan; Social Sector Services- provides plans for the education, sports, art, and culture, health and family welfare, nutrition and Social Safety Net, drinking water and sanitation, and women and child rights; and Agriculture, Industry, Services, and Physical Infrastructure.
The Swedish model under stress : a view from the stands
Foreign trade liberalization in the process of economic transformation in Russia
The neoliberal revolution in Eastern Europe : economic ideas in the transition from communism
Trade facilitation and e-commerce in the ESCWA region : promoting effective participation in electronic commerce : the cases of Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon and the United Arab  Emirates
Economic survey of India, 1947-48 to 2008-09 : sector-wise yearly review of developments in the Indian economy
Annual report on the implementation of the reform of the structural funds
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
"In a provocative, groundbreaking work, National Magazine Award&#173;-finalist Rebecca Traister, "the most brilliant voice on feminism in this country" (Anne Lamott), traces the history of unmarried women in America who, through social, political, and economic means, have radically shaped our nation.  For legions of women, living single isn't news; it's life.  In 2009, the award-winning journalist Rebecca Traister started All the Single Ladies--a book she thought would be a work of contemporary journalism--about the twenty-first century phenomenon of the American single woman. It was the year the proportion of American women who were married dropped below fifty percent; and the median age of first marriages, which had remained between twenty and twenty-two years old for nearly a century (1890-1980), had risen dramatically to twenty-seven.  But over the course of her vast research and more than a hundred interviews with academics and social scientists and prominent single women, Traister discovered a startling truth: the phenomenon of the single woman in America is not a new one. And historically, when women were given options beyond early heterosexual marriage, the results were massive social change--temperance, abolition, secondary education, and more.  Today, only twenty percent of Americans are wed by age twenty-nine, compared to nearly sixty percent in 1960. The Population Reference Bureau calls it a "dramatic reversal." All the Single Ladies is a remarkable portrait of contemporary American life and how we got here, through the lens of the single American woman. Covering class, race, sexual orientation, and filled with vivid anecdotes from fascinating contemporary and historical figures, All the Single Ladies is destined to be a classic work of social history and journalism. Exhaustively researched, brilliantly balanced, and told with Traister's signature wit and insight, this book should be shelved alongside Gail Collins's When Everything
Market process theories. Vol. 2, Heterodox approaches
Doing business in Asia's booming "China triangle"
Trade, transfers and development : problems and prospects for the twenty-first century
Regulation and organization : international perspectives
OECD economic surveys : Finland. 2014.
Second annual report on the implementation of the reform of the structural funds. 1990
The transformation of labour relations : restructuring and privatization in Eastern Europe and Russia
Socio-economics : toward a new synthesis : product of the first International conference on socio-economics conducted at the Harward Business School, March 31-April 2, 1989
Third annual report on the implementation of the reform of the structural funds : 1991
Economic institutions, markets and competition : centralization and decentralization in the transformation of economic systems
The dynamics of change in North Korea : an institutionalist perspective
The European business environment : France
Finland : a role model for Europe
The British economy in transition : from the old to the new?
The economics and politics of transition to an open market economy Egypt
Hungary's national renewal program : the first three years (1990-1992) of the republic
From third world to world class : the future of emerging markets in the global economy
Theory of industrialism : causal analysis and economic plans
The legacy of the soviet union
Applied methods for analysis of economic structure and change
Economics in primitive communities
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
Mysteries and puzzles of modern Russian economy
Economic policy making and parliamentary accountability in the Czech Republic
Successful transformations? : the creation of market economies in Eastern Germany and the Czech Republic
The Brookings quarterly econometric model of the United States
Post-Soviet Russia : a journey through the Yeltsin era
The new Europe : economic developments towards 2000.
Institutional variety in East Asia : formal and informal patterns of coordination
The future of the world economy : economic growth and structural change
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
East Asia integrates : a trade policy agenda for shared growth
Agriculture in the European Union : statistical and economic information 2002
Russia's economic transitions : from late tsarism to the new millennium
A model of Russia's "virtual economy"
The long-term future of regional policy : a Nordic view : report on a Joint NordREFO/OECD Seminar, Reykjavik, 4th-5th May 1988.
Regional economic change in Russia
Strategies for human development : global poverty and unemployment
Technology, organization and economic structure : essays in honour of prof. Isamu Yamada
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Capitalism : a ghost story
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
Economic structures and trade patterns of Denmark, the EU and the CEECs
The poverty of communism
Shipping management : proceedings from a seminar in Bergen August 23-26, 1972
Stabilization, liberalization and devolution : assessment of the economic situation and reform process in the Soviet Union
Lithuanian economic reforms : practice & perspectives
Shipping conferences : a study of their origins, development and economic practices
Economic geography and structure of the Russian part of the Barents region
Aspects of globalization
The economic map of urban Europe : a comparative study of 45 European metropolises
China's spatial economy : recent developments and reforms
Institutions and the evolution of capitalism : implications of evolutionary economics
Dubai : gilded cage
This article analyses structural and regional development and concentration of agriculture in terms of jobs and value of production, here value added, in Finland during 1975-2008 based on statistical and georeferenced data. The empirical results showed us that, while the relative socioeconomic importance of agriculture has decreased all over Finland, the role of agriculture varies a great deal between regions. Agricultural development trends both in terms of number of jobs and value of production, have been different from total economic development since the mid-1980s. As with economic functions in general, a regional concentration trend has taken place in agriculture. However, this trend has been stronger in all industries together and compared to other industries, agriculture as a whole is still regionally evenly dispersed. The reasons behind this can be found in historical, societal and political factors, and tight connections between agriculture and surrounding land and natural circumstances.
For richer, for poorer : the new U.S.-Japan relationship
An appraisal of the role of foreign firms in the Nigerian tin industry
Lessons from growth and structural change in the second-tier South East Asian newly industrializing countries
Stuck in transit : rethinking Russian economic reform
Between plan and market : social change in the Baltic states and Russia
OECD economic surveys : Finland. 2010.
Russia and the post-Soviet scene : a geographical perspective
Sources of demand for shipping and its fluctuations : analysis of operating rate (Demand Gap Ratio) of shipping
The economies of Southeast Asia : Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore and Thailand
Abstract (1 s.).
The need for and impacts of structural policy in the euro area
The European rupture : the defence sector in transition
Paternalism in the Japanese economy : anthropological studies of oyabun-kobun patterns
Market process theories. Vol. 1, Classical and neoclassical
Institutional economics : social order and public policy
