http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7298 political character
political character
Women in Asian performance : aesthetics and politics
"At this defining moment" : Barack Obama's presidential candidacy and the new politics of race
The history of gender concepts : the concept of woman
Klezmer's afterlife : an ethnography of the Jewish music revival in Poland and Germany
Acting in an uncertain world : an essay on technical democracy
The increasing impact of neoliberalism across the globe means that a complex interplay of democratic, economic and managerial rationalities now frame the parameters and practices of community development. This book explores how contemporary politics, and the power relations it reflects and projects, is shaping the field today. This first title in the timely Rethinking Community Development series presents unique and critical reflections on policy and practice in Taiwan, Australia, India, South Africa, Burundi, Germany, the USA, Ireland, Malawi, Ecuadorian and Peruvian Amazonia and the UK. It addresses the global dominance of neoliberalism, and the extent to which practitioners, activists and programmes can challenge, critique, engage with or resist its influence. Addressing key dilemmas and challenges being navigated by students, academics, professionals and activists, this is a vital intellectual and practical resource.
Apocalypse jukebox : the end of the world in American popular music
Breathing under water : and other East European essays
One world, big screen : Hollywood, the Allies and World War II
Notes toward a performative theory of assembly
Ephemeral architecture in Central-Eastern Europe in the 19th and 20th Centuries
American political fictions : war on errorism in contemporary American literature, culture, and politics
Critical toponymies : the contested politics of place naming
The many faces of intrapreneurship : a literature review on different concepts of intrapreneurial behaviour
Evaluates Christine de Pizan's literary engagement with fifteenth-century French politics. Locates the writer's works within a detailed narrative of the complex history of the dispute between the Burgundians and the Armagnacs, the two largest political factions.
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng.
I can't work like this : a reader on recent boycotts and contemporary art
The mind and art of Calderón : essays on the Comedias
Political pressure and the archival record
Foucault's voices : toward the political genealogy of the auditory-sonorous
Civil Servants and Politics : A Delicate Balance
Palestine, Israel, and the politics of popular culture
Explores the geopolitics of food scarcity. Presents an effort to raise public understanding of the challenges of food shortage and be an inspiration to action.
"Bad New Days looks back at the last twenty-five years of artistic practice in Western Europe and North America, positioning it in relation to a general condition of emergency that neoliberalism and the war of terror have brought with them. Foster argues that art has actually anticipated this condition, at times miming the collapse of the social contract, at other times resisting it, and at still other times exacerbating it critically. Against the assumption that art no longer heeds any model, he also offers several paradigms of practice over this period, which he terms "abject," "archival," "mimetic," and "precarious.""--
Music and the politics of culture
As performative and political acts, translation, intervention and participation are movements that take place across, along, and between borders. Such movements traverse geographic boundaries, affect social distinctions, and challenge conceptual categorizations – while shifting and transforming lines of separation themselves. This book brings together choreographers, movement practitioners, and theorists from various fields and disciplines to reflect upon such dynamics of difference. From their individual cultural backgrounds they ask how these movements affect related fields such as corporeality, perception, (self-)representation, and expression.
Defying the Iranian revolution : from a minister to the Shah to a leader of resistance
Aesthetics and world politics
Summary.
Modernism's other work : the art object's political life
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Nonsequiturs : writings & lectures on improvisation, composition, and interpretation = Unlogische Folgerungen : Schriften und Vorträge zu Improvisation, Komposition und Interpretation
Shakepeare's comedy as political drama
Global entertainment media : a critical introduction
Moving (across) borders : performing translation, intervention, participation
Larp politics : systems, theory, and gender in action
Hate and the 'Jewish science' : anti-Semitism, Nazism and psychoanalysis
Manifestations of nationalism in everyday life : [Sezgin Boynik...et al.]
"The history of translation has focused on literary work but this book demonstrates the way in which political control can influence and be influenced by translation choices. In this book, new research and specially commissioned essays give access to existing research projects which at present are either scattered or unavailable in English"--Provided by publisher.
33 revolutions per minute : a history of protest songs, from Billie Holiday to Green Day
On money
Radical islam : history, catalysts, social bases and the ideological quest for an international islamic alternative : cases from Egypt and the Sudan
Performance Studies in Motion' offers multiple perspectives on the current field of performance studies and suggests its future directions. Featuring new essays by pioneers Richard Schechner and Barbara Kirshenblatt-Gimblett, and by international scholars and practitioners, it shows how performance can offer a new way of seeing the world, and testifies to the dynamism of this discipline. Beginning with an overview of the development of performance studies, the essays offer new insights into: contemporary experimental and postdramatic theatre; participatory performance and museum exhibitions; the performance of politicians, political institutions and grassroots protest movements; theatricality at war and in contemporary religious rituals, and performative practices in therapy, education and life sciences. Employing original reflexive approaches to concrete case studies and situations, contributors introduce a variety of applications of performance studies methodologies to contemporary culture, art and society, creating new interdisciplinary links between the arts, humanities, and social and natural sciences. With studies from and about places as diverse as Austria, Belgium, China, France, Germany, Israel, Korea, Palestine, the Philippines, Poland, Rwanda and the USA, 'Performance Studies in Motion' showcases the vitality and breadth of the field today.
Women, sexuality and the political power of pleasure
The cabaret
Queer theory : the French response
In Ethnonationalism in the Contemporary World, world-renowned scholars employ various aspects of Connor's work to explicate the recent upsurge of nationalism on a global scale. In keeping with the growing awareness that the study of ethnonationalism requires an interdisciplinary approach, the contributors represent a number of academic disciplines, including anthropology, geography, history, linguistics, social psychology, sociology and world politics. The book discusses issues such as identity, ethnicity and nationalism, primordialism, social constructionism, ethnic conflict, separatism and federalism. It also features case studies on the Basque country, South Africa and Canada. Review: 'In the first book-length treatment of Walker Connor's ideas on nationalism, the editor Daniele Conversi persuasively argues that, to a lesser or greater extent, we are all Connorian in our approaches to the study of nationalism.
Symbolic clothing in schools
This reader is the result of Joanna Warsza's course at the Salzburg International Summer Academy of Fine Arts in 2015. It examines four recent cases of boycotts, presenting their political, ideological, and economic contexts, timelines, statements, as well as interviews with parties involved. It reflects on how certain biennials became the place where the power of art is renegotiated and why one simply “can't work like this.”
Discursive elaborations of 'Saami' ethnos : a multi-source model of ethnic and ethnopolitical structuration
Acts of gaiety : LGBT performance and the politics of pleasure
Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya : negotiating urban space in Malaysia
Sexing war/policing gender : motherhood, myth and women's political violence
Woody Guthrie : American radical
The Stalin epigram : a novel
The Continuation War as a metanoic moment : a Burkean reading of lutheran hierocratic rhetoric
Islam and politics in the contemporary world
Politics and beats : three approaches to the music of M.I.A
In praise of theatre
"Eighteenth-century periodicals as agents of change: Perspectives on Northern Enlightenment" offers new accounts of the impact of Enlightenment ideas in Scandinavia, with a particular focus on the transnational and revolutionary role of the new periodical press.
Collective identity and democracy in the enlarging Europe
Emerging bodies : the performance of worldmaking in dance and choreography
Memory and political change
Politics, ethnography and prehistory : in search of an 'informed' approach to Finnish and Karelian rock art
Themes in drama : an annual publication. 7, Drama, sex and politics
Themes in drama : an annual publication. 8, Historical drama
Seeing studies : practicing praxis in graphic design
This book examines the use of Internet platforms as theatrical, rehearsal and performance spaces and explores the interactive and political potentials of online theatre, questioning the boundaries of these in-between spaces and the spatial experiences they engender. In particular, this book looks at forms of cyber-adaptation, cyber-ethnotheatre and cyber-collaboration as directing methodologies for producing dialectical forms of political cyberformances (in Brechtian terms), with reference respectively to the productions of Cyberian Chalk Circle (2011), Merry Crisis and a Happy New Fear (2012) and Etheatre Project and Collaborators (2014). Writing from a practice-based perspective, Papagiannouli offers a historical account of online theatre and a detailed analysis of a range of online works, including productions by the National Theatre Wales, NTLive, Dries Verhoeven, Forced Entertainment and Rimini Protokoll.
Choreographic politics : state folk dance companies, representation, and power
Dance, politics & co-immunity
The role of the Russian Orthodox church in Russia since 1990 : changing dynamics of politics and religion
Embodied politics : dance, protest and identities
"This book presents one of the first systematic assessments of aesthetic insights into world politics. It examines the nature of aesthetic approaches and outlines how they differ from traditional analysis of politics. The book explores the potential and limits of aesthetics through a series of case studies on language and poetics"--Provided by publisher.
Elonmerkkejä = Signs of life : de-coding Tracking traces / Max Ryynänen
Politically unbecoming : postsocialist art against democracy
Chantal Mouffe : hegemony, radical democracy, and the political / edited by James Martin
The design of dissent
Drama and society
Political elements in the music of M.I.A
Queer as a political concept
Brecht, music and culture : Hanns Eisler in conversation with Hans Bunge
The Narodniks in the Russian revolution : Russia's socialist-revolutionaries in 1917
Eighteenth-century periodicals as agents of change : perspectives on northern enlightenment
The Oxford handbook of gender and politics
What is this nonsense? : on the political in visual art with basis in surrealism and pataphysics
Dark matter : art and politics in the age of enterprise culture / Gregory Sholette
Method Acting and Its Discontents: On American Psycho-Drama provides a new understanding of a crucial chapter in American theater history. Enelow's consideration of the broader cultural climate of the late 1950s and early 1960s, specifically the debates within psychology and psychoanalysis, the period's racial and sexual politics, and the rise of mass media, gives us a nuanced, complex picture of Lee Strasberg and the Actors Studio and contemporaneous works of drama. Combining cultural analysis, dramaturgical criticism, and performance theory, Enelow shows how Method acting's contradictions reveal powerful tensions inside mid-century notions of individual and collective identity.
The ideology of imagination : subject and society in the discourse of Romanticism
Translation under fascism
Campana Brothers? Oh yeah! They are very famous home in Brazil!
Politics, power and community development
Four lectures on ethics : anthropological perspectives
Performance
Globalization and the political : in the borderlands with the Zapatista movement
Not quite shamans : spirit worlds and political lives in northern Mongolia
Performance studies in motion : international perspectives and practices in the twenty-first century
Kingdom of bureaucracy : the political theology of village scribes in the Sayings Gospel Q
Readings of Working Life and the Political in Lifestyle Magazines
Cinema wars : Hollywood film and politics in the Bush-Cheney era
Suomi-asemaa etsimässä = Locating the Finland station
Picturing power in the People's Republic of China : posters of the Cultural Revolution
Re-imagining public space : the Frankfurt School in the 21st century
Jean Genet : performance and politics
Christine de Pizan and the fight for France
"Hip Hop has become a global force in recent years. However, when taken up by youth outside its American birthplace, it is often dismissed as a shallow adaptation or imitation of American popular culture. However, its global popularity cannot be questioned, and its proliferation is aided by its adaptability to local contexts. It has become associated with an emergent youth political identity in many parts of the world, a result of its ability to embody rebellious youth energy. Hip Hop is a new global lingua franca for youth rebellion that exists beyond the boundaries of the state, and is aided by the emergence of the internet and accompanying communications technologies. Analysis of the political ramifications of Hip Hop in West African societies is vital to gaining a true sense of what democracy means in the local context. This paper focuses on the West African country of Sierra Leone, and explores how youth participation in Hip Hop there is a radical political project." --Publisher's description.
Selective amnesia and political aphasia : how the Finnish artworld of the 1980s tried to evade naming the political aspects in contemporary art / Leena-Maija Rossi
The Beijing olympiad : the political economy of a sporting mega-event
Dark matter : art and politics in the age of enterprise culture
Bad new days : art, criticism, emergency
Politics and the art of commemoration : memorials to struggle in Latin America and Spain
Political cyberformance : the Etheatre Project
"Performance" has multiple and often overlapping meanings that signify a wide variety of social behaviors. In this invitation to reflect on the power of performance, Diana Taylor explores many of its uses and iterations: artistic, economic, sexual, political, and technological performance; the performance of everyday life; and the gendered, sexed, and racialized performance of bodies. This book performs its argument. Images and texts interact to show how performance is at once a creative act, a means to comprehend power, a method of transmitting memory and identity, and a way of understanding the world.
Why poetry matters
Women in Asian Performance offers a vital re-assessment of women's contributions to Asian performance traditions, focusing for the first time on their specific historical, cultural and performative contexts. Arya Madhavan brings together leading scholars from across the globe to make an exciting intervention into current debates around femininity and female representation on stage. This collection looks afresh at the often centuries-old aesthetic theories and acting conventions that have informed ideas of gender in Asian performance. It is divided into three parts: Erasure: the history of the presence and absence of female bodies on Asian stages. Intervention: the politics of female intervention into patriarchal performance genres. Reconstruction: the strategies and methods adopted by women in redefining their performance practice. Establishing a radical, culturally specific approach to addressing female performance-making, Women in Asian Performance is a must-read for scholars and students across Asian Studies and Performance Studies.
Forward groove : jazz and the real world from Louis Armstrong to Gilad Atzmon
Thinking, resisting, reading the political
The Oxford handbook of dance and politics
Post-foundational political thought : political difference in Nancy, Lefort, Badiou and Laclau
Photography, narrative, time : imaging our forensic imagination
Church and state in American history
Theatre & politics
Civil imagination : a political ontology of photography
The cultural politics of austerity : past and present in austere times
Dress and ideology : fashioning identity from antiquity to the present
Brecht, Music and Culture includes a discussion of a number of Brecht's principal plays, including Life of Galileo and The Caucasian Chalk Circle, considers the place of music in Brecht's work and discusses the time that Brecht was brought before The House of Un-American Activities Committee. It includes lively accounts of Brecht's meetings with key cultural figures, including Arnold Schönberg, Charlie Chaplin and Thomas Mann, and offers throughout a sustained response to the question of the purpose of art in a time of political turmoil. Throughout the conversations, Eisler provides illuminating and original insights into Brecht's work and ideas and gives a highly entertaining first-hand account of his friend's personality and attitudes. First published in Germany in 1975, and now published in English for the first time, the conversations provide a fascinating account of the lives and work of two of the twentieth century's greatest artists.
Political novel : re-imagining the Twentieh century
In Praise of Theatre is Alain Badiou's latest work on the 'most complete of the arts,' the theatrical stage. This book, certain to be of great interest to scholars and theatre practitioners alike, elaborates the theory of the theatre developed by Badiou in works such as Rhapsody for the Theatre and the 'Theses on Theatre' and enquires into the status of a theatre that would be adequate to our 'contemporary, market-oriented chaos.' In a departure from his usual emphasis upon canonical figures of the stage such as Bertolt Brecht and Samuel Beckett, Badiou devotes In Praise of Theatre largely to a consideration of contemporary practitioners, including Jan Fabre, Brigitte Jacques and Romeo Castellucci. In addition, the book features an incisive analysis of the precarious status of the theatre today, in which Badiou describes not only the current threats to the theatre from the right, but the far more insidious threat from the left.
Beyond consensus : improving collaborative planning and management
The future of the image
Performance practice in community settings is an established part of the cultural landscape. However, this practice is frequently viewed as functional: an intervention that seeks to solve, educate or heal. Performance and Community presents an alternative vision, focussing, instead, on the aesthetic and political ambitions of artists, organisations and cultural producers committed to this area. Through case studies, this edited collection gives unprecedented access to some of the leading organisations in the field, examining their creative processes and placing them in their historical context. In parallel, a series of interviews with individual artists explores their approaches and how they are re-shaped by the communities that they encounter. Case studies include: the Grassmarket Project, the Lawnmowers Independent Theatre Company, London Bubble, Magic Me and the partnership between the artist, Mark Storor and producer, Anna Ledgard; while interviews in this collection include: Mojisola Adebayo, Bobby Baker, Sue Emmas, Tony Fegan, Paul Heritage, Rosemary Lee and Lois Weaver. An invaluable resource for students of applied, social, community and contemporary theatre practices, Performance and Community provides vivid evidence of the complex negotiations between artist and community that lie at the heart of this delicate work.
Fresh lipstick : redressing fashion and feminism
History and politics in French-language comics and graphic novels
Politics and ethnicity : a comparative study
The politics of Jean Genet's late theatre : spaces of revolution
Media consumption and public engagement : beyond the presumption of attention
The Continuation War as a metanoic moment : a Burkean reading of Lutheran hierocratic rhetoric
The future of political Islam
Design act : socially and politically engaged design today : critical roles and emerging tactics
Full planet, empty plates : the new geopolitics of food scarcity
Votes, vetoes, and the political economy of international trade agreements
The Bhagavadgita in the nationalist discourse
Vatican politics at the Second Vatican Council, 1962-5
Performance : recasting the political in theatre and beyond
Kristeva and the political
As a field of scholarship, gender and politics has exploded over the last fifty years and is now global, institutionalized, and ever expanding. The Oxford Handbook of Gender and Politics brings to political science an accessible and comprehensive overview of the key contributions of gender scholars to the study of politics and shows how these contributions produce a richer understanding of polities and societies. Like the field it represents, the handbook has a broad understanding of what counts as political and is based on a notion of gender that highlights masculinities as well as femininities, thereby moving feminist debates in politics beyond the focus on women. It engages with some of the key aspects of political science as well as important themes in gender and feminist research (such as sexuality and body politics), thereby forging a dialogue between gender studies in politics and mainstream political science. The handbook is organized in sections that look at sexuality and body politics; political economy; civil society; participation, representation and policymaking; institutions, states and governance as well as nation, citizenship and identity. The Oxford Handbook of Gender and Politics contains and reflects the best scholarship in its field.
Despotic bodies and transgressive bodies : Spanish culture from Francisco Franco to Jesús Franco
"Could do better" : academic interventions in Northern Ireland unionism
Performance, politics and activism
The sage handbook of tourism studies
Theorizing feminisms : a reader
Musical creativity and the politics of utterance : issues of cultural ownership and sustainability in Amoc's Inari Sami rap
Performance and community : commentary and case studies
The politics of opera in Handel's Britain
Shall the religious inherit the Earth? : a thought-provoking look into the future of faith
Seeing is believing : The politics of the visual
Method acting and its discontents : on American psycho-drama
Musical violence : gangsta rap and politics in Sierra Leone
Doing democracy : activist art and cultural politics
Flowers that kill : communicative opacity in political spaces
Millennial masculinity : men in contemporary American cinema
Theatre and war : theatrical responses since 1991
The political nature of cultural heritage and tourism
Seeing films politically
Ethnonationalism in the contemporary world : Walker Connor and the study of nationalism
Atrocity and amnesia : the political novel since 1945
In recent decades, dance has become a vehicle for querying assumptions about what it means to be embodied, in turn illuminating intersections among the political, the social, the aesthetical, and the phenomenological. The Oxford Handbook of Dance and Politics presents a compendium of newly-commissioned chapters that address the interdisciplinary and global scope of dance theory - its political philosophy, social movements, and approaches to bodily difference such as disability, postcolonial, and critical race and queer studies. In six sections 30 of the most prestigious dance scholars in the US and Europe track the political economy of dance and analyze the political dimensions of choreography, of writing history, and of embodied phenomena in general. Employing years of intimate knowledge of dance and its cultural phenomenology, scholars urge readers to re-think dominant cultural codes, their usages, and the meaning they produce and theorize ways dance may help to re-signify and to re-negotiate established cultural practices and their inherent power relations.
The Sayings Gospel Q was composed in the central decades of the first century CE by Galilean villagers who had acquired knowledge of Greek mostly through their involvement with the public administration. The present book analyzes the text of Q in order to rediscover the terminological and ideological traces of the activity of these sub-elite scribes in the Sayings Gospel. Given the bureaucratic positions occupied by the members of this group, the peculiar use of the phrase Basileia tou theou carries a specific significance for its theological political implications. On the basis of Giorgio Agamben's recent revision of the category of political theology, the attitude of Q on divine kingship is understood as an instance of sub-elite negotiation of social and political positions vis-à-vis the expansion of Roman imperial hegemony in the eastern Mediterranean. In this context the author(s) of Q envisage apocalyptic scenarios in which divine kingship replaces human rulers and native sub-elite bureaucrats can share in the exercise of cosmic government.
A history of protest music embodied in 33 songs since the 1930s.
Arts of the political : new openings for the left
