http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7303 pronunciation
pronunciation
How to pronounce Italian correctly
Drills and exercises in English pronunciation : stress and intonation. 1
Longman pronunciation dictionary
Pronunciation pedagogy and theory : new views, new directions
Colloquial Vietnamese : the complete course for beginners
Prescriptions for choral excellence : tone, text, dynamic leadership
The learning and teaching of English foreign language pronunciation : the pupils' and their teacher's opinions and attitudes
Well said : pronunciation for clear communication
Complete Russian
Nihongo: the pronunciation of Japanese = Nihongo: hatsuon eigohan
The effects of lingual nerve impairment on the articulation of fricatives
The making of rallienglanti : cross-linguistic influence in Finnish speakers' pronunciation of English
Chinese : a linguistic introduction
How to pronounce French correctly
Modern German pronunciation : an introduction for speakers of English
Nihongo: kana - an introduction to the Japanese syllabry = Nihongo: kananyumon eigohan
How to pronounce Finnish : an approximate comparison to standard English : a guide for choral directors and singers
English for you, too!. Starter : luokkaäänite
A manual of foreign language dictions for singers
How to pronounce italian cor- rectly / 1 cd + 1 ki
An English pronouncing dictionary
The vowel : its nature and structure
The wine pronunciation guide and dictionary : a training manual for restaurant managers, waiters & waitresses and wine sommeliers
Pronunciation myths : applying second language research to classroom teaching
The eloquent Shakespeare : a pronouncing dictionary for the complete dramatic works with notes to untie the modern tongue
Accents of English. 2, The British Isles
Phonetics
The English Pronunciation Teaching in Europe Survey: Finland
Lingo : a language spotters' guide to Europe
Learning English! : a material package for dyslexic 7th graders in English as a foreign language classrooms
An English pronouncing dictionary : containing 56300 words in international phonetic transcription
The Book of Pronunciation : Proposals for a practical pedagogy
Gateway to German Diction : The Singer's Guide to Pronunciation
Pronunciation. Study book
Second language pronunciation : attainment and assessment
Clear speech : pronunciation and listening comprehension in North American English : teacher's resource book
Accents of English. 3, Beyond the British Isles
How to pronounce finnish. A guide for choral directors and singers : an approximate comparison to standard english
Spiers and Surenne's French and English pronouncing dictionary : newly composed from the French dictionaries of the French academy, Laveaux, Boiste, Bescherelle, Landais, etc., and from the English dictionaries of Johnson, Webster, Worcester, Richardson, etc
Chinese romanization : pronunciation and orthography
Drawing upon theoretical and methodological paradigms from speech science and applied linguistics, this study advances our understanding of the factors that constrain attainment and assessment of second language pronunciation. Its innovative aspects are the inclusion of unexplored language combinations and the triangulation of several research instruments. Speech ratings by native speaker judges in combination with interviews suggest that assessment of second language pronunciation entails a broad spectrum of influences. The work contributes to the evidence against a simply construed critical period for phonological development and it reveals insights into the social relativity of accent. Thus, the myth, that the native speaker is a competent rater in all cases and always, is deconstructed.
Manual of American English pronunciation
Perfect your Italian
A Czech phonetic reader
Native-speaker reactions to Swedish pronunciation errors in English : recognition, intelligibility and attitude
Complete Dutch
Oxford dictionary of pronunciation for current English
Phonics : why and how
American Spanish pronunciation : theoretical and applied perspectives
Where do phonological features come from? : cognitive, physical and developmental bases of distinctive speech categories
How to pronounce Estonian : a brief guide for singers and conductors
Singing American English : textbook of diction for singers
English accents and dialects : an introduction to social and regional varieties of English in the British Isles
The pronunciation of English in Australia
Dictionary of English spelling
How to pronounce German correctly
"Specially written by experienced teachers for self-study or class use, the course offers a step-by-step approach to written and spoken Vietnamese."--Publisher's description.
Finger phonics. 3
The sounds of Japanese
Perfect your French
A drillbook of French pronunciation
The phonetics and phonology of English pronunciation
The biologist's handbook of pronunciations
Finger phonics. 2
Is it a shame to speak with an accent : on the attitudes of Northern Finnish pupils, students and English teachers towards Finnish-accented English and pronunciation
The history and development of tonal systems and tone alternations in South China
Perfect your Spanish
Say it right in Italian: easily pronounced language systems
A Market of accents
English vowels and the Finnish learner
Complete Korean
English pronunciation : a handbook/introducing : British version
Final clusters sound easy! : a phonics workbook for beginning E. S. L. students
Consonants sound easy! : a phonics workbook for beginning E. S. L. students
Approaches to pronunciation teaching
Pronunciation for advanced learners of English : student's book
Above and beyond pronunciation intelligibility : A study of attitudes
Writing the sounds of English : a precis of English phonetics, with exercises in phonemic transcription
Initial clusters sound easy! : a phonics workbook for beginning E. S. L. students
Barrington Stoke school spelling dictionary
English pronunciation : exercises in sound segments, intonation and rhythm
Rhythm and stress : the connection between musicality and the pronunciation of English
English pronunciation in use : Elementary
How to teach pronunciation
1000 Finnish words : listen and learn easily and naturally
American accent training : a guide to speaking and pronouncing colloquial American English
The intonation of American English
Sound foundations : learning and teaching pronunciation
Pronunciation for advanced learners of English : teacher's book
A pronouncing dictionary of American English
New Headway pronunciation course. Elementary
Broadcast English. 2, Recommendations to announcers regarding the pronunciation of some English place names
A Chinese text in Central Asian Brahmi script : new evidence for the pronunciation of late Middle Chinese and Khotanese
The prosody of Mandarin Chinese
"Kattokaa nyt missa? se kieli on" : English and French teachers' views on pronunciation and its teaching
Dictionary of pronunciation
English pronunciation : a handbook
Difficult features of English segmental pronunciation for Finns and related exercises in the third grade workbooks
The pronunciation book : student-centered activities for pronunciation work
Complete Italian
The pet name book
Complete Lithuanian
American English pronunciation
Complete German
The Oxford dictionary of original Shakespearean pronunciation
Oral competence in upper secondary school teaching : teachers and students' views
Say it right in Spanish: easily pronounced language systems
Dictionary of Russian personal names : with a guide to stress and morphology
Pronunciation plus : practice through interaction : teacher's book : North American English
The pronunciation of English
Da. Eto vopros! : prosodic development of Finnish students' read-aloud Russian during study in Russia
Complete Danish
Voice for musicians
English pronunciation : a workbook : American versio
An investigation into the present state of standard Chinese pronunciation. Part 1 b, Character register to the companion volume
Pronunciation of English : a course book
Studies in early modern English pronunciation : a DEMEP publication
Language : an introduction to the study of speech
This volume offers a definitive source for understanding social influences in L2 pronunciation, demonstrating the importance of empirical findings from a number of research perspectives, and outlining the directions that future work can take. The aim is to present a coherent argument for the significance of social factors and how they contribute to phonological acquisition.
Encyclopedic dictionary of English usage
An introduction to element theory
New Headway pronunciation course. Upper-intermediate
Toponymic Guidelines for Map Editors and Other Editors : Finland
You say potato : a book about accents
A treatise on the provincial dialect of Scotland
The handbook of English pronunciation
Finger phonics. 4
How to pronounce finnish : an approximate comparision to standard English : a guide for choral directors and singers
Complete Vietnamese
How to pronounce Russian correctly / 1 cd + 1 ki
NBC handbook of pronunciation
Indian and British English : a handbook of usage and pronunciation
Teaching the pronunciation of English as an international language : suggestions for constructing a syllabus for Finnish learners
Speech sounds : a pictorial guide to typical and atypical speech
Salient features of Lule sami pronunciation
English pronunciation teaching in Finland
English pronouncing dictionary
The American accent guide : a comprehensive course on the sound system of American English
Ship or sheep? : an intermediate pronunciation course
China panorama : Chinese phonetics = Zhongguo quanjing : hanyu yuyin dao ru
Singing in latin or pronunciation explor'd
Complete Spanish
Nihongo : the pronunciation of Japanese = Nihongo hatsuon : eigoban
Taking it a tad further : comparing English and Swedish course materials in terms of presenting prosody and accent variation
A comprehensive guide to the linguistic structure of Chinese, this title describes the fundamentals of its writing system, its pronunciation and tonal sound system, its morphology, and its syntax - as well as its historical development, and the way it interacts with other languages.
How to pronounce Russian correctly
Singing in russian : a guide to language and performance
Test your pronunciation
Phonetics and diction in Singing : Italian, French, Spanish, German
The Handbook of English Pronunciation presents an exploration of English pronunciation with essential topics for applied linguistics researchers and teachers, including language acquisition, varieties of English, historical perspectives, accent s changing role, and connections to discourse, technology, and pedagogy. Provides thorough descriptions of all elements of English pronunciation Features contributions from a global list of authors, reflecting the finest scholarship available Explores a careful balance of issues and topics important to both researchers and teachers Provides a historical understanding of the importance of pronunciation and examines some of the major ways English is pronounced today throughout the world Considers practical concerns about how research and practice interact in teaching pronunciation in the classroom.
The singer's manual of Spanish lyric diction
The realisation of prominence in three varieties of standard spoken Finnish
Elements of pronunciation : intensive practice for intermediate and more advanced students
"The key is awareness rather than repetition" : a multisensory pronunciation teaching intervention in a Finnish EFL context
Patterns in child phonology
A practical English-Chinese pronouncing dictionary : English, Chinese characters, romanized Mandarin and Cantonese
Speaking clearly : pronunciation and listening comprehension for learners of English
Handbook of homophones
Broadcast English. 1, Recommentations to announcers regarding certain words of doubtful pronunciation
Say it right in French : the fastest way to correct pronunciation
Pronounce it perfectly in English
Finger phonics. 1
Finger phonics. 6
Finger phonics. 7
Finger phonics. 5
How to pronounce Spanish correctly
Say it right in Spanish : the fastest way to correct pronunciation
German pronunciation and phonology
How now, brown cow? : a course in the pronunciation of English, with exercises and dialogues
Say it right in French : easily pronounced language systems
Complete French
English pronunciation illustrated
Pronunciation for advanced learners of English
Pirate's treasure
Salient features of lule sami pronunciation
Manual of American English pronunciation for adult foreign students ; Accent inventory
Acoustico-cineradiographic analysis considerations with special reference to certain consonantal complexes
Natural phonetics and tonetics : articulatory, auditory, & functional
Qingsong hanyu zhengyin keben = Easy way to the correct Chinese pronunciation
Mastery of phonemic symbols and student experiences in pronunciation teaching
Sounds English : a pronunciation practice book
Social dynamics in second language accent
Say it right in Chinese: easily pronounced language systems
