http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p730 reserve supplies
reserve supplies
Supply disruptions and the allocation of emergency reserves
Development of purchasing parameters : Pernod Ricard Finland Oy
Developing inventory control and customer service
Abstract: The aim of supply chain management is the delivery and service chain optimization, cost reduction, increase in sales and enhanced customer service. In the Nordic countries, where the distances are long, it is normally necessary to maintain inventories. Another reason for inventories is often uncertainty. Inventories must be maintained as customers want fast shipping, but do not tell in advance when and how much they are going to buy different products. The supply chain management is a very practical activity. It is not solved by using statistical models, or by the IT systems. The most important part of the chain, are the people. The employees should, however, use mathematics and systems to help improve the efficiency of the supply chain.    The purpose of this work was to review old and define new purchasing parameters for Pernod Ricard Finland Oy and create a continuous process to define the parameters for the company by using mathematical and statistical methods. The goal of this research was to get better understanding of planning fluctuations and improve and define the planning parameters with fact based knowledge.    An action research study was carried out during autumn 2012 and spring 2013. This work initially examined the various theories to improve purchasing parameters, in particular the management of the safety stocks, and determined what kind of planning method should be used for planning various types of products in order to generate the best possible forecast with right information to suppliers and other parties.    Based on the theory new parameters for the purchase of Pernod Ricard Finland Oy were defined for certain products, implemented into system and the results were analyzed after few months. As the results of the research trial were promising the final result of the project was a new process and guidelines on how the purchasing parameters will be defined in the company.
Secure Finland : information on comprehensive security in Finland
Nourish the people : the state civilian granary system in China, 1650-1850
Summary.
On the possibilities of growing oil flax in Finland : on the quality of Finnish linseed oil and some factors affecting it
