http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7302 structure
structure
Societas Europea – The new European Company : The one fits all Model, facilitating European Trade?
On cooperatively distributed ciphering and hashing
Asymmetric synthesis mediated by chiral lithium amides : design, structure and selectivity
How tax progression affects effort and employment
Modelling percentile based basal area weighted diameter distribution
Remote sensing techniques for forest parameter assessment : multispectral classification and linear spectral mixture analysis
Ritual and symbolism in Northern Irish parading culture
The structure and effectiveness of internal control : a contingency approach
"In and out" : segmentary gang politics in Los Angeles
Reporting in Tekla Structures
Plant proteins in fermented milk products
Meanings of the English progressive form and expressing them in Finnish
Languages obtained from infinite words
Design principles and user inferfaces of Erkki Kurenniemi's electronic musical instruments of the 1960's and 1970's
Precedence : social differentiation in the Austronesian world
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
A qualitative study of male and female perceptions in differences in the working and domestic sphere : a comparison of the French and Finnish cultures
Development of a Structured Security Documentation Framework
Saxophone manual : the step-by-step guide to set-up, care and maintenance
Suomen eteläpuoliskon metsien puuston rakenne kehitysluokittain vuosina 1960-61 = The structure of the growing stock of the forest in the southern half of Finland by development classes in 1960-61 : valtakunnan metsien IV inventoinnin tuloksia = Results of the fourth national forest inventory
Impacts of different thinning regimes in the yield of uneven-structured Scots pine stands on drained peatland
The dinuclear Cu[sub A] centre of cytochrome oxidase
The structure of mitochondria
Szilard languages associated to parallel communicating grammar systems
On the mechanism of hearing
Structural studies on members of the picornavirus superfamily
Can crystal structures be predicted? : Leopoldina Meeting : August 21, 1998, to August 22, 1998 in Dresden
Hierarchical structures : proceedings of the symposium held Nov. 18-19, 1968 at Douglas Advanced Research Laboratories, Huntington Beach (CA)
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators. According to results, public capital seems to have had a positive impact on private production.
On superstructural ordering of NiAs type phases in the Co-Se, Ni-Sn-P and Ni-Ge-P systems
Capital structure and firm growth : R&D intensive companies
Atmospheric trends above Finland : I. Mesophere and thermosphere
Relating microstructure, sensory and instrumental texture of processed oat
1,001 facts about Planet Earth
Compressive behaviour of the soil in buffer zones under different management practices in Finland
Influence of silvicultural regime on wood structure characteristics and mechanical properties of clear wood in Pinus sylvestris
Experimental evidence for associational resistance against the European pine sawfly in mixed tree stands
ANTIQUE FURNITURE DESIGN
Building structures illustrated : patterns, systems, and design
The Effects of Alpha-amylase, Ascorbic Acid and Low Pressure during Mixing on the Texture of Bread Crumb : Image Analysis and Measurements of Physical Texture
Social organization : a study of the larger mind
Structure and assembly of membrane-containing dsDNA bacteriophages
Summary.
Lectio praecursoria : the interaction of organisational structure and humans in knowledge integration
Impact of regeneration method on stand structure prior to first thinning
Market structure and equilibrium
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
Ulysses
Universals of human language. Vol. 3, Word structure
Polymer processing and structure development
Mechanisms affecting the structure and properties of heat-treated and high-temperature dried Norway spruce (Picea abies) wood
Effects of traffic and fertilization levels on grass yields in northern Norway
Hierarchical structures : proceedins of the symposium held November 18-19, 1968 at Douglas Advanced Research Laboratories, Huntington Beach, California
Woven structure and design. Part 2, Compound structures
Effect of the aggregation of multi-cohort mixed stands on modeling forest ecosystem carbon stocks
Grammars working on layered strings
Electron spectroscopy and scanning tunnelling microscopy studies of PTCDA on well-ordered semiconductor surfaces
Comparative methods of concrete portal frame design
On living through Soviet Russia
Total guitar tutor : [the ultimate guide to playing, recording and performing every guitar style]
Role-based interpretation of ISs
Adenine recognition : a motif present in ATP-, CoA-, NAD-, NADP- and FAD-dependent proteins
The collection of the Qur'ān
Analyses of the growth of Scots pine : matching structure with function
How firm characteristics affect Capital Structure : An Analysis of Finnish Technology Industry
Americas global responsibility : individuation, initiation and threefolding
Invertebrate structure and function
Toward a Chicano social science
A morphological atlas of insect larvae
Doing business in China
In vitro and in silico methods to predict cytochrome P450 enzyme inhibition
Accessory folding proteins
Peroxisomal multifunctional enzyme type 2 (MFE-2) : the catalytic domains work as independent units
A complex case : a morphosyntactic approach to complexity in early child language
Structural and interaction studies of bacterial polysaccharides by NMR spectroscopy
News schemata
The poverty of communism
TOURING BIKES : A PRACTICAL GUIDE
Structural analysis and design of a warehouse building
Foundations of structural biology
Natural development of stand structure in peatland Scots pine following drainage : results based on long-term monitoring of permanent sample plots
Alloys : structures, properties and applications
Tax progression and efficiency wages : partial equilibrium analysis
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric techniques tell us?
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators.
In this paper, we propose a new noncausal vector autoregressive (VAR) model for non-Gaussian time series. The assumption of non-Gaussianity is needed for reasons of identifiability. Assuming that the error distribution belongs to a fairly general class of elliptical distributions, we develop an asymptotic theory of maximum likelihood estimation and statistical inference. We argue that allowing for noncausality is of importance in empirical economic research, which currently uses only conventional causal VAR models. Indeed, if noncausality is incorrectly ignored, the use of a causal VAR model may yield suboptimal forecasts and misleading economic interpretations. This is emphasized in the paper by noting that noncausality is closely related to the notion of nonfundamentalness, under which structural economic shocks cannot be recovered from an estimated causal VAR model. As detecting nonfundamentalness is therefore of great importance, we propose a procedure for discriminating between causality and noncausality that can be seen as a test of nonfundamentalness. The methods are illustrated with applications to fiscal foresight and the term structure of interest rates.
Russia's economic transitions : from late tsarism to the new millennium
Social psychological foundations : readings from the interactionist perspective
The use of quantile trees in the prediction of the diameter distribution of a stand
Gender roles and domestic violence : narrative analysis of social construction of gender in Uganda
Building market institutions in South Eastern Europe : comparative prospects for investment and private sector development
On the density of critical factorizations
Computational methods for modelling and analysing biological networks
The Flamenco Guitar : From its birth in the hands of the guitarrero to its ultimate celebration in the hands of the Flamenco Guitarist
Forest structure indicators based on tree size inequality and their relationships to airborne laser scanning
The Profile of a non-profit organisation : workforce, environment, structure and strategies
Issues and approaches in personal construct theory
The future of the WSF : focus on Africa
The role of structural complexity in tri-trophic interactions
Effects of gluten and transglutaminase on microstructure, sensory characteristics and instrumental texture of oat bread
Generating strings by replication : a simple case
Internal constitution of the earth
Trade facilitation and e-commerce in the ESCWA region : promoting effective participation in electronic commerce : the cases of Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon and the United Arab  Emirates
Structural characterization of Streptomyces rubiginosus xylose isomerase, Trichoderma reesei xylanase IV and ENA11His Fab-fragment
It's easy to build your own lap steel guitar
"A new edition of Francis D.K. Ching's illustrated guide to structural design. Structures are an essential element of the building process, yet one of the most difficult concepts for architects to grasp. While structural engineers do the detailed consulting work for a project, architects should have enough knowledge of structural theory and analysis to design a building. Building Structures Illustrated takes a new approach to structural design, showing how structural systems of a building--such as an integrated assembly of elements with pattern, proportions, and scale--are related to the fundamental aspects of architectural design. The book features a one-stop guide to structural design in practice, a thorough treatment of structural design as part of the entire building process, and an overview of the historical development of architectural materials and structure. Illustrated throughout with Ching's signature line drawings, this new Second Edition is an ideal guide to structures for designers, builders, and students. Updated to include new information on building code compliance, additional learning resources, and a new glossary of terms. Offers thorough coverage of formal and spatial composition, program fit, coordination with other building systems, code compliance, and much more. Beautifully illustrated by the renowned Francis D.K. Ching. Building Structures Illustrated, Second Edition is the ideal resource for students and professionals who want to make informed decisions on architectural design"--
Essential soil physics : an introduction to soil processes, functions, structure and mechanics
Analog models of the lateral spreading of a thick three-layer crust : implications for the Svecofennian orogen in Finland
Hungary's national renewal program : the first three years (1990-1992) of the republic
Canopy stratification in peatland forests in Finland
Ice and construction : state-of-art report prepared by RILEM Technical Committee TC-118, Ice and construction
Appetite control : the role of food composition and structure
MIRtoolbox : version 1.6.1
Divine rulers in a secular state
3D microstructure modelling of coating layers including grain boundaries
Exploiting reciprocal space : electron diffraction, textures and precession
Granulomorfologiâ : prostye 11-èdry = Granulomorphology : simple 11-hedra
The greatest density of parenchyma inclusions in Karelian birch wood occurs at confluences of phloem flows
3D QSAR in drug design : recent advances
Stand structural dynamics on pristine and managed boreal peatlands
Development of species composition during succession is well studied in natural boreal forests, but empirical assessments of how within-stand spatial structure develops in late-successional stages are few. Here, we quantified spatial patterns in three unmanaged stands consisting of Picea abies (L.) Karst. and Betula pubescens Ehrh. and Betula pendula Roth (hereafter Betula spp.) in northern boreal Fennoscandia. We conducted a comprehensive analysis of small-scale spatial point patterns in three fully mapped 1.2-ha sample plots, representing different forest developmental stages: mid-successional, late-successional and old-growth forest. We used several variants of Ripley's K-function to analyze the spatial point patterns along the successional gradient. Univariate analyses showed that mature trees of both species were either randomly distributed or clumped. P. abies saplings were clumped, and Betula spp. saplings occurred in a random or clumped manner. In the bivariate analyses, saplings were more likely to be found in the surroundings of mature trees of the same species, but occurred independent of the individuals of other tree species. Mature trees showed interspecific repulsion. Only modest differences occurred in the univariate patterns between the three successional stages, but in the bivariate analyses the most evident patterns, i.e. intraspecific attraction and interspecific repulsion, were stronger in the older successional stages. Overall, the studied stands appear structured as species-specific mosaics. These mosaics, along with mixed species composition, seem to be maintained by species self-replacement, which contrasts with findings from earlier studies..
Coarse root architecture of three boreal tree species growing in mixed stands
Clarinet manual : how to buy, set up and maintain a Boehm system clarinet
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Inter-domain interactions in filamins
The bike deconstructed : a grand tour of the road bicycle
Effects of modes of formation on the structure of glasses : international conference... 2. Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN, June 8-11, 1987
Structural studies on viral receptor-binding proteins
Mapping the mind
Ultrastructure of the peripheral nervous system and sense organs : atlas of normal and pathologic anatomy
Computational modelling of boron nitride nanostructures based on density-functional tight-binding
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Look inside cross-sections : trains
Why Tikopia has four clans
Cytoskeletal organization of the human inner ear
Molecular modelling : principles and applications
The structure-function relationships of cyclomaltodextrin glucanotransferase : from Bacillus circulans var. alkalophilus
Reforming a Website : Case - Embassy of Iraq
Socio-economics : toward a new synthesis : product of the first International conference on socio-economics conducted at the Harward Business School, March 31-April 2, 1989
Green-tree retention and life after the beetle : stand structure and small mammals 30 years after salvage harvesting
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric trends tell us?
Structural characterisation of wood pulp fibres and their nanofibrillated materials for biodegradable composite applications
Regional and structural patterns of tourism in Finland
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Seismic design in Europe and the Russian Federation : Steel and reinforced concrete buildings of moderate importance
Motor vehicle structures : concepts and fundamentals
Making an archtop guitar : the definitive work on the design and construction of an acoustic archtop guitar
Making history : agency, structure and change in social theory
Structure and macromolecular properties of Weissella confusa and Leuconostoc citreum dextrans with a potential application in sourdough
Modeling of protein-ligand interactions : integrin I-domains and ionotropic glutamate receptors
The structure and life of bryophytes
The Brookings quarterly econometric model of the United States
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
Is structurelessness democratic? : two normative frameworks for debates at the World Social Forum
Beam structures : classical and advanced theories
Building structures
Degree of previous cutting in explaining the differences in diameter distributions between mature managed and natural Norway spruce forests
The double helix : a personal account of the discovery of the structure of DNA
Integrating fire risk into forest planning
High-frequency filtering for low-temperature thermal transport studies in nanostructures
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
Conductivity measurements of DNA TX tile and origami structures
India and the knowledge economy : leveraging strengths and opportunities
The specific pattern of the wood of Karelian birch (Betula pendula Roth var. carelica (Merckl.) Hӓmet-Ahti), is created mainly by dark-coloured inclusions of parenchyma tissue. Our study revealed that the greatest density of parenchyma inclusions in Karelian birch wood is observed above branch attachments to the trunk and below forks. In the place of branch attachment, phloem flows of photoassimilates (sucrose) from the branch and along the trunk merge into one pathway, causing a rise in sucrose content in tissues there. In the area below the fork, sucrose flows from two (or more) trunk axes are combined. Many studies have demonstrated that elevated sucrose level is associated with the differentiation of parenchyma. We believe that where large phloem fluxes merge a high level of sucrose promotes mass differentiation of parenchyma cells instead of fibers and vessels. As a result, the density of the figured pattern in the wood increases. The obtained data have a practical value and can be used in developing recommendations for Karelian birch cultivation..
Lingo : a language spotters' guide to Europe
From protein structure to function with bioinformatics
Spatial tree community structure in three stands across a forest succession gradient in northern boreal Fennoscandia
Linear prediction application for modelling the relationships between a large number of stand characteristics of Norway spruce stands
Computer organization and architecture : designing for performance
World trade structure
Horizontal structure of two storeyed spruce-birch forests
Physical computing : sensing and controlling the physical world with computers
The social structure of Switzerland : outline of a society
Photosynthesis, CO2 and temperature : an approach to analyse the constrains to acclimation of trees to increasing CO2 concentration
Long-term outlook for wood construction in Europe
In this article, general and regional patterns of tourism in Finland are compared with the preconditions for tourism development. A new model of the 'regionalism' of Finland's tourism is presented. A comparison of regional tourism demand (actual tourist flows) with preconditions and supply shows that actual tourism development does not yet correspond sufficiently to the predominant image of Finland as a destination of nature-based recreation activities. The author suggests the promotion of tourism by means of a new image of 'modern periphery' and its specific application to different tourist segments and nationalities.
Understanding Japanese society
Morphological analysis of human cortical bone using high-resolution X-ray microtomography
Object-oriented databases
Bicycle design : an illustrated history
The structure of the growing stock of the forest in the southern half of Finland by development classes in 1960-61 = Results of the fourth national forest inventory.
Abstract.
Electron spectroscopy of atoms and molecules using synchrotron radiation, UV radiation and electron impact
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
Flight
Cox & Giuli's principles of stellar structure
Vertically integrated enterprises and strategic trade policy
Blinded by the light : the secret life of the sun
The structure of organizations
Some recent trends of structural change in Finland
A method to model wood by using ABAQUS finite element software. Part 2, Application to dowel type connections
Thermal bridge comparison : thermal benefits of CLT
Ion beam and annealing induced effects in solid materials detected by nuclear methods
Informatics 11 : the structuring of information : proceedings of a conference jointly sponsored by Aslib, the Aslib Informatics Group and the Information Retrieval Specialist Group of the British Computer Society, University of York, 20-22 March 1991
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Microstructure and gelation behaviour of high methoxyl and low methoxyl pectin gels and their mixtures
The effect of structure on the comprehension of news
Microbiology : fundamentals and applications
Modern warships and submarines
Studies of two-dimensional and three-dimensional phononic crystal structures
Factors affecting the snow and wind induced damage of a montane secondary forest in northeastern China
Intraspecific variation in brain size and architecture : population divergence and phenotypic plasticity
Evaluating canopy spectral invariants derived from imaging spectroscopy data : a case study on southern boreal forests
Light weight Prefabricated Roof Element for Long Spans
Studying habitat use and behavior of moose (Alces alces) by integrating airborne laser scanning and GPS tracking
A language in space : the story of Israeli sign language
Comparing beryllium copper strings to steel strings on a carved kannel
Ripples in the cosmos : a view behind the scenes of the new cosmology
Make your own ukulele : the essential guide to building, tuning, and learning to play the uke
Economic policy making and parliamentary accountability in the Czech Republic
A method to model wood by using ABAQUS finite element software. Part 1, Constitutive model and computational details
On computational complexity of contextual languages
Structural contexts of opportunities
Saturated hydraulic conductivity and bioporosity of two arable clay soils in relation to subdrain location
The structure and function of muscle. Vol. 2, Biochemistry and physiology
The impact of chemical pre-treatments of fibre fractions on paper properties
Language, gesture and space
The effect of structure on the dilute solution properties of branched polysaccharides studied with SEC and AsFlFFF
Anatomy of contemporary furniture
The racing motorcycle : a technical guide for constructors. Volume 1, Gearing, geometry, aerodynamics and suspension
Viscoelastic properties of foods
Soil aggregation in relation to texture and organic matter
