http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p731 national defence
national defence
Economics and national security : a history of their interaction
Securing global commons : a small state perspective
Buying defence and security in Europe : the EU defence and security procurement directive in context
Biotechnology in Russia : why is it not a success story?
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Defence of Finland in One Hour
The quest for a European strategic culture : changing norms on security and defence in the European Union
World invasion: battle Los Angeles
Women's writing and the First World War : the boundary experience of war
Different needs, different solutions : the importance of economic development and domestic power structures in explaining military spending in eight western democracies during the interwar period
Defense planning in less-industrialized states : the Middle East and South Asia
Facts about the Finnish defence forces. 1999-2000
Fort of Jungfruskär 1939 - 1999.
The age of the Arctic : hot conflicts and cold realities
Forcible protection of nationals abroad
Japan's re-emergence as a 'normal' military power
Abstract: The direction of change: analyzing the major challenges of strategic management inside the Finnish national defense administration.
The United Kingdom and nuclear deterrence
Finnish threat perception policy in the early years of the 21st century
The acronym book : acronyms in aerospace and defense
Handbook of defense economics. Vol. 2, Defense in a globalized world
The US-EU security relationship : the tensions between a European and a global agenda
NOD : non-offensive defence
Finnish security and defence policy 2009 : government report
Buying Defence and Security in Europe is the first critical evaluation of the EU Defence and Security Procurement Directive 2009/81/EC, which is now the basis for public and private entities buying armaments and sensitive goods and services in the EU. This instrument aims to ensure non-discrimination, competition and transparency in the security sectors. Part one provides a critical analysis of the economical, historical, political, military-strategic and legal contexts of the new EU Defence and Security Procurement Directive. Part two covers the main aspects of the Directive: its scope, procedures, security of supply and information, offsets and subcontracting, and finally its review and remedies system. This book is an essential overview of a legislative milestone in the field.
Eversti, fil tri (h.c.) K. J. Mikolan kirjallista tuotantoa 1937-1973 = Överste, fil dr (h.c.) K. J. Mikolas litterära produktion 1937-1973 = Studies and essays by Colonel, Dr Phil (h.c.) K. J. Mikola 1937-1973
About the futures' aspects on developing the Finnish National Defence
Russian military thinking and threat perception - a Finnish view
Whores or heroes? : the image of Lotta Svärd characters in TV -series Kun taivas repeää and taivas sinivalkoinen
Reputation : one part of social (media) cohesion also in a military organization
The silenced bridge of Finland : secret military cooperation between Finland and Estonia against the Soviet Union, 1930-1939
White Finland
National minorities in Estonian army in 1920 and 2000?
The European security development and Finnish defence : report by the Council of State to Parliament on 17 March 1997.
Nordic defense : comparative decision making
Dictionary of military terms : a guide to the language of warfare and military institutions
Non-militarisation : countries without armies : indentification criteria and first findings
Finnish and Swedish security : comparing national policies
Constructively aligned military education and training in the times of the European Bologna Process
Abstracts of research projects completed in the year 2000.
Defence restructuring and conversion: sociocultural aspects : COST Action A 10
War and self-defense
The right of youth to alternative service
Facts about the Finnish Defence Forces
Abstracts of research projects completed in 1995 and sponsored by the Scientific Committee of National Defence (Matine)
Journal of military studies
Churchill's Bunker : The Secret Headquarters at the Heart of Britain's Victory
Keep out! : top secret places governments don't want you to know about : high-security facilities, underground bases, and other off-limits areas
Abstracts of research projects completed in 1994 and sponsored by the Scientific Committee of National Defence (Matine)
Finnish security and defence policy 2004.
War, aggression and self-defence
Constitution, conscription and conscientious objection in Finland
Undercover operations in No-women's land : the Swedish Armed Forces through a gender lens
Secure Finland : information on comprehensive security in Finland
Non-offensive defence : a criteria model of military credibility : documentation
American national security
Yugoslavia ̕s total national defence : origin and development
Military Economics : the interaction of power and money
Open letter to a new Dutch government : the armed forces at risk
Aspects of security : the case of independent Finland
Future operational-tactical level warfare : challenges and showrtunities for the Defence of Finland
China's national defense
The fog of cyber defence
The Baltic republics : a strategic survey
Finnish military defence : Finland's security policy, organization of national defence
Friends in need : towards a Swedish strategy of solidarity with her neighbours
Abstracts of research projects completed in 1998 and sponsored by the Scientific Advisory Board for Defence (Matine)
War stars : the superweapon and the American imagination
Pivotal countries, alternate futures : using scenarios to manage American strategy
A history of the Soviet army
The present and near future of the Nordic defence
Towards east or west? : defence planning in Finland 1944-1966
Conscription : economic costs and political allure
Increasing security, but avoiding a security dilemma : perspectives on the U.S. ballistic missile defence in Europe
Finnish security and defence policy 2001 : report of the Defence Committee of Parliament 14.12.2001 in response to the Government report
Identifying the aggressor under international law : a principles approach
Handbook of the sociology of the military
Cold War secret nuclear bunkers : the passive defence of the Western world during the Cold War
EU civilian crisis management : the record so far
Military Vehicles
Contemporary security studies
To be a soldier in a globalizing world : the megalevel of change challenges National State, Finnish defence forces and an individual soldier
Passing the open windows : a quantitative and qualitative approach to immediate military balance and escalation of protracted conflicts
Lost in translation? : the solidarity declaration in practice: a Nordic perspective on EU civil protection
Congress and civil-military relations
QDR 2001 : strategy-driven choices for America's security
Security in 21st century Europe
Sino-Japanese relations : the need for conflict prevention and management
Finnish security and defence policy 2012 : Government report
Strategic management in a military organization : analyzing the management of change in Finnish Defence Forces
Helicopters, a new branch of service in the Finnish ground forces : presentations in the helicopter seminar at the Finnish National Defence College 11.-12.10.2001
State agent, identity and the "new world order" : reconstructing Polish defence identity after the cold war era
Evolution of the Finnish military doctrine 1945-1985 : documentation
Defense analysis
Pro patria : about national defense education and what it could be in the Finnish school system
Abstracts of research projects completed in 1997 and sponsored by the Scientific Committee of National Defence (Matine)
Identity, ethics, and soldiership
Denmark's 50 years with NATO
Cold will : the defence of Finland
Facts about the Finnish defence forces. 2002-2003
National defense : a study of the origins, results and prevention of war
Development of Finland's national defence after the Second World War
Abstracts of in 1999 completed research projects sponsored by the Scientific Advisory Board for Defence (MATINE)
Abstracts of research projects completed in 1996 and sponsored by the Scientific Committee of National Defence (Matine)
Women and war
The future of military leadership and management
