http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7312 neoplatonism
neoplatonism
Creation in Miniature: Varieties of the microcosm in the Rasāʾil Ikhwān aṣ-Ṣafāʾ
Anaxagoras, Origen, and neoplatonism : the legacy of Anaxagoras to classical and late antiquity
This 2007 text is the third volume in a new translation of Proclus' Commentary on Plato's Timaeus, drawing on significant advances in scholarship on Neoplatonic commentators. It offers an invaluable record of early interpretations of Plato's dialogue, while also presenting Proclus' own views on the meaning and significance of Platonic philosophy.
Neoplatonism and Islamic thought
Plotinus on self : the philosophy of the 'we'
Studies in Plato and the Platonic tradition : essays presented to John Whittaker
Chance and determinism in Avicenna and Averroes
Nicolaus Scutellius, O.S.A., as Pseudo-Pletho : the sixteenth-century treatise Pletho in Aristotelem and the scribe Michael Martinus Stella
The enneads
Levinas and the Greek heritage
The notion of That Which depends On Us in Plotinus and its background
Proclus : an introduction
Neoplatonism and the arts
The Neoplatonic Socrates
Iamblichus and the foundations of late platonism
The libraries of the Neoplatonists : proceedings of the meeting of the European Science Foundation Network "Late antiquity and Arabic thought : patterns in the constitution of European culture" held in Strasbourg, March 12-14, 2004 under the impulsion of the scientific committee of the meeting, composed by Matthias Baltes, Michel Cacouros, Cristina D'Ancona, Tiziano Dorandi, Gerhard Endress, Philippe Hoffmann, Henri Hugonnard Roche
Gnosticism and later platonism : themes, figures, and texts
Hermetic roots of Marsilio Ficino’s anthropocentric thought
A history of medieval philosophy
Neoplatonism and contemporary thought : part 2
The closing of the neoplatonic school in A.D. 529 : an additional aspect
Studies in iconology : humanistic themes in the art of the Renaissance
The philosophers of Late Antiquity have sometimes appeared to be estranged from society. 'We must flee everything physical' is one of the most prominent ideas taken by Augustine from Platonic literature. This collection of new studies by leading writers on Late Antiquity treats both the principles of metaphysics and the practical engagement of philosophers. It points to a more substantive and complex involvement in worldly affairs than conventional handbooks admit.
Reading ancient texts : essays in honour of Denis O'Brien. Vol. 2, Aristotle and neoplatonism
Ibn Waḥshiyya on the soul : neoplatonic soul doctrine and the treatise on the soul contained in the Nabatean agriculture
Neoplatonism and the philosophy of nature
The philosophy of Gemistos Plethon : Platonism in late Byzantium, between Hellenism and orthodoxy
The nature of Martin Luther's theological cosmology between 1513 and 1521: a re-examination of the platonism thesis
Muslim neoplatonists : an introduction to the thought of the Brethren of Purity (Ikhwān al-Ṣafāʾ)
Literary, philosophical, and religious studies in the Platonic tradition : papers from the 7th Annual Conference of the International Society for Neoplatonic Studies
The philosopher and society in late antiquity : essays in honour of Peter Brown
This Festschrift honors the life and work of John D. Turner (Charles J. Mach University Professor of Classics and History at the University of Nebraska at Lincoln) on the occasion of his 75th birthday. Professor Turner's work has been of profound importance for the study of the interaction between Greek philosophy and Gnosticism in late antiquity. This volume contains essays by international scholars on a broad range of topics that deal with Sethian, Valentinian and other early Christian thought, as well as with Platonism and Neoplatonism, and offer a variety of perspectives spanning intellectual history, Greek and Coptic philology, and the study of religions.
The school of Ammonius, son of Hermias, on knowledge of the divine
A companion to Plato
Studia Patristica. Vol. LVIII, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 6, Neoplatonism and patristics
Proclus' hymns : essays, translations, commentary
Monopsychism, mysticism, metaconsciousness : problems of the soul in the neoaristotelian and neoplatonic tradition
Marsilio Ficino, Pietro Bembo, Baldassare Castiglione : philosophical, aesthetic, and political approaches in Renaissance Platonism
Proclus of Lycia (412–485) was one of the greatest philosophers of antiquity, producing the most systematic version of late Neoplatonic thought. He exercised enormous influence on Byzantine, medieval, Renaissance and German Classical philosophy, ranking among the top five of ancient philosophers in terms of the number of preserved works. Despite this he is rarely studied now, the enormous intricacy of his system making the reading of his treatises difficult for beginners. This book provides the first comprehensive introduction to all the basic areas of Proclus' thought. It carefully guides the reader through his metaphysics, theology, epistemology and theory of evil, as well as his sophisticated philosophy of religion. It also sets Proclus in the historical, social and religious context of late antiquity, offering a synthetic account that will appeal to historians and students of ancient religion.
The Blackwell guide to ancient philosophy
From the Old Academy to later neo-Platonism : studies in the history of Platonic thought
The perennial tradition of Neoplatonism
Concord in discourse : harmonics and semiotics in late classical and early medieval Platonism
Augustineś love of wisdom : an introspective philosophy
Neoplatonic Saints : the lives of Plotinus and Proclus by their students
Union and distinction in Dionysius the Areopagite
From Platonism to Neoplatonism
Plotinus, Porphyry and Iamblichus : philosophy and religion in Neoplatonism
George Gemistos Plethon (c. 1360-1454) was a remarkable and influential thinker, active at the time of transition between the Byzantine Middle Ages and the Italian Renaissance. His works cover literary, historical, scientific, but most notably philosophical issues.
Richard Hooker, reformer and platonist : a reassessment of his thought
Mystery in philosophy : an invocation of Pseudo-Dionysius
Ten gifts of the Demiurge : Proclus' commentary on Plato's Timaeus
Plato and Theodoret : the Christian appropriation of Platonic philosophy and the Hellenic intellectual resistance
Neoplatonism
Plotinus on intellect
Limits and renewals. Vol. 2, A parliament of souls
Neoplatonic aesthetics : music, literature & the visual arts
Divine men and women in the history and society of late Hellenism
Christian metaphysics and neoplatonism
Commentary on Plato's Timaeus. Vol. 3, Book 3, part 1 ; Proclus on the world's body
From platonism to neoplatonism
The Arabic Plotinus : a philosophical study of the theology of Aristotle
Proclus' commentary on Plato's Timaeus is perhaps the most important surviving Neoplatonic commentary. In it Proclus contemplates nature's mysterious origins and at the same time employs the deductive rigour required to address perennial philosophical questions. Nature, for him, is both divine and mathematically transparent. He renders theories of Time, Eternity, Providence, Evil, Soul and Intellect and constructs an elaborate ontology that includes mathematics and astronomy. He gives ample play to pagan theology too, frequently lapsing into the arcane language of the Chaldaean Oracles. Ten Gifts of the Demiurge is an essential companion to this rich but complex and densely wrought text, providing an analysis of its arguments and showing that it, like the cosmos Proclus reveres, is a living coherent whole. The book provides aides to understanding Proclus' work within the complex background of Neoplatonic philosophy, familiarising the reader with the political context of the Athenian school, analysing Proclus' key terminology, and giving background to the philosophical arguments and ancient sciences upon which Proclus draws. Above all, it helps the reader appreciate the varicoloured light that Proclus sheds on the secrets of nature.
Culture and philosophy in the age of Plotinus
Plotinus : an introduction to the Enneads
The notion of that which depends on us in Plotinus and its background
Concerning the city of God against pagans
The successive sets of Studia Patristica contain papers delivered at the International Conferences on Patristic Studies, which meet for a week once every four years in Oxford. These papers range over the whole field, both East and West, from the second century to a section on the Nachleben of the Fathers. The majority are short papers dealing with some small and manageable point; they raise and sometimes resolve questions about the authenticity of documents, dates of events, and such like, and some unveil new texts. The longer papers put such matters into context and indicate wider trends. The whole reflects the state of Patristic scholarship and demonstrates the vigour and popularity of the subject.
Reading Plotinus : a practical introduction to Neoplatonism
Divine light : the theology of Denys the Areopagite
Mystical monotheism : a study in ancient Platonic theology
Physics and philosophy of nature in Greek Neoplatonism : proceedings of the European Science Foundation Exploratory Workshop (Il Ciocco, Castelvecchio Pascoli, June 22-24, 2006)
Proclus, Erototokos and "the Great Confusion" : Neoplatonist defense of polytheistic piety in early byzantine Athens
Aristotle and Neoplatonism in late antiquity : interpretations of the De anima
Al-Fārābi : founder of Islamic Neoplatonism : his life, works and influence
On the mysteries = De mysteriis Aegyptiorum
The Routledge handbook of neoplatonism
Eriugena, Berkeley, and the idealist tradition
Gnosticism, Platonism and the late ancient world : essays in honour of John D. Turner
The elements of theology : a revised text with translation, introduction and commentary
In the present volume Proclus describes the 'creation' of the soul that animates the entire universe. This is not a literal creation, for Proclus argues that Plato means only to convey the eternal dependence of the World Soul upon higher causes. In his exegesis of Plato's text, Proclus addresses a range of issues in Pythagorean harmonic theory, as well as questions about the way in which the World Soul knows both forms and the visible reality that comprises its body. This part of Proclus' Commentary is particularly responsive to the interpretive tradition that precedes it. As a result, this volume is especially significant for the study of the Platonic tradition from the earliest commentators onwards.
Neoplatonism and Jewish thought
Proclus : neo-platonic philosophy and science
Plotinus the Platonist : a comparative account of Plato and Plotinus' metaphysics
Gregory of Nyssa and the grasp of faith : union, knowledge, and divine presence
Sacred place in early medieval Neoplatonism
The Enneads
The nature and destiny of man in the doctrine of Plotinus and H. P. Blavatsky
Plotinus on the unity and identity of changin particulars
"Infini rien" : Pascal's wager and the human paradox
Laus Platonici philosophi : Marsilio Ficino and his influence
Plotinus or the simplicity of vision
Plato and Aristotle in agreement : the neoplatonist commentaries on Aristotle's Categories : by Thomas James Bole, III
The neoplatonists: a reader
Chaldaean oracles and theurgy : mysticism, magic and platonism in the later Roman empire
Neoplatonism and Western aesthetics
Theurgy and the soul : the neoplatonism of Iamblichus
Neoplatonism after Derrida : parallelograms
Neoplatonism and early Christian thought : essays in honour of A. H. Armstrong
Die Dionysius-Rezeption im Mittelalter : Internationales Kolloquium in Sofia vom 8. bis 11. April 1999 unter der Schirmherrschaft der Sociaetae internationale pour l'aetude de la philosophie maediaevale
The syntax of time : the phenomenology of time in Greek physics and speculative logic from Iamblichus to Anaximander
A history of mediaeval philosophy
Commentary on Plato's Timaeus. Vol. 1, Book 1: Proclus on the Socratic state and Atlantis
Plato's third eye : studies in Marsilio Ficino's Metaphysics and its Sources
The Divine Iamblichus : philosopher and man of gods
Plotinus in dialogue with the Gnostics
Themes in Neoplatonic and Aristotelian logic : order, negotiation and abstraction
The authentic self : essays in al-Fārābī and late ancient Greek philosophy
Religion and philosophy in the Platonic and Neoplatonic traditions : from Antiquity to the early Medieval period
Early philosophical Shiism : the Ismaili Neoplatonism of Abū Yaʻqūb al-Sijistānī
The concept of time in late Neoplatonism
Limits and renewals. Vol. 3, God's world and the great awakening
Treatise on faith and justice of Christ's kingdom
The unknown God : negative theology in the Platonic tradition: Plato to Eriugena
The philosophy of the commentators, 200-600 AD : a sourcebook. Vol. 2, Physics
The literary microcosm : theories of interpretation of the later neoplatonists
The posthumous life of Plato
Dionysius the Areopagite and the Neoplatonist tradition : despoiling the Hellenes
Participation and the good : a study in Boethian metaphysics
The Cosmographia of Bernardus Silvestris
Vera philosophia : studies in Late Antique, Early Medieval and Renaissance Christian thought
The exhortation to philosophy : including the letters of Iamblichus and Proclus' commentary on the Chaldean oracles
Proclus' Commentary on the Cratylus in context : ancient theories of language and naming
Death and immortality in late Neoplatonism : studies on the ancient commentaries on Plato's Phaedo
These two texts are fundamental for the understanding not only of Neoplatonism but also of the conventions of biography in late antiquity. Neither has received such extensive annotation before in English, and this new commentary makes full use of recent scholarship. The long introduction is intended both as a beginner's guide to Neoplatonism and as a survey of ancient biographical writing.
Commentary on Plato's Timaeus / Volume 2, Proclus on the causes of the cosmos and its creation
Platonisms : ancient, modern and postmodern
On Plotinus
Masters of learned ignorance : Eriugena, Eckhart, Cusanus
Plotinus's ethics of disinterest interest
Theophany : the neoplatonic philosophy of Dionysius the Areopagite
The teachings of Syrianus on Plato's Timaeus and Parmenides
A platonick song of the soul
Theophrastus
Studies on the Neoplatonist Hierocles
George Gemistos Plethon : the last of the Hellens
The philosophical life : biography and the crafting of intellectual identity in late antiquity
Ancient Greek Philosophy routinely relied upon concepts of number to explain the tangible order of the universe. Plotinus' contribution to this tradition, however, has been often omitted, if not ignored. The main reason for this, at first glance, is the Plotinus does not treat the subject of number in the Enneads as pervasively as the Neopythagoreans or even his own successors Lamblichus, Syrianus, and Proclus. Nevertheless, a close examination of the Enneads reveals that Plotinus systematically discusses number in relation to each of his underlying principles of existence--the One, Intellect, and Soul. Plotinus on Number offers the first comprehensive analysis of Plotinus' concept of number, beginning with its origins in Plato and the Neopythagoreans and ending with its influence on Porphyry's arrangement of the Enneads. It's main argument is that Plotinus adapts Plato's and the Neopythagoreans' cosmology to place number in the foundation of the intelligible realm and in the construction of the universe. Through Plotinus' defense of Plato's Ideal Numbers from Aristotle's criticism, Svetla Slaveva-Griffin reveals the founder of Neoplatonism as the first post-Platonic philosopher who purposefully and systematically develops what we may call a theory of number, distinguishing between number in the intelligible realm and number in the quantitative, mathematical realm. Finally, the book draws attention to Plotinus' concept as a necessary and fundamental linke between Platonic and late Neoplatonic schools of philosophy.
Hierocles of Alexandria
Commentary on Plato's Timaeus. Vol. 4, Book 3, part 2 ; Proclus on the world soul
