http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7319 world
world
Vital signs 2009 : the trends that are shaping our future
Participating in Canada's victory : the Finnish community in Canada during World War II
Wittgenstein and the problem of other minds
There is no dog
Nation shapes : the story behind the world's borders
Plotinus on self : the philosophy of the 'we'
Life on Instagram : 2017.
The trees
Vital signs 2006-2007 : the trends that are shaping our future
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
Stamps of the world. 2007, volume 5 : Countries S-Z
Getty images 1980s. : Decades of the 20th century = Dekaden des 20. jahrhunderts = Décennies du XX siècle
Collins [new] world atlas
Pandora Walker unwittingly unleashes cyber Armageddon on her seventeenth birthday and must play a virtual reality game in order to save the world.
The night watch
How the sun got to Coco's house
The international atlas : World longitudes & latitudes. Time changes and time zones
Stamps of the world. 2013, 1 : Countries Abu Dhabi-Charkhari
Every heart a doorway
Things and places : how the mind connects with the world
The new world atlas
The post-Porto Alegre World Social Forum : an open space or a movement of movements
A bibliographic guide to the lichen floras of the world
Twenty-two theses on the problems of democracy in the World Social Forum
Y, The last man : Book one
Observing and modeling earth's energy flows
Mammoth book of the World Cup
51st state : a card game set in the world of Neuroshima
The liminal people : a novel
The new Oxford school atlas
EDMD Collaboration and Virtual Prototyping
Oxford world atlas
Behemoth : seppuku
Fall of the multiverse
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
Getty images 1960s : Decades of the 20th century = Dekaden des 20. jahrhunderts = Décennies du XX siècle
The world
The world : a beginner's guide
Countdown city
The Economist pocket world in figures
Life pictorial atlas of the world
The girl with no name
The survivalist
The eye of the falcon
Nokia Solutions and Networks (NSN) requires new tools for collaborating electronic and mechanic design phases in its product development. In the first part of this thesis will be introduced Electrical Data Mechanical Data (EDMD) application; the software will be tested within a project to resolve tool’s possibilities and challenges from NSN’s point of view. Results of the study will be used for deciding further usage of the tool. Secondly the thesis will study virtual prototyping as a new working method and also related simulation tools. Tested EDMD tool is one module of the simulation environment. Virtual prototyping will be tested within real product development process and experiences of team members will be utilized to improve NSN’s practices. EDMD tool’s suitability for NSN’s development was tested during short but intensive testing period. Tests were carried out by five experts according to pre-decided testing plan. Virtual prototyping was trialed in project of which team members were instructed to use the new way of working. Simulation tools were tested in same project and collected testing data was analyzed with experts. Testing of EDMD tool succeeded despite of the tide schedule. Tool support was excellent and majority of problems was solved swiftly enabling performance of all planned testing tasks. EDMD tool clearly has potentiality as in addition of visual aid it improves communication between separate design modules. Also new practice of using virtual prototyping received positive feedback from the project team. As a result of the study a conclusive report was presented to NSN for further actions.
World tables : from the data files of the World Bank
White death
Compressive behaviour of the soil in buffer zones under different management practices in Finland
Marcha mundial por la paz y la no-violenza = The world march for peace & nonviolence
Memory of water
Stamps of the world. 2014, 6 : Countries Sirmoor-Zululand
Seraphim : 266613336 wings
The presence and absence of God : Claremont studies in the philosophy of religion, conference 2008
Good omens : the nice and accurate prophecies of Agnes Nutter, witch
Five thousand years after a catastropic event sends a small surviving remnant of humanity into outer space, the progeny of those survivors--seven distinct races now three billion strong--embark on a journey into the unknown to return to Earth.
Still believing in virtual worlds : a decomposed approach
Vital water graphics : an overview of the state of the world's fresh and marine waters
Global health : an introduction to current and future trends
Stamps of the world. 2014, 5 : Countries New South Wales-Singapore
The atlas of world religions
The day gone by : an autobiography
People around the world
Lloyd's Maritime Atlas of world ports and shipping places
Behemoth : B-Max
CO2 emissions from fuel combustion. 2010 edition
Lloyd's maritime atlas of world ports and shipping places
Integrated pest management in the global arena
Reforesting landscapes : linking pattern and process
"The conclusion of the Red Rising trilogy. Born a lowly Red in the mines of Mars, Darrow lost his beloved wife to the treacherous Gold overlords. Vowing to fight for the future that his wife believed in, Darrow joins a secret revolutionary group and is remade into a Gold so that he can infiltrate the ruling class and bring them down from the inside. Now, after years of hiding amongst the Golds, Darrow is finally ready to declare open revolution and throw off the chains of oppression. Nothing in Darrow's world has been easily won, and this final fight will be the most harrowing of all"
Water in crisis : a guide to the world's fresh water resources
Battlestar Galactica. The fourth and final season
An intermediate geography
The world's protected areas : status, values and prospects in the 21st century
World atlas
Unbroken : a World War II story of survival, resilience, and redemption
Telling absence : war widows, loss and memory
International capital markets in 1987
Stamps of the world. 2007, volume 3 : Countries I-M
Stamps of the world. 2014, 3 : Countries German Commands-Jasdan
Energy use worldwide : a reference handbook
Worldview in counselling : school counsellor students' experiences of approaching worldview.
The Times desktop atlas of the world
Mappæ antiquæ : liber amicorum Günter Schilder : vriendenboek ter gelegenheid van zijn 65ste verjaardag = Essays on the occasion of his 65th birthday = Festschrift zur Vollendung seines 65. Lebensjahres = Mélanges offerts pour son 65ième anniversaire
Battlestar Galactica. Season three
EDMD collaboration and virtual prototyping
Hammond atlas of the world
Great dishes of the world in colour
Catch-22
The blitz : a very peculiar history : with no added doodlebugs
The shepherd's crown
Dreamsnake
Small world
War and peace in the ancient world
Transcendent : a Starling novel
Scalar condensates in the early Universe and consequences of their non-perturbative decay
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (3), Collectors : I-L
CETI Revisited : should we send radio messages to faraway galaxies?
Battlestar Galactica. Season one
Climate change : past, present, and future
The Times atlas of the world
Edgar Rice Burroughs' At the earths core
Stamps of the world. 2013, 3 : Countries German Commands-Jasdan
Childcraft. 13, Exploring the past
In the whirlwind : God and humanity in conflict
The planet in 2050 : the Lund disourse of the future
Oxford atlas of the world
Lovers at the Chameleon Club, Paris 1932 : a novel
A brief history of time:  from the big bang to black holes
2019 : after the fall of New York
Atlantic history :  a critical appraisal
Stamps of the world. 2007, volume 1 : Countries A-C
Big history : our incredible journey, from big bang to now
The Atlantis plague
Goode's world atlas
Miracleman. Book one, The golden age
Stamps of the world. 2013, 6 : Countries Sirmoor-Zululand
If your dreams take off and fly
Vegetation structure and function at multiple spatial, temporal and conceptual scales
Collins children's world atlas
Global Pentecostalism : the new face of Christian social engagement
The engaged intellect : philosophical essays
Hideyuki Kikuchi's vampire hunter D. Volume 2
Warspite
The last Jews in Berlin
Masterclass : graphic design : guide to the world's leading graduate schools
The atlantis world
Bending the curve : toward global sustainability
Small world : Underground
Database-wide studies on the validity of the Geocentric Axial Dipole hypothesis in the Precambrian
Forestry in a global context
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (5), Collectors : N-R
The international capital market in 1986
Stamps of the world. 2009, volume 2 : Countries D-H
Getty images 1970s : Decades of the 20th century = Dekaden des 20. jahrhunderts = Décennies du XX siècle
Characterization of primordial perturbations by observations
Engine summer
The transcendence of the world : phenomenological studies
Peters atlas of the world
Innocence (with bonus short story Wilderness) : a novel
Ice and fire
Designing regenerative cultures
"Four months have passed since the shadow stone fell into Kell's  possession. Four months since his path crossed with Delilah Bard. Four  months since Rhy was wounded and the Dane twins fell, and the stone was  cast with Holland's dying body through the rift, and into Black London. In  many ways, things have almost returned to normal, though Rhy is more  sober, and Kell is now plagued by his guilt. Restless, and having given  up smuggling, Kell is visited by dreams of ominous magical events,  waking only to think of Lila, who disappeared from the docks like she  always meant to do. As Red London finalizes preparations for the Element  Games-an extravagent international competition of magic, meant to  entertain and keep healthy the ties between neighboring countries-a  certain pirate ship draws closer, carrying old friends back into port.But  while Red London is caught up in the pageantry and thrills of the  Games, another London is coming back to life, and those who were thought  to be forever gone have returned. After all, a shadow that was gone in  the night reappears in the morning, and so it seems Black London has  risen again-and so to keep magic's balance, another London must fall"--
The dark heroine : dinner with a vampire
The world in figures
Odhams new atlas of the world : containing ninety-six pages of maps in full colour and a comprehensive index
Sweden in the eighteenth-century world : provincial cosmopolitans
World atlas of the Finland steamship company
Hydrogen soil deposition and atmospheric variations in the boreal zone
The Times Atlas of the World
Representations, targets, and attitudes
Eurasian large mammal dynamics in response to changing environments during the Late Neogene
Sustainable forest management in a changing world: a European perspective
Chemical characteristics of Finnish bedrock : 1:1 000 000 scale bedrock map units
Seeing through illusions
Masks around the world
Stamps of the world. 2009, volume 1 : Countries A-C
Archivist Wasp : a novel
Role of substrate on the dendroclimatic response of Scots pine from varying elevations in northern Scotland
Great journeys : travel the world's most spectacular routes
Stamps of the world. 2007, volume 2 : Countries D-H
Cave~in
The dire Earth
Stamps of the world. 2013, 4 : Countries Jersey-New Republic
Eighteenth-century Sweden was deeply involved in the process of globalisation: ships leaving Sweden's central ports exported bar iron that would drive the Industrial Revolution, whilst arriving ships would bring not only exotic goods and commodities to Swedish consumers, but also new ideas and cultural practices with them. At the same time, Sweden was an agricultural country to a large extent governed by self-subsistence, and - for most - wealth was created within this structure. This volume brings together a group of scholars from a range of disciplinary backgrounds who seek to present a more nuanced and elaborated picture of the Swedish cosmopolitan eighteenth century. Together they paint a picture of Sweden that is more like the one eighteenth-century intellectuals imagined, and help to situate Sweden in histories of cosmopolitanism of the wider world.
Getty images 1950s. : Decades of the 20th century = Dekaden des 20. jahrhunderts = Décennies du XX siècle
Atlas of the world
Global environments through the Quaternary : exploring environmental change
The uninvited : a novel
Standard catalog of world coins 1989
World religions : a historical approach
Global environmental politics : from person to planet
Elementary education and children's lives during the Second World War in Finland
Subterranean
Stamps of the world. 2013, 5 : Countries New South Wales-Singapore
World Bank and the case for privatisation : development in Peru in the 1990s
English thesaurus : the ultimate word power companion
Stamps of the world. 2009, volume 4 : Countries N-R
World of folk  songs : for all organ
Contribution of livestock to food production in developing countries
Battlestar Galactica. Season two
Il contributo italiano alla realizzazione della Carta della Terra nel 50. anniversario delle Nazioni Unite : atti del Convegno internazionale, Roma, 6-7 maggio 1996 = The 50th anniversary of the United Nations and the Italian contribution toward the realization of the Earth Charter
The infinite sea
Malayan spymaster : memoirs of a rubber planter, bandit fighter, and spy
The Nelson universal hand-atlas : 240 maps of the countries and chief cities of the world
The recollection
Station eleven : a novel
A tale of the light world : revealing a profound secret of the universe
From the deep of the dark
Stamps of the world. 2007, volume 4 : Countries N-R
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
Peoples of the world
Problem solving for better health : a global perspective
Sustainable development and the limitation of growth : future prospects for world civilization
My very first our world book
Lakes of the world with Google Earth : understanding our environment
Mobile technology, gender and development in  Africa, India and Bangladesh
Site analysis interpreting the past in the present real art educational co-operation in virtual reality
The lost history of 1914 : how the Great War was not inevitable
World regional geography
My school, our world : incredible and unusual schools around the world
Wool
The society chapter
Remember who you are : remember 'where' you are and where you 'come' from : remember
The time traveler's handbook : 18 experiences from the eruption of Vesuvius to Woodstock
The Third World
Stamps of the world. 2009, volume 5 : Countries S-Z
Dark energy, extended gravity, and solar system constraints
Mobile world - how to escape the borders of traditional study fields?
Stamps of the world. 2009, volume 3 : Countries I-M
Essentials of world regional geography
Atop Olympus, Miracleman presides over a brave new world forged from London's destruction. It is a world free of war, of famine, of poverty. A world of countless wonders. A world where pilgrims scale Olympus's peak to petition their living god while, miles below, the dead return in fantastic android bodies. It is an Golden Age - but is humanity ready for utopia? / WorldCat.
World Social Forum : what should it be when it grows up?
A short history of nearly everything
Stamps of the world. 2014, 4 : Countries Jersey-New Republic
Export and import of sporting goods
Encarta : Interactive world atlas 2000.
The Gaia atlas of planet management
Global forest monitoring from earth observation
Stamps of the world. 2013, 2 : Countries Chile-Georgia
This thesis concerns feminist sociological analysis of war loss and its consequences as experienced and told by Finnish Karelian war widows of World War 2. They lost their partners and had to leave their homes by force, when Karelia was evacuated twice in 1939\1944. Over 400,000 refugees from this ceded South-Eastern area were permanently resettled elsewhere in Finland. Finnish war widows\2019 telling of history has been missing from academic research, for this the subject has not been investigated prior to this present work. The research material the thesis reports on was gathered in interviews with five Karelian war widows, through examining Karelian life stories in the Finnish Literature Society\2019s Folklore Archive, and also researching war widows\2019 assistance pension letters in the State Treasury.
Around the world : spot-and-say fun for little ones!
The girl who soared over Fairyland and cut the moon in two
Childhood in the shadow of war : filled with work and play
A postapocalyptic ghosthunter escapes her dire fate by joining the ghost of a supersoldier on his quest to the underworld.
A gathering of shadows
Skip across the ocean : nursery rhymes from around the world
nature and nation : vaster than empires
Small world : Realms
Stamps of the world. 2013 [i.e 2014], 2 : Countries Chile-Georgia
Hammond's ambassador world atlas
State of world population 2009 : facing a changing world: women, population and climate
The earth story in Genesis
The shift omnibus
This report provides an accessible resource on the state of the world's fresh, coastal, and marine waters and how water usage and social, economic, and environmental factors are related. The 40 color graphics, together with maps and accompanying texts, illustrate how the quantity, quality, and availability of fresh and marine waters play a major role in determining levels and patterns of poverty, land degradation, pollution, sanitation, health, and rural and urban development worldwide. In addition, they show water trends with examples from the past two decades, revealing present trends and addressing potential future scenarios. Includes a CD-ROM version. Presented in a four-ring binder (10.25x12.5").  Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR.
Having the world in view : essays on Kant, Hegel, and Sellars
