http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7311 Platonism
Platonism
Introducing radical orthodoxy : mapping a post-secular theology
Questioning Platonism : continental interpretations of Plato
Aristotle and other Platonists
Knowledge, cause, and abstract objects : causal objections to Platonism
The Platonic tradition in Anglo-Saxon philosophy : studies in the history of idealism in England and America
Commentary on Plato's Timaeus. Vol. 1, Book 1: Proclus on the Socratic state and Atlantis
Marsilio Ficino, Pietro Bembo, Baldassare Castiglione : philosophical, aesthetic, and political approaches in Renaissance Platonism
The christian platonists of Alexandria : Eight lectures preached before the University of Oxford in the year of 1886
The Platonic theology of Ioane Petritsi
Mystical monotheism : a study in ancient Platonic theology
The development of Plato's political theory
Plato and the trial of Socrates
The notion of that which depends on us in Plotinus and its background
Creation in Miniature: Varieties of the microcosm in the Rasāʾil Ikhwān aṣ-Ṣafāʾ
The notion of That Which depends On Us in Plotinus and its background
Apuleius' platonism : the impersonation of philosophy
Gnosticism and later platonism : themes, figures, and texts
The idea of the good in Platonic-Aristotelian philosophy
From Platonism to Neoplatonism
The neoplatonists: a reader
The christian platonists of Alexandria : the 1886 Bampton lectures
Plato and Theodoret : the Christian appropriation of Platonic philosophy and the Hellenic intellectual resistance
Platonism at the origins of modernity : studies on Platonism and early modern philosophy
Although Thomas Jackson (1579-1640) is recognized by scholars as the most important theologian of the Laudian church, hitherto there has been no comprehensive study of his philosophical theology. The reason for Jackson's neglect is that scholars have been puzzled by the sources, character and influence of his Christian Platonism. From a close and comprehensive reading of his magnum opus - a massive twelve book commentary on the Apostles' Creed - this book shows how Jackson regards the Platonic tradition as an essential and perennial resource for the Christian theologian, anticipating and informing central aspects of Christian theological speculation and belief, given by divine providence to help him interpret and defend his creed. Special attention is paid to the influence of Nicholas of Cusa (1401-1464) on Jackson, an important moment in the history of thought since the German cardinal is generally thought to have been without intellectual successors in the early modern period.
The nature of Martin Luther's theological cosmology between 1513 and 1521: a re-examination of the platonism thesis
On Epictetus : handbook 1-26
Iamblichus and the foundations of late platonism
Clement of Alexandria
Plato and the founding of the Academy : based on a letter from Plato, newly discovered
Plato's universe
Commentary on Plato's Timaeus. Vol. 3, Book 3, part 1 ; Proclus on the world's body
Studies in Platonism and patristic thought
Plato's dialectic at play : argument, structure, and myth in the Symposium
Plotinus : the road to reality
The philosopher-king in medieval and Renaissance Jewish thought
Plato's reception of Parmenides
Second sailing : alternative perspectives on Plato
The great tradition : further studies in the development of Platonism and early Christianity
Platonisms : ancient, modern and postmodern
Platonic theology. Vol. 5, Books XV-XVI
Demiurge and Providence : Stoic and Platonist readings of Plato's Timaeus
The winged chariot : collected essays on Plato and platonism in honour of L. M. de Rijk
The spell of Calcidius : Platonic concepts and images in the medieval west
Marsilio Ficino : his theology, his philosophy, his legacy
Plato's progeny : how Plato and Socrates still captivate the modern mind
This 2007 text is the third volume in a new translation of Proclus' Commentary on Plato's Timaeus, drawing on significant advances in scholarship on Neoplatonic commentators. It offers an invaluable record of early interpretations of Plato's dialogue, while also presenting Proclus' own views on the meaning and significance of Platonic philosophy.
Augustine and his critics : essays in honour of Gerald Bonner
The question of being : a reversal of Heidegger
The Neoplatonic metaphysics and epistemology of Anselm of Canterbury
Apuleius and the Metamorphosis of Platonism
The Cambridge Platonists : a study
The works of Walter Pater in eight volumes. 6, Plato and platonism : a series of lectures
The authentic self : essays in al-Fārābī and late ancient Greek philosophy
Amor Dei : a study of the religion of St. Augustine : the Hulsean lectures for 1938
Proclus the Neoplatonic philosopher : Ten doubts concerning providence and a solution of those doubts and On the subsistence of Evil
The true intellectual system of the universe : Faksimile-Neudruck der Ausgabe von London 1678
Plato revived : essays on ancient Platonism in honour of Dominic J. O'Meara
Aristotelian logic platonism, and the context of early medieval philosophy in the west
On Plato's Timaeus
The platonic experience in nineteeth century England
The Platonic Theology is a visionary work and the philosophical masterpiece of Marsilio Ficino (1433-1499), the Florentine scholar-philosopher-magus who was largely responsible for the Renaissance revival of Plato. A student of the Neoplatonic schools of Plotinus and Proclus, he was committed to reconciling Platonism with Christianity, in the hope that such a reconciliation would initiate a spiritual revival and return of the golden age. His Platonic evangelizing was eminently successful and widely influential, and his Platonic Theology, translated into English for the first time in this edition, is one of the keys to understanding the art, thought, culture, and spirituality of the Renaissance.
Plato on parts and wholes : the metaphysics of structure
Plotinus the Platonist : a comparative account of Plato and Plotinus' metaphysics
Paradoxes : a study in form and predication
Henry More, 1614-1687 : a biography of the Cambridge Platonist
After Gödel : Platonism and rationalism in mathematics and logic
The golden chain : studies in the development of Platonism and Christianity
Proclus, Erototokos and "the Great Confusion" : Neoplatonist defense of polytheistic piety in early byzantine Athens
"This book examines Augustine's intellectual conversion from Platonism to Christianity, as described at Confessions 7.9.13-21.27. It is widely assumed that this occurred in the summer of 386, shortly before Augustine's volitional conversion in the garden at Milan. Brian Dobell argues, however, that Augustine's intellectual conversion did not occur until the mid 390s, and develops this claim by comparing Confessions 7.9.13-21.27 with a number of important passages and themes from Augustine's early writings. He thus invites the reader to consider anew the problem of Augustine's conversion in 386: was it to Platonism or Christianity? His original and important study will be of interest to a wide range of readers in the history of philosophy and the history of theology."--Page preceeding t. p.
The middle Platonists : a study of Platonism, 80 B.C. to A.D. 220
Augustine's intellectual conversion : the journey from Platonism to Christianity
Lacan's ethics and Nietzsche's critique of platonism
Plato and the good : illuminating the darkling vision
Hierocles of Alexandria
A history of philosophy. Volume 1, Greece and Rome
In the present volume Proclus describes the 'creation' of the soul that animates the entire universe. This is not a literal creation, for Proclus argues that Plato means only to convey the eternal dependence of the World Soul upon higher causes. In his exegesis of Plato's text, Proclus addresses a range of issues in Pythagorean harmonic theory, as well as questions about the way in which the World Soul knows both forms and the visible reality that comprises its body. This part of Proclus' Commentary is particularly responsive to the interpretive tradition that precedes it. As a result, this volume is especially significant for the study of the Platonic tradition from the earliest commentators onwards.
From Plato to Platonism
Forms and functions of medical knowledge in Plato : interpretations and Research-historiography
Plato's first interpreters
Aristotle, Plato and Pythagoreanism in the first century BC : new directions for philosophy
The origins of the platonic system : platonisms of the early empire and their philosophical contexts
Rethinking Plato and Platonism
The Christian Platonism of Thomas Jackson
Order from disorder : Proclus' doctrine of evil and its roots in ancient Platonism
Plato's Theaetetus is an acknowledged masterpiece, and among the most influential texts in the history of epistemology. Since antiquity it has been debated whether this dialogue was written by Plato to support his familiar metaphysical doctrines, or represents a self-distancing from these. David Sedley's book offers a via media, founded on a radical separation of the author, Plato, from his main speaker, Socrates. The dialogue, it is argued, is addressed to readers familiar with Plato's mature doctrines, and sets out to show how these doctrines, far from being an abandonment of his Socratic heritage, are its natural outcome. The Socrates portrayed here is the same Socrates as already portrayed in Plato's early dialogues. While not a Platonist, he is exhibited - to put it in terms of an image made famous by this dialogue - as having been Platonism's midwife. In a comprehensive rereading of the text, Sedley tracks the ways in which Socrates is shown unwittingly preparing the ground for Plato's mature doctrines, and reinterprets the dialogue's individual arguments from this perspective. The book is addressed to all readers interested in Plato, and does not require knowledge of Greek.
Plato and Platonism
Plato's Republic : critical essays
The structure of being and the search for good : essays on ancient and early medieval platonism
God and forms in Plato : the Platonic cosmology
The wise master builder : Platonic geometry in plans of medieval abbeys and cathedrals
Pyrrhonists, patricians, Platonizers : Hellenistic philosophy in the period 155-86 BC : tenth Symposium Hellenisticum
Sethian gnosticism and the platonic tradition
From the Old Academy to later neo-Platonism : studies in the history of Platonic thought
The Platonic Alcibiades I : the dialogue and its ancient reception
Platonism and forms of intelligence
Platonic theology. Vol. 4, Books 12-14
Commentary on Plato's Timaeus. Vol. 4, Book 3, part 2 ; Proclus on the world soul
Gorgias - Menon : selected papers from the Seventh Symposium Platonicum
Platonic ethics, old and new
Plato on love : Lysis, Symposium, Phaedrus, Alcibiades, with selections from Republic, Laws
Commentary and tradition : Aristotelianism, Platonism, and post-Hellenistic philosophy
Socratic wisdom : the model of knowledge in Plato's early dialogues
The rebirth of Platonic theology : proceedings of a conference held at The Harvard University Center for Italian Renaissance Studies (Villa I Tatti) and the Istituto Nazionale di Studi sul Rinascimento (Florence, 26-27 April 2007) : for Michael J.B. Allen
The theology of arithmetic : number symbolism in Platonism and early Christianity
Apuleius of Madauros, writing in the latter half of the second century CE in Roman North Africa, is best known to us today for his Latin fiction, the Metamorphoses aka The Golden Ass, about a man who turned into a donkey and back again. However, he was also a Platonic philosopher, who, even though many of his writings are lost, wrote a range of rhetorical and philosophical works which survive to this day. This book examines these works to reveal how Apuleius' Platonism is a result of his 'impersonation of philosophy', that is, a rhetorically powerful methodological tool that allows him to 'speak' on behalf of Plato and his philosophy. This book is the first exploration of the full scope of his idiosyncratic brand of Platonism across his multifarious literary corpus and is a major contribution to the study of the dynamic between literature and philosophy in antiquity and beyond.
The heirs of Plato : a study of the Old Academy (347-274 B.C.)
Platonism and anti-platonism in mathematics
The Platonic heritage : further studies in the history of Platonism and early Christianity
The revival of Platonism in Cicero's late philosophy : Platonis aemulus and the invention of Cicero
Apuleius was a respected philosophus Platonicus in Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages. Until the middle of last century, he attracted the attention of scholars as a so-called 'Middle Platonist' author. Then, with the rejection of the historical schema that he had been situated in (the so-called 'school of Gaius', which we will treat shortly), his 'brother Alcinous was the object of studies and (even harsh) criticisms, while almost nothing more was written about Apuleius by anyone. Studies of Middle Platonism primarily accentuated the liberty of the philosophers of the 1st and 2nd centuries AD, who interpreted the doctrines of Plato without constituting a specific school. Due to this new vision of Middle Platonism, Apuleius' role was difficult to define. It is not uncommon to find that Apuleius the philosopher is completely neglected. The literary character, and especially the 'rhetorical' nature of some of his works and of his personality have probably hurt his reputation in philosophy. These aspects of his personality have however been ever more accentuated in the last few decades within the development of studies on Second Sophistics. Consequently not only have there been few scholars to show interest for Apuleius' philosophical doctrines, but those few who have the opportunity to almost manage his philosophical doctrines usually disregard his literary works. In this way one cannot understand the most specific aspect of his philosophy, which consists in a sort of intermingling of philosophy and literature (a typical attitude of Greek and Latin culture of the 2nd century AD), and above all, of religion and Platonism. The dichotomy between philosophy and literature that was normal in the 19th and 20th centuries therefore still persists in the case of Apuleius. Claudio Moreschini attempted in some way to fill this gap in his 1978 study on Apuleio e il Platonismo. It was obviously in vain. Accordingly, in this book he would like to reflect on the possibility of a synthesis between these two aspects.
Greek and Roman philosophy 100 BC - 200 AD
The Platonic Theages : an introduction, commentary and critical edition
The Enneads
Studies in Plato and the Platonic tradition : essays presented to John Whittaker
Commentary on Plato's Timaeus / Volume 2, Proclus on the causes of the cosmos and its creation
Plato : political philosophy
The platonic method : an interpretation of the dramatic-philosophic aspects of the Meno
Beyond being : Gadamer's post-platonic hermeneutical ontology
On the semantics of time in Plato's Timaeus
Plotinus or the simplicity of vision
Clement of Alexandria and the beginnings of Christian apophaticism
Infinite power and plenitude: two traditions on the necessity of the eternal
Plato and platonism : a series of lectures
Knowing what to do : imagination, virtue, and Platonism in ethics
Cambridge Platonist spirituality
Plato and Platonism : Plato's conception of appearance and reality in ontology, epistemology, and ethics, and its modern echoes
The unknown God : negative theology in the Platonic tradition: Plato to Eriugena
From platonism to neoplatonism
The Blackwell guide to ancient philosophy
Hermetic roots of Marsilio Ficino’s anthropocentric thought
A story of the soul's journey in the Nag Hammadi library : a study of Authentikos Logos (NHC VI,3)
Jewish philosophy and western culture : a modern introduction
A platonic philosophy of religion : a process perspective
Lovesickness and gender in early modern English literature
Religion and philosophy in the Platonic and Neoplatonic traditions : from Antiquity to the early Medieval period
Platonic Stoicism, stoic Platonism : the dialogue between Platonism and Stoicism in antiquity
Forms in Plato's later dialogues
The midwife of Platonism : text and subtext in Plato's Theaetetus
Why beliefs matter : reflections on the nature of science
"Although it was influential for several hundred years after it first appeared, doubts about the authenticity of the Platonic Alcibiades I have unnecessarily impeded its interpretation ever since. It positions itself firmly within the Platonic and Socratic traditions, and should therefore be approached in the same way as most other Platonic dialogue. It paints a vivid portrait of a Socrates in his late thirties tackling the unrealistic ambitions of the youthful Alcibiades, urging him to come to know himself and to care for himself. François Renaud and Harold Tarrant re-examine the drama and philosophy of Alcibiades I with an eye on those interpreters who cherished it most. Modern scholars regularly play down one or more of the religious, erotic, philosophic or dramatic aspects of the dialogue, so ancient Platonist interpreters are given special consideration. This rich study will interest a wide range of readers in ancient philosophy"--
This book presents an up-to-date overview of the main new directions taken by ancient philosophy in the first century BC, a period in which the dominance exercised in the Hellenistic age by Stoicism, Epicureanism and Academic Scepticism gave way to a more diverse and experimental philosophical scene. Its development has been much less well understood, but here a strong international team of leading scholars of the subject reconstruct key features of the changed environment. They examine afresh the evidence for some of the central Greek thinkers of the period, as well as illuminating Cicero's engagement with Plato both as translator and in his own philosophising. The intensity of renewed study of Aristotle's Categories and Plato's Timaeus is an especially striking outcome of their discussions. The volume will be indispensable for scholars and students interested in the history of Platonism and Aristotelianism.
Isolated experiences : Gilles Deleuze and the solitudes of reversed Platonism
Plato and modern law
The contribution of socratic method and Plato's theory of truth to Plato scholarship
"Few works of philosophy have enjoyed the prestige of the Timaeus, the dialogue in which Plato set out to provide a rational account, cast in the form of a cosmological "myth," of the universe and humankind. Calcidius translated and commented on Plato's Timaeus. Chronology does little to explain Calcidius' work, which so falls outside the scope of any developmental account of "Middle-" and "Neoplatonism." Calcidius' identification of the Platonic Receptacle with Aristotelian Matter and his various Stoicising impulses reflect traditions that had altered ancient perspectives on the Timaeus, but it is difficult to ascertain the degree to which his philosophical points of reference are Numenius, Alcinous, and Apuleius in the second century CE as opposed to Plotinus, Porphyry, and Iamblichus in the third to fourth. This may have contributed to the later fascination with Calcidius, especially during the "renaissance" of the twelfth century, when his translation and commentary presented themselves as a coalescence of ideas frozen outside of time and space. From Calcidius twelfth-century readers may have learned how ancient opinions on the World Soul, Fate, and Matter lined up conceptually, but they got from him no reliable means of disentangling the historical descent or intersections of those opinions. Yet Calcidius proved to be a fundamental source of inspiration for thinkers such as Bernardus Silvestris, William of Conches, and Alan of Lille, who set out to make new sense of the world, its architecture, the forces that animate it, and our place within it."--Provided by publisher.
Death and immortality in late Neoplatonism : studies on the ancient commentaries on Plato's Phaedo
The many roots of medieval logic : the aristotelian and the non-aristotelian traditions
Theology and early modern philosophy (1550-1750)
