http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7313 Goths
Goths
The Visigoths in Gaul and Iberia : a supplemental bibliography, 1984-2003
Peregrinatio Gothica III : Fredrikstad, Norway, 1991
The Visigoths : studies in culture and society
The lost days
Contemporary gothic
A Gothic etymological dictionary : based on the third edition of Vergleichendes Wörterbuch der Gotischen Sprache by Sigmund Feist
Midnight caller
The Pontic-Danubian realm in the period of the Great Migration
Cassiodorus, Jordanes and the History of the Goths : studies in a migration myth
Encyclopedia Gothica
The Visigoths in Gaul and Iberia (update) : a supplemental bibliography, 2010-2012
The millennium between the breakup of the western Roman Empire and the Reformation was a long and hugely transformative period--one not easily chronicled within the scope of a few hundred pages. Yet distinguished historian Chris Wickham has taken up the challenge in this landmark book, and he succeeds in producing the most riveting account of medieval Europe in a generation. Tracking the entire sweep of the Middle Ages across Europe, Wickham focuses on important changes century by century, including such pivotal crises and moments as the fall of the western Roman Empire, Charlemagne's reforms, the feudal revolution, the challenge of heresy, the destruction of the Byzantine Empire, the rebuilding of late medieval states, and the appalling devastation of the Black Death. He provides illuminating vignettes that underscore how shifting social, economic, and political circumstances affected individual lives and international events. Wickham offers both a new conception of Europe's medieval period and a provocative revision of exactly how and why the Middle Ages matter.
The Gospel of Saint Mark in Gothic, according to the translation made by Wulfila in the fourth century
Gothic knits
Goth : the design, art and fashion of a dark subculture
Already dead
Pretty in punk : 25 punk, rock, and goth knitting projects
Gothic beauty magazine : Helsinki
Fangtastic!
Goth Chic : A connoisseur' s guide to dark culture
Contributions toward a history of Arabico-Gothic culture. Volume 4, Physiologus studies
What is goth?
Gothic connections : contacts between eastern Scandinavia and the southern Baltic coast 1000 BC - 500 AD
The astonishing career of Galla Placidia (c. 390-450) provides valuable reflections on the state of the Roman empire in the fifth century CE. In an age when emperors, like Galla's two brothers, Arcadius (395-408) and Honorius (395-423), and nephew, Theodosius II (408-450), hardly ever ventured beyond the fortified enclosure of their palaces, Galla spent years wandering across Italy, Gaul and Spain first as hostage in the camp of Alaric the Goth, and then as wife of Alaric's successor. In exile at the court of her nephew in Constantinople Galla observed how princesses wield power while vaunting piety. Restored to Italy on the swords of the eastern Roman army, Galla watched the coronation of her son, age six, as the emperor of the western Roman provinces. For a dozen years (425-437) she acted as regent, treading uneasily between rival senatorial factions, ambitious church prelates, and charismatic military leaders. This new biography of Galla is organized according to her changing roles as bride, widow, bereaved mother, queen and empress. It examines her relations with men in power, her achievements as a politician, her skills at establishing power bases and political alliances, and her efficiency at accomplishing her desired goals. Using all the available sources, documents, epigraphy, coinage and the visual arts, and Galla's own letters, Hagith Sivan reconstructs the turning points and highlights of Galla's odd progression from a bloodthirsty princess at Rome to a bride of a barbarian in Gaul, from a manipulative sister and wife of emperors at the imperial court at Ravenna to a beggar at the court of her relatives in Constantinople, and from a devious regent of the western Roman empire to a collaborator of popes in Rome.
Visigothic Spain 409-711
Gothic & Lolita bible. Vol. 1, Feb. 2008
Gothic art : vampires, witches, demons, dragons, werewolves & goths
A companion to Ostrogothic Italy
Creative business from the point of view of Goth subculture
Through the pale door : a guide to and through the American gothic
Gothic Lolita punk : a stunning showcase of the cutting-edge work from the best Gothic Lolita artists working today
A Companion to Ostrogothic Italy is a concise yet comprehensive cutting edge survey of the rise and fall of Italy's first barbarian kingdom, the Ostrogothic state (ca. 489-554 CE). The volume's 18 essays provide readers with probing syntheses of recent scholarship on key topics, from the Ostrogothic army and administration to religious diversity and ecclesiastical development, ethnicity, cultural achievements, urbanism, and the rural economy. Significantly, the volume also presents innovative studies of hitherto under-examined topics, including the Ostrogothic provinces beyond the Italian lands, gender and the Ostrogothic court, and Ostrogothic Italy's environmental history. Featuring work by an international panel of scholars, the volume is designed for both new students and specialists in the field.
Goth Girl and the fete worse than death
This book explores one of the central myths of Spain: the idea that Spanish culture arose from that of the Visigoths. It begins with a sketch of Visigothic history, then proceeds to explore attitudes towards the Goths and legends and myths that developed around them from late antiquity to the twentieth century; such ideas proved influential among those who saw the Goths as their spiritual, if not literal, ancestors. The focus is on the myth of the Goths as expressed in literature of a broadly historical nature; many authors have played a significant role in forming and shaping this myth, and thus in shaping the mentality of their contemporaries and descendants. The Gothic myth was of great use to the different monarchies that succeeded the Goths after the Arabic invasion of 711. Visigothic kings were adopted as models by one age after another, from the rudimentary kingdom of Asturias in the ninth century to the world-monarchy of Spain under the Catholic Kings and the Habsburgs. Over the centuries, adroit “improvements” on history and even outright fabrications influenced the creation of an idealized, epic past to which Spaniards look even today. This study of the evolution and persistence of the myth of Spain's Gothic roots is essential reading for scholars of Spanish history.
Japanese Goth
AD410 : the year that shook Rome
An introduction to the Gothic language
The power of antiquity : the Hyperborean research tradition in early modern Swedish research on national antiquity
Sievers' law in Gothic : a synchronic and diachronic analysis
Lingua e cultura dei Goti = Language and culture of the Goths
The politics of identity in Visigothic Spain : religion and power in the histories of Isidor of Seville
Gothic : dark glamour
The complete collection 1985-1989
Dystopia : fantasy art, fiction and the movies / Dave Golder ; foreword by Pat Mills
The Goths
The visigoths from the migration period to the seventh century : an ethnographic perspective
The Visigoths in Gaul and Iberia (update) : a supplemental bibliography, 2007-2009
Finnish Gothic subculture : Gothic subculture is: "(...) to enjoy the beauty of the moonlight instead of the beauty of the sun" (Mia)
Contributions toward a history of Arabico-Gothic culture. Volume 3, Tacitus' Germania & other forgeries
The manuscript tradition of Procopius' Gothic wars : a reconstruction of family y in the light of a hitherto unknown manuscript (Athos, Lavra H-73)
Piece of mind
Galla Placidia : the last Roman empress
The Visigoths in history and legend
Gothic rock : the ultimate collection
The power of antiquity:the Hyperborean research tradition in early modern Swedish research on national antiquity
The renaissance of the Goths in sixteenth-century Sweden : Johannes and Olaus Magnus as politicians and historians
Goth craft : the magical side of dark culture
Roman barbarians : the royal court and culture in the early Medieval West
Theodahad : a Platonic king at the collapse of Ostrogothic Italy
After subculture : critical studies in contemporary youth culture
Slain : back from hell : PS4
Draw Gothic
Whirlwind : the third magnificently secret diary of Martha Grimstone
How to draw and paint fantasy Architecture
Gothic art now : [the very best in contemporary gothic art and illustration]
This book explores one of the central myths of Spain: the idea that Spanish culture arose from that of the Visigoths. It begins with a sketch of Visigothic history, then proceeds to explore attitudes towards the Goths and legends and myths that developed around them from late antiquity to the twentieth century; such ideas proved influential among those who saw the Goths as their spiritual, if not literal, ancestors. The focus is on the myth of the Goths as expressed in literature of a broadly historical nature; many authors have played a significant role in forming and shaping this myth, and thus in shaping the mentality of their contemporaries and descendants. The Gothic myth was of great use to the different monarchies that succeeded the Goths after the Arabic invasion of 711. Visigothic kings were adopted as models by one age after another, from the rudimentary kingdom of Asturias in the ninth century to the world-monarchy of Spain under the Catholic Kings and the Habsburgs. Over the centuries, adroit “improvements” on history and even outright fabrications influenced the creation of an idealized, epic past to which Spaniards look even today. This study of the evolution and persistence of the myth of Spain’s Gothic roots is essential reading for scholars of Spanish history.
The peoples of Hermanaric Jordanes, Getica 116
How the barbarian innovations shaped the modern world : the vikings, vandals, huns, mongols, goths, and tartars who razed the old world and formed the new
Contributions toward a history of Arabico-Gothic culture. Volume 2
Rome's Gothic Wars from the third century to Alaric
The Goths in the fourth century
The Silver Bible : origins and history of the Codex argenteus
Contributions toward a history of Arabico-Gothic culture. Volume 1
Worldwide gothic : a chronicle of a tribe
The goth bible : a compendium for the darkly inclined
Bishops, councils, and consensus in the Visigothic Kingdom, 589-633
Goth chic : a connoisseur's guide to dark culture
The Ostrogoths : from the migration period to the sixth century : an ethnographic perspective
Paint it black : a guide to gothic homemaking
Gothic beauty magazine : Espoo
The Biology of horror : gothic literature and film
Burning oil
Goths and Romans, 332-489
Goth : vamps and dandies
People and identity in Ostrogothic Italy, 489-554
Goth's dark empire
Gothic jewelry : 35 scary projects to make, give, and wear
Goth : identity, style, and subculture
The Gothic language : grammar, genetic provenance and typology, readings
History of the Goths
Wulfila 311-2011 : international symposium : Uppsala University June 15-18, 2011
