http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7323 filtration
filtration filtering
Utilization of experimental design for planning pressure filtration test series
Synthesis and applications of macroscopic well-aligned multi-walled carbon nanotube films
The optimization of the alkaline cleaning step in a nanofiltration installation up-concentrating whey
Various methods to improve the filtration performance
The objective of this project was to enhance the enzyme yield and capacity of a filter press of the DuPont Hanko factory. The main problem with the filter press was thought to be the channeling of the washing water during displacement of the enzyme product from the filter cakes for a good yield. It was assumed that the washing water is channeled through the bottom part of the filter cakes, leaving the upper part unwashed. The filter cakes were studied in order to determine the displacement rate of the cakes. Samples were taken from the cakes after the washing and the enzyme activity was determined. The results suggested that the washing water displaced the upper part of the filter cakes and left the bottom part almost undisplaced. This was due to too low flow rates in filtration, which were then doubled in the further studies. The results suggested that an increased flow rate enhances the filter cake uniformity, the overall displacement rate and the yield. In addition, the time required for the filtration phase was halved. In order to achieve a uniform cake structure a new feed pump is required. If the cakes are equally thick in the bottom and top halves of the chambers, the washing water will allow equally efficient displacement in both the bottom and top part of the chamber.
Development of filter media treatments for liquid filtration
Treatment of oily wastewater by ultrafiltration : the effect of different operating and solution conditions
The use of halloysite for nutrient and moisture retention in soils
Filtration of microfibrillated materials
Transport of lignin-type compounds in the receiving waters of pulp mills
NoFS-13 : proceedings of the 13th Nordic Filtration Symposium : June 10-11, 2010, Lappeenranta University of Technology, Lappeenranta, Finland
Electrochemical characterisation of filter media properties and their exploitation in enhanced filtration
Ultrafiltration handbook
Green solutions for water and waste : science brought into action
Coffee filter paper
Fractionation of wood hydrolysate by ultrafiltration membranes at high temperature
"An abridgement of the reference work Water Treatment, 3rd Edition by the same team of authors, this  Student Edition maintains the same quality writing, illustrations, and worked examples as the larger book, but in a more manageable and inexpensive format. All topics are discussed from the ground up, from the basic fundamentals of water chemistry, to filtration, to the design of treatment trains. Designed specifically for civil or environmental engineering students, this edition includes end-of-chapter review questions, chapter summaries, a new glossary, and a solutions manual available online"--
Precipitation and separation of lignin from kraft black liquor
Modeling ultrafiltration and filtration phenomena applied in chemical pulping processes
Astronomical image and data analysis
Nanofiltration : principles and applications
Nanofiltration as a refining phase in surface water treatment
Handbook of non-woven filter media
Engineering the Enzyme
New techniques of whey processing
Filters and filtration handbook
Membrane development for oil contaminated water treatments
Characterisation of clean and fouled polymeric membrane materials
Choice of optimal membrane processes for economical treatment of paper machine clear filtrate
A-Z of filtration and related separations
Research on Image De-Noising Enhancement
Hybrid membrane processes in industrial water treatment:separation and recovery of inorganic compounds
Utilisation of magnetic field in membrane filtration
Comparison of Ultrafiltration and Size-Exclusion Chromatography Performances for Proteins Desalination
Manual of laboratory filtration
Water treatment membrane processes
Continuous-time active filter design
"I want to see what others have found interesting" : online social filtering of news and magazine articles
Optimization of precoat rotary vacuum drum filter turnaround time
Membrane technology in the chemical industry
Computationally efficient decimators, interpolators and narrow transition-band linear-phase finite impulse response (FIR) filters
Simulation of solid processes by Aspen Plus
As membrane technology becomes increasingly common in filtration processes, its problems have begun to emerge. The problems have long been solved by technical advances, module construction and process design. This thesis project was conducted at Genencor International Oy, Hanko plant, Finland with the assistance of the Cedar Rapids plant in Iowa, United States. The aim of this thesis was to optimize the cleaning-in-place (CIP) of a microfiltration unit. Genencor has been a part of DuPont since 2011. CIP has been a problem with the microfiltration unit at the Hanko plant, cleaning has not been efficient and the cleaning costs have risen. Fouling decreases the lifetime of the membranes, which have to be changed more often. The optimization was performed at pilot scale. Data was collected by testing to see how detergents would influence the cleaning. Enzymatic, caustic, acidic, surfactant and disinfection cleaning agents were used. The efficiency of cleaning was measured by clean water flux (CWF) and by monitoring the trans-membrane pressure (TMP) and retentate pump output. The best cleaning agents were Cleaning Agent A, Cleaning Agent B, and Cleaning Agent C and the best cleaning cycle was cleaning cycle 2. The Cleaning Agent A cleaned the surface of the membrane as the Cleaning Agent B and Cleaning Agent C cleaned the pores of the membrane. There is much more to test to conclusively optimize the CIP. More tests should be conducted on the optimization of the cleaning cycles. Ways other than chemical cleaning, such as prevention of fouling, should be studied and the optimization of the filtration process is an important part of CIP optimization.
Micellar-enhanced ultrafiltration for the removal of heavy metals from phosphorous-rich wastewaters:from end-of-pipe to clean technology
Online ultrasound measurements of membrane compaction
We applied gypsum (CaSO4×2 H2O) amendments to 100 m² plots within two clay-textured fields, one under shallow cultivation to 10 cm depth and the other ploughed to 20 cm depth. Unamended plots and plots subjected to a CaCO3 (finely ground limestone) application served as controls. Separate soil monoliths (30 cm in diameter, 40 cm in depth) were collected for laboratory rainfall simulations from all plots 7, 19 and 31 months after the initial application of the amendments. Water passed through the monoliths during these simulations was analysed for turbidity, dissolved and particulate phosphorus (DRP and PP), nitrogen species, dissolved organic carbon (DOC), as well as dissolved Ca²⁺, Mg²⁺, K⁺ and S, pH, and electrical conductivity (EC). Over the three-year monitoring period, gypsum amended soils exhibited substantial decreases in turbidity (45%), PP (70%), DRP (50%) and DOC (35%) relative to control samples. The effects gradually decreased with time, and after 31 months gypsum effects on P species were detectible, but no longer statistically significant. We consider gypsum amendments as a potential tool for slowing P loss from agricultural areas with high P loss potential.
Characteristics influencing protein fractionation by ultrafiltration
Chemical cleaning of CERAMEC® capillary filters
Rapid filtration as a supplementary treatment of domestic sewage
Treatment and characterisation of oily wastewaters
Environmental controls of terrestrial N2O sources
New Technology Revolutionizes Nickel Prosessing
Development of a ceramic membrane filtration equipment and its applicability for different wastewaters
Nanofiltration in hybrid processes - feasibility and applications
Membrane technology and applications
Principles of water treatment
Membrane systems for wastewater treatment
Boosting Profits in the Starch Business
Handbook of chemical engineering calculations
Our objective was to incorporate the effects of gypsum on phosphorus (P) losses into the field-scale ICECREAM model and to simulate the treatment of 93 ha of clayey soil with gypsum in a catchment located in southern Finland. In addition to the gypsum effects, a macropore flow description was added to ICECREAM. First, a sensitivity analysis was performed for the new macropore parameters, retrieved from a literature survey. After this, the model was calibrated for a reference period by setting of the macropore parameters to correspond to the P losses observed in the catchment experiment. Next, the effect of gypsum was added to the model in line with laboratory and field experiments that suggested decreased P losses and changed hydraulic properties of the soil. Finally, the modified model was verified for four seasons after the gypsum amendment in the catchment experiment. The model was able to simulate the P losses in three out of the four seasons. According to the simulations, gypsum reduced total P losses by 44%. Although the effect of gypsum on P and erosion is a complex process, our relatively simple modifications to the ICECREAM model described the impact with reasonable accuracy. However, to increase confidence in the performance of the model, it should be tested under other environmental conditions.
Planning of laboratory scale gray water recycling systems
Phosphorus and faecal bacteria in runoff from horse paddocks and their mitigation by the addition of P-sorbing materials
A prelimenary discussion concerning the use of a membrane bio-reactor for treating wastewater
Separation methods for waste and environmental applications
Essential soil physics : an introduction to soil processes, functions, structure and mechanics
Lubrication for industry
Improvement of the sizing accuracy of ceramic disc filters
Learning discriminative models from structured multi-sensor data for human context recognition
The influence of crystallization conditions on the filtration characteristics of sulphathiazole suspensions
Pressure filtration of mineral slurries : modelling and particle shape characterization
Charge-domain sampling of high-frequency signals with embedded filtering
Ultrafiltration of pulp mill bleaching effluents
Trace elements removal from hot flue gases
High-yield pulping of scots pine under strongly alkaline conditions
Solid-liquid filtration : a user's guide to minimizing cost and environmental impact; maximizing quality & productivity
Gypsum amendment of soils reduces phosphorus losses in an agricultural catchment
Investigation on the correlations between particle properties and filtration characteristics of different samples
Development of a system for the start-up of a nanofiltration process
Importance of charge in nanofiltration
Enhancement of ultrafiltration process by pretreatment in recovery of hemicelluloses from wood extracts
Environmentally friendly berry juice processing by membrane technologies
Optimization of cleaning-in-place of membrane filtration unit
Light and colour filters
Solids removal in pyrolysis
Retention and elimination of pathogenic bacteria perculating through biological filters : effects of physical, chemical and microbiological factors = Retensjon og eliminering av patogene bakterier perkulerende gjennom biologisk filter : effekten av fysiske, kjemiske og mikrobiologiske faktorer
Purified lignin for demanding applications
Performance of pilot scale slow sand filters using different local sands in Ethiopia
Modeling of non-isothermal vapor membrane separation with thermodynamic models and generalized mass transfer equations
The effects of gypsum on the transfer of phosphorus and other nutrients through clay soil monolithss
The growing popularity of horse keeping is accompanied by an increase of phosphorus (P) and faecal micro-organisms from outdoor paddocks. We used an indoor rainfall simulation to monitor  concentrations of dissolved reactive P (DRP) and faecal coliforms in runoff and percolation water from different paddock footings. Drainage water was also monitored from two paddocks constructed of woodchips. Sand retained more DRP (p<0.0001) and coliforms from percolation water than woodchips. Some of the footings were amended with P-sorbing materials, such as [Ca(OH)2], [Fe2(SO4)3], or Fe-gypsum, to retain DRP. High DRP concentrations (17-18 mg l-1) were observed in runoff from a woodchip footing amended earlier with Ca(OH)2 and in sand footing amended with CaCO3. However, application of Fe-gypsum to woodchips decreased the DRP load in percolation water by 83% compared to the footing without Fe-gypsum. Fe compounds were better than Ca compounds. The decrease in coliforms was usually small due to the modest pH changes in the water.
Industrial applications of textiles : textiles for filtration and coated fabrics
Beer filtration, stabilisation and sterilisation : manual of good practice
We estimated the changes in the losses of particulate and dissolved phosphorus (P) after treating 93 ha of agricultural  fields with gypsum (4 t ha -1) in a 245 ha catchment in southern Finland. Runoff was monitored using online  sensors and manual sampling during one high-flow period before and six periods after the gypsum amendment.  Turbidity recorded by the sensors correlated with particulate P analysed in the laboratory, which enabled  the evaluation of changes in particulate P from the online data. Using a covariance model, gypsum amendment  was estimated to have reduced the loss of particulate P by 64%. The loss of dissolved reactive P appeared to decrease  by one third, but was estimated with less precision. No such changes were found during the same period  in a nearby "reference" catchment, where gypsum was not used. Gypsum did not affect soil test values for P, K, Mg  or Ca, but it did increase the ionic strength and soil test SO₄. In clayey catchments discharging into the sea, gypsum  may provide an efficient means to reduce P losses from field cultivation. The duration of the gypsum effect and  impact of SO₄ associated with gypsum amendment on the ecology of rivers and lakes has yet to be determined.
Development of a nanofiltration process for flotation treated paper mill waste water = Nanosuodatusprosessin kehittäminen flotaatiokäsitellylle paperitehtaan jätevedelle
Bleeding and filtration of cement-based grout
Factors defining the capacity of pulp washers
Designing an open-source linux e-mail server
Modelling, simulation and optimisation of ultrafiltration and reverse osmosis processes
Biofiltration of oudorous waste gases
CO2 sparging for improving the filtration properties of iron ore slurries
Industrial filtration of liquids
Functionalized nanocelluloses and their use in barrier and membrane thin films
Opera Software "Discover" service : Research on Relevancy and Freshness of the Suggested Content and Ways to Improve It
Simulated effects of gypsum amendment on phosphorus losses from agricultural soils
Alumina membranes : colloidal processing and evolution of functional properties
Purification and fractionation by nanofiltration in dairy and sugar and sweetener industry applications
Ultrafiltration and reverse osmosis for the dairy industry
Digital signal filtering, analysis and restoration
High-pressure compression of filter cakes
Solid/liquid separation : principles of industrial filtration
Modern analog filter analysis and design : a practical approach
Technical analysis and treatment for oil sludge in petroleum refining plant
Introduction to industrial gas cleaning
Development of a recovery system for metals and acids from pickling baths using nanofiltration and crystallisation
Tracing activation efficiency of the bio-filtration bacteria in a recirculating aquaculture system using stable isotope analysis
Microbial growth in granular activated carbon (GAC) treated disinfected water
Gas bubbles in filtration
Critical flux and fouling in ultrafiltration of proteins
Chemical engineering. Volume 5, Solutions to the problems in chemical engineering : volume 2
Fouling management and retention in nanofiltration of integrated paper mill effluents
Whey proteins fractionation with membrane techniques
Improvement of filter press capacity and displacement rate
Microfiltration in cheese and whey processing
Handbook on particle separation processes
On robust variants of the LMS algorithm
Light weight aggregates and shellsand : filter materials for phosphorous sorption in small-scale wastewater treatment systems
Effect of physico-chemical conditions and operating parameters on flux and retention of different components in ultrafiltration and nanofiltration fractionation of sweet whey
Interactions between fibres, fines and fillers in papermaking : influence on dewatering and retention of pulp suspensions
Effects of aquatic humic substances on a hydrophobic ultrafiltration membrane
