http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7325 societal planning
societal planning
Education and national development : priorities, policies, and planning
Technology : a key factor for regional development
Planning for population change
Social development planning in socialism : an introduction
Planning and human need
Basic methods of policy analysis and planning
Bureaucracy and developmental policies in the Third World
Using mixed methods : frameworks for an integrated methodology
The uses and abuses of forecasting
Presents the first global assessment of slums, emphasizing their problems and prospects. This book presents estimates of the number of urban slum dwellers and examines the factors at all level, from local to global, that underlie the formation of slums as well as their social, spatial and economic characteristics and dynamics.
Planning theory and philosophy
Action for social change : a new facet of preventive peace-keeping : the case of UNPREDEP
The human consequences of urbanisation : divergent paths in the urban experience of the twentieth century
Hazards analysis : reducing the impact of disasters
On fragmentation and coherence in regional research
Swedish planning : in times of transition
Life spaces : gender, household, employment
Environmental planning : perception and behavior
Participatory mapping and geographical patterns of the social landscape values of rural communities in Zanzibar, Tanzania
Brazilian planning : development, politics and administration
The crises of the European regions
Building the public city : the politics, governance, and finance of public infrastructure
Social planning
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Environment and planning. C, Government and policy
Social development : theory & practice
A report of the Round Table Conference on Strategies and Direction for the Reconstruction of Liberia
Town and country planning law in Finland
The prospects for educational planning : a workshop organised by IIEP the occassion of its XXVth anniversary
Rule and order : Dutch planning doctrine in the twentieth century
Designing social systems in a changing world
Regional dynamics of socioeconomic change
What works in development? : thinking big and thinking small
Planning for equal opportunities in the cultural sector of society
Economic development and environmental control : balancing business and community in an age of NIMBYs and LULUs
National human settlements institutional arrangements : selected case studies
Territorial cohesion and the European model of society
Swedish planning : in times of diversity
Thought and action in social policy : social concerns for the 1980s
Soviet regional policy : a quantitative inquiry into the social and political development of the Sovjet republics
The future of planning
Embedded sustainability : the next big competitive advantage
Finland : monograph on the human settlements situation and related trends and policies
Development studies : critique and renewal
The business environment
The right to housing
Developing civil society : social order and the human factor
Governance, development, and social work
People attach commonly approved social values subjectively to landscape. These values vary spatially and can be studied in geographical context. In sustainable management of cultural landscapes, social values should be taken into account as professionally as the analysis of physical landscape features. This case study applies participatory and GIS techniques in the mapping and geographical analysis of social landscape values in a multifunctional cultural landscape in Zanzibar island, Tanzania. Social landscape data were collected with single-informant interviews using participatory GIS (PGIS) techniques. Four different social landscape values (subsistence, traditional, aesthetic and leisure) were mapped on an orthophotoimage individually by 149 informants. Data were spatially and statistically analysed to construct understanding of the community level patterns of the social landscape values. Results show geographical differences between individually and collectively held values in their distribution and clustering across the landscape. These patterns reflect local culture and its interpretation of different social landscape values. Results address the importance of local stakeholder participation when spatial planning and management of multifunctional cultural landscapes are realized. The paper discusses these management implication and methodological challenges of using participatory GIS techniques in studying cultural landscapes.
Policy transfer in global perspective
The politics of regulatory change : a tale of two agencies
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
Communicate or calculate : planning theory and social science concepts in a contingency perspective
Transition, institutions, and the rural sector
Planning for sustainable development : country experiences
Enhancing the usability and availability of information infrastructure essential for securing the vital functions of society : final report
Joint management and joint planning
Planning and management of educational development : Mexico City, 26-30 March 1990 : documents of the international congress : final report
Planning and budgeting in poor countries
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. [3], [Yhteiskunta, kulttuuri, elinolot]
Infrastructure planning
The challenge of slums : global report on human settlements 2003
Nature, man, architecture : a study of the structure and measurement of man's relation to nature in the garden and dwelling-house of Japan and the Mediterranean countries
Public policy analysis : an introduction
Agendas, alternatives, and public policies
Planning for a modern society : the planning of Greenland since 1950
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Multicriteria evaluation in physical planning
The national planning policy framework and archaeology
National planning in Finland
Greening the city : urban landscapes in the twentieth century
Building community : social science in action
Spaces of neoliberalism : urban restructuring in North America and Western Europe
Conclusion (s. 278-209).
Analysis for public decisions
Educational planning in Asia
Making better places : the planning project in the twenty-first century
Gray world, green heart : technology, nature, and the sustainable landscape
Analyses of historical and future problems of sustainable development : research articles in spatial sustainability analysis, planning and evaluation
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
The Pohja case : a Finnish municipality in transition
Regional factors in national planning and development
Man and society in an age of reconstruction : Studies in modern social structure. With a bibliographical guide to the study of modern society
Studies in Indian planning and economic policy
Evaluating the success of urban regeneration : looking beoynd the economic success and socio-cultural impacts
Development planning : the Indian experience
Searching for the human factor : psychology, power and ideology in Hungary during the early Kádár period
Environment and planning. A.
Policy analysis : concepts and practice
From dreams to disillusionment : economic and social planning in 1960s Britain
Cultural planning : an urban renaissance?
Do socialist economies work? : the Soviet and East European experience
The revival of strategic spatial planning
How to use cost benefit analysis in project appraisal
Planning now a part of our life : presidential statement to the National Planning Council, Carthage Palace, 17th March 1969
Social policy for social change
Architects as urban planners in the 1950s and 1960s : what did we inherit?
The university and the community : the problems of changing relationships
Design for policy
Models of reality : shaping thought and action
Development problems in the Soviet Far North
LEAP dialogues : career pathways in design for social innovation
Technological planning and social futures
Yli kaksi vuosikymmentä yhdyskuntasuunnittelua : Olli Kivisen suunnitelmia = Över två årtionden av samhällsplanering : Olli Kivinens projekt = More than twenty years of community planning
Summary of the discussions (s. 5-10).
Resilient participation : saving the human project?
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
The making of the European spatial development perspectice : no masterplan
Planning theory
English summary: A second Swedish modernism?.
Community development journal : an international forum
Human rights aspects of population programmes with special reference to human rights law
Reshaping regional planning : a Northern perspective
Sustainability strategies : when does it pay to be green?
Can the Soviet Union ensure the fulfilment of sustainable development of the Arctic in future?
Collaborative regional development in Northeast Asia : towards a sustainable regional and sub-regional future
Planning, concentration of power and development of democratic control
Centrally planned change : a reexamination of theory and experience
The sustainable urban development reader
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Social planning : a strategy for socialist welfare
Educational planning
Community structure and analysis
Urban regeneration in the UK
Retracking America : a theory of transactive planning
The social dimensions of development : social policy and planning in the Third World
Social choice with partial knowledge of treatment response
Planning law in Western Europe
Planning for a better urban living environment in Asia
A reader planning theory
A planners guide to the European Community
Policy analysis : perspectives, concepts, and methods
The British planning system : an introduction
Planning and politics in Western Europe
Sustainable lifestyles : strengthening the global dimension to Local Agenda 21 : a guide to good practice
Modernism and rationalization
Communicative planning theory
Multidimensional spatial data and decision analysis
Future of Value : how sustainability creates value through competitive differentiation
Journal of the American Planning Association
Geography and planning
The integrated approach to rural development health and population
