http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7320 individuality
individuality
Indoctrination, communicative teaching and recognition : studies in critical theory and democracy in education
The individual in prehistory : studies of variability in style in prehistoric technologies
Marx and the new individual
Analysis, repair and indivituation
Valuable selves : potentiality and temporality in work-related coaching
Habits of the heart : individualism and commitment in American life
What customers really want
On being authentic
New medical treatments opportunities to improve care when adherence to treatment can be improved
Self consciousness : an alternative anthropology of identity
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 10, Sociocultural and individual differences
Plato's individuals
The fear of freedom
Planning for individual needs in early childhood services
Personality traits in the blue tit
The presentation of self in everyday life / Ervin Goffman
At the stroke of noon : Anita Brookner's A Misalliance as a novel of mid-life rebirth and transformation
Dealing with differences : taking action on class, race, gender, and disability
APA handbook of personality and social psychology. Vol. 4, Personality processes and individual differences
The psychology of individual differences. Vol. 2, Personality
The five-factor model of personality : theoretical perspectives
All Bear wants is to spend a pleasant day alone, but Duck really wants to hang out.
The differentiated classroom : responding to the needs of all learners
Staged - a stage to dwell
Individual differences in metacognitive control processes and reasoning performance
Individuality and development in children's spontaneous tempo and synchronization
Unoriginal genius : poetry by other means in the new century
The fear of insignificance : searching for meaning in the twenty-first century
Aligning individual and organizational goals
Individuation and the shaping of personal identity : a comparative study of the modern novel
Designs of selfhood
Alex and Lulu : two of a kind
Post-merger organizational identification as a discursive phenomenon
The Medieval fold : power, epression, and the mergence of the individual
Unique minds : the theory of multiple intelligences and its effects on English language learning
Technologies of the self : a seminar with Michel Foucault
A guide to student-central learning
Someone, no one : an essay on individuality
Doctoral studies in global time and change - female doctoral student and individual lifecourse in Finland
"Reading a wide range of Early Modern authors and exploring their political, philosophical and scientific contexts, this book charts the movement away from reliance on collective experience, and the construction of the individual as the locus of authentic perception, thought and feeling, which occurs between the fourteenth and early eighteenth centuries. According to Nick Davis, much English writing of the period takes part in this development, examining it, resisting it, and advancing it in several forms. Among the writers discussed are Chaucer, Langland, Thomas More, Spenser, Nashe, Jonson, Middleton, the Shakespeare of the Henry IV - Henry V plays and The Winter's Tale, Hobbes, Bunyan, Defoe and Pope. From there, the book goes on to explore the legacy of Early Modern writing in our contemporary constructions of private experience"--
The most significant European poet of the second half of the twentieth century, Paul Celan, viewed poetry as 'the language of an individual that has become form', an individual that is constructed through the act of observation in the poem. In "Poetry as Individuality: The Discourse of Observation in Paul Celan" Derek Hillard argues that individuality is the crux of poetry for Celan because the Holocaust effectively eviscerated the individual. Hillard investigates the core figures of individuality in Celan's poetry and prose: semblance, madness, and the wound. Celan's enigmatic poetry of a depopulated textual universe has perplexed critics. The book argues that the poetry's figures have a common source - the discourse of observation from the fields of appearance, perception, and the mind.
Consuming desires of Vietnamese students : globalizing culture in Ho Chi Minh City
Individual differences and personality
Reaching the diversity of users' understandings : methodological renewal
Predicting and monitoring individual endurance training adaptation and individualizing training prescription : with endurance performance, cardiac autonomic regulation and neuromuscular performance
The psychology of individual differences. Volume 4 : Clinical and applied research
Learning and individual differences : advances in theory and research
The psychology of individual differences. Volume 3 : Cognition, emotiona and conation
A guide to student-centred learning
The school of tomorrow centred on pupils
Early modern writing and the privatization of experience
The littlest dinosaur
Personality and organization : the conflict between system and the individual
Tourism and well-being in the future : case Peurunka
Why don't Meyers-Briggs personality tests really work? Why are HR tests for new employees often meaningless? Why doesn't BMI - body mass index - correlate to actual health or physical fitness?  Individuals behave, learn, and develop in different ways, but these unique patterns of human behavior get lost in massive systems that play to average performance and average abilities, instead of individual performance and abilities. These systems made sense almost two centuries ago at the dawn of the Industrial Revolution, but in today's globalized digital world they are outdated and inadequate. Yet, every single one of us is affected by these archaic systems. They are far more prevalent that you can imagine, and far more insidious: standardized tests, academic grading systems, job applicant profiling, job performance reviews, job training, even medical treatments. These systems ignore our differences and ultimately fail at measuring and maximizing our potential.   As the first popular book on the science of the individual, The End of Average draws upon the very latest findings in the fields of psychology and sociology to show how, when we focus on individual findings rather than group averages, we are empowered to rethink the world and our place in it.
The psychology of individual differences. Volume 1 : Intelligence
The psychology of individual differences. Vol. 1, Intelligence
Towards an integrative information society : studies on individuality in speech and sign
"Drawing on Arabic, English, French, Irish, Latin, and Spanish sources, these essays share a focus on the body's productive capacity--whether expressed through the flesh's materiality, or through its role in performing meaning. The collection is divided into four clusters: 'Foundations' traces the use of physical remnants of the body in the form of relics or memorial monuments that replicate the form of the body as foundational in communal structures; 'Performing the Body' focuses on the ways in which the individual body functions as the medium through which the social body is maintained; 'Bodily Rhetoric' explores the poetic linkage of body and meaning; and 'Material Bodies' engages with the processes of corporeal being, ranging from the energetic flow of humoural liquids to the decay of the flesh. Together, the essays provide new perspectives on the centrality of the medieval body and underscore the vitality of this rich field of study."--Dust jacket.
I love you already!
The inequality of man
Individuality and modernity in Berlin : self and society from Weimar to the Wall
Individuals : an essay in descriptive metaphysics
The anatomy of self : the individual versus society
Introduction to the problem of individuation in the early Middle Ages
When ego was imago : signs of identity in the Middle Ages
Purposeful co-teaching : real cases and effective strategies
The presentation of self in everyday life
Personality psychology : the science of individuality
Patterns of life history : the ecology of human individuality
Differentiated assessment : how to assess the learning potential of every student
Classical individualism : the supreme importance of each human being
The end of average : how we succeed in a world that values sameness
"Who am I?" "How do I fit in the world around me?" This revealing and innovative book demonstrates that each of us discovers what is true and meaningful, in our lives and in ourselves, through the creation of personal myths. Challenging the traditional view that our personalities are formed by fixed, unchanging characteristics, or by predictable stages through which every individual travels, The Stories We Live By persuasively argues that we are the stories we tell. Informed by extensive scientific research--yet highly readable, engaging, and accessible--the book explores how understanding and revising our personal stories can open up new possibilities for our lives.
On the importance of being an individual in Renaissance Italy : men, their professions, and their beards
Living in style : inspiration and advide for everyday glamour
Religion and identity in post-conflict societies
Family versus individual in the novels of Eudora Welty
Beyond individual and group differences : human individuality, scientific psychology, and William Stern's critical personalism
Personality in search of individuality
A living philosophy of education
Personality and individual differences
Life together : family, sexuality and community in the New Testament today
Caudillism and militarism in Venezuela, 1810-1910
Human characteristics and school learning
Marx and singularity : from the early writings to the Grundrisse
Becoming valuable selves : self-promotion, gender and individuality in late capitalism
Georg Simmel : on individuality and social forms : selected writings
Motifs : the transformative creation of self
Persons - their identity and individuation
Early socialisation : sociability and attachment
"Twins Talk is an ethnographic study of identical twins in the United States, a study unique in that it considers what twins have to say about themselves, instead of what researchers have written about them. It presents, in the first person, the grounded and practical experiences of twins as they engage, both individually and together, the "who am I" and "who are we" questions of life. Here, the twins themselves are the stars. Dona Lee Davis conducted conversational interviews with twenty-two sets of identical twins attending the Twins Days Festival in Twinsburg, Ohio, the largest such gathering in the world. Lively and often opinionated, each twin comes through as a whole person who at the same time maintains a special bond that the vast majority of people will never experience. The study provides a distinctive and enlightening insider's challenge to the nature/nurture debates that dominate contemporary research on twins. The author, herself an identical twin, draws on aspects of her own life to inform her analysis of the data throughout the text. Each chapter addresses a different theme from multiple viewpoints, including those of popular science writers, scientific researchers, and singletons, as well as those of the twins themselves"--
Language development and individual differences : a study of auxiliary verb learning
The psychology of individual differences. Volume 2 : Personality
Uniqueness : the human pursuit of difference
The compatibility gene
Conflicting agendas : personal morality in institutional settings
Private versus collective attitudes
Teaching young children through their individual learning styles : practical approaches for grades K-2
The Emocode
Ready, steady, jump!
The arc of ambition : defining the leadership journey
Individualisation at work : the self between freedom and social pathologies
The pearl of Africa : effects of poverty in implementation of the principles of nursing care
Transcendent individual : towards a literary and liberal anthropology
Health psychology
Types of men : the psychology and ethics of personality
Human nature and the social order
The ends of the body : identity and community in medieval culture
Possibility, agency and individuality in Leibniz's metaphysics
Innocent, yet ambitious : childhood in 19th century America as depicted in Louisa May Alcott's Little Women series
The Hueys in the new jumper
Self-speaking in medieval and early modern English drama : subjectivity, discourse and the stage
"A comprehensive assessment system for working with underperforming students This book describes a comprehensive assessment system especially appropriate for multilingual and "differentiated" classrooms with large numbers of underperforming students. Drawing from Multiple Intelligences theory, the approach is specifically aimed at helping teachers understand how each student learns and how best to tailor instruction to serve individual students' needs. Although the program makes use of conventional standardized tests and disability screenings, it places special importance on two approaches in particular: Student Portfolio Assessments and Personalized Learning Profiles. Provides detailed guidance and practical tools (including a DVD) for implementing successful portfolio and "profile" practices in the classroom. Includes real-world examples of model assessment programs from five schools. Explains how to integrate assessment into the instructional process as well as how the portfolio program can be used. Formal profiles provide vital information about each student's cultural background, interests, strengths, and capabilities as well as their individual learning and language needs."--
Style & simplicity : an A to Z guide to living more beautiful life
Identity : dress codes in European schools : London, Paris, Berlin, Barcelona, Milan, January 2004 - April 2006
Pathways to individuality : evolution and development of personality traits
Identity politics : lesbian feminism and the limits of community
Systemic therapy with individuals
The effect of emotions in tennis performance case study
Seeing double : shared identities in physics, philosophy, and literature
Space and self in early modern European cultures
Religion and the self in antiquity
The self-system : developmental changes between and within self-concepts
The stories we live by : personal myths and the making of the self
International perspectives on individual differences.. Vol. 1
International perspectives on individual differences.. Vol. 2
A room with a differentiated view : how to serve all children as individual learners
The we-mode and the I-mode
Essays on non-conventional community
No two alike : human nature and human individuality
The informed heart : autonomy in a mass age
Moral tradition and individuality
Mindwaves : thoughts on intelligence, identity and consciousness
Levels of personality
Co-teaching in the differentiated classroom : successful collaboration, lesson design, and classroom management : grades 5-12
Poetry as individuality : the discourse of observation in Paul Celan
The emotional life of your brain : how its unique patterns affect the way you think, feel and live : and how you can change them
Children's thinking : cognitive development and individual differences
Maladjusted schooling : deviance, social control and individuality in secondary schooling
SIDE issues centre stage : recent developments in studies of de-individuation in groups
Conceptualising mobility
Handbook of response to intervention : the science and practice of assessment and intervention
Teach me dreams : the search for self in the revolutionary era
Anthropology and the individual : a material culture perspective
For a New Liberty
Democratic individuality
Theory of personality and individual differences : factors, systems and processes
"Moritz Föllmer traces the history of individuality in Berlin from the late 1920s to the construction of the Berlin Wall in August 1961. The demand to be recognised as an individual was central to metropolitan society, as were the spectres of risk, isolation and loss of agency. This was true under all five regimes of the period, through economic depression, war, occupation and reconstruction. The quest for individuality could put democracy under pressure, as in the Weimar years, and could be satisfied by a dictatorship, as was the case in the Third Reich. It was only in the course of the 1950s, when liberal democracy was able to offer superior opportunities for consumerism, that individuality finally claimed the mantle. Individuality and Modernity in Berlin proposes a fresh perspective on twentieth-century Berlin that will engage readers with an interest in the German metropolis as well as European urban history more broadly"--
Learning and individual differences : process, trait, and content determinants
Abstract: Nursing staff's experiences for implementations of primary nursing in the operative units of the Central Finland central hospital.
Indivual differences in movement
Twins talk : what twins tell us about person, self, and society
APA educational psychology handbook. Volume 2, Individual differences and cultural and contextual factors
Is timing everything? : a longitudinal perspective on adult transitions, their antecedents, and psychological implications
