http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7327 trade agreements
trade agreements
Carriage of goods by sea
Case studies in Japanese negotiating behavior
Free trade areas in the Arab region : where do we go from here?
The effect of Russia’s accession to the WTO on Russian trade
The Tokyo round of multilateral trade negotiations. 2, Supplementary report
The law and organisation of international commodity agreements
International trade disputes and EU liability
Extending European cooperation : the European Union and the 'new' international trade agenda
Transnational commercial law : international instruments and commentary
Trade, competition and productivity
Association of the Overseas Countries and Territories, French Overseas Departments : compilation of texts ..., 1 January ... - 31 December ..
Atiyah and Adams' sale of goods
The portable UCC
Investing in protection : the politics of preferential trade agreements between North and South
Economic analysis for international trade negotiations : the WTO and agricultural trade
Quo Vadis CISG? : celebrating the 25th Anniversary of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
Law and practice of regional trade agreements under the enabling clause
Decreasing work caused by supplier related non-conformities : Case KONE Industrial Ltd
The Tokyo round of multilateral trade negotiations
Regionalism and the world trading system
Finland's trade policy and trade policy agreements
Building trade partnerships in Eastern Europe, the Caucasus and Central Asia
The TTIP, ISDS and the shift towards transparency in investor-state arbitration
Foreign access to government procurement in Japan
The rules and principles of interpretation of international commercial contracts in the light of Article 8 of the CISG : with an Finnish abstract
Article 77 of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
European Union law for international business : an introduction
International contract manual : contract checklists
International contracting : law and practice
China trade law : code of the foreign trade law of the People's Republic of China = Code du droit du commerce extérieur de la République populaire de Chine
Russia getting closer to WTO membership : what are the  practical implications?
Special and differential treatment under the WTO Agreement on Agriculture
Rules of contract law : selections from the Uniform commercial code, the CISG,  the Restatement (second) of contracts, and the UNIDROIT Principles with material on contract drafting and sample examination questions and answers
Votes, vetoes, and the political economy of international trade agreements
Prohibiting restrictions on trade within the EEC : the theory and application of articles 30-36 of the EEC treaty = Het verbod van handelsbelemmeringen in de EEG : theorie en praktijk inzake de toepassing van de artikelen 30-36 van het EEG-Verdrag
Special and Differential Treatment under the WTO Agreement on Agriculture
ICC Model Mergers & Acquisitions Contract : I-Share Purchase Agreement
Analysis of the Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Preferential trade agreements in Asia : alternative scenarios of "hub and spoke"
The economics of bargaining
Kauppa-agentuuri : opas sopimusten laatimiseksi eri maista olevien osapuolten kesken = Commercial agency : guide for the drawing up of contracts between parties residing in different countries
European Communities : 1993. Vol. 2, Concluding Remarks by the Chairman of the Council : Report by the Commission of the European Communities : Minutes of the Council Meeting
International trade agreements, environmental policy, and relocation of production
CISG and unification of international trade law
International jurisdiction and commercial litigation : uniform rules for contract disputes
Law of electronic commercial transactions : contemporary issues in the EU, US and China
Abstract: Regionalism vs. Multilateralism : An overview of the effects of Regionalism. The Purpose of this dissertation was to first find the motives behind and causes for regionalism and to explore the advantages and disadvantages of the phenomenon. Secondly, the intension was to determine the benefits of a possible bilateral FTA between Australia and China and whether a bilateral trade agreement would be more beneficial for the Australian economy than waiting for a multilateral WTO regulated framework. The research was conducted through an extensive literature review. The first part of the research focused on international trade, history of RTAs and the motives behind  regionalism. The research also focused on the traditional "stepping stone" versus "Stumbling Block" debate. The second part focused on Australian economy, trade policies and trade relations between Australia and China. The final part of the research explored the possible Australia – China FTA and on the benefits and limitation of the agreement on the Australian economy. The Study found that there is a pattern in the formation of RTAs and that regionalism is largely a response to globalisation. The research also suggested that although regionalism in certain cases may hinder trade and the formation of a multilateral framework, in general it is trade creating. In addition, a correlation between China's growth and Australia's economic welfare could be detected and the benefits from a bilateral FTA were found to outweigh the disadvantage of one and therefore also be more beneficial  than waiting for a multilateral framework. There are always limitations when a study is carried out using secondary sources. The lack of an empirical study, the limited amount of quantitative research present and the vast amount on prior research in the topic are great limitations. Although an extensive amount of studies have been conducted on regionalism, it is still possible to research and find new  perspectives because regionalism as a phenomenon is multifaceted.
Commercial law and practice
WTO trade instruments in EU law : commercial policy instruments: dumping, subsidies, safeguards, public procurement
Addressing marketing and processing constraints that inhibit agrifood exports : a guide for policy analysts and planners
Commercial arbitration with forms
Reshaping the world trading system : a history of the Uruguay Round
International contracts : the UNIDROIT principles as an alternative to clauses on governing law
An international restatement of contract law : the UNIDROIT principles of international commercial contracts. by Michael Joachim Bonell
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
The law of business contracts in the Arab Middle East : a theoretical and practical comparative analysis (with particular reference to modern legislation)
The Uruguay round and agriculture in Southern Africa : implications and policy responses : proceedings of an FAO/SADC workshop, Harare, Zimbabwe, 21-23 January 1997
Danish business law
Understanding the CISG in Europe : a compact guide to the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
The political economy of the world trading system : the WTO and beyond
The interpretation of contracts
Autonomous interpretation and interpretive methodology under the CISG
Danelaws on contracts : principles, practices and law today
Review of the Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) 2000-2001
International trade law
Agricultural trade policies in the new millennium
The Ashgate research companion to international trade policy
The sovereign remedy? : trade agreements in a globalizing world
Essays on current account imbalances
The UNIDROIT Principles 2004 : their impact on contractual practice, jurisprudence and codification ; reports of the ISDC Colloquium (8/9 June 2006)
The evolving structure of world agricultural trade : implications for trade policy and trade agreements
Drafting and negotiating commercial contracts
The North American free trade agreement NAFTA : after eight years and the neoliberal political economy
The WTO regime on government procurement : challenge and reform
The WTO and accession countries. Volume 2
Business persons : a legal theory of the firm
The ICC Short Form Model Contracts : International Commercial Agency : International Distributorship
Participation screen for collusion in auctions
Trading voices : the European Union in international commercial negotiations
Regionalism vs. Multilateralism  : An overview of the effects of Regionalism
The WTO and accession countries. Volume 1
Understanding negotiable instruments and payment systems
Human rights  and world trade agreements : using general exception clauses to protect human rights
West's legal forms. 15, Commercial transactions : secured transactions, letters of credit, sections 57.4 to end, tables and index
A comparative study on the protection and regulation of trade secrets
Doing business 2016 : measuring regulatory quality and efficiency : comparing business regulation for domestic firms in 189 economies : a World Bank Group flagship report
Convention establishing the European Free Trade Association ; Convention instituant l  ̀association europeenne de libre-echange
Enforcement of WTO law
The sale of goods
European Communities : 1993. Vol. 1, Report by the Secretariat
Conservation of exhaustible natural resources under GATT article XX (g) in light of dispute settlement practice
Finland's agreements with EEC and Comecon
Law of international contracting
Interpreting CISG Article 79 (1): Economic Impediment and the Reasonability Requirement
Sanctity of contracts revisited : a study in the theory and practice of long-term international commercial transactions
The political economy of international trade law : essays in honour of Robert E. Hudec
International investment instruments : a compendium. Vol. 12
Regionalism vs. multilateralism : an overview of the effects of regionalism
Foreign direct investment in developing Asia : trends, effects and likely issues for the forthcoming WTO negotiations
Exporting and the export contract
Data exclusivity in the European free trade agreements and access to medicine in the developing countries
Doing Business 2016 is the 13th publication in a series of annual reports comparing business regulation in 189 economies. This year the publication addresses regulations affecting 11 areas of everyday business activity including: Starting a business Dealing with construction permits Getting electricity Registering property Getting credit Protecting minority investors Paying taxes Trading across borders Enforcing contracts Resolving insolvency Labor market regulations Doing Business 2016 updates all indicators as of June 1, 2015, ranks economies on their overall ease of doing business, and analyzes reforms to business regulation identifying which economies are strengthening their business environment the most. This report illustrates how reforms in business regulations are being used to analyze economic outcomes for domestic entrepreneurs and for the wider economy. It is a flagship product produced by the World Bank Group that garners worldwide attention on regulatory barriers to entrepreneurship. More than 60 economies have used the Doing Business indicators to shape reform agendas and monitor improvements on the ground. In addition, the Doing Business data has generated over 2,000 articles in peer-reviewed academic journals since its inception.
The European Union's preferential trade agreements : performing an Origin Status Assessment
Drafting commercial agreements
World Trade Organisation and trade-creep in Health and Social policies
Drafting and negotiating international commercial contracts : a practical guide
Access to Finnish law
West's legal forms. 14, Commercial transactions : documents of title, secured transactions, sections 38.1 to 57.3
Business law. 2
The ultimate escape from legal obligations? : the national security exception in the WTO agreements
The alphabet soup of transborder intellectual property enforcement
Assessing regional trading arrangements in the Asia-Pacific
"Originally an important but relatively obscure plurilateral instrument, the WTO Agreement on Government Procurement (GPA) is now becoming a pillar of the WTO system as a result of important developments since the Uruguay Round. This collection examines the issues and challenges that this raises for the GPA, as well as future prospects for addressing government procurement at a multilateral level. Coverage includes issues relating to pending accessions to the GPA, particularly those of developing countries with a large state sector such as China; the revised (provisionally agreed) GPA text of 2006, including provisions on electronic procurement and Special and Differential Treatment for Developing Countries; and procurement provisions in regional trade agreements and their significance for the multilateral system. Attention is also given to emerging issues, especially those concerning environmental, social and SME policy; competition law; and the implications of the recent economic crisis".
Trade negotiations in the OECD : structures, institutions and states
Regional trade agreements and developing countries : the case of the Pacific Islands' proposed free trade agreement
Your heart is a muscle the size of a fist
The law of subsidies under the GATT/WTO system
Termination of contracts
EU bilateral trade agreements and intellectual property: for better or worse?
Regional trade agreements : law, policy and practice
Regional trade agreements under World Trade Organization law
Judicial obstacles to product-oriented environmental protection measures posed by international trade rules
Hardship and its impact on contractual obligations : a comparative analysis
West's legal forms. 12, Commercial transactions : sale of goods, sections 1.1 to 17
Article 74 of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
Issues in the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership : A critical discourse analysis
The world economy : global trade policy 2010
The ICC Model International Sale Contract : Manufactured goods intended for resale
Challenge of World Trading System : Regional Preferential Trade Agreements
Act on law applicable to sale of goods of international character & Act on law applicable to contracts of international character (including the Act of 27 May 1988 on the amendement of the employment contracts act) : translations of Finnish legislation
Incoterms 1990 : [English (original text), German (translation)]
The North American Free Trade Agreement NAFTA : after eight years, and the neoliberal political economy
The draft Uncitral digest and beyond : cases, analysis and unresolved issues in the U.N. sales convention : papers of the Pittsburgh conference organized by the Center for International Legal Education (CILE)
Exclusive dealing agreements in the E.E.C. : regulation 67/67 replaced
Environmental assessment of trade agreements and policy
Uniform laws annotated : [master edition]. [Vol. 3], Uniform commercial code : §§ 9-101 to end, with annotations from State and Federal Courts
The rights and duties of neutrals : a general history
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 4-100, Contract : commercial customary law
The responsibilities and rights of both buyer and seller in international trade concerning the conformity of the goods and additional contractual requirements
Association of the overseas countries and territories, French overseas departments : compilation of texts XVII, 1 January 1993 to 31 December 1993.
The international trading system
The relationship between community law and national law in the EC and in the Andean community
Understanding the CISG in Scandinavia : a complete guide to the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
Uniform laws annotated : [master edition]. Vol. 4, Uniform commercial code, forms and materials; with authors' comments following individual forms : Articles 1 to 7
The new World Trade Organization agreements : globalizing law through services and intellectual property
Trade liberalisation policies in Mexico
The so-called control liability under the Vienna International Sales Convention 1980 and its background in some national legal systems
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 4-B, Contract : commercial customary law
Legal aspects of transnational marketing and sales contracts
Contract and commercial management : the operational guide
Russia has cleared an important hurdle in its path to membership of the World Trade Organization (WTO), the signing of the bilateral agreement with the United States.It will still take some months at minimum to finalize Russian membership, and even longer for the effects of membership to be realized.Russia's progress in the WTO negotiations is an important positive sign for international actors of the country's willingness to further integrate with the global economy.Russia has committed to lowering its average import tariff on agricultural and industrial goods by 3 percentage points, but with transition periods.Russia will also liberalize its service sector, but still reserve the right to some restrictions.It is widely believed that WTO membership will have a positive impact on Russia's economic development by enhancing competition and efficiency in the economy and by increasing foreign direct investment (FDI) flows to Russia.Some fears have also been expressed on the ability of domestic companies to survive with the growing competitive pressure.The consequences of future membership will not, however, be dramatic or instantaneous. Keywords: Russia, WTO, trade policy .
Uniform laws annotated : [master edition]. Vol. 5, Uniform commercial code, forms and materials; with authors' comments following individual forms : Articles 8 to 9
Lomé conventions, agriculture and trade relations between the EU and the ACP countries in 1975-2000
Trade negotiations and international agriculture
China's growing role in world trade
International conflict of laws for the third millennium : essays in honor of Friedrich K. Juenger
The World Trade Organization : law, practice, and policy
International procurement contracts : an introduction
European Union-U.S. trade conflicts and economic relationship
Problèmes de l'inexécution et la force majeure dans les contrats de vente internationale : Travaux du colloque de l'Association internationale des sciences juridiques à Helsinki du 20 au juin 1960 = Some problems of non-performance and force majeure in international contracts of sale
Trade agreements, petroleum and energy policies
Are drugs produced under compulsory license free from article 31(f) limitations? : solution to "paragraph 6" problem
West's legal forms. 13, Commercial transactions : commercial paper, sections 18.1 to 37
Unidroit principles of international commercial contracts 2010
