http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7328 faithfulness
faithfulness
Maintaining customer loyalty : Developing services at Health Club Hukka
"The Loyalty Leap arrives at a crucial time, illuminating the best practices for responsibly selecting, collecting, and employing customer data--the raw material of today's marketing industry. Supplemented with compelling corporate stories and the results from an extensive 2011 consumer survey, it provides a snapshot of consumer attitudes about privacy and the use of personal information for marketing and business purposes"--
The promise
Service design for business : a practical guide to optimizing the customer experience
Rose Elmsworth has a secret. For eighteen years, the world has been divided into the magically Gifted and the non-magical Ashkind, but Rose's identity is far more dangerous. At 15, she has earned herself a place alongside her father in the Department, a brutal law-enforcement organisation run by the Gifted to control the Ashkind. But now an old enemy is threatening to start a catastrophic war, and Rose faces a challenging test of her loyalties. How much does she really know about her father's past? How far is the Department willing to go to keep the peace? And, if the time comes, will Rose choose to protect her secret, or the people she loves?
Improving Customer Satisfaction and Customer Service Levels : Case: Nakumatt Mega City Supermarket
Brand awareness and loyalty if Finnish consumers : case: Lambi Tissue papers
Brand-building of the Chinese computer industry in the EU market : case study: Lenovo
Different class
Principles of services marketing
Death of kings
The DNA of customer experience : how emotions drive value
Forgiveness and other acts of love
Hunted : a house of night novel
Greyfriars Bobby : the classic story of the most famous dog in Scotland
Tabby McTat
Customer relationship management - from potential customers to loyal customers : case: Rosso Jyväskeskus
Development and Improvement of Customer Relations in the Luxury Cottages Portal Business
Maintaining customer loyalty : developing services at Health Club Hukka
In a dark future America that has devolved into unending civil wars, orphans Mahlia and Mouse barely escape the war-torn lands of the Drowned Cities, but their fragile safety is soon threatened and Mahlia will have to risk everything if she is to save Mouse, as he once saved her / Library off Congress.
Characteristics of maternal family lineages in a Common Goldeneye Bucephala clangula breeding population
As the World Thought Leaders on Customer Experience, Colin Shaw and the team at Beyond Philosophy have undertaken more than 18 months of groundbreaking research to discover the emotions that drive and destroy value in an organization, and can now disclose the empirical link between evoking these emotions and substantial financial returns.
Oathbraker. [Part II] : A prince among killers
Mutiny on the Bounty
The art of winning commitment : 10 ways leaders can engage minds, hearts, and spirits
The ultimate question : driving good profits and true growth
Customer loyalty : how to earn it, how to keep it
The scarecrows wedding
The role of customer insight in enhancing customer-orientation
The emperor and the nightingale
Relationship drivers in provider - consumer relationships : Empirical studies of customer loyalty programs
The loyalty leap : turning customer information into customer intimacy
Burned : a house of night novel : book seven of the house of night series
Commitment in organizations : accumulated wisdom and new directions
The importance of loyal channel intermediaries to improve brand awareness : case Montreal Sports Oy
Customer satisfaction and customer loyalty with perspective of developing a company: case company: Olive Bay International Ky Finland
Space-based relationships and loyal customers
Our cheating hearts : love and loyalty, lust and lies
A tale of two families
Assassin's apprentice
Application of Customer Relationship Management in Chinese Retail Industry   : Case: Lianhua Supermarket
Customer Retention in E-commerce business
How to improve customer loyalty in European Online Travel Agencies in the leisure segment
Satisfaction : a behavioral perspective on the consumer
Devoted : 38 extraordinary tales of love, loyality and life with dogs
The reaction
The loyalty advantage : essential steps to energize your company, your customers, your brand
White vengeance
The ultimate CRM handbook : strategies and concepts for building enduring customer loyalty and profitability
Neste Oil Rally Spectator 2011 : profile, typology, satisfaction and willingness to recommend  the event
Optimizing X Center experience : case study: Company X
The true brand loyalty in the Finnish tabloid industry
You
In this first book in a trilogy a girl child is born to Vlad Dracula, in Transylvania, in 1435--at first rejected by her father and always ignored by her mother, she will grow up to be Lada Dragwlya, a vicious and brutal princess, destined to rule and destroy her enemies / Library of Congress.
Jonadab and Rita
The drowned cities
Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs.
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION AND CUSTOMER LOYALTY WITH PERSPECTIVE OF DEVELOPING A COMPANY : CASE COMPANY: OLIVE BAY INTERNATIONAL KY-FINLAND
Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty
Consumer motivations to join a brand community on Facebook
Coriolanus
The impact of customer service quality on customer satisfaction in tourism sector
Muting on the Bounty
Customer Satisfaction of S-card members in Sokos Hotel Ilves
Vanish : a firelight novel
Never love a highlander
Analysis of attitudes towards mobile direct marketing directed to consumers involved in loyalty programs
Analysis of a new product package for a travel agency
How value and trust influence loyalty in wireless telecommunications industry
Customer Satisfaction Research of Suning Appliance
Brand thinking and other noble pursuits
The merchant of Venice
The nature of love
On loyalty
Researching customer satisfaction and loyalty : how to find out what people really think
Abstract: Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty.
How does employer branding increase employee retention?
Abstract: Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs. The main objective of this dissertation was to analyze general attitudes consumers have towards mobile direct marketing, when it is executed by some company whose loyalty program they are involved in. The study was then investigating the level of interest towards such advertising. The research was based on a mix of qualitative and quantitative research, and an online survey of 94 individuals from different age groups and professions was conducted for data collection purposes. The research aimed at giving generalized view of the consumers' reaction to the topic and suggestions on how this information could be used by any company planning on incorporating mobile direct marketing to their loyalty programs. A critical review of relevant secondary data was carried out to get insight on consumer behavior, when it comes to loyalty programs and mobile direct marketing. The literature review discusses in general terms of the topic related concepts of marketing and consumer behavior, and finishes with introducing the different uses and types of mobile direct marketing. This information gave the basis for primary research. Results of the research placed some of the theory of secondary data under consideration, and further recommendation for research would therefore be focusing on viral activity related to loyalty program messages as well as realization of paid-for ordering service. Limitations of research include the absence of a commissioner, which affects the reliability of the primary research results.
The value profit chain : treat employees like customers and customers like employees
Effects of company reputation on commitment, loyalty, and identification, and their respective influence on customer citizenship behaviours
Customer equity driven marketing strategy
The Reaction is the explosive sequel to Helena Coggan's stunning debut The Catalyst. For the first time in her life, fifteen-year-old Rose Elmsworth is alone. Her father, David, has been imprisoned and disgraced, a death sentence almost certain. She has been rejected by the Department, the amoral law-enforcement agency in which she grew up. Most dangerous of all is the terrible secret she and her father have been keeping all her life: if exposed, it has the power to destroy her. But Rose cannot stay hidden forever. Around her, the world is changing faster than either she or the Department can stop it. The laws which have for years maintained peace between magicals and non-magicals are breaking down, and two rival militias are gathering on the streets to prepare for a devastating war. As deeper, darker elements of her father's past emerge, Rose begins to understand that the rules of good and evil in which she has always believed will not protect her anymore. In a world of monsters, how long can trust, loyalty and justice survive? And how much will Rose herself have to change to stay alive?
Improving customer loyalty through a regular cus-tomer program : Case Onninen Oy
Global brand's chain marketing and strengthening customer commitment : case: Holiday Inn and Priority Club Rewards
Hidden : a firelight novel
The Snow Queen
Investigation of the factors influencing the level of customer satisfaction of the Club Tax-‎free members at KappAhl Lappeenranta
Customers' Loyalty & Brand Experience : Branding Strategy to Successfully Approach Consumers' Minds and Promote Customers' Loyalty: Generating the “Brand Experience”
Development of customer retention activities in the automotive industry : the case of Nissan Nordic Europe Oy
Relationship variables and their role between international buyer supplier relationship and customers' loyalty : a case study of UPC Print ltd
The scarecrows' wedding
The development of customer satisfaction and loyalty within Turku's cleaning industry
Loyalty rules! : how today's leaders build lasting relationships
Strategic relationship marketing
Loyalty marketing in automobile dealerships : case: car dealer X
Service magic : the art of amazing your customers
The catalyst
E-service : 24 ways to keep your customers - when the competition is just a click away
The complex nature of brand relationships : interpersonal or parasocial love?
The Sleeper omnibus
In the growing markets of today and excess variety of choice to customers, it is significant to companies to know how to maintain their clientele. The purpose of this thesis was to identify the key elements of customer loyalty. The case company Liikuntakeskus Hukka is a large and popular health club situated in Oulu, Finland. The health club wishes to develop its services in order to maintain the number of the existing male members with improved service. The initial interest towards this case company began with the author but the subject for the thesis was suggested by the case company as important and current information to the company could be gathered from the research. The objective was to approach both existing and former male members to determine the reasons why they joined the health club; which needs were or were not satisfied; most and least important factors at the health club among the facilities, and sports and healthcare possibilities; and what were the main causes to resign the contract. According to the researched data, different segments were identified in the male members and conclusions on how to serve these segments better were drawn. This thesis aimed to explain the importance of customer service and customer satisfaction to customer loyalty of a business, as well as considering the theories of consumer behaviour and customer relationship management. Quantitative research was used in the empirical part to gather enough data for reliable results in the form of a multiple-choice questionnaire sent by e-mail. Mainly closed questions were used to gain comparable answer with a few open-ended questions for receiving more precise feedback for the client company. Discussion of the theoretical part was based on printed and online publications. The results were analysed and managerial implications were suggested to the case company in accordance with results. The main segments in male members were identified, and the strongest aspects and the key weaknesses of the health club were recognised by the survey. Health Club Hukka has a strong customer base of members since many years that are very loyal to the club mainly because of the variety of services offered and the atmosphere shared with friends.
Burned : a house of night novel
The moon and more
What drives customer loyalty in brick and mortar fashion retail?
A comparative study on challenges in the psychosocial work environment of Finnish and foreign-born general practitioners
