http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7326 terms of delivery
terms of delivery
Business concepts based on modularity : a clinical inquiry into the business of delivering projects
A method for reducing throughput-time in industrial electronics
Shipbroking and chartering practice
Incoterms 2000 : ICC official rules for the interpretation of trade terms
Export-import theory, practices, and procedures
Analysis of prototype delivery time and accuracy
Hitsatut pyöreät teräsputket yleiseen käyttöön : tekniset toimitusehdot : standardi = Welded circular steel tubes for mechanical and general engineering purposes : technical delivery conditions. Osa 2 = Part 2, Ruostumattomat teräkset = Stainless steel
General conditions for the supply of specially designed and manufactured components : Brussels, January 1996.
Incoterms 2010 : ICC rules for the use of domestic and international trade terms
Do delivery terms influence the amount of the goods-in-transit inventories in the multinational organization? : case study
Saumattomat pyöreät teräsputket yleiseen käyttöön : tekniset toimitusehdot : standardi = Seamless steel tubes for mechanical and general engineering purposes : technical delivery conditions. Osa 2 = Part 2, Ruostumattomat teräkset = Stainless steel
Successful delivery solutions of Parker Hannifinn Oy Finn-Filter
Abstract.
The FIDIC contracts guide : conditions of contract for construction : conditions of contract for plant and design-build : conditions of contract for EPC/Turnkey projects
Logistics study for a consulting company : case company South America Business Solutions Oy
Incoterms 1990 : English (original text), French (translation)
Essays on uncertainty and escape in trade agreements
Changing an incoterm from ex works into carriage paid to : case how will it affect internal functions and prices at Henkel Norden Oy?
Incoterms 2000 : entry into force 1st January 2000 : Russian-English
Strategic export management
ICC guide to incoterms 2000 : understanding and practical use
General conditions for the supply and erection of mechanical, electrical and electronic products : Brussels, September 2001.
Developing inbound logistics at PerkinElmer Turku site
Hiiletysteräkset = Case hardening steels : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions
The commissioner of this thesis is a start-up consulting company that promotes South American products and offers advises for enterprises which plans to start importing products from South America. Consequently, the commissioner desired to map-out the different importing and exporting phases of international logistics and supply chain in a manner that would allow weaknesses to be discovered and removed. Such a study was necessary because the case company had not prepared it before. The objective of this thesis was to improve and develop the commissioner's expertise in international logistics and trade by researching and finding solutions that provides the best cost and time frame for importing products from South America to Finland. Moreover, the thesis aimed to give a brief indication on how the logistic process, time frames and strategies work between South America and Finland. This thesis theoretical background consists of subjects such as logistic and supply chain, documents function and transport mode and custom duties. Furthermore, a preliminary inquiry and face-to-face interviews were employed to support and complement the secondary data originated from published documents, books and official web pages.As a result, this thesis indicates what transport modes, costs, documents and time frames are involved in international importation. In addition, the research proved that the most expensive transport mode can be the most valuable if the time frame forms a bottle neck. In general, this study helps to initialize the first importing steps but further in-depth investigation is suggested and recommend, especially as a future development proposal.
ICC guide to Incoterms® 2010 : understanding and practical use
General conditions for the supply of mechanical, electrical and electronic products : Brussels, August 2000.
