http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p733 readinesses
readinesses
During the past year, there has been intense debate over the correlation between fiscal consolidation and economic growth. This article argues that the observed growth forecast errors for euro area countries in 2010-2011 were not caused by underestimated fiscal multipliers. Instead, the errors were due to a general reassessment of euro area sovereign risk, which disproportionately impacted the more vulnerable euro area countries. These countries experienced a sharp increase in their sovereign borrowing costs, a tightening of credit conditions and ultimately a sharper-than-expected contraction of domestic demand..
Towards the Geopolitics of Flows : implications for Finland
Enhancing the usability and availability of information infrastructure essential for securing the vital functions of society : final report
Developing disaster preparedness education via broadcast media and community involvement
Towards a networked Finland : the Information Society Council's report to the Finnish Government : February 2005.
Lending to households and non-financial corporations has been sluggish and credit standards have continued to be tight in many euro area countries. In June 2014, the Governing Council of the ECB decided to support bank lending to the corporate sector by pledging to commence a series of targeted longer-term refinancing operations. Although the significance of the banking sector in the transmission of monetary policy to the real economy is considerable, the factors behind changes in banks' credit standards in the euro area have not been empirically analysed. With the help of the ECB's Bank Lending Survey, a survey of bank lending and credit demand in the euro area, this article examines to what extent the changes in the terms of credit for corporate loans are due to supply and demand factors, how the size of a company applying for credit affects the terms applied and how the situation in stressed countries differs from that in other euro area countries..
The official SAT study guide
This publication introduces RADAR, a rapid disaster impact assessment tool for agriculture. Successful implementation of RADAR could improve disaster preparedness, facilitate timely relief operations and integrate risk and hazard awareness into longer-term agricultural development planning.--Publisher's description.
Handbook of response to intervention : the science and practice of assessment and intervention
Network topology, system mechanics and behavioral dynamics in interbank payment systems
Social welfare and health care preparedness in case of exceptional situations in Finland
Parenting satisfaction and parenting self-efficacy during the postpartum period : evaluation of an internet-based intervention
The power of habit : why we do what we do in life and business
The global achievement gap : why even our best schools don't teach the new survival skills our children need - -and what we can do about it
This collection of critical essays, originally published in "Pragmatics and Society" 1:2 (2010), discusses how normative biases that shape our relation to the world are constructed through discursive practice in media discourse. The intertextual perspective it adopts is crucial for our understanding of how media representations of speakers and languages shape many of our preconceptions of others. Mediatization is inherently intertextual; the very nature of this process involves extracting the speech behavior of particular speakers or groups from a highly specific context and refracting and reshaping it to be inserted in another stream of representation. The notion of intertextuality becomes a useful concept for the linguistic anthropological study of media discourse in the context of modernity, as it provides us with a tool for exploring the semiotic processes that underlie the way in which the media negotiate and reinscribe the complex relationships of identity that characterize late modern subjecthood.
Hard skills or soft skills? Findings about importance of various skills in work
Learning, capability building and innovation for development
Disaster evacuation and the tourist industry
Diaconal work as individual and social aid in the social change.
Early prediction of reading : phonological awareness and related language and cognitive skills in children with a familial risk for dyslexia
Staying safe at school
Fiscal multipliers revisited
Dynamic capabilities : how organizational structures affect knowledge processes
mWatch Europe 2006 : a survey of mobile readiness in European cities and regions
Designing resilience : preparing for extreme events
Individuals' interest in preventing everyday accidents and crises : a Swedish explorative study of the importance of motivation
The Financial Crisis in Europe and United States 2007-2010
Basel accord and corporate bond yield spreads
How firm characteristics affect Capital Structure : An Analysis of Finnish Technology Industry
Two targets, one instrument: Steering interest rates and preserving financial stability with Eurosystem credit operations
Abstract: A journey into the core of the occupational competence and attitudes of small business entrepreneurs : a study based on a review of literature and a DACUM analysis.
Good emergency management practice : the essentials: a guide to preparing for animal health emergencies
Preparation of African swine fever contingency plans
Liquidity shocks in the eurosystem interbank market
Security in 21st century Europe
Patient suitability for short-term and long-term psychotherapy
This comprehensive study guide helps students prepare for the new SAT by providing eight full-length practice tests, a complete walk-through of the new writing section, hundreds of practice questions, and more.
Returns and illiquidity : study of the Finnish stock market
Spontaneous focusing on numerosity in the development of early mathematical skills
Education in Africa. Vol. 2, Indigenous forms of learning in Africa
Baseline assessment : a review of current practice, issues and strategies for effective implementation : an OMEP (UK) report
The comprehensive handbook of school safety
Bank run risk and optimal reserves
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Liquidity provision and optimal bank regulation
Crisis management - guidance and good practice
Fundamentals of a New Era ́s Responsive Education Institute : Case X Institute
The Eurosystem currently implements monetary policy in circumstances that are very different from those of the early years of the financial and debt crisis. The Governing Council of the ECB has pursued an accommodative monetary policy and lowered the central bank's policy rates close to zero, meaning that the scope for lowering the expected real interest rate by deployment of traditional monetary policy instruments is now limited. Inflation expectations that are lower than the Eurosystem's objective of price stability raise the real interest rate. This article looks at the non-standard monetary policy instruments with which, despite the zero lower bound, the Eurosystem has been able to steer market interest rates and strengthen expectations of a continuation of the accommodative monetary policy stance..
Cornerstones for professionalism
Security strategy for society : government resolution 16.12.2010
Think first, read later! : Piagetian prerequisites for reading
Protection of cultural property in the event of armed conflict - a challenge in peace support operations
Business continuity management : in practice
Exploring science with young children : a developmental perspective
International perceptions of university forestry education : an analysis of student motivation, competencies, and curricula
Markets, reserves and lenders of last resort as sources of bank liquidity
Developing a crisis communication scorecard : outcomes of an international research project 2008-2011 (Ref.)
Abstract: Knowledge readiness of first responders in Finnish nuclear power plants.
Why are euro area banks' credit standards still tight?
"Written by veteran law enforcement and family counseling professionals, the second edition of this guidebook shows students and parents how to stay safe at school. The book pinpoints personal safety issues of importance to all educators and explains how to analyze schools for security risks. It also includes proven methods for averting crime, improving school safety, and avoiding becoming a victim. Additional chapters explore teachers liability and rights and discuss the concept of emotional survival"-- Provided by publisher.
The Microeconomics of the Lender-of-Last-Resort Controversy : An Application of the Holmström-Tirole Liquidity Model
Vade-mecum of civil protection in the European Union : liability
Social and medical emergency : preparedness and response unit
The talent equation : big data lessons for navigating the skills gap and building a competitive workforce
Implementation of monetary policy at the zero lower bound and below
Training today and tomorrow
The preparation of the successor in a family firm
Lights out : a cyberattack : a nation unprepared : surviving the aftermath
Rapid Agricultural Disaster Assessment Routine (RADAR)
Helping skills : facilitating exploration, insight, and action
Dialogs on diversity and global education
Simulation analyses and stress testing of payment networks : proceedings from the Bank of Finland Payment and Settlement System Seminars 2007-2008
Indicators of child and youth well-being are indispensable tools for improving the lives of children. In this book, the nation's leading development researchers review the recent progress made in the measurement, collection, dissemination, and use of indicators of child and youth well-being. In addition, they identify opportunities for future research to expand and improve on the indicator data available, so as to develop greater measures of positive development. The first eleven chapters cover key indicators in the areas of health, education, social, and emotional development and then social context indicators of the family, peers, school, and the community. The book then goes on to demonstrate the use of indicators for influencing policy at the state and local levels. One chapter discusses how social indicators were used to guide welfare reform and another recounts the use of the indicators to guide local planning. The volume concludes with a discussion of summary indices of well-being and the methodological challenges of constructing such indices. Written in an accessible manner for policy makers, practitioners, and researchers concerned with children's well-being, including experts in developmental, social, community, and educational psychology, the book also serves as a supplementary text in public policy and the social sciences. The policy chapters will be of particular interest to those who use child and youth indicators to guide policy development.
Liquidity regulation makes a comeback
This is NOT a fire drill : crisis intervention and prevention on college campuses
A Guide to corporate reporting analysis
Stages of emergency : Cold War nuclear civil defense
The effect of liquidity and time-lag on ETF discounts and ETF return predictability
Do time deposits prevent bank runs?
Strategy for securing the functions vital to society : government resolution 27.11.2003
Abstract: "It's richness..." : public health nurses' experiences of meeting and caring for immigrants in the Mikkeli region.
At the height of the financial crisis some weeks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers, the Eurosystem adopted a full allotment policy in the refinancing of banks. The move from variable rate tenders and controlling the amounts of liquidity provided to the banks towards fixed interest rates was necessary when the financial intermediation capacity of the banking system had been paralysed and the traditional way implementing monetary policy had led to a significant increase in the price of central bank liquidity provision. This article examines how ensuring banks' access to liquidity through central bank operations has resulted in a situation where, for five years already, short-term money market rates have been lower than the interest rate on the main refinancing operations (MRO rate), that is, the Eurosystem's traditional key steering rate. The article discusses central banks' short-term challenges in the steering of interest rates and outlines a longer-term operational model that would enable the dual use of credit operations both for steering interest rates and, in parallel, for ensuring the availability of central bank funding. The model is based on a differentiated use of collateral in different types of operations conducted by the Eurosystem..
Early warning and civil protection : when does it work and why does it fail?
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
We make the future : communication camps and know-how-talkoot
Professional Competences of Music Therapists Working in Post-stroke Rehabilitation
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
Key indicators of child and youth well-being : completing the picture
Abstract: Do premature babies receive treatment for pain?.
Regional Workshop on Preparedness and Response to Aquatic Animal Health Emergencies in Asia : 21-23 September 2004 Jakarta, Indonesia
Person-centred active support : a handbook
The Basel III regulatory framework involves the introduction of the first internationally harmonised regulations on banking liquidity. The new regulations are largely a consequence of the storms experienced on the financial markets in recent years. In autumn 2008, a lot of banks found themselves in liquidity difficulties, when the markets for many securities and financial contracts previously considered liquid ground to a halt. The point of the new regulations is to force banks to protect themselves from these types of problems. This article presents the background to the liquidity reform and assesses liquidity regulation with the aid of theoretical economic models..
We make the future : communication camps and Know-how-talkoot
Security management : a critical thinking approach
Societal security : emergency management - Requirements for incident response
Lapsiperheiden elämänhallintavalmiudet : perheohjauksen arviointi = Life control potential of families with small children, evaluation of family counselling
Conclusion (s. 86-89).
Emergency response planning : for corporate and municipal managers
Corporate treasury and cash management
A journey into the core of the professional skill sets of small business entrepreneurs : a study based on a review of literature and a DACUM analysis
This explorative study presents an empirical examination of the connection between motivation and the measures individuals take to prevent everyday accidents and prepare for crises. Positional factors (age and gender) and situational factors (education, size of locality, and household composition) are included because the literature highlights their importance. The study used data gathered in a 2010/2011 poll of randomly selected Swedish residents aged 16-75 (N = 2000; 44.8% response rate). A factor analysis reduced the theoretical model for situational motivation (Guay, Vallerand, & Blanchard, 2000) from four to two dimensions: motivation and amotivation. Subsequent regression analyses statistically confirmed the connection between motivation or amotivation and the extent to which individuals pursue preventative and preparedness measures, even when accounting for positional and situational factors. These findings underscore the need for continued studies of individuals' incentives to prevent accidents and prepare for crises and for the study of the nuances of (situational) motivation and preventive/preparedness measures.
Bank lending and credit creation around the financial crisis : empirical evidence in Eurozone banks during 2006-2012
