http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7339 emission trade
emission trade
CEPI paper week: emissions trading - coming soon to a mill near you
Carbon trading with imperfectly observable emissions
Executive summary (s. 11-18).
Carbon finance : the financial implications of climate change
Voluntary approaches for environmental policy : effectiveness, efficiency and usage in policy mixes
Measuring return and risk of a joint implementation of bioenergy project by using portfolio approach
Instruments for climate policy : limited versus unlimited flexibility
Act locally, trade globally : emissions trading for climate policy
The overall economic and environmental effectiveness of a combined carbon footprinting and feedback system Climate Bonus project report (WP6)
Cleaning the EU out of emissions - or firms? : implementions of EU Emissions Trading Scheme for the competitiveness of involved Finnish firms
Summary (s. 209-220).
Abstract.
Fictitious carbon, fictitious change? : environmental implications of the commodification of carbon
"Frames forestry activities within climate-change policy context. Analyzes the operation and efficacy of market-based mechanisms for forest conservation and climate change. Explores voluntary schemes for carbon crediting, provides an overview of carbon accounting best practices, and presents tools for future sequestration and offset programs. Concludes with options for slowing deforestation"--Provided by publisher.
Summary (s. 10-13).
Carbon sinks and costs of EU permit markets for carbon emissions
Emission trading as an expanding mechanism of international environmental agreements
Pollution control in a competitive industry when emission right markets fail
Abstract (1 s.). Summary (1 s.).
The new carbon economy
Greenhouse gas emissions trading for the transport sector
Harnessing farms and forests in the low-carbon economy : how to create, measure, and verify greenhouse gas offsets
Should ERUs be tradable?
In this thesis we consider emissions trading under various market imperfections such as uncertainty over permit price, imperfect competition and noncompliance. First, we study the effects of uncertain permit price on the firms choice of emission intensive and clean inputs in an multi-input production process. We also assess the risk aversion factors of some Finnish heat and power producers. Second, we study imperfect competition in output and permit markets with a two-stage model, where output decision is made before permit trades. The emphasis is on the strategic interaction between firms and on the efficiency increasing regulation. Third, we turn back to uncertainty and analyse the welfare difference between emissions trading and emission tax, when some of the firms may be noncompliant. The main finding is that welfare is greater with emission tax than with emissions trading, when at least one firm is noncompliant. Finally, we extend some existing models of permit banking and borrowing to encompass also noncompliant behavior of firms. Here, we analyse the incentives of compliant firms to become noncompliant at some point in time and also the time paths of the choice variables.
Emissions trading under market imperfections
Toward a common European Union energy policy : problems, progress, and prospects
Implications of and possible responses to climate change in Sub-Saharan Africa
Climate change and the law : general report to the XVIIIth International Congress of the International Academy of Comparative Law (AIDC), Washington DC, 2010.
This thoughtful book explores the scope of environmental pricing and examines a variety of national experiences in environmental policy integration to identify the most effective use of taxation and policy for environmental sustainability.
Greenhouse gas emission trends and projections in Europe 2007 : tracking progress towards Kyoto targets
Essays on auction mechanisms and information in regulation pollution
Climate law in Finland and China : outlines of European and Chinese climate change mitigation and energy efficiency regulation
Sectoral EU-trading and other climate policy options : impacts on the Swedish economy
Carbon markets : an international business guide
The rise and fall of the Kyoto Protocol : climate change as a political process
Renewable energy and climate policies : studies in the forest and energy sector
Corporate responses to EU emissions trading : resistance, innovation or responsibility?
The overall economic and environmental effectiveness of a combined carbon footprinting and feedback system : Climate Bonus project report (WP6)
Regulation monitoring in energy technology business
The effects of a revision of the Emission Trading Directive for the period starting in 2013 on the European pulp and paper industry
Preventing carbon leakage with consumption-based emission policies?
Nutrient trading : theory and practice
Adapting agriculture to climate change
Allowance allocation and CO2 intensities in the EU energy sectors
Regional survey study from dry port concept in South-East Finland
Environmental markets : equity and efficiency
Impacts of the European emission trade system on Finnish wholesale electricity prices
Climate change and forests : emerging policy and market opportunities
Allowance demand and supply in the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme during the 1st trading period 2005-2007
"Comprehensive examination of the economic, social, and political context of climate policy in industrialized and developing nations. Calls for a multilateral approach that goes beyond the mitigation-focused Kyoto policies and stresses the importance of generating policies that work within a time frame commensurate with that of climate change itself"--Provided by publisher.
Emissions trading : flexible mechanisms under the Kyoto Protocol
Eco-finance : the legal design and regulation of market-based environmental instruments
Global change and energy markets : analysis the effects of Nordic electricity market integration on environmental policy using GTAP-E model
Seeking redress in National Court against the institutions of the Clean Development Mechanism : a path to justice for private legal entities?
Essays on the economics of climate change and networks
EU's emissions trading system in the presence of national emission targets
Governments increasingly rely on the use of market instruments to tackle climate change and help decarbonize a deeply fossil fuel-dependent economy. This dissertation examines this trend as one instance of the ‘commodification of carbon’, or the process through which emission reductions are made into commodities and then traded on the market. It engages the commodification framework and related theoretical perspectives to scrutinize the environmental outcomes that market instruments engender, and how these can be theorized. Three cases are examined: the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme, the Flemish tradable green certificate scheme, and Trees for Global Benefits, a community-based offsetting project situated in western Uganda. The environmental outcomes of each of these cases can be summarized by pointing to the specific spatiotemporal dynamics that they (re)produce. On the one hand, this dissertation shows that market instruments are prone to problem displacement because of the broader socioeconomic imperatives within which they operate. On the other hand, it argues for recognition of the specific temporality that is implied when environmental regulation is subsumed to market dynamics. Because of their prioritization of the cheapest and easiest solutions, market instruments bring the pace and form of decarbonization in line with what is deemed economically feasible, rather than with what is scientifically necessary. It is argued that this occurs at least in part because of the way that market instruments interact with the conditioning effects of our wider socioecological surroundings, specifically the way in which social power is materialized in the contemporary fossil fuel landscape. Due recognition of these dynamics offers insights on the political role that market instruments fulfill, why such instruments prove to be so popular, and what the conditions are for developing feasible alternatives.
Impact of product quality and demand evolution on EU refineries at the 2020 horizon : CO2 emissions trend and mitigation options
The politics of persuasion : should lobbying be regulated in the EU?
Integrating combined heat and power production and CO[sub 2] emissions trading planning
Protection against loss of title under Finnish law with regard to EU ETS allowances
Emissions trading : a way of achieving the climate goal : summary of the final proposal found in SOU 2000:45
National allocation plans in the EU emissions trading scheme : lessons and implications for phase II
Environmental pricing : studies in policy choices and interactions
Can the EU budget support climate policy in Central and Eastern Europe?
The cultures of markets : the political economy of climate governance
EU action against climate change : the EU Emissions Trading Scheme
Green certificate systems and a greenhouse gas emission permit trading system
Climate change and european emissions trading : lessons for theory and practice
Environmental management report : trends and best practice in climate change
Saving Kyoto : an insider's guide to how it works, why it matters and what it means for the future
Informational efficiency of the European Union emission allowance market
Climate change, human rights and distributive justice
The ten-year rule : allocation of emission allowances in the EU emission trading system
Solid wood-based fuels in energy production in Finland
Energy takes centre stage at CEPI meeting
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
The costs of going from Kyoto to Marrakech : Swedish carbon policy in a multi-regional model
Emissions trading design : a critical overview
Analysis of national allocation plans for the EU ETS
Carbon trading : a critical conversation on climate change, privatisation and power
Sustainable investing : the art of long-term performance
Climate change law  : objectives, instruments and structures of a new area of law
Carbon pricing : design, experiences and issues
Carbon pricing, growth and the environment
Carbon Pricing reflects upon and further develops the ongoing and worthwhile global debate into how to design carbon pricing, as well as how to utilize the financial proceeds in the best possible way for society. The world has recently witnessed a significant downward adjustment in fossil fuel prices, which has negative implications for the future of our environment. In light of these negative developments, it is important to understand the benefits of environmental sustainability through well-documented research. This discerning book considers the design of carbon taxes and examines the consequential outcomes of different taxation compositions as regulatory instruments. Expert contributors assess a variety of national experiences to provide an empirical insight into the use of carbon taxes, emissions trading, energy taxes and excise taxes. The overarching discussion concludes that successful policies used by some countries can be implemented in other jurisdictions with minimum new research and experimentation. This astute work will benefit scholars, practitioners and policymakers alike with an interest in the fields of environmental law, environmental economics, sustainable development and taxation law.
In 2012, Australia took the major step of introducing a carbon price, involving the creation of a system of emissions permits initially issued at a fixed price. Carbon Pricing brings together experts instrumental in the development, and operation, of Australia's carbon policy who have played a significant role in the broader debate over climate change policy. Together they have achieved an in-depth analysis of Australia's policy stance on pricing carbon and its implications for the wider economy. While the future of carbon pricing is itself unclear in Australia, the experiences, insights and conclusions outlined herein will prove invaluable to a global audience. The assessment of the initial operation of the carbon price provides a wide range of insights into the problems of mitigating climate change, and the prospects for the future. The critical analysis will provide a valuable resource to inform wider international debates concerning alternative mechanisms for internalising the carbon externality, tax reform, climate scepticism and carbon farming initiatives. With its interdisciplinary approach, Carbon Pricing, will appeal to scholars and researchers of economics in general and climate change, natural resources and energy policy in particular. Those organisations and policymakers involved in similar experiments and processes in other countries will find the experiences and analysis invaluable.
Emissions trading as a policy instrument : evaluation and prospects
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Allowance allocation and CO2 intensity of the EU15 and Norwegian refineries
A guide to emissions trading : risk management and business implications
The EU emission trading scheme after one year : experiences and outlooks
Strategic behaviour as a reason for the ineffectiveness of the EU ETS : a case study of Finland
Tradeable permits : policy evaluation, design and reform
Improving energy efficiency and environmental sustainability of a bulk carrier
A short introduction to climate law in Finland
Electricity and emission allowance markets from Finnish viewpoint : study
The EU is at a crossroads. Should it choose the path towards protectionism or the path towards free trade?
Analyzing the investment opportunities in bioenergy sector during emission trading
An EU emission trading scheme for shipping? : international law challenges
Summary (s. 7-12).
Case Billerud and the proportionality of the EU ETS excess emissions penalty
Impact of marine fuels quality legislation on EU refineries at the 2020 horizon
European Emissions Trading and Carbon Leakage : Assessing the Need for Improvement in the ETS Directive
The effects of a revision of the Emissions Trading Directive for the period starting in 2013 on the European nitrogen fertilizer industry
This book explores the establishment of emissions trading as a form of environmental, market-based governance. It conceptualizes markets as institutions, and analyzes them as a system of climate governance. To this end, it argues that international efforts to promulgate markets run up against local cultures of markets that shape economic practices and knowledge to different degrees. The book also examines the material implications of emissions markets on the environment and climatic systems. In sum, the study finds that cultures of markets present a substantial challenge to a universalist prescription for resolving climate change and highlights issues at the interface of political and economic governance in different political economies. This includes issues of citizen, state, and industry participation, and the materiality of economic and financial productivity.
Markets for carbon and power pricing in Europe : theoretical issues and empirical analyses
Carbon coalitions : business, climate politics, and the rise of emissions trading
Weak and semi-strong forms of informational efficiency in the EU ETS markets
Is CO2 trading always beneficial? : a CGE-model analysis on secondary environmental benefits
Pricing carbon : the European Union emissions trading scheme
Informal efficiency of the EU ETS market : a study of price predictability and profitable trading
Emissions trading and the role of learning-by-doing spillovers in the 'bottom-up' energy-system ERIS model
Economics and management of climate change : risks, mitigation and adaptation
Metsäteollisuus vuonna nolla = The forest industries in year zero
Economic implications of differences in member state regulations for the European Union emission trade system
Implementing domestic tradeable permits : recent developments and future challenges
Climate Change and Forests : Emerging Policy and Market Opportunities
Handbook of carbon offset programs : trading systems, funds, protocols and standards
The impact of emissions trading on the price of electricity in Nord Pool : market power and price determination in the Nordic electricity market
Implementing the European Union emissions trading in Germany and Finland
Greenhouse gas emissions trading and project-based mechanisms : proceedings : OECD Global Forum on Sustainable Development : Emissions Trading, CATEP Country Forum, 17-18 March 2003, Paris
Implications of EU emission trading in the Nordic countries
Environmental finance and investments
Cogeneration planning under the deregulated power market and emissions trading scheme
Voluntary carbon markets : an international business guide to what they are and how they work
Business concept options for Finnish bioenergy sector during emission trading
The use of emissions trading in relation to other means of reducing emissions : a nordic comparative study
Abstract (1 s.).
Carbon pricing : early experience and future prospects
Climate change, ozone depletion and air pollution : legal commentaries within the context of science and policy
Putting a price on carbon : econometric essays on the European Union emissions trading scheme and its impacts
Emissions trading : institutional design, decision making and corporate strategies
Allocation in the European Emissions Trading Scheme : rights, rents and fairness
Fuel switching, energy saving and carbon trading : three ways to control carbon dioxide emissions in the Finnish forest industry
EU emissions trading : an open scheme promoting global innovation to combat climate change
Emissions trading and technology deployment in an energy-systems "bottom-up" model with technology learning
Greenhouse gas emission trends and projections in Europe ..
Towards auctioning : the transformation of the European greenhouse gas emissions trading system : present and future challenges to competition law
EU climate policy : industry, policy interaction, and external environment
