http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7345 lion
lion
How to hide a lion from grandma
Qayb libaax = The lion's share : a Somali folktale
Before I wake up..
Fizzlebert stump : the boy who ran away from the circus (and joined the library)
The classic collection. Vol. II
Disney's the lion king
Lionboy
Born wild : the extraordinary story of one man's passion for lions and for Africa
The book of the tiger : with a chapter on the lion in India
The lonely lion cub
Who ate auntie Iris?
Clever rabbit and the lion
Out of the woods
The Rabbi's cat. 2
Fizzlebert stump and the bearded boy
The rabbi's cat. 2
The lion of Finland
"The startlingly original look at life on the streets of Baghdad during the Iraq War inspired by true events arrives in a stunning new softcover edition. In this provocative graphic novel, superstar comics writer Brian K. Vaughan examines life on the streets of war-torn Iraq. In the spring of 2003, a pride of lions escaped from the Baghdad Zoo during an American bombing raid. Lost and confused, hungry but finally free, the four lions roamed the decimated streets of Baghdad in a desperate struggle for their lives. In documenting the plight of the lions, PRIDE OF BAGHDAD raises questions about the true meaning of liberation: Can it be given, or is it earned only through self-determination and sacrifice? And in the end, is it truly better to die free than to live life in captivity? This moving graphic novel is inspired by true events. This new Deluxe Edition hardcover presents the original graphic novel, plus developmental art and more". / Provided by publisher.
Traditional images of the lion are iconic cultural symbols of China. The lion is believed to be one of the most auspicious animals in Chinese folk culture. Images of the creature gradually gained popularity throughout the country as they spread from religious venues to people's homes. With their distinctive national character and regional features, rugged appearance and excellent craftsmanship, Chinese stone lions are favorites of the Chinese people.This book focuses on the development of stone lion carving, the evolution of its designs, the folk culture the creatures exemplify, the principles for stone lion carving, and the various styles and uses of stone lions. On these pages are more than 300 photographs of the carved beasts from nearly 20 regions in China.
The lion who wanted to love
A nap time story
Big five of Africa
The lion who stole my arm
How to hide a lion from Grandma
A lion among men
One day on our blue planet ...In the Savannah
The summer lion
Lions : a portrait of the animal world
Myth and meaning : San-Bushman folklore in global context
Killer instincs
Lion cubs : growing up in the wild
Library lion
Monkey found a baby
Mighty lions
The lion in Romanesque art, meaning or decoration?
A lion called Christian
The lion and the mouse
Ten apples up on top!
Madagascar 3 : Long live the king!
Addo, the African king
Uncle Shelby's story of Lafcadio, the lion who shot back
Part of the pride : my life among the big cats of Africa
Big Cats In the Wild
One day on our blue planet : ...in the Savannah
A lion in the meadow
The gentle lion and the little owlet : a tale of an unlikely friendship
What's it like to be a baby lion?
Lion practice
The travels of Igal Shidad = Safarada Cigaal Shidaad : a Somali folktale
Little Red And The Very Hungry Lion
Shumba's big adventure
Man-eater : tales of lion and tiger encounters
Daddy Lion's tea party
Louis the Lion
Nobody laughs at a lion
Little Red and the very hungry lion
It's a George thing!
Horrible hair
The greative book of soft toys
Wild cats : Lynx, bobcats, mountain lions
Don't wake the lion
That's not my lion...  : its nose is too fuzzy
What is stronger than a lion? : leonine image and metaphor in the Hebrew Bible and the ancient Near East
The lion inside
True at first light
The burning shadow
The time of the lion
Akimbo and the lions
Clever Rabbit and the lion
Let's play together
Lion's lunch?
Lovely old lion
Pride of Baghdad : inspired by a true story
The lion king
