http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7342 psychopathology
psychopathology
Speech, voice, language and cognition in individuals with spinocerebellar ataxia (SCA)
Interpersonal foundations of psychopathology
Serial murder and the psychology of violent crimes
Attention and emotion : a clinical perspective
Storytelling, narrative, and the thematic apperception test
Psychosis and spirituality : exploring the new frontier
Psychological stress and psychopathology
Emergence, assessment and treatment of eating disorders
Developmental psychopathology : from infancy through adolescence
Handbook of developmental psychopathology
Our original scenes : Freud's theory of sexuality
Abnormal psychology : a new look
The psychology of self and other
Ecstasy or religious trance : in the experience of the ecstatics and from the psychological point of view. Volume 3, Ecstasy and psychopathological states
Comprehensive handbook of personality and psychopathology. Vol. 2 : Adult psychopathology
The anatomy of violence : the biological roots of crime
Biological and neurobehavioral studies of borderline personality disorder
Developmental psychopathology. Volume 1, Theory and methods
One child
The psychopathology of crime : criminal behavior as a clinical disorder
Textbook of evolutionary psychiatry and psychosomatic medicine : the origins of psychopathology
Abnormal psychology : an experimental clinical approach
Brain asymmetry
Psychopathology : foundations for a contemporary understanding
Psychopathological disorders of childhood
Children in difficulty : a guide to understanding and helping
Child and adolescent disorders : developmental and health psychology perspectives
Selfhood, identity and personality styles
"Self-criticism is a personality trait that has been implicated in a wide range of psychopathologies and developmental arrests. Defined as the tendency to set unrealistically high standards for one's self and to adopt a punitive stance towards the self once these standards are not met, self-criticism is both active and cyclical. Self-critics actively create the social-interpersonal conditions that generate their distress, and their distress itself exacerbates self-criticism. Erosion offers a comprehensive treatment of self-criticism based in philosophy, developmental science, personality and clinical psychology, social theories, and cognitive-affective neuroscience. Professor Golan Shahar expertly summarizes the most recent research on the topic and synthesizes theory, empirical research, and clinical practice guidelines for assessment, prevention, and treatment. The book rests upon three elements that, as Shahar argues, are central to the maintenance of self-critical vulnerability: the importance of a concept of an authentic self or the need to "feel real"; the importance of intentionality and goal-directedness; and the power of interpersonal relationships and cultural context. Shahar argues that exploring these elements requires an integrated clinical approach that incorporates multidimensional assessment and interventions which reconcile science, practice, and policy. The result is a broad and scholarly volume that is useful to practitioners, researchers, and theorists interested in self-criticism"--
Introduction to abnormal child and adolescent psychology
Inside out and outside in : psychodynamic clinical theory and practice in contemporary multicultural contexts
Plea for a measure of abnormality
Deconstructing psychopathology
Anthropology and mental health
Let me make it good : a chronicle of my life with borderline personality disorder
Dangerous habitual criminals : a psychopatbologic study of 216 segregated criminals
Theories of psychopathology and personality : Essays and critiques
Psychiatry and religion : context, consensus, and controversies
"Adolescence is a period of rapid growth, maturing individuality, vulnerabilities and fortitude. Fortunately, most youths go through this period of life in a healthy way, but some do not. Adolescent Mental Health: Prevention and Intervention is a concise and accessible overview of our current knowledge on effective treatment and prevention programs for youths who have developed, or are at risk of developing, mental health problems. Ogden and Hagen's introduction to "what works" in the promotion of adolescent mental health addresses some of the most common mental health problems among young people, and how these problems might be prevented or ameliorated through professional and systematic efforts. The volume illustrates contemporary and empirically supported interventions and prevention efforts through a series of case studies, and covers some of the most prevalent mental health conditions affecting today's youth; externalizing, internalizing and drug use problems. Within an ecological and transactional framework, the book discusses how psychopathologies may develop and the risks and protective factors associated with these. The problem-oriented perspective on risk and mental health problems is combined with a focus on social competence and other protective factors. Adolescent Mental Health: Prevention and Intervention will be essential reading for students and practitioners in the fields of child welfare and mental health services, and any professionals working with adolescents at risk of developing mental health problems"--
Brain evolution, language, and psychopathology in schizophrenia
Clinical handbook of anxiety disorders in children and adolescents
Fundamentals of abnormal psychology
Philosophical psychopathology
Sisällysluettelo: Maximum security -- Suffering souls -- The assassins -- The psychopath electrified -- The psychopath magnetized -- Bad beginnings -- Ivy League lessons -- Teenage "psychopaths" -- Mobile imaging -- The decompression chamber -- A serial killer unmasked.
The developmental psychopathology of eating disorders : implications for research, prevention, and treatment
Behaviour problems in small animals : practical advice for the veterinary team
Successful prevention programs for children and adolescents
An elementary textbook of psychoanalysis
Personality and psychopathology : building a clinical science : selected papers of Theodore Millon
Public protection and the criminal justice process
Handbook of abnormal psychology
In a different key : the story of aurism
Madness in society : chapters in the historical sociology of mental illness
Anthropological structures of madness in black Africa
The classification of child and adolescent mental diagnoses in primary care : diagnostic and statistical manual for primary care (DSM-PC) child and adolescent version
The neurology of autism
Oxford textbook of philosophy and psychiatry
Mommy, daddy, look what I'm saying : what children are telling you through their art
Theory and research in abnormal psychology
Personality and psychopathology
Handbook of cross-cultural psychology. Vol. 6, Psychopathology
Manual of child psychopathology
Psychopathology among mentally retarded children and adolescents
The social control of mental illness
Cultural cognition and psychopathology
Adolescent mental health : prevention and intervention
Embodied selves and divided minds
Comprehensive handbook of personality and psychopathology. Vol. 1 : Personality and everyday functioning
The social creation of mental illness
The Oxford handbook of personality disorders
Suicide in children and adolescents
The behavioral sciences and health care
"This is the most up-to-date text about theory and research on the etiology and treatment of the most important psychological disorders. It is intended for first-year graduate students in clinical psychology, counseling psychology, and related fields. Readers will appreciate that the length, organization, content, and level and style of writing remain appropriate for the audience throughout. Thoroughly revised, this third edition continues to disseminate research- and empirically-supported information on psychopathology, while also challenging students to think critically, not just memorize information. New additions to the text include sections on dissociative disorders, dimensional approaches, the biological bases of psychopathology, developmental psychology, and a chapter on learning theories that lays out the principles of learning".
"This book provides a comprehensive review of new developments in the study of language processing and related neural networks in schizophrenia by addressing the complex link between psychopathology, language and evolution at different levels of analysis. Psychopathological symptoms in schizophrenia are mainly characterized by thought and language disorders, which are strictly intertwined. In particular, language is the distinctive dimension of human beings and is ontologically related to brain development. Although normal at the levels of segmental phonology and morphological organization, the speech of patients suffering from schizophrenia is often characterized by flattened intonation and word-finding difficulties. Furthermore, research suggests that the superior temporal gyrus and specific prefrontal areas which support language in humans are altered in people with schizophrenia. Brambilla and Marini bring together international contributors to explore the link between brain evolution and the psychopathological features of schizophrenia, with a focus on language and its neural underpinnings. Divided into three sections the book covers: brain evolution and language phylogenesis brain abnormalities in schizophrenia psychopathology and schizophrenia. This theoretical approach will appeal to professionals including clinical psychologists, cognitive neuroscientists, neuropsychiatrists, neuropsychologists, neurolinguists, and researchers considering the links between brain evolution, language and psychopathology in schizophrenia"--
"Addictions to drugs or alcohol are usually apparent, but what about behavioral addictions? A person addicted to shoplifting or gambling, for example, or picking at their skin, may suffer in the shadows while their behavior consumes their time and energy--and disrupts their life. Legal, medical, and financial troubles are common for such a person and their loved ones, as are social and family conflicts. Behavioral addictions are serious illnesses and usually do not go away on their own--telling the loved one to simply stop doing the behavior will not work. This book is for anyone who has a behavioral addiction, and for their families and friends. It describes what a behavioral addiction is, what causes it, and how it can be diagnosed and treated. It takes an in-depth look at seven specific addictions: to gambling, stealing, sex, internet use, shopping and buying, hair pulling and skin picking, and food. Behavioral addictions have a physical basis in the brain and are addictive because, like alcohol and narcotics, they are rewarding. The addicted person spends enormous amounts of time preparing for or engaging in the habit, and in the process neglects other areas of life. He or she may also be convicted of a crime, put their sexual partner at risk of infection, lose their job due to negligence and their home due to debt. These repetitive habits persist despite negative consequences so that, ultimately, the person loses all conscious control over the behavior. The guidance provided here helps readers deal with the complicated issues surrounding these addictions, including how family members can help the addicted person while helping themselves. Dr. Grant has published many books and has appeared on CNN, BBC, GMA, The Early Show, and elsewhere"--
Abnormal psychology : the problem of maladaptive behavior
"From a pioneering researcher, this book synthesizes the best current knowledge on resilience in children and adolescents. Ann S. Masten explores what allows certain individuals to thrive and adapt despite adverse circumstances, such as poverty, chronic family problems, or exposure to trauma. Coverage encompasses the neurobiology of resilience as well as the role of major contexts of development: families, schools, and culture. Identifying key protective factors in early childhood and beyond, Masten provides a cogent framework for designing programs to promote resilience. Complex concepts are carefully defined and illustrated with real-world examples"--
Abnormal psychology and modern life
Personality development and psychopathology : a dynamic approach
Psychopathology of childhood and adolescence : a neuropsychological approach
Key concepts in psychotherapy integration
Psychopathology of aging
Developmental psychopathology. Volume 2 : Developmental neuroscience
Principles of abnormal psychology : the dynamics of psychic illness
The psychopathology of everyday life
Gene-environment interactions in developmental psychopathology
Abnormal psychology
Association between the Rorschach Ego Impairment Index (EII-2) and the Level of Personality Organization (LPO) interview assessment in outpatients seeking psychotherapy for depressive and anxiety disorders
Childhood aggression and violence : sources of influence, prevention, and control
A longitudinal study of behaviour and psychosomatic problems in children
Psychopathology and differential diagnosis : a primer. Vol. 1, History of psychopathology
Abnormal psychology : changing conceptions
Child abuse : implications for child development and psychopathology
Crazy like us : the globalization of the American psyche
The neurobiology of autism
Psychopathology and differential diagnosis : a primer. Vol. 2, Diagnostic primer
Fathers and developmental psychopathology
Parenting and psychopathology
Insanity : the idea and its consequences
Psychopathology from infancy through adolescence : a developmental approach
Symptoms of psychopathology : a handbook
The psychology of abnormality
Child pathology : diagnostic criteria and clinical assessment
Perfectionism : conceptual, emotional, psychopathological, and health-related implications
Research in psychopathology : selected readings
"Valeria Ugazio presents a new model of personality and psychopathology by examining four common psychological approaches (phobic, obsessive-compulsive, eating disorders, and depression) in the context of the family. She offers an intersubjective approach to personality, based on a constructionist conception of meanings that focus on the concept of "semantic polarities" (fear/courage, good/evil, etc). Each client who presents with one of the disorders discussed, the author argues, has grown up in contexts, in most cases families, where certain specific values and meanings predominate. In each family where a member has a different kind of disorder, conversation will revolve around a different set of values. A central tenant of the model is that meaning and its organizations are open systems, and thus susceptible to modification. Based on this theory, the author shows therapists how use semantics with their clients to help overcome symptoms"--
Prevention through political action and social change
Child and adolescent psychopathology : theoretical and clinical implications
Comprehensive handbook of personality and psychopathology. Vol. 3 : Child psychopathology
The facts of life
Diagnostic cultures : a cultural approach to the pathologization of modern life
A dynamic psychopathology of childhood
Lies!, lies!!, lies!!! : the psychology of deceit
Why can't I stop? : reclaiming your life from a behavioral addiction
Assessing adults with intellectual disabilities : a service providers' guide
Abnormal child and adolescent psychology
Child development and psychopathology
Advanced abnormal child psychology
The courage to love : selected papers of Edith Weigert
Locus of control : current trends in theory and research
Lev Vygotsky : critical assessments. Volume 4, Future directions
Ordinary magic : resilience in development
Emotion and psychopathology : bridging affective and clinical science
Developmental psychopathology. Volume 2, Risk, disorder and adaptation
Personal psychopathology : early formulations
Attention, development, and psychopathology
"At some point in our lives, we all engage in behaviors that are risky, irrational, or unwise. We might find it exciting and temporarily rewarding to gamble on the lottery or impulsively buy an expensive gadget. But just as substances like alcohol and narcotics have the potential to become addictive, so do certain behaviors. A person addicted to gambling, shopping, the internet, food, or picking at their skin may suffer shame in the shadows while their behavior consumes time and energy and disrupts their life. Some people with behavioral addictions lose their family, job, savings, and home. With a physical basis in the brain, behavioral addictions are serious illnesses--but simply willing yourself to stop is usually not enough. Why Can't I Stop? is for anyone who has a behavioral addiction, as well as their supportive families and friends. Examining seven of the most common and serious addictions--gambling, sex, stealing, internet use, shopping and buying, hair pulling and skin picking, and food--the authors bring together cutting-edge research to describe behavioral addiction, its causes, and how it can be diagnosed and treated. Featuring patient stories of behavioral addiction and recovery, as well as information about treatment centers, this compassionate guide will help readers better understand the complicated issues surrounding these addictions and teach family members how to help the addicted person while helping themselves"--
Developmental psychopathology and its treatment
Handbook of research methods in abnormal and clinical psychology
The political writings of Harold D. Lasswell
Psychoanalytic theories : perspectives from developmental psychopathology
The behavioral high-risk paradigm in psychopathology
The psychopathology of language and cognition
Psychiatry in the scientific image
The madness of epic : reading insanity from Homer to Statius
Adolescent psychopathology and the developing brain : integrating brain and prevention science
Battered wives : why are they beaten and why do they stay?
Clinical assessment of child and adolescent behavior
Genes on the couch : explorations in evolutionary psychotherapy
Felix Guattari : thought, friendship, and visionary cartography
A study of critical variables in the anxiety of schizophrenics by means of a structured clinical interview and a percept-genetic experiment
Clarifying the diversity of first-episode psychosis : neuropsychological correlates of clinical symptoms
Advanced abnormal psychology
Child and adolescent psychopathology
Multilevel dynamics in developmental psychopathology : pathways to the future
MMPI-2 : assessing personality and psychopathology
Addiction and responsibility
Dimensions in abnormal psychology
Psychopathology today : the current status of abnormal psychology
The theory and treatment of depression : towards a dynamic interactionism model
Psychopathology of childhood : a clinical - experimental approach
Psychopathology : research, assessment and treatment in clinical psychology
Abnormal psychology : current perspectives
Dangerous habitual criminals : a psychopathologic and sociologic study of 216 segregated criminals
Emotional eating and eating disorder psychopathology
Clinician's handbook of childhood psychopathology
Erosion : the psychopathology of self-criticism
Dancing among the maenads : the psychology of compulsive drug use
The psychopath whisperer : inside the minds of those without a conscience
Promoting the emotional well-being of children and adolescents and preventing their mental ill health : a handbook
Assessment and psychopathology issues in special education
Essentials of abnormal psychology
Theories of psychopathology and personality : essays and critiques
William James on exceptional mental states : the 1896 Lowell lectures
Psychopathology and substance abuse : clinical lessons from six Norwegian studies
Complexity of the self : a developmental approach to psychopathology and therapy
Child and adolescent psychiatry : a developmental approach
Surrealismus und Wahnsinn : Surrealism and madness
Psychopathology : the evolving science of mental disorder
Neurotribes : the legacy of autism and how to think smarter about people who think differently
Culture and psychopathology : a guide to clinical assessment
The maladapted mind : classic readings in evolutionary psychopathology
Contemporary readings in psychopathology
Language impairment and psychopathology in infants, children, and adolescents
Semantic polarities and psychopathologies in the family : permitted and forbidden stories
Behavioral genetics in the postgenomic era
Serious emotional disturbance in children and adolescents : multisystemic therapy
The decay of the American people : (and of the United States)
