http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7343 pathology
pathology
Colour atlas of veterinary pathology of the alimentary tract = Atlante a colori della patologia veterinaria dell'apparato digerente
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Dementia-related Structural Brain Changes on MRI: : A 30-year follow-up study
Jubb, Kennedy, and Palmer's pathology of domestic animals. Volume 3
Handbook of toxicologic pathology
Basic pathology
The surgical examination of children
Pathology for the health-related professions
Manual of histological techniques and their diagnostic application
Robbins and Cotran pathologic basis of disease
Dental pathology : a practical introduction
Pathology and pathogenesis of human viral disease
Practical guide to surgical pathology with cytologic correlation : a text and color atlas
Histopathology specimens : clinical, pathological and laboratory aspects
Essentials of cardiopulmonary physical therapy
Cytofluorometry : technique and applications
The Pathology of fishes
Rubin's pathology : clinicopathologic foundations of medicine
Intermittent versus continuous androgen deprivation in patients with advanced prostate cancer : the FinnProstate study VII
Advanced pathophysiology : application to clinical practice
Companion CD includes more than 50 realistic case studies and multiple choice questions.
Fascia research II : basic science and implications for conventional and complementary health care
Muir's Textbook of pathology
Self assessment of current knowledge in pathology
Essentials in hematology and clinical pathology
General veterinary pathology
Viruses detection in a wild plant, Arctium tomentosum, by siRNA deep-sequencing
Secondary neuropathology after experimental stroke : with special emphasis on calcium, amyloid and inflammation
Textbook of the special pathological anatomy of domestic animals
Pathophysiology and pharmacology for nursing students
Histopathology of the bone marrow
Journal of histotechnology
Pathology of laboratory animals. Vol. 2
Fetal and neonatal pathology
Viruses occurring in potatoes (Solanum tuberosum) in Mbeya region, Tanzania
Detection and characterization of viruses of sweetpotatoes (Ipomoea batatas L.) from Guatemala and Honduras
Introduction to veterinary pathology
Postmortal changes of the lung : a roentgenographic, microscopic and bacteriological follow-up study on a pediatric series and on animals with experimental pneumonia
Publications from the Department of Pathology, University of Helsinki 1982.
Handbook of immunohistochemistry and in situ hybridization of human carcinomas : vol 1 molecular genetics; lung and breast carcinomas
Pocket companion to Robbins pathologic basis of disease
Notes on pathology for small animal clinicians
Konservoituneiden vgrG -geenien vaikutus Pectobacterium atrosepticum -bakteerin virulenssiin perunalla = The affect of conserved vgrG genes to the virulence of Pectobacterium atrosepticum on potato
Anatomy, physiology and pathology : for complementary therapists: level 2 and 3
Histology for pathologists
An atlas of otolaryngic pathology
Covering the disease processes most frequently diagnosed with medical imaging, this 5th Edition provides the essential pathology knowledge needed to produce quality radiographic images. It includes a general overview of physiology, and covers disorders and injuries by body system with descriptions of the pathology, its radiographic appearance, and treatment. Now in full color, this reference includes the latest information on CT, MRI, SPECT, PET, ultrasound, and nuclear medicine, plus the always-popular Radiographer Notes with tips for digital imaging and patient care. Authors Ronald L. Eisenberg and Nancy M. Johnson provide complete preparation for the classroom and for clinical practice! Updated content prepares you for today's practice with the latest on morbidity, mortality, and epidemiology; invasive squamous cell carcinoma; scoliosis; joint replacements; chest tubes and lines; MRSA (antibiotic-resistant staph infection); systemic and highly infectious diseases; more on fusion imaging, CT, MRI, SPECT, PET and correlation with radiography; new CT/MR images for correlation with radiographs; and Radiographer Notes updated with digital imaging information.
Rosai and Ackerman's surgical pathology. Vol. 1
Stereology and morphometry in pathology : proceedings of the Second Symposium on Morphometry in Morphological Diagnosis held in Kuopio, Finland, September 7 - 9, 1983
Pathology
Practical dermatopathology
Pocket companion to Robbins and Cotran pathologic basis of disease
Cortical thickness analysis in early diagnostics of Alzheimer's disease
Pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 3
Thomson's special veterinary pathology
The complete portfolio of human anatomy and pathology : collection of 50 anatomical charts of human anatomy and pathology
Laboratory histopathology : a complete reference. Vol. 1
Learning microscopic pathology : scaffolding the early development of expertise in medical image interpretation
Clinical pathology
"Revised and updated for its Third Edition, Stocker and Dehner's Pediatric Pathology provides encyclopedic coverage of the diagnosis of pediatric disorders from the neonatal period through adolescence. It covers all major aspects of the pathologic anatomy of childhood disorders ranging from chromosomal syndromes and neoplasms to forensic pathology. Sections are organized by disease classification and by organ system. The book contains more than 1,300 gross and microscopic images, including 1,200 in full color. This edition includes a new chapter on transplantation pathology. Other highlights include significant updates in the areas of pediatric autopsy, imaging techniques, molecular techniques, embryonic and fetal wastage, congenital abnormalities, metabolic disorders, SIDS and forensic pathology, the placenta, and the nervous system"--Provided by publisher.
European journal of forest pathology
A systems biology analysis of PP2A functions in cancer cells
Timing of fungicide control of Gremmeniella abietina on Scots pine seedlings
Cells, tissues, and disease : principles of general pathology
Pathologic basis of disease
An introduction to radiography
Interaction between α-synuclein and tau pathologies in a mouse model of Lewy body dementia
Pathology of the heart
A text-book of pathology : an introduction to medicine
Atlas of ultrastructure : Ultrastructural features in pathology
Histotechnology : a self-assessment workbook
Essentials of human diseases and conditions
Study Guide and Workbook for Understanding Pathophysiology
The science of laboratory diagnosis
Issues in clinical epileptology : a view from the bench
Cytopathologic diagnosis of serous fluids
Forensic pathology
Potato leaf roll virus (PLRV), Potato virus Y (PVY), Potato virus X (PVX), Potato virus S (PVS), Potato virus A (PVA), and Potato virus M (PVM) are widely distributed in potato (Solanum tuberosum) all over the world. This study was conducted to establish if these viruses also infect potato in Mbeya region, Tanzania. A total of 219 potato leaf samples from 13 farmers' fields were collected. Of these, 20 samples were pressed on FTA cards. Samples were screened for viruses by Double Antibody Sandwich Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay (DAS-ELISA). Those which were pressed on FTA cards were further analysed by Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR). Virus-like symptoms such as yellowish-green mosaic, leaf rolling and vein necrosis were observed and recorded at the time of field sample collection. DAS-ELISA results suggested the occurrence of all six viruses in samples from Mbeya region. RT-PCR analysis confirmed the presence of these viruses except PVY. PVS and PLRV were the most prevalent viruses. Complete coat proteins (CP) encoding sequence of five viruses (PLRV, PVX, PVA, PVS and PVM) were sequenced. Blast searches detected presence of sequences in the GenBank sharing nucleotide sequence identities of 94%-100% with isolates of viruses sequenced in this study. The complete CP sequences of the aforementioned viruses from the current study were closely related with virus isolates from different countries. The Tanzania isolates of PLRV, PVX, PVA, PVS and PVM were each suggested to belong to the one group as well as one isolate. These results are important in seed potato multiplication systems in Tanzania for improving seed quality in the local seed potato chain, an important service currently lacking to potato farmers in Tanzania.
Lymphedema management : the comprehensive guide for practitioners
Rosai and Ackerman's surgical pathology. Vol. 1-2
Antigen retrieval techniques : immunohistochemistry and molecular morphology
Parasitology : an integrated approach
Modern surgical pathology, Vol. 2
Renal pathology in biopsy : light, electron and immunofluorescent microscopy and clinical aspects
Pathologic basis of veterinary disease
Modern surgical pathology, Vol. 1
Identification of pathogenic fungi
Pathology in gynecology and obstetrics
Advances in forensic human identification
Microtomy : microtome and its applications
Essential pathology
Histopathology of the skin
Forensic DNA analysis
Oral pathology for the dental hygienist
Essentials of autopsy practice : recent advances, topics and developments
Veterinary neuropathology
Seedling diseases of some important forest tree species and their management
Jubb, Kennedy, and Palmer's pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 2
Spencer's pathology of the lung. Vol. 1
Colour atlas of histopathology
Special veterinary pathology
Lectures on the comparative pathology of inflammation : delivered at the Pasteur Institute in 1891
Pathophysiology : Foundations of disease and clinical intervention
Clinicopathologic principles for veterinary medicine
Fatal flaws : how a misfolded protein baffled scientists and changed the way we look at the brain
Mechanisms of disease : a textbook of comparative general pathology
Pathology of laboratory animals. Vol. 1
Skeletal muscle : pathology, diagnosis and management of disease
Pathology illustrated
Physcomitrella patens as a model for studies on plant-pathogen interactions
Jubb, Kennedy, and Palmer's pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 1
Speech, voice, language and cognition in individuals with spinocerebellar ataxia (SCA)
Pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 1
Pathology of the human placenta
Hepatocyte and Kupffer cell interactions
Robbins pathologic basis of disease
Avidin-biotin technology and targeted treatment of malignant glioma
Gross pathology handbook : a guide to descriptive terms
Veterinary pathology
Heterotopic ossification in skin : special focus on multiple miliary osteoma cutis and the role of bone morphogenetic proteins
Essentials of Rubin's pathology
Summary.
Studies on the resistance of the strawberry powdery mildew (Podosphaera macularis)
Veterinary clinical pathology : a case-based approach
Essentials of pathophysiology : concepts of altered health states
Ioachim's lymph node pathology
Fundamentals of veterinary clinical pathology
Atlas and synopsis of Lever's histopathology of the skin
Pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 2
Rosai and Ackerman's surgical pathology. Vol. 2
The biology of disease
Surgical pathology and cytopathology
Histopathologie technic and practical histochemistry
Mitochondria in pathogenesis
Spencer's pathology of the lung. Vol. 2
The A to Z of pathology
Animal pathology : a concise guide to systematic veterinary pathology for students and practitioners
Preliminary observations on the occurrence of Ciboria batschiana (Zopf) Buchwald in the Czech Republic
Stocker & Dehner's pediatric pathology
Rosai and Ackerman's surgical pathology
Review manual to Henry's clinical diagnosis and management by laboratory methods : twenty-first edition
Laboratory histopathology : a complete reference. Vol. 2
Identifying human epithelial architecture genes with tumour suppressor functions
Patologia del coniglio e della lepre : atlante a colori e compendio = Pathology of the rabbit and hare : a color atlas and compendium
A colour atlas of veterinary pathology
Oxford textbook of philosophy and psychiatry
Robbins basic pathology
Comparative pathology of the heart
Pathophysiology made incredibly easy
Basic pathology : an introduction to the mechanisms of disease
Update on clinical pathology
Ophthalmic pathology : an illustrated guide for clinicians
Essential pathophysiology for nursing and healthcare students
Glossary of histopathological terms
Understanding disease prevention and pathology
PET and MR imaging in Parkinson's disease patients with cognitive impairment : a study of dopaminergic dysfunction, amyloid deposition, cortical hypometabolism and brain atrophy
As forensic human identification receives increased global attention, practitioners, policy makers, and students need an appropriate resource that describes current methods and modalities that have shaped today's policies and protocols. A supplemental follow-up to Forensic Human Identification: An Introduction, Advances in Forensic Human Identification covers advances in the most well-known scientific techniques and discusses new and developing subjects and modalities of human identification. A collection of contributions from worldwide experts, the book embraces a broad.
Hepatotoxicology
Publications from the Department of Pathology, University of Helsinki 1984.
The role of PME-1 in cancer : therapeutic implications
A dissection guide and atlas to the fetal pig
Radiographic pathology for technologist
Comprehensive radiographic pathology
Optical biopsy of uterine cervix using a multispectral imaging colposcope
