http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7348 patient security
patient security
Rehabilitation nursing : prevention, intervention, and outcomes
Safely positioning the surgical patient
Information security in distributed healthcare : exploring the needs for achieving patient safety and patient privacy
Clinical audit and quality assurance in the imaging process
This is the first undergraduate textbook to provide a comprehensive overview of essential knowledge, skill, and attitudes about safety in nursing practice. It reflects the six areas of nursing competencies as developed by the Quality and Safety Education Program for Nurses (QSEN) initiative, which are currently required content in undergraduate nursing programs. Using an inter-professional focus, the book addresses the fundamental knowledge required of entry-level nurses in each of the six QSEN areas: quality improvement, patient safety, teamwork and collaboration, evidence-based practice, inf
Medical innovation and bad outcomes : legal, social and ethical responses
Rad tech's guide to CT : imaging procedures, patient care, and safety
E-health and e-welfare of Finland : Check point 2015
Patient safety culture : theory, methods, and application
Expertise in health care and medication
Researching patient safety and quality in healthcare : a nordic perspective
Researching Patient Safety and Quality in Health Care: A Nordic Perspective is an anthology based on contributions from leading researchers on quality and safety in healthcare in the Nordic countries together with four internationally renowned patient safety authors. Research on patient safety and quality has been dominated by countries such as the USA, England, Canada, and Australia. This book addresses the current debates in research on patient safety and quality in healthcare from a Nordic perspective. What are the flavours of Nordic research within these topics? What does it add to the international research literature? This book illustrates the unique nature of researching patient safety and quality with the Nordic perspective as well as showcasing representative work. The book presents an overview of the status and evidence of international and Nordic research on quality and safety in healthcare. Four different perspectives are used to present the trends within the research field: a patient perspective, a methodological perspective, a theoretical perspective, and a clinical perspective. The book then presents the status of Nordic research in the field and displays a set of illustrative work and current research topics within the Nordic context, concluding with a discussion of the characteristic features of Nordic research on patient safety and quality in healthcare. The anthology presents an inter-professional perspective and researchers from disciplines such as medical and nursing sciences, humanities, social sciences and engineering. It is written to contribute to the patient safety cause with translational knowledge that will be useful to researchers, policy makers and healthcare managers within Nordic countries and internationally.
To err is human : building a safer health system
Abstract: Hospital-acquired infections (HAIs) present a substantial problem for healthcare providers. The aim of this final project was to improve the safety of patients and health care practitioners in Infection Disease Clinic in Helsinki University Central Hospital (HUCH). This final project was a part of improving asepsis during the preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy, a project conducted by the Metropolia University of Applied Sciences in collaboration with Helsinki University Central Hospital. The purpose of the final project was to describe the principles' involved in the preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy in the clinical setting. We conducted a systematic literature review of published studies that describe the principles of asepsis involved in the preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy in the clinical setting from 2005 to January 2012. From a total of 1135 publications, only eight papers (0.7%) described the guidelines specific to peripheral intravenous therapy. A further 3 articles were selected from the reference list. We described the guidelines from the perspective on preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy. Thematic synthesis of all text, figures, tables under the heading, key points, findings, results and discussion or conclusions reported in each included study was performed to develop descriptive and analytical themes. Eleven themes emerged. These themes were based on education of patients and health professionals, environment, hand hygiene, aseptic technique, skin preparation, Insertion of peripheral catheter, catheter-site dressing, maintaining sterile barrier, replacement of administration sets and peripheral catheters, documentation and performance improvement. The findings suggested that healthcare practitioners should always consider the patients as being susceptible. Standardization of practices will help reduce the risk of infection. Finally all health care practitioners must be educated to ensure that practices and procedures are adhered to and are consistent with day-to-day practices.
Patient's rights : informed consent, access and equality
Comprehensive tracheostomy care : the National Tracheostomy Safety Project manual
National reporting systems for patient safety incidents : a review of the situation in Europe
HIV and AIDS : testing, screening and confidentiality
Patient's autonomy, privacy and informed consent
Radiation protection in medical radiography
Handbook of human factors and ergonomics in health care and patient safety
Patient safety : an essential guide
Patient safety in emergency medicine
Focus on patient safety
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
"I think patient safety is a patient's right and our duty" : development of patient safety from a system perspective in specialized psychiatric care units.
Patient safety and managing risk in nursing
Purpose: To establish an understanding of patient safety within radiography education across Europe by  surveying higher education institutions registered as affiliate members of the European Federation of  Radiographer Societies (EFRS).  Method: An online survey was developed to ascertain data on: programme type, patient safety definitions,  relevant safety topics, specific areas taught, teaching and assessment methods, levels of teaching  and curriculum drivers. Responses were identifiable in terms of educational institution and country. All  54 affiliated educational institutions were invited to participate. Descriptive and thematic analyses are  reported.  Results: A response rate of 61.1% (n ¼ 33) was achieved from educational institutions representing 19  countries. Patient safety topics appear to be extremely well covered across curricula, however, topics  including radiation protection and optimisation were not reported as being taught at an 'advanced level'  by five and twelve respondents, respectively. Respondents identified the clinical department as the  location of most patient safety-related teaching.  Conclusions: Patient safety topics are deeply embedded within radiography curricula across Europe.  Variations exist in terms of individual safety topics including, teaching and assessment methods, and the  depth in which subjects are taught. Results from this study provide a baseline for assessing developments  in curricula and can also serve as a benchmark for comparisons.
Radiology has been transformed by new imaging advances and a greater demand for imaging, along with a much lower tolerance for error as part of the quality and safety revolution in healthcare. With greater emphasis on patient safety and quality in imaging practice, imaging specialists are increasingly charged with ensuring patient safety and demonstrating that everything done for patients in their care meets the highest quailty and safety standards. This book offers practical guidance on understanding, creating, and implementing quality management programs in radiology.
Summary.
The placebo in psychiatric drug trials
The human body and the law : a medico-legal study
Biomedical research and patenting : ethical, social and legal aspects : a roundtable conference, 14 May 1996
Innovating for patient safety in medicine
Learning from medication errors : an overdose of methotrexate in a hospital patient : why did a typical error of medication take place in our hospital?
Crisis management in acute care settings : human factors and team psychology in a high-stakes environment
New coding system for models of endoprosthesis ; translation: Mervi Moisander
Safety of dopamine agonists
An Educational Intervention for Nurses Administering Medications : Focus on Dysphagia Patients
Medication safety forms part of patient safety, but what about drug safety?
Staying alive : how to get the best from the NHS
Medication safety as part of patient safety : initiatives and research in Finland
Flow of Information When Transferring a Patient Between Hospitals : Issues in Patient Safety and Continuity of Care
Nurse's role in medical management
"This book focuses on human factors to explore the relationship between human behaviour and fallibility. It covers the design of systems and processes, environments, tools, tasks and technology which can help to positively improve a patient's safety and experience."--P. 4 of cover.
Welcome to practise in gastroenterogical wards : An Orientation Guide for Exchange Nursing Students
Treat me right : essays in medical law and ethics
An introduction to medical malpractice law in the United States and Sweden : the rights of patients
Ethical aspects of clinical trials involving acute patients : described in relation to the DANAMI-2 trial
Care skills for nurses
Self medication - part of responsible health care
Safe patients, smart hospitals : how one doctor's checklist can help us change health care from the insie out
Program design with Pascal : principles, algorithms, and data structures
Hazards in hospital care : ensuring patient safety
Reference manual for magnetic resonance safety, implants and devices : 2014 edition
Quality and safety in nursing : a competency approach to improving outcomes
Nursing care of the elderly : a literature review of nurses' challenge in pharmacotherapy of the elderly
Three years in force : has the Finnish Act on the Status and Rights of Patients materialized?
Mesoporous silicon particles designed for nanomedical applications
Detection and prevention of adverse drug events : information technologies and human factors
Abstract: The treatment of breast cancer as a patient injury.
Introduction to quality and safety education for nurses : core competencies
New medical treatments opportunities to improve care when adherence to treatment can be improved
The Finnish society for patient safety : actions to promote patient and medication safety
Summary: Promoting patient safety together: Finnish patient safety strategy 2009-2013.
Procedures in the office setting
Attitudes of perioperative personnel : a comparative research on safety culture and usage of surgical safety checklist
Digital communication in medical practice
Nurses' roles in preventing falls in elderly care settings
European journal of health law
Empirical Study of the Use and Exploitation of TAPE- Accident Reporting and Monitoring Program in Elder Care in Kouvola (accident project)
Workplace safety
Strategic corporate responsibility orientation for sustainable global health governance : pharmaceutical value co-protection in transitioning economies
Studies on filed and compensated claims for patient injuries
A management model for physical risks in the care work
Objectives  To find out patients' wishes for the content and sources of the information concerning radiological procedures.  Methods  A questionnaire providing quantitative and qualitative data was prepared. It comprised general information, dose and risks of radiation, and source of information. Two tables demonstrating different options to indicate the dose or risks were also provided. Patients could give one or many votes. Altogether, 147 patients (18–85 years) were interviewed after different radiological examinations using these devices.  Results  95 % (139/147) of the patients wished for dose and risk information. Symbols (78/182 votes) and verbal scale (56/182) were preferred to reveal the dose, while verbal (83/164) and numerical scale (55/164) on the risk of fatal cancer were preferred to indicate the risks. Wishes concerning the course, options and purpose of the examination were also expressed. Prescriber (3.9 on a scale 1–5), information letter (3.8) and radiographer (3.3) were the preferred sources. Patients aged 66–85 years were reluctant to choose electronic channels.  Conclusions  Apart from general information, patients wish for dose and risk information in connection with radiological examinations. The majority preferred symbols to indicate dose and verbal scales to indicate risks, and the preferred source of information was the prescriber or information letter.  Key points          95 % of patients expect information on the dose and risks of radiation.        Symbols and verbal scale are preferred to indicate the dose.        Verbal and numerical scales are preferred to indicate fatal cancer risk.        Patients expect information on course, options and purpose of examination.        Prescriber, information letter and radiographer are popular sources of the overall information.
Nursing-sensitive outcomes : state of the science
Facilitating orientation : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses Coming to Work in Nurmikoti Nursing Home
Information management in health care : a model for connecting information culture and patient safety
English summary: Medical research on humans : legal and ethical aspects on encroaching physical integrity in medical research.
Law reform and medical injury litigation
Geriatrics and the law : understanding patient rights and professional responsibilities
Health care professionals' knowledge and attitudes regarding patient safety and skills for safe patient care
Japan's dark side to progress : the struggle for justice for pharmaceutical victims of Japan's post war economic boom
HELP : easy to use pharmaceutical packaging
Drug information : a guide for pharmacists
Finnish society for patient safety - Actions to promote patient and medication safety
The Finnish national reports to the 13. Congress of the International Academy of Comparative Law, Montréal, 19-24 August 1990
A patient's right to know : information disclosure, the doctor and the law
Faculty of health sciences' research day symposium 2017 : effectiveness of health care : abstracts
The patient as partner : a theory of human-experimentation ethics
The purpose of the study was to explore a nurse's role in medical management and its implementation in clinical practice. Additionally, the purpose was to summarize medical management from a nurse's point of view. Further, the aim of the research was to increase student nurses' and newly graduated nurses' knowledge about the importance of careful medical management in a medical ward of a university hospital. Qualitative research method was used in the study. National guidelines defined by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Health were used as a foundation for the theme interviews. Data were collected with individual semi-structured theme interviews, which were conducted to four registered nurses working in the university hospital. Interviews were analyzed by using qualitative content analysis. Results show that medical management can be summarized into five main fields, which are safety, individuality in patient care and education, documentation, observation of medical care with evaluation, and challenges. Results prove that nurses' consider each field of medical management important and relate them to a nurse's role in medical management. Further, results indicate that improvements in the field of challenges would ease nurse's role in medical management having a positive influence on patient safety. As a conclusion, medical management requires multiple skills from a nurse. A nurse should be able to gather an overall view of everything which is related to a patient's medical treatment. A further study could concentrate more on challenges in nursing and medical management.
Human error in medicine
Medication-related adverse outcomes and contributing factors among hospital patients : an analysis using hospital's incident reports, the Global Trigger Tool method, and observations with record reviews
4th Nordic Conference on Research in Patient Safety and Quality in Healthcare Book of abstracts 19-20th May 2016, Kuopio, Finland
Journal Club, a Method to Implement Evidence-based Practice at  Nursing Work
Peripheral intravenous therapy : focus on asepsis : Systematic literature review
Understanding patient safety
Surviving your doctors : why the medical system is dangerous to your health and how to get through it alive
Patient safety management : available models and systems
Information about radiation dose and risks in connection with radiological examinations : what patients would like to know
Promoting patient safety together : Finnish patient safety 2009-2013
The illustrated guide to safe patient handling and movement
Patient Safety in Undergraduate Radiography Curricula : a European Perspective
An Educational Intervention for Nurses Administering Medication : Focus on Dysphagia Patients / Anna Mantere, Aino-Maria Oksanen
Quality and safety in radiology
Aspects on patient safety in intensive care unit : a literature review
Learning about patient safety in pre-registration nursing education : comparing Finnish and British nursing students' evaluations
Guidelines for the use of high alert medications and monitoring of medication errors in hospitals
SBAR : Tool for Quality Reporting for Nursing Students
Medication safety : a guide for health care facilities
Administering subcutaneous and intramuscular injections : theoretical background and an educational film
Surgical counts : don't make a case of it
To err is human : a survey of dispensing errors made by pharmacies in Finland
Using information from incident reporting system as part of developing patient safety.
Medical law : an introduction
Law and psychology
Peripheral intravenous therapy: focus on asepsis
Human factors in healthcare. Level one
Safe pharmacotherapy : national guide for pharmacotherapy in social and health care : an abbreviated version
Surgical draping : principles and practice
Adverse drug reactions reported in 2004 by symptom groups in Finland
