http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7354 sowing
sowing
The effect of sowing date on the initial development of paperpot seedlings in plastic greenhouse = Kylvöajankohdan vaikutus kennotaimien alkukehitykseen muovihuoneessa
Direct seeding of Pinus sylvestris (L.) in the boreal forest using orchard or stand seed
Sowing time affects the abundance of pests and weeds in winter rye
Dynamics of soil carbon and nitrogen in changing boreal environments
A study of factors affecting germination, establishment, and competition of the turfgrass species red fescue (Festuca rubra L. spp. litoralis Vasey), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), and Kentucky bluegrass (Poa pratensis L.)
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : case studies from Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Seed Enhancement and Seedling Production Technology : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
Lottie and Dottie sow sunflowers
Seeds in emergencies : a technical handbook
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : best practices and options for decision making
The effects of site and soil properties on the establishment and early development of Pinus sylvestris and Picea abies regenerated from seeds
Effect of outdoor production, slurry management and buffer zones on phosphorus and nitrogen runoff losses from Finnish farms
Seed quality effects on seedling emergence, plant stand establishment and grain yield in two-row barley
Amendments to the international rules for seed testing 1985 : as agreed on by the 22nd ISTA Congress in Edinburgh, July 1989 : valid July 1st, 1990.
Yield formation of spring rye at high latitudes with reference to seeding rate and plant growth regulation
Kylvö-lannoituskoneiden peittauslaitteiden ryhmäkoetus = Group test of seed treatment units of combined drills
In the boreal zone of Europe, differences between the four seasons are considerable. Also, the within-season variation in climatic conditions is substantial. This has many impacts on agriculture that are exceptional when compared to any other environmental zone in Europe. All the meteorological data were based on weather observations made by the Finnish Meteorological Institute. Likelihood (%) for soil frost (≤ 0 °C at 20 cm soil depth) at nine weather stations, and late snow cover (> 1 cm) (10 km × 10 km grid) were estimated for late spring. Probabilities (%) of night frost at the ground surface (March-September) were calculated at nine weather stations by frequencies of the lowest observed night-time temperature: a) between -2 and -5 °C (mild), b) ≤ -5 °C (moderate) and c) ≤ -9 °C (severe). Also, the probabilities (%) of night frost in mid-summer were estimated (≤ -1 °C for at least five hours). Furthermore, a significant shift from mild to below-freezing conditions was measured in winter as a period of at least ten days with daily maximum temperatures above 0°C followed by at least a 10-day period with daily mean temperatures below -5°C in order to characterize high fluctuating winter conditions. All these except late snow cover constitute high risks to crop production. Deep soil frost may postpone sowings, while in advanced springs, night frost may cause damage. For winter crops and perennials, shifts from mild to cold spells outside the growing season are particularly detrimental. Again the data may have many other applications beyond the assessments highlighted in this paper.
Nursery factors influencing containerized Pinus pinaster seedlings' initial growth
Farmland afforestation by natural regeneration and direct seedling of hairy birch and silver birch
Conservation agriculture : environment, farmers experiences, innovations, socio-economy, policy
Introduction of Rapid Turf in North America : an analysis of the marketing channel system
No-tillage seeding in conservation agriculture
Artificial forest regeneration techniques in Finland
Agricultural seed production
Ecology and management of grasshoppers (Orthoptera) of cereals in central Ethiopia
Near Infrared Spectroscopy as non-destructive method for sorting viable, petrified and empty seeds of Larix sibirica
Establishment of Norway spruce : effects of different harvesting treatments and microhabitats = Foryngelse av granskog : effekter av ulike hogstmetoder og mikrohabitater
The effects of site and soil properties on the establishment and early development of pinus sylvestris and picea abies regenerated from seeds
Threshers
The physiology of vegetable crops
Proceedings of the Vth International Symposium on Seed, Transplant and Stand Establishment of Horticultural Crops : intergrating methods for producing more with less : Murcia and Almeria, Spain, September 27 - October 1, 2009
Symposium on Timing of Field Production of Vegetables : Nyborg, Denmark, 27-31 July 1981
Machinery management : how to select machinery to fit the real needs of farm managers
Proceedings of the XXVIII International Horticultural Congress on Science and Horticulture for People. Proceedings of the International Symposium on Environmental, Edaphic, and Genetic Factors Affecting Plants, Seeds and Turfgrass : Lisbon, Portugal, August 22-27, 2010
Seed multiplication by resource-limited farmers : proceedings of the Latin American Workshop, GoiÃania, Brazil, 7 - 11 April 2003 ; [Latin American Workshop on Seed Multiplication by Resource-Limited Farmers]
Seeds of forest broadleaves from harvest to sowing
Soil management and conservation for small farms : strategies and methods of introduction, technologies and equipment : experiences from the State of Santa Catarina, Brazil
Seed policy and programmes in Latin America and the Caribbean : proceedings of the Regional Technical Meeting on Seed Policy and Programmes in Latin America and the Caribbean : Merida, Mexico, 20-24 March 2000
No-tillage and boardmill sludge : possibilities to diminish erosion and P losses from clay fields
No-till technology : benefits to farmers and the environment
Seed pathology. 2
FAO seed review. 1979-80
Maize and winter wheat production with different soil tillage systems on silty loam
Seed production : principles and practices
Mechanical direct seeding in Finland
Proceedings of the OSCAR Workshop : mechanized and efficient silviculture : November 25–26, 2015 Natural Resources Institute Finland, Suonenjoki Research Unit, Finland
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Seed, Transplant and Stand Establishment of Horticultural Crops : San Antonio, Texas, USA, December, 3-6, 2006
Planting and growing
Forest regeneration by nature and man : studies in boreal Sweden emphasizing genetic aspects
The essential guide to gardening techniques
Utilisation areas of seed sources
Agricultural and horticultural seeds : their production, control and distribution
Afforestation of marginal agricultural land in the lower Mississippi river Alluvial Valley,U.S.A
Seed trade in rural markets : implications for crop diversity and agricultural development
Towards effective and sustainable seed relief activities : report of the Workshop on Effective and Sustainable Seed Relief Activities, Rome, 26-28 May 2003 : edited by Louise Sperling, Thomas Osborn and David Cooper
The ecology of seeds
In the next few decades, industrial peat extraction will cease gradually over more than 80,000 hectares of cutaway peatlands in Ireland and alternative land uses will change the landscape of these areas. This study showed that substantial natural regeneration of downy birch (Betula pubescens) can occur on abandoned as well as cutaway peatlands afforested with conifers.Natural seedling birch stands measured in this study had an estimated biomass production of between 3100 and 5800 kg dry matter ha-1 year-1. This corresponded to an annual carbon stock increment estimated at between 1500 and 2900 kg C ha-1.Direct sowing experiments conducted in this study were the first of their kind in Ireland and showed that sowing downy birch and fertilization with P and K could be a possible management option for the after-use of cutaway peatlands.Exposure was the main obstacle to successful germination and artificial shelter led to higher rates of germination and survival of birch seedlings after the first winter. It can be concluded that birch (naturally or artificially established) can be a feature of this future landscape, bringing many attributes: nurse species, biomass, increased woodland cover and biodiversity..
Growing trees for farms, parks and roadsides : a revegetation manual
Volume yield to mid-rotation in pure and mixed sown stands of Pinus sylvestris and Picea abies in Sweden
Early establishment of Pinus sylvestris and Picea abies sown on soil freshly prepared and after stabilisation
Influence of sowing depth on emergence and development of cruciferous oil crops
Organic seed in the Nordic countries
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: III Frost and winter time fluctuation
Green manure/cover crops and crop rotation in conservation agriculture on small farms
Effect of outdoor production, slurry management and buffer zones on phosphorus and nitrogen runoff losses from Finnish cattle farms
Quarantine for seed : proceedings of the Workshop on Quarantine for Seed in the Near East, held at the International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA), Aleppo, Syrian Arab Republic, 2 to 9 November 1991
"This paper reviews case studies on smallholder seed enterprises in Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India, as well as relevant world literature in order to identify key issues that facilitate or constrain the development of the seed factor. The final section provides some guidelines on policy design and implementation to promote the development of sustainable seed enterprises at different stages in the evolution of national seed factors. It provides examples of good practices and hence seeks to assist governments in identifying ways in which they can support the development of smallholder seed enterprises that will provide the most appropriate varieties to smallholder farmers in their efforts to boost food production."--Provided by publisher
FAO seed review. 1984-85
No-tillage and boardmill sludge - possibilities to diminish erosion and P losses from clay fields
Quality management of forest regeneration activities
Quality declared seed system : expert consultation, Rome 5-7 May 2003
Larix sibirica Ledeb. is one of the promising timber species for planting in the boreal ecosystem; but poor seed lot quality is the major hurdle for production of sufficient quantity of planting stocks. Here, we evaluated the potential of Near Infrared (NIR) Spectroscopy for sorting viable and non-viable seeds, as the conventional sorting technique is inefficient. NIR reflectance spectra were collected from single seeds, and discriminant models were developed with Orthogonal Projections to Latent Structure - Discriminant Analysis (OPLS-DA). The computed model predicted the class membership of filled-viable, empty and petrified seeds in the test set with 98%, 82% and 87% accuracy, respectively. When two-class OPLS-DA model was fitted to discriminate viable and non-viable (empty and petrified seeds combined), the predicted class membership of test set samples was 100% for both classes. The origins of spectral differences between non-viable (petrified and empty) and viable seeds were attributed to differences in seed moisture content and storage reserves. In conclusion, the result provides evidence that NIR spectroscopy is a powerful non-destructive method for sorting non-viable seeds of Larix sibirica; thus efforts should be made to develop on-line sorting system for large-scale seed handling..
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Farm power and machinery management
Polymer coated turnip rape seed did not facilitate early broadcast sowing under Finnish growing conditions
Materials Management and Development : Case: Famifarm Oy
Farm machinery
Seed viability and vigour play important roles in seedling emergence, plant stand establishment and yield potential. The majority of cereal fields in Finland are typically sown with farm saved seed (FSS). If the quality of the seed is not known, there can be insidious yield reduction. This research was conducted to study the effects of seed quality on seedling emergence rate, seedling number and yielding capacity. The study comprised three-year field experiments conducted during 2007-2009, established at three sites: Jokioinen, Nousiainen and Ylistaro. Spring barley cultivars Saana (2007) and Annabell (2008-2009) were sown at rate of 500 germinating seeds m-2. Five seed lots were included as treatments: farm saved seed (FSS); downgraded seed <2.5 mm (FSS<2.5 mm); upgraded seed >2.7 mm (FSS>2.7 mm); upgraded seed >2.7 mm with disinfection (FSS>2.7 mm + dis); and commercial certified seed with disinfection (CCS). Up- and down-graded seed lots (FSS<2.5 mm, FSS>2.7 mm, and FSS>2.7 mm + dis) all originated from the FSS. Seedling emergence rate was measured from the time when coleoptiles started to break through the soil surface. The number of seedlings (3 × 1 m row per plot) was recorded at five-day intervals four times from the same rows. Plots were harvested at physiological maturity and grain yield (kg ha-1), hectolitre weight (HLW, kg) single grain weight (SGW, mg) and grain protein content (%) were recorded. Seed lots of CCS and FSS>2.7 mm + dis enhanced seedling emergence rate and increased the number of plants compared with other treatments. These two seed lots also produced the highest grain yield and had the lowest grain protein. Seed quality had an apparent effect on plant stand establishment and grain yield. A seed lot effect was evident despite identical targeted sowing rates that took into account germination rate and seed weight. Therefore, differences in seedling emergence and yielding capacity were likely outcomes of variation in seed vigour among the five treatments.
Effects of sowing time on pink snow mould, leaf rust and winter damage in winter rye varieties in Finland
Hinattavien 2,5 m:n kylvö-lannoituskoneiden ryhmäkoetus = Group test of trailed combined drills, working width 2,5 m.
Seed aging : implications for seed storage and persistence in the soil
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
The potential of birch afforestation as an after-use option for industrial cutaway peatlands
Handbook of seed physiology : applications to agriculture
Symposium on seed research in horticulture : flowers, vegetables, medicine and aromatic plants and spices, Angers, France, September 5-9, 1988
Rice seed health : proceedings of the International workshop on rice seed health, 16-20 March 1987.
An ecological study on effects of shelters on germination and germling development of Scots pine, Norway spruce and Siberian larch
Site-specific grasses and herbs : seed production and use for restoration of mountain environments
CRC handbook of transportation and marketing in agriculture
Summary.
Ecology and management of tef epilachna (Chnootriba similis Thunberg, Coleoptera, Coccinellidae) in Ethiopia
Engineering principles of agricultural machines
Seedling establishment and growth after direct seeding with Pinus sylvestris : effects of seed type, seed origin, and seeding year
The effects of ridging, row-spacing and seeding rate on carrot yield
Seed treatment
Establishment and management of tree plantations in southern Brazil : Finnish-Brazilian cooperation in forest research
Winter turnip rape in mixed cropping : advantages and disadvantages
Principles of seed science and technology
Effect of undersowing and green manuring on abundance of ground beetles (Coleoptera, Carabidae) in cereals
Seed technology and its biological basis
Forest regeneration on nutrient-poor peatlands: effects of fertilization, mounding and sowing
Seed policy and programmes for the Central and Eastern European countries, Commonwealth of Independent States and other countries in transition : proceedings of the Regional Technical Meeting on Seed Policy and Programmes for the Central and Eastern European Countries, Commonwealth of Independent States and other Countries in Transition : Budapest, Hungary, 6-10 March 2001.
