http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7359 music education
music education
Brain and body percussion : the relationship between motor and cognitive functions
"Experts in child psychology and pedagogy concur that how children are schooled today seriously conflicts with how they learn and develop. Children are being left behind and the promises and possibilities of childhood are slipping away. This book aims to disclose a deeper understanding of music's importance in children's lives and their need to know, explore, wonder, and play. Directed toward music teachers, teacher educators, and scholars, this text invites inquiries and provides insights into contemporary challenges to learning and teaching in an era of standardization. A compendium of essays, classroom voices and vignettes is supported by relevant research in music education and companion disciplines in psychology, philosophy, and sociology. Storytelling with scholarship contributes authenticity and strengthens the premise of this book." -- Publisher's description
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2009.. Nro 1 : Vol. 12
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2009.. Nro 2 : Vol. 12
Ability development from age zero
Studio-based instrumental learning
Musical education in Hungary
Music for early learning : songs and musical activities to support children̕ s development
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT, theory & practice
Kodály today : a cognitive approach to elementary music education
The Eclectic Curriculum in American Music Education : Contributionbs of Dalcroze, Kodaly, and Orff
A guide to research in music education
To a young jazz musician : letters from the road
International music education : ISME yearbook. Volume 1, 1973
"Critical education," culturalism and multiculturalism
International directory of approved music education doctoral dissertations in progress 1995
Embodiment in Dalcroze Eurhythmics
Music talks with children
Hear, listen, play! : how to free your student's aural, improvisation and performance skills
Brain integrative function driven by musical training during real-world music listening
Music education : is there life beyond school? : a response to David Elliot[t]
XIX Conference of the International Society for Music Education, Helsinki, Aug 7th - 12th, 1990.
Rhythm, music & education
Critical reflections on music education : proceedings of the second international symposium on the philosophy of music education june 12-16, 1994 University of Toronto
Gender lessons : girls and boys negotiating learning community in Basics of Music
Music education in Hungary
Some approaches to research in music education
Music education : international viewpoints
Music for all : teaching music to people with special needs
Playing music with the whole body : eurhythmics and motor development
Uke can do it! : developing your school ukulele program
The Oxford handbook of applied ethnomusicology
Introduction to music education
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2014. Nro 2 : Vol. 17
The music miracle : the scientific secret to unlocking your child's full potential
Two studies investigating the value of DJing for contemporary music education
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Report on the preparation and organisation of the XIX ISME international music education world conference 7.-12.8.1990, Helsinki, Finland
Musical creativity : insights from music education research
How do we develop musical creativity? How is musical creativity nurtured in collaborative improvisation? How is it used as a communicative tool in music therapy? This comprehensive volume offers new research on these questions by an international team of experts from the fields of music education, music psychology and music therapy. The book celebrates the rich diversity of ways in which learners of all ages develop and use musical creativity. Contributions focus broadly on the composition/improvisation process, considering its conceptualization and practices in a number of contexts. The authors examine how musical creativity can be fostered in formal settings, drawing examples from primary and secondary schools, studio, conservatoire and university settings, as well as specialist music schools and music therapy sessions. These essays will inspire readers to think deeply about musical creativity and its development. The book will be of crucial interest to music educators, policy makers, researchers and students, as it draws on applied research from across the globe, promoting coherent and symbiotic links between education, music and psychology research.
Music, technology and education : critical perspectives
The use of technology in music and education can no longer be described as a recent development. Music learners actively engage with technology in their music making, regardless of the opportunities afforded to them in formal settings. This volume draws together critical perspectives in three overarching areas in which technology is used to support music education: music production; game technology; musical creation, experience and understanding. The fourteen chapters reflect the emerging field of the study of technology in music from a pedagogical perspective. Contributions come not only from music pedagogues but also from musicologists, composers and performers working at the forefront of the domain. The authors examine pedagogical practice in the recording studio, how game technology relates to musical creation and expression, the use of technology to create and assess musical compositions, and how technology can foster learning within the field of Special Educational Needs (SEN). In addition, the use of technology in musical performance is examined, with a particular focus on the current trends and the ways it might be reshaped for use within performance practice.
Aural matters : A student's guide to aural perception at advanced level
Music education has historically had a tense relationship with social justice. One the one hand, educators concerned with music practices have long preoccupied themselves with ideas of open participation and the potentially transformative capacity that musical interaction fosters. On the other hand, they have often done so while promoting and privileging a particular set of musical practices, traditions, and forms of musical knowledge, which has in turn alienated and even excluded many children from music education opportunities. Teaching multicultural practices, for example, has historically provided potentially useful pathways for music practices that are widely thought to be socially just. However, curricula often map alien musical values onto other musics and in so doing negate the social value of these practices, grounding them in a politics of difference wherein "recognition of our difference" limits the push that might take students from tolerance to respect and to renewed understanding and interaction. The Oxford Handbook of Social Justice in Music Education provides a comprehensive overview and scholarly analyses of the major themes and issues relating to social justice in musical and educational practice and scholastic inquiry worldwide. The first section of the handbook conceptualizes social justice while framing its pursuit within broader social, historical, cultural, and political contexts and concerns. Authors in the succeeding sections of the handbook fill out what social justice entails for music teaching and learning in the home, school, university, and wider community as they grapple with issues of inclusivity and diversity, alienation, intolerance, racism, ableism, and elitism, or relating to urban and incarcerated youth, immigrant and refugee children, and, more generally, cycles of injustice that might be perpetuated by music pedagogy.The concluding section of the handbook offers specific and groundbreaking practical examples of social justice in action through a variety of educational and social projects and pedagogical practices that might inspire and guide those wishing to confront and attempt to ameliorate musical or other inequity and injustice. Consisting of 42 chapters by authors from Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, England, Finland, Greece, The Netherlands, Norway, Scotland, Spain, South Africa, Sweden, and the United States, the handbook will be of interest to a wide audience, ranging from undergraduate and graduate music education majors and faculty in music and other disciplines and fields to parents and other interested members of the public wishing to better understand what is social justice and why and how its pursuit in and through music education matters.
The vehicle of music : reflections on a life with Shinichi Suzuki and the talent education movement
Abstracts of the XIX World Conference of the International Society for Music Education, 7th - 12th August 1990, Helsinki, Finland
The Oxford handbook of social justice in music education
Development of a technique for identifying elementary school children's musical concepts
Music education in primary schools
Principles and processes of music education : new perspectives
Music in preschool
The Oxford handbook of children's musical cultures
Contemporary music education
Cultural diversity in music education : directions and challenges for the 21st century
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2014. Nro 1 : Vol. 17
Curriculum reform : reclaiming "music" as social praxis
MERYC2009 : abstracts [of the] 4th Conference of the European Network of Music Educators and Researchers of Young Children, 22-25 July 2009, Bologna, Italy
Journal of research in music education
Rather than relegating philosophical inquiry to moot questions and abstract situations, the contributors to this volume address everyday concerns faced by music educators everywhere.
Four centuries of music teaching manuals 1518-1932
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2016. Nro 1 : Vol. 19
The Musical Experience : Rethinking Music Teaching and Learning
The mismatch negativity and music education
The Oxford handbook of philosophy in music education
Facing the music : shaping music education from a global perspective
The inherent, the foreign, in common : documentation 1995.
First steps to ear training
Music with the under-fours
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2010. Nro 2 : Vol. 13
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2006.. Nro 1-2 : Vol. 9
International journal of music education
The teaching of music in nine Asian nations : comparing approaches to music education
Exploring sounds : creative musical projects for teachers
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2012. Nro 1 : Vol. 15
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Your musical child : inspiring kids to play for keeps
Extended Music Education Enhances the Quality of School Life
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2011. Nro 1 : Vol. 14
Music for people with learning disabilities
After Kodály : reflections on music education
Musicianship in the 21st century : issues, trends & possibilities
Listen out : international perspectives on music education : international perspectives on music education
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. Vol. 4, No 2
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2007.. Nro 1-2 : Vol. 10
Your baby needs music
Foundations and frontiers of music education
"This book is about the construction of gendered identities in the music technology classroom. It explores how gendered discourses around music composition and technology are constructed and how young composers position themselves within these discursive frameworks"--Introduction.
Inquiry in music education : concepts and methods for the beginning researcher
Intelligent music teaching : essays on the core principles of effective instruction
On the sociology of music education : papers delivered by the authors at the Oklahoma Symposium for Music Education in April 1995
Teaching for musical understanding
The development of the concept of music education in Estonian kindergartens, 1905-2008 : a historical-critical overview
International music education : ISME yearbook
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
Perceptual learning style as an influence on the practising of instrument students in higher music education
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2015. Nro 1 : Vol. 18
Third international conference on the role and place of music in the education of youth and adults : report
Report : a review of music education in Ireland : incorporating the final report of the Music Education National Debate (MEND - phase III)
Compulsory music course from an enterprise approach (pedagogical approach)
Why teach music?. Part 2
Theory reduction considered harmful?
The panopticon of music education : hierarchy, surveillance, and control
Learning from young children : research in early childhood music
Issues of identity in music education : narratives and practices
Music education research
Music education in the modern world : materials of the Ninth Conference of the International Society for Music Education
Give your child music
Music education : principles and programs
Music education as praxis : reflecting on music-making as human action : the 1997 Charles Fowler Colloquim on Innovation in Arts Education, University of Maryland, April 18-19, 1997
Kodály in the First Grade Classroom : Developing the Creative Brain in the 21st Century
Why teach music?. Part 1
Musical creativities in practice
This practical text helps student teachers develop their confidence, understandings and skills so that they can effectively and authentically teach arts in primary and middle school classrooms. Delivering Authentic Arts Education outlines the true nature of arts education and its importance in the curriculum, emphasising the arts as forms of creative activity, meaning-making and expression in a cultural context. Written in the context of the Australian Curriculum: The Arts, this new edition makes it easy for students to connect to curriculum documents. Chapters discuss how to recognise and build on your existing artistic abilities and pedagogical skills, how to encourage children's creativity, and the general principles of planning and assessment. It then examines the five arts areas: dance, drama, media arts, music and visual arts. The final part of the text contains sample learning activities and resources that demonstrate how to plan an effective lesson within a unit of inquiry. Practical tips, classroom 'snapshots', starter ideas and suggestions for programs show you the links between theory and practice so you can develop arts education experiences that are purposeful, stimulating and engaging for everyone.
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2013. Nro 1 : Vol. 16
Education for musical growth
The art of teaching music
Computer-aided ear-training : a contemporary approach to Kodály's music educational philosophy
Australian music education source book. 1
The analysis of listening strategies and musical focus of the 11- to 16-year-old learner
The thinking ear : complete writings on music education
Teaching of music
Music learning in Costa Rica : a postcolonial institutional ethnography
A zongora-improvizáció szerepe és széleskörű alkalmazása a barokk és jazz harmónia tanításában – egy doktori kutatás eredményei. = The role of piano improvisation in teaching harmony, using combined materials selected from the Baroque period and jazz standard repertoire: towards a comprehensive approach – main findings of PhD research
Foundations of music education
Music education international : Journal of the International Society for Music Education
The pedagogy of Lennie Tristano
Musiikkikasvatus = The Finnish journal of music education. 2011. Nro 2 : Vol. 14
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2010. Nro 1 : Vol. 13
International handbook of research in arts education
The young child and music : contemporary principles in child development and music education
Classic tunes and tales : ready-to-use music listening lessons and activities for grades K-8
Foundations and principles of music education
"Music and development - challenges for music education" : the proceedings of the First European Conference on Developmental Psychology of Music : 17-19 November 2005, University of Jyväskylä, Department of Music, Finland
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. Vol. 1, No 2
Music in cultural context : eight views on world music education
Technology and the gendering of music education
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Delivering authentic arts education
Breaking down barriers : teaching to learn and learning to teach in a music conservatory's outreach program
Music 3-5
The school music program : description and standards
In Hip Hop Genius, Sam Seidel introduces an iteration of hip-hop education that goes far beyond the usual approach of studying rap music as classroom content and looks instead at deeply honoring the knowledge of urban students.
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2012. Nro 2 : Vol. 15
Information about our experience in music-education and practical psychology for musicians, music-teachers and their students
Nurtured by love : the classic approach to talent education
This is a compendium of perspectives on children and their musical engagements as singers, dancers, players, and avid listeners. Contributors from around the world and a diverse array of disciplines provide an interdisciplinary enquiry into the musical lives of children in a variety of cultures, and their role as both preservers and innovators of music.
Research studies in music education
Music education & law : regulation as an instrument
In "Studio-Based Instrumental Learning", Kim Burwell investigates the nature of lesson interactions in instrumental teaching and learning. Studio lesson activity is represented as a private interaction, dealing with skill acquisition and reflecting a tradition based in apprenticeship, as well as the personal attributes and intentions of participants. The varied and particular nature of such interaction does not always lend itself well to observation or - when observed - to easy interpretation. This presents particular problems for practitioners wishing to share aspects of professional knowledge, and for researchers seeking to explain the practice. Focusing on a single case study of two clarinet lessons, Burwell uses video observations and interviews to analyse collaborative lesson activity, through the 'rich transcription' of performance, verbal and nonverbal behaviours. The foregrounded lesson interactions are also contextualised by the background consideration of social, cultural and institutional frameworks. The research is aimed at helping to create a framework that can support reflection among practitioners as they continually develop their work, not only experientially - through the tradition of 'vertical transmission' from one musician to another - but collaboratively, through the 'horizontal' sharing of good practice.
Teaching music : managing the successful music program
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
Auditory perception of musical sounds by children in the first six grades
Musiikkikasvatus = The finnish journal of music education. 2016. Nro 2 : Vol. 19
Music, communication, ideology
Music as a way of knowing
Music in education : proceedings of the Fourteenth Symposium of the Colston Research Society held in the University of Bristol, April 2nd-5th, 1962
101 music games for children : fun and learning with rhythm
Music lessons : guide your child to play a musical instrument (and enjoy it!)
Teen spirits : music and identity in media education
European perspectives on music education : the reflective music teacher
Music teachers' conceptions of cultural and music diversity : a case study at an international school in Nigeria
Making music and enriching lives : a guide for all music teachers
The rhinoceros in the classroom
Contemporary research in music learning across the lifespan : music education and human development
Design for understanding music
Looking forward : challenges to Canadian music education
Musics of the world's cultures : a source book for music educators
When music goes to school : perspectives on learning and teaching
Ear training : phase 1
Implementing improvisation and songwriting to aid the transition to adulthood for adolelescents with special needs : a case study
Composition in the classroom : a tool for teaching
Formulas from Finland and France : briefly of histories of music education
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2015. Nro 2 : Vol. 18
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2008.. Nro 1-2 : Vol. 11
Rhythm, music and education
In search of music education
Of knowing what we do does : reactions to the MayDay action ideal no. 5 and the colloquim papers
Rhythm music & education
Music education & law
Issues in music teaching
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2013. Nro 2 : Vol. 16
Hip-hop headphones : a scholar's critical playlist
On conceptualization of music : applying systemic approach to musicological concepts, with practical examples of music theory and analysis
Social inclusion as a therapeutic and educational factor in a music therapy setting
El Sistema : Music for social change
The Third International Seminar on Research in Music Education (Gummersbach, Germany, July 5-12, 1972) : Das Dritte Internationale Musikpädagogische Forschungsseminar (Gummersbach, 5.-12. Juli 1972)
Creating a musical school
Creative music in education
Bridging experience, action, and culture in music education
