http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7362 storms
storms
Thunder and lightning
The lost hero
Storm chaser : a photographer's journey
Hurricane!
The hurricane
Radar observation of clear air and clouds
Storm surges in the Odra mouth area during the 1997-2006 decade
In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery.
Stormy weather
Weather
Little Tim and the brave sea captain
Extreme weather
Object-oriented analysis and nowcasting of convective storms in Finland
Shipwrecked
Soggy the sailor
Hurricanes & tornadoes
The best dog in the world
What is a hurricane?
Tide of terror
Application of ant colony optimization for the risk management of wind damage in forest planning
Floods in the WHO European region : health effects and their prevention
Restoration of the naturalness of boreal forests
Encyclopedia of hurricanes, typhoons and cyclones
Restless skies : the ultimate weather book
Demons of the ocean
A Nantucket Christmas
What-the-Dickens
Applied plant anatomy
Chimp and Zee and the big storm
What is a tornado? / Robin Johnson
Drift modelling of dynamical magnetospheric processes
How the weather works
Effect of weather and climatological background on snow damage of forests in Southern Finland in November 1991.
Black flags and windmills : hope, anarchy, and the Common Ground Collective
Sea wolf
North of Nowhere
The New York Times book of natural disasters
Gracie the lighhouse cat
Arc and oval scale studies of auroral precipitation and electrojets during magnetospheric substorms
Crash landing
Current sheet disruption and substorm onset in the geomagnetic tail
Clumsy floodplains : responsive land policy for extreme floods
The onset of an auroral absorption substorm
The perfect storm : a true story of men against the sea
It must have been the mistletoe
Handling storms at sea : the five secrets of heavy weather sailing
El Niño in history : storming through the ages
Storm Thief
Living with storm damage to forests
Americans view their Dust Bowl experience
The atmosphere : an introduction to meteorology
The storm whale in winter
Highest mountain deepest ocean : a pictorial compendium of natural wonders
Catastrophes! : earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, and other earth-shattering disasters
Joint evaluation of storms, forest vulnerability and their restoration
Hurricanes and typhoons
Cyclone Gudrun in January 2005 and modelling its hydrodynamic consequences in the Estonian coastal waters
What are rainbows made of? : helping to explain how the weather works
A ship of war
Environmentally sound technologies for wastewater and stormwater management : an international source book
Trees against the wind
Robinson Crusoe : Adventures on the cursed island
The ship of ghosts
西北太平洋熱帶氣旋氣候圖集 = Climatological atlas for Northwest Pacific tropical cyclones
One windy day
China's elite politics : governance and democratization
Physics of space storms : from the solar surface to the Earth
Left for dead  : the untold story of the tragic 1979 Fastnet Race
Strom treasure
Comparison of evening and morning sector substorms using ground-based and satellite observations : differences between brightenings of growth phase arcs
Rushing waters
The weather of the future : heat waves, extreme storms, and other scenes from a climate-changed planet
Rosa and the special prize
The mark of Athena
Catechism of the laws of storms for the use of sea officers ..
Hurricane & tornado
Natural risk and civil protection
Typhoon and..
Diary of a wimpy kid. 6, Cabin fever
Left for dead : my journey home from Everest
Forest expertise of Europe
Nature's third cycle : a story of sunspots
Beyond the sea
Windstorm. 2, Practical risk management guidance for marine & inland terminals
Geomagnetic induction during highly disturbed space weather conditions : studies of ground effects
Spot activity of late-type stars : a study of II Pegasi and DI Piscium
Gulf Stream and ENSO increasing the temperature sensitivity of Atlantic tropical cyclones
Five days at Memorial : life and death in a storm-ravaged hospital
High risk
It’s the beginning of the 20th century and North Pole is yet to be conquered by man. Several teams are on the mission at once. The competition is harsh and the arctic is merciless. Which team will be the sole survivor and be remembered always as bold conquerors?
Illat meren rannalla : Nights in Rodanthe
Summary.
Kew after the storm : new research
How to look for a lost dog
The nature of violent storms
Just you and me
Extreme weather and climate
Race to the north pole
Unknown quantity
Badger and the great storm
Into the storm = Myrskyn silmässä
Eye of the storm
Natural hazards
Hurricanes and tornadoes
Storms and hurricanes
Gulf ports weather - the storm
Hiccup : the Viking who was seasick
Wild weather
Geomorphological hazards and disaster prevention
Hurricanes : their nature and history : particularly those of the West Indies and the southern coasts of the United States
Doppler radar and weather observations
Our affair with el Niño : How we transformed an enchanting Peruvian Current into a global climate hazard
The fierce little woman and the wicked pirate
Thursday Rainy Party
