http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7365 marking (activity)
marking (activity)
Comprehension of variable message signs for road conditions
Essays on the economics of environmental and sustainability labelling
Abstract: Marks made by a wolverine to establish its territory were recorded in 26 places along a track 7.5 km long in the Värriötunturi fell terrain, NE Finnish Lapland. One urination and 26 markings with secretion from anal glands had been made on coniferous bushes and trees, stones, a tussock and a dry stick.
Readings in modern dance : volume one
A review of research of market outlets for Nordic fishermen
Recommended nutrient reference values for food labelling purposes : report of a Joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation on Recommended Allowances of Nutrients for Food Labelling Purposes : held in Helsinki, Finland, 12-16 September 1988
Suomen rengastusatlas. I = The Finnish bird ringing atlas. Vol. I
Identification of forged ear-marks in reindeer
Usability in food labelling : heuristic analysis of selected food labelling translations
Marker genes : molecular tools for in situ monitoring of bacterial distribution and activity in environmental samples
Abstract.
In 2005 the Twenty-sixth Session of the Committee on Fisheries (COFI) adopted FAO Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, and at the same time recommended that FAO prepare international guidelines on the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland fisheries. In response FAO convened an Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries in 2006. After considering the initial draft Guidelines produced by the 2006 Expert Consultation, COFI, at its Twenty-seventh Session, recommended that FAO undertake further work in relation to the minimum substantive requirements and criteria for both marine and inland capture fisheries and in 2008 FAO convened an Expert Consultation to address these issues. The 2008 Expert Consultation proposed revisions to the marine guidelines and draft inland guidelines and it requested further clarification on definitions and scope of the inland capture fishery guidelines, especially in regards to enhanced inland fisheries. The COFI Sub-Committee on Trade (COFI:FT) at its Eleventh Session recommended that an Expert Consultation be convened to address these issues and the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI agreed that further work was needed. The Expert Consultation on the Development of Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries was convened in Rome, 25-27 May 2010. The Expert Consultation reviewed the Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries (Revision 1) adopted by the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI and published by FAO in 2009, the report of the Expert Consultation on the FAO Guidelines for Ecolabelling Capture Fisheries (2008), the report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries (2006) and a background paper prepared by an FAO consultant that synthesized main points from the above documents. The Expert Consultation reviewed and refined draft Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries for consideration by the Twenty-ninth Session of COFI. The draft Guidelines follow closely the structure, language and conceptual approach of the revised Marine Guidelines. Many changes to the draft Guidelines primarily relate to the scope and minimum substantive requirements for ecolabelling inland capture fisheries, especially regarding enhanced fisheries. Aquaculture and enhanced fisheries that are solely dependent on material originating from aquaculture were excluded from the scope of the guidelines.
Tekstiilien hoito-ohjemerkintä : sanalliset ohjeet : märkningstexter = Care labelling of textiles : care maintenance terms = Skötselmärkning för textilier
Are habitat loss, predation risk and climate related to the drastic decline in a Siberian flying squirrel population? A 15 year study
Nordisk marknadskontroll av personlig skyddsutrustning = Nordic market control of personal protective equipment
Tekstiilien hoito-ohjemerkintä : sanalliset ohjeet = Skötselmärkningar för textilier : märkningstexter = Care labelling of textiles : care maintenance terms
Report of the FAO Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products From Inland Capture Fisheries : Rome, 25-27 May 2010.
Elementary Labanotation assignments I-X : corresponding to Elementary Labanotation : a study guide
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Messenger package : integrating technology, design and marketing for future package communication : final report
Territory marking by a wolverine (Gulo gulo) in northeastern Lapland
Review of ecolabelling schemes for fish and fishery products from capture fisheries
Evaluation of the environmental effects of the swan eco-label : final analysis
Ecological Promises and Execution in hotel chains. Case: Restel Cumulus and Scandic
Salt content labelling of foods in supermarkets in Finland
This review is part of a process by the Fisheries and Aquaculture Department of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) to refine the minimum substantive requirements of the FAO guidelines for ecolabelling of marine capture fisheries, and also to consider whether a single set of requirements could be developed that was adequate to assess both marine capture fisheries and inland fisheries. Ecolabels in this context are the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) Type I environmental labels, and so are voluntary with certification based on third party assessment of the environmental effects of the product. The minimum substantive requirements are the measurable or operational requirements for assessing whether a fishery can be certified and an ecolabel awarded, and they relate to the management system, the stocks under consideration and the relevant ecosystem. This review summarizes the standards, requirements and practices for well-managed fisheries as applied through internationally-managed fisheries and through national management of fisheries. The standards, requirements and practices of existing fishery ecolabels are reviewed, including government-linked ecolabels, non-governmental ecolabels and seafood guides. Seafood guides are mostly ISO Type II or Type III ecolabels that provide self-declared claims or product descriptions against preset indices, and so are not strictly comparable to the ecolabels covered by the FAO guidelines. However, these guides are reviewed here because they are increasingly widespread, sometimes used in business procurement policies, a source of information on public expectations about sustainable fisheries and some use the results of third party assessments. The special requirements of the assessment of small-scale fisheries and developing countries fisheries are considered. The primary difficulty in relation to ecolabelling of these fisheries is also the primary difficulty with their management, generally that the cost of monitoring, assessment and management can be out of proportion to the value of the fishery and/or beyond the human and infrastructure capacity that is available. However, ecolabelling requires evidence that is verifiable and auditable through third party assessment. Methods to develop, test and apply proxies, empirical indicators and risk-based assessments are available and have been applied in both small-scale and developing state fisheries. While these assessment and management approaches have not been widely applied, and they require further development, they provide promising methods to manage fishery performance in circumstances where formal (statistical) estimation of stock condition is not possible. Inland fisheries often involve significant artificial enhancements and practices that are characteristic of aquaculture, such as species introductions and translocations, artificial breeding or feeding, disease control and animal husbandry, nutrient fertilization and intentional habitat modification. These practices are counter to the current norms and requirements of wild capture fisheries, which emphasize use of naturally occurring species and the maintenance of natural biodiversity, productivity and ecosystem processes. The importance of distinguishing between wild capture fisheries, enhanced fisheries and aquaculture in ecolabelling schemes is emphasized, because otherwise products with very different ecological impacts and performance standards could appear in the marketplace with the same ecolabel. Presently, the extent of aquaculturelike enhancements that would be acceptable in a capture fishery ecolabel is unclear, and this requires further development. But suggested interim criteria are provided for enhancements that are consistent with modern capture fisheries management and that could be acceptable in a capture fishery ecolabel. Based on this review, minimum substantive requirements are suggested for the FAO guidelines on ecolabelling of marine capture fisheries.
Animal marking : recognition marking of animals in research : [proceedings of the R.S.P.C.A. Symposium, London, 1977]
Elementary reading studies : as collected for the Study guide for elementary Labanotation
Dictionary of Kinetography Laban (Labanotation). Vol. 2, Examples
Equity offerings' initial and aftermarket price performance in finnish eqity market : empirical evidence from finnish IPOs and SEOs from 1997-2002
An introduction to Benesh dance notation
Nordic and Baltic shipping marks of sawn timber
Chinese standardization system and material selection for wind power generators
White man sleeps : creative insights
CE marking according to pressure equipment directive for recovery, biomass and power boilers in Andritz Oy
Inefficient pricing of subscription rights : new evidence from Nordic rights issues
CE marking, product standards and world trade
Marking of the forest reserve boundaries in the East Usambara mountains
Your Move : a New Approach to the Study of Movement and Dance : Teacher's Guide
Marked individuals in the study of bird population
"The book of environmental seals & ecolabels" : environmental awards in tourism : an international overview of current developments
Labanotation, or, Kinetography Laban : the system of analyzing and recording movement
Utilising mark-recapture data for Bayesian modelling of fish mortality
In this thesis work there is described the CE-process and product̕s Maturity steps in development process. It was noticed that the early phase of the CE-process design work should be developed towards more functional and modern phase. Reason for this development work was a huge person investment to product̕s plans and the expansion of the first steps of the CE-process. The base for the process renewal was new concepting process proposal. The target was to create more detailed concepting process, which defines working phases before the start of the CE-process. This concepting process was tested in new product̕s concept creation work. Result of this thesis was a description of the Pre E-1 concepting process. By this concepting process work also two new mechanics Maturity Steps were developed: MM-2 and MM-1. The result of these steps is to get more exact opinion for the functionality of the concept results.
Communicating the environmental performance of wood products
Codex Alimentarius - Food Labelling
Dance notation : the process of recording movement on paper
Forest certification in Finland; Metsä-Serla AG, Zürich -evaluation of the level and need of knowledge
The Austrian eco-label for tourism = l'ecolabel autrichien pour le tourisme
Dictionary of Kinetography Laban (Labanotation). Vol. 1, Text
Handbook of capture-recapture analysis
The Swan label from a consumer and environmental perspective : evaluation of the Nordic ecolabeling
Tags and tagging : creating meanings, organizing, and socializing with metadata : report on the <täky> project
Criteria in environmental labelling : a comparative analysis of environmental criteria in selected labelling schemes
Tekstiilien hoito-ohjemerkintä : sanalliset ohjeet = Skötselmärkning för textilier : märkningstexter = Care labelling of textiles : care maintenance terms
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, Rome, 14-17 October 2003.
Sutton movement shorthand. 1, The classical ballet key
Effect of heat-shock and bile salts on protein synthesis of Bifidobacterium longum revealed by [35S]methionine labelling and two-dimensional gel electrophoresis
RFID in logistics : a practical introduction
Motif at a glance! : a quick guide to motif description : the method of recording movement concepts
Proposals for new nutrition labelling formats
Product design of belt guard covers for flotation cells
Guide to the CE marking of structural steelwork
Forest certification and environmental labelling in Europe
Ecolabels in the tourism industry
Shelf space : modern package design 1945-1965
Rudolf Laban : an extraordinary life
Elementary labanotation : a study guide
Classic hand tools
Nordisk politik for maerkning af fødevarer = Nordic policy towards the labelling of foods
Quality assessment, usability and meaning-based translation of labels of foodstuffs imported into Finland
Nutrition labelling : Nordic recommendations based on consumer opinions
Awards for improving the coastal environment : the example of the blue flag
Pohjatutkimusmerkinnät : RT SGY-201 = Symbols for ground (site) investigations
Genetically engineered food : methods and detection
Management techniques for elasmobranch fisheries
The construction products directive : a practical guide to implementation and CE marking
Classification and labelling of petroleum substances according to the EU dangerous substances directive (CONCAWE recommendations - July 2005)
Proceedings of the 1st Meeting of the European Ornithologists' Union
Innovations in food labelling
GEM and Ornamental Materials of Organic Origin
RFID handbook : applications, technology, security, and privacy
A primer for movement description : using Effort-Shape and supplementary concepts
RFID technology and applications
Guide to the implementation of directives based on the new approach and the global approach
Suomen rengastusatlas = The Finnish bird ringing atlas. II
Summary (s. 8-9).
Marking one-summer old whitefish with fluorescent pigment spraying method and results of whitefish stockings in the Gulf of Bothnia
Environmental and social standards, certification and labelling for cash crops
Labanotation workbook. 1, Part I
Tagging of cod (Gadus morhua) in Icelandic waters 1948-1986 and tagging of haddock (Gadus aeglefinus) in Icelandic waters 1953-1965
Kuumavalssatut teräsrakenteet  = Hot rolled products of structural steels. Osa 1 = Part 1, Yleiset tekniset toimitusehdot = General Technical delivery conditions
The human animal in Western art and science
Camel brands and graffiti from Iraq, Syria, Jordan, Iran and Arabia
Consists of 52 essays by 51 authors, each describing a single book from an institutional or private collection.
Food labelling : complete texts
Other people's books : association copies and the stories they tell
