http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7360 whirlwinds
whirlwinds
Natural disasters and how we cope
Wild weather
Hurricane!
Hurricanes and typhoons
Catastrophes! : earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, and other earth-shattering disasters
What lies beneath : Katrina, race, and the state of the nation
The Magic School Bus inside a Hurricane
Changes in frequency of Baltic Sea cyclones and their relationships with NAO and climate in Estonia
HURRICANES AND TYPHOONS
Climatology of cyclones with a southern origin, and their influence on air temperature and precipitation in Estonia
Hurricanes : their nature and history - particularly those of their West Indies and the Southern Coasts of the United States
In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery.
"In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery."
Encyclopedia of disasters : environmental catastrophes and human tragedies
Floods in the WHO European region : health effects and their prevention
Cyclone Gudrun in January 2005 and modelling its hydrodynamic consequences in the Estonian coastal waters
What it's like : to climb Mount Everest, blast off into space, survive a tornado, and other extraordinary stories
World atlas of natural hazards
Hurricanes
Earth shock : climate, complexity and the forces of nature
The mark of Athena
Hurricane Andrew : ethnicity, gender and the sociology of disasters
Building resilience : social capital in post-disaster recovery
The world's weather
Disaster mental health : around the world and across time
Unknown quantity
On the loose : a novel
Hurricanes their nature and impacts on society
Storm chasers
Divine wind : the history and science of hurricanes
Beasts of the Southern Wild
Stormy weather
Earthshock : hurricanes, volcanoes, earthquakes, tornadoes and other forces of nature
Storm chaser : a photographer's journey
The tornado chasers
The social life of climate change models : anticipating nature
What is a tornado? / Robin Johnson
Storms and hurricanes
El Niño : fact and fiction
Whirlwind : the third magnificently secret diary of Martha Grimstone
Heavy weather guide
Encyclopedia of hurricanes, typhoons and cyclones
A student guide to climate and weather. 3, Cyclones, hurricanes, and tornadoes
Hurricanes and tornadoes
Human response to tropical cyclone warnings and their content
What is a hurricane?
Nature's fury
The lost hero
Hurricanes : their nature and history : particularly those of the West Indies and the southern coasts of the United States
Hurricane & tornado
Restless skies : the ultimate weather book
The perfect storm : a true story of men against the sea
