http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7372 prerogatives
prerogatives
Employment in the lean years : policy and prospects for the next decade
Privilege and liberty and other essays in political philosophy
Before copyright : the French book-privilege system 1498-1526
Human rights and climate change
Vulnerability and human rights
Protection of minorities in Bangladesh : a legal assessment
Diplomatic immunity : principles, practices, problems
Indigenous peoples rights and conflict-situation in the oil-producing states of Nigeria : the globalization connection and activities of the multinationals
The exhaustion of local remedies rule as a prerequisite for diplomatic protection
Health equity, social justice, and human rights
Citizenship : rights, struggle and class inequality
Inequality, globalization, and world politics
A call to conscience : the landmark speeches of dr. Martin Luther King, jr
Features three twelfth-century surveys and thirty charters, relating to the estates of Shaftesbury Abbey, which was the richest nunnery in England. These documents provide a significant contribution to our understanding of economic, social and monastic life in twelfth-century England.
The immunity of states and their officials in international criminal law
Moral geographies : ethics in a world of difference
Diplomatic protection
Beyond the workfare state : labour markets, equalities and human rights
Textbook on international human rights
Social inequality and social injustice : a human rights perspective
Sport and development
State immunity : an analytical and prognostic view
Modern diplomatic law
The killing fields of inequality
The unheard truth : poverty and human rights
The rise and fall of economic justice and other papers
Stealing innocence : child marriage and gender inequality in Pakistan
Mainstreaming equality and non-discrimination in theory and practice : experiences from the Join In Project
"Guy Standing's immensely influential 2011 book introduced the Precariat as an emerging mass class, characterized by inequality and insecurity. Standing outlined the increasingly global nature of the Precariat as a social phenomenon, especially in the light of the social unrest characterized by the Occupy movements. He outlined the political risks they might pose, and at what might be done to diminish inequality and allow such workers to find a more stable labour identity. His concept and his conclusions have been widely taken up by thinkers from Noam Chomsky to Zygmunt Bauman, by political activists and by policy-makers.
A precariat charter : from denizens to citizens
China today, China tomorrow : domestic politics, economy, and society
Understanding Human Need : social issues, policy and practice
"Kate Parlett's study of the individual in the international legal system examines the way in which individuals have come to have a certain status in international law, from the first treaties conferring rights and capacities on individuals through to the present day. The analysis cuts across fields including human rights law, international investment law, international claims processes, humanitarian law and international criminal law in order to draw conclusions about structural change in the international legal system. By engaging with much new literature on non-state actors in international law, she seeks to dispel myths about state-centrism and the direction in which the international legal system continues to evolve"--
International organizations and their host states : aspects of their legal relationship
Down trodden : the struggle of India's Dalits for identity, solidarity and liberation
Michael's eyes : the war against the Ugandan child
Collected papers
The special regime of diplomatic immunities in international law : Challenging the efficiency of the self-contained regime of countermeasures
Brownlie's principles of public international law
Multiculturalism and minority rights in the Arab world
Privilege in the modern context = Privilège dans un contexte moderne
A history of inequality in South Africa 1652-2002
Human development report 2009 Overcoming barriers : human mobility and development
When country dwellers became staple town burghers : the establishment of the first export sawmill in eastern Finnish hinterland and the granting of privileges to the export sawmill industry of Savo in the 1760's and 1770's
Charters and custumals of Shaftesbury Abbey, 1089-1216
A theory of justice
Legal deposit copies of Russian publications
Inequality is not just about the size of our wallets. It is a socio-cultural order which, for most of us, reduces our capabilities to function as human beings, our health, our dignity, our sense of self, as well as our resources to act and participate in the world. This book shows that inequality is literally a killing field, with millions of people dying premature deaths because of it. These lethal effects of inequality operate not only in the poor world, but also, and increasingly, in rich countries, as Therborn demonstrates with data ranging from the US, the UK, Finland and elsewhere. Even when they survive inequality, millions of human lives are stunted by the humiliations and degradations of inequality linked to gender, race and ethnicity, and class. But this book is about experiences of equalization too, highlighting moments and processes of equalization in different parts of the world - from India and other parts of Asia, from the Americas, as well as from Europe. South Africa illustrates the toughest challenges. The killing fields of inequality can be avoided: this book shows how.
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
The human rights approach to social protection
Multilingialism and book statistics
In our rapidly globalising age with economic growth occurring in almost every corner of the world, it is easy to forget that more than one billion people still live on less than one dollar a day. Poverty is the worst human rights crisis in the world today, denying millions of people their most basic rights. Enriched by compelling photographs from across the world, "The Unheard Truth" argues that poverty remains a global epidemic because we continue to define it as an economic problem whose only solution is foreign aid and investment. Irene Khan calls for a re-evaluation of this long-standing assumption to turn us towards confronting poverty as a human rights violation. Empowering the poor with basic rights of security is our only chance for eradicating poverty and giving freedom and dignity to those who have never experienced it.
Written constitutions : a computerized comparative study
The politics of fiscal privilege in Provence, 1530s−1830s
A diplomat's handbook of international law and practice
Outrage : the abuse of diplomatic immunity
Intersectionality and beyond : law, power and the politics of location
Diplomatic privileges and immunities in Finland : a guide for foreign missions
Employers' prerogatives : in a European and Nordic perspective
The application of the rule of exhaustion of local remedies in international law : its rationale in the international protection of individual rights
"In the relatively open and flexible international system of the 21st century, the formal status of entities may seem to have little significance. Whether an individual is a direct right-bearer or an indirect beneficiary of an inter-state obligation may seem to be a distinction without a difference for the operation of the primary rules of international law: either way, the individual benefits from some substantive right, held either directly or through its state of nationality. But when it comes to the operation of secondary rules, the distinction assumes practical significance"--
Half the sky : turning oppression into opportunity for women worldwide
Controversial issues in a disabling society
Essays on international law : in honour of Krishna Rao
Urban social exclusion in the European Union : concepts, causes and prospects
Sex and revolution : women in socialist Cuba
The law of international responsibility
International immunities
The individual in the international legal system : state-centrism, history and change in international law
Review of the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action : women and the economy ; Reconciliation of work and family life as a condition of equal participation in the labour market : main findings
Diplomatic law : commentary on the Vienna convention on diplomatic relations
Sharia law for the non-muslim
Protection of officials of foreign states according to international law
Living in dignity in the 21st century : poverty and inequality in societies of humant rights : the paradox of democracies
Crimes against internationally protected persons : prevention and punishment : an analysis of the UN convention
This new book takes the debate a stage further-looking in more detail at the kind of progressive politics that might form the vision of a Good Society in which such inequality, and the instability it produces is reduced. A Precariat Charter discusses how rights - political, civil, social and economic - have been denied to the Precariat, and at the importance of redefining our social contract around notions of associational freedom, agency and the commons. The ecological imperative is also discussed - something that was only hinted at in Standing's original book but has been widely discussed in relation to the Precariat by theorists and activists alike"--
International organizations before national courts
Redefining and combating poverty : human rights, democracy and common goods in today's Europe
The law of state immunity
Diplomatic privileges and immunities in Finland
Diplomatic law : commentary on the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations
The rich world and the impoverishment of education : diminishing democracy, equity and workers' rights
International law and international relations
"Important links between health and human rights are increasingly being recognised and human rights can be viewed as one of the social determinants of health. Furthermore, a human rights framework provides an excellent foundation for advocacy on health inequalities, a value-based alternative to views of health as a commodity, and the opportunity to move away from public health action being based on charity. This text aims to demystify the complexity of systems for the protection and promotion of human rights globally, regionally and nationally. It explores the use and usefulness of rights-based approaches as an important part of the tool-box available to health and welfare professionals and community members working in a variety of settings to improve health and reduce health inequities. Global in its scope, Health Equity, Social Justice and Human Rights presents examples from all regions of the world to illustrate the successful use of human rights approaches in fields such as HIV/AIDS, improving accessibility to essential drugs, reproductive health, women's health, and improving the health of marginalised and disadvantaged groups. Understanding human rights and their interrelationships with health and health equity is essential for public health and health promotion practitioners, as well as being important for a wide range of other health and social welfare professionals. This text is valuable reading for students, practitioners and researchers concerned with combating health inequalities and promoting social justice"--Provided by publisher.
The human rights handbook : a global perspective for education
Politics as usual : what lies behind the pro-poor rhetoric
Diplomatic privileges and immunities in Finland : December 2014.
Power, postcolonialism, and international relations : reading race, gender, and class
State and diplomatic immunity
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Why did the Turku Academy Library obtain the legal deposit privilege in 1707?
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Introduction to criminal law
Boundaries and categories : rising inequality in post-socialist urban China
The International Law Commission 1949-1998. Vol. 1, The Treaties, Part 1
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Search for security : United States citizens in the Far East, 1890-1906 : a comparative study of problems related to safeguarding Americans in China and Japan
Uncle Tom's cabin
