http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7371 deserts
deserts
Earth : our planet from space : pictures of an endangered world
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 5
You are here : around the world in 92 minutes
Desertification and development : dryland ecology in social perspective
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 13
Rebel of the Sands
Desert : photographs of Magnum Photos : photographiés de Magnum Photos : fotografien von Magnum Photos = déserts = Die Wüste
Deserts and wastelands
Droughts
Human planet : nature's greatest human stories
Techniques for desert reclamation
The last camel died at noon
Extreme weather
The Negev : the challenge of a desert
Incredible earth
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 2
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 8
How to survive in the desert
The woman who rides like a man
A survey of methods for analysing groundwater recharge in arid and semi-arid regions
The Sonoran desert
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 6
The salt road
Arid zone geomorphology : process, form and change in drylands
The ark
The biology of deserts
Vegetation of southern Africa
Deserts and desert environments
Desert Coral. 1
The desert
Dryland ecosystems support a surprising amount of biodiversity; desertification, however, is a significant land degradation problem in the arid, semi-arid and dry sub-humid regions of the world. The situation is likely to worsen with high population growth rates and accompanying land-use conflicts. The contributions to this publication, an international scientific conference held under the leadership of UNESCO, address these issues and offer practical solutions for combating desertification along with conserving and sustainably managing dryland ecosystems. This volume documents how improved understanding of drylands provides insight into the health and future prospects of these ecosystems that should help ensure that dryland communities enjoy a sustainable future.--Publisher's description.
Walking home from Mongolia : ten million steps through China, from the Gobi Desert to the South China Sea
In the scorching Nevada desert during the Burning Man festival, a small town boy meets a Gypsy girl, when both are at crossroads in their lives.
Gold fame citrus
Atlas of the world's deserts
Hotan : soul of desert
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 7
Here is my secret
Geomorphological studies in the forest and savanna areas of Cameroon : an interim report of the Tropical African Geomorphology Research Project 1975/76
Current ornithology. Vol. 16
Studies of playas in the Western Desert of Egypt
Who killed Palomino Molero
People of the deserts
Desert rose and her highfalutin hog
Ecology of North America
Why oh why are deserts dry?
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 4
More than grains of sand : a photo companion to the attractions of the Namib Desert : a walk on the wildside in western Namibia
Comparative physiology of desert animals : the proceedings of a symposium held at the Zoological Society of London on 15 and 16 July, 1971
Geomorphology and environmental changes in the Forest and Savanna Cameroon : a preliminary report of the Tropical African Geomorphology and Late-Quaternary Palaeoenvironments Research Project 1980/81
Biogeography and ecology of Turkmenistan
Wildland shrubs : symposium and workshop : proceedings
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 3
Great warm deserts of the world : landscapes and evolution
Desert tourism : tracing the fragile edges of development / edited by Virginie Picon-Lefebvre with Aziza Chaouni
The voices / Susan Elderkin
Soil ciliates (Protozoa, Ciliophora) from Namibia (Southwest Africa), with emphasis on two contrasting environments, the Etosha Region and the Namib Desert. Part 2, Photographs
Arid ecosystems interactions : recommendations for drylands research in the global change research programs
The arid zones
The Sahara is cold at night and other questions about deserts
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 12
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 16
Beyond the reach
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 9
Geomorphology and global environmental change
Deserts : the encroaching wilderness
A practical guide to soil lichens and bryophytes of Australia's dry country
Glossary of terms on desert environment and land reclamation : publications of the 23rd International Geographical Congress = Slovar' terminov åp prirodnym uslovijam i osvoeniju pustyn' : materialy 23. Meždunarodnogo geografičeskogo kongressa
Harvesting Condensed Water in Dry Areas
Impressions of the Sahara
Scenic splendor of China
Desert development : proceedings of the second international desert development conference held on 25-31 January in Cairo, Egypt. Part 1, Desert agriculture, ecology and biology
Of sand & malice made
Soil ciliates (Protozoa, Ciliophora) from Namibia (Southwest Africa), with emphasis on two contrasting environments, the Etosha Region and the Namib Desert. Part 1, Text and line drawings
Proceedings of the East Mojave Desert Symposium, 7-8 November 1992, University of California, Riverside
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 10
Shrubs and trees of the Southwest deserts
Desert sedimentary environments
Pathfinder flip-mat : Desert ruins
Long-term ecological research : an international perspective
Spiders of the Kalahari
Desert wild flowers of North America
The hospitable desert
Geomorphology of desert environments
That naughty meerkat!
Geomorphology of desert dunes
Living and non-living in the desert
Sustainable development of tourism in deserts : guide for decision makers
The future of drylands : International Scientific Conference on Desertification and Drylands Research,Tunis, Tunisia, 19-21 June 2006
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 11
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 17
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 1
A Field guide to biological soil crusts of western U. S. drylands : common lichens and bryophytes
Lichens of the Namib Desert : a guide to their identification
Earth matters
Avian biology. 1
Point Omega
Rebel of the sands
Desert ground covers and vines
The devil's tomb
Desert rats : three of the best North African desert war commando comic book adventures
World war II desert tactics
Twelve kings in Sharakhai
