http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7374 everyday life
everyday life
Children's and parents' experiences on everyday life and the home/work balance in Finland
How to integrate international students into private and business life in Ylivieska region
The walking man
How to be a Victorian
Ancient Rome : facts at your fingertips
China's golden age : everyday life in the Tang dynasty
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
What if? : serious scientific answers to absurd hypothetical questions
My days out
China focus 2002-2003
Downside up
This book offers new interpretations of the cultural and historical roles of photography in Africa. Twelve leading scholars look at early photographs, important photographers' studios, the uses of portraiture in the 19th century, and the current passion for portraits in Africa. They review a variety of topics, including what defines a common culture of photography, the social and political implications of changing technologies for portraiture, and the lasting effects of culture on the idea of the person depicted in the photographic image
The environment in contexts : environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Information technology and everyday life in ageing rural villages
Portraiture & photography in Africa
Everyday life in the modern world
Precarious everyday agency
Writing about everyday beauty in a northern village : an argument for diversity of habitable places
Life in the medieval cloister
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Richard Scarry's just right word book
The choreography of everyday life : a missing brick in the general evolution theory
Sociology : exploring the architecture of everyday life
The armchair economist : economics and everyday life
Getting (more of) what you want : how the secrets of economics and psychology can help you negotiate anything, in business and in life
Disclosure of the everyday : undramatic achievement in narrative film
Houses and homes around the world
Alfie gets in first
Underground time
Diamond Dust : and Other Stories
Sonic wonderland : a scientific odyssey of sound
Dirty old London : the Victorian fight against filth
The list of my desires
Under the Tuscan sun : at home in Italy
On heuristic hybrid methods and structured point sets in global continuous optimization
One hundred years ago, missionary Hilja Heiskanen brought the first Tibetan  and Bhutanese museum collections to Finland.1 The first collection was acquired  by the National Museum in 1908, the second in 1912. At the beginning of the  20th century, Miss Heiskanen worked in the Baxa Duar and Darjeeling districts  in India for nine years in all as a member of the Scandinavian Alliance Mission,  whose original initiative was to convert Tibetans. This interest can be seen in the  contents of the two collections. Heiskanen grouped the 65 items included in the  first collection as Religious items from Tibet, with additions of Bhutanese, Tibetan  and Hindu items.2 The second collection is larger, 121 numbers, and, according to  the description given by Heiskanen, it consists mainly of various Tibetan items.3  Some of these objects are presented in this paper. According to the theme of  the workshop Himalayan Nature: Representations and Reality held in Helsinki in  March 2008, items made of organic material, mostly of plant parts, are examined  more closely. This means a group of various objects and samples from ritual  items, such as incense, to the non-sacral utility goods, like sheep fat and samples  of foodstuffs. The main effort has been in identifying the natural materials as far  as possible, and, secondly, to give a short description of the customary use of the  chosen items. Thus the purpose has been to contextualize particular items into  particular cultural environments. Natural materials and the items made of them  can and do draw connecting links into wider cultural contexts concerning many  layers of life.
The amazing history of castles & knights
Mundane reason : reality in everyday and sociological discourse
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
The Great War diaries : accompanies the astonishing BBC TV series
Dutch prints of daily life : mirrors of life or masks of morals
City of lies : love, sex, death and the search for truth in Tehran
Temporalities, autobiography, and everyday life
South Africa
Bittersweet : everyday life and nostalgia for the 1950s
The book thief
Provides tips, tricks, and skills to help young readers take control of their lives and make the journey to adulthood a fulfilling one
Voice Your voice hear : public sphere and civic manners in everyday life of post-Soviet Russia
To Afghanistan and back : a graphic travelogue
My shadow in the distance
Storm in a teacup : the physics of everyday life
Castles and knights
What makes you happy? : how small changes can lead to big improvements in your life
Times new Romanian
The Soviet citizen : daily life in a totalitarian society
How I met your mother. Season 1.
The wonderful world of Sazae-san. Vol. 6 = Sazae-san. 6 / [translation: Jules Young, Dominic Young]
Bach : music in the castle of heaven
Individuals' interest in preventing everyday accidents and crises : a Swedish explorative study of the importance of motivation
The justice motive in everyday life
Uneasy happiness
My home
This old house : a day in five storeys
The wonderful world of Sazae-san. Vol. 2 = Sazae-san. 2 / [translation: Jules Young]
Diary of the dark years, 1940-1944 : collaboration, resistance, and daily life in occupied Paris
Women's Place in Finnish Proverbs from Childhood
In 2011, at the height of tension between the British and Iranian governments, travel writer Lois Pryce found a note left on her motorcycle outside the Iranian Embassy in London: "...I wish that you will visit Iran so you will see for yourself about my country. WE ARE NOT TERRORISTS!!! Please come to my city, Shiraz. It is very famous as the friendliest city in Iran, it is the city of poetry and gardens and wine!!! Your Persian friend, Habib" Intrigued, Lois decides to ignore the official warnings against travel (and the warnings of her friends and family) and sets off alone on a 3,000 mile ride from Tabriz to Shiraz, to try to uncover the heart of this most complex and incongruous country. Along the way, she meets carpet sellers and drug addicts, war veterans and housewives, doctors and teachers - people living ordinary lives under the rule of an extraordinarily strict Islamic government. Revolutionary Ride is the story of a people and a country. Religious and hedonistic, practical and poetic, modern and rooted in tradition - and with a wild sense of humour and appreciation of beauty despite the comparative lack of freedom - this is real contemporary Iran.
The hidden light of objects
Portrait with keys : the city of Johannesburg unlocked
Hidden Tuscany : discovering art, culture, and memories in a well-known region's unknown places
The secret diary of Hendrik Groen, 83 1/4 years old
The legend of a man and a poor village's road to riches
Our place, my future and their project : reflecting children's lifeworld in education for sustainable development
Daily life in 18th-century England
The country and the city
A slice through a city
Daily life in ancient Egypt : recreating Lahun
Village at the end of the world
Happy birthday Amelia
Lucky Alan : and other stories
Life in Moscow : communism and now
How I met your mother. Season 2.
The economics of everyday life
The secret life of money : everyday economics explained
The prisoner syndrome
Globalization and everyday life
The wonderful world of Sazae-san. Vol. 3 = Sazae-san. 3 / [translation by Jules Young]
The private lives of the Tudors : uncovering the secrets of Britain's greatest dynasty
The origins of everyday things
The renaissance and the new world
Making Museum Collections: Missionary Hilja Heiskanen's Himalayan artefacts
A Good year
Transnational families in the making : the Polish experience of living between Poland and Finland during and after the Cold War
The role of children's books in integrating handicapped children into everyday life
Psy-Q : test your psychological intelligence
Everyday life in the Baltic states
Longbourn
It's a good life, if you don't weaken : [a picture novella]
Yes! No. (Maybe...)
Families like mine : children of gay parents tell it like it is
The very fairy princess
Trees Lounge
Retro New York
Daily life of the Etruscans
The interrogative mood : a novel?
E is for Ethiopia
Psoriasis care consumption and consequences of having psoriasis in everyday life
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
Urbanization and kinship : the domestic domain on the Copperbelt of Zambia 1950-1956
Home truths : the Peel years and beyond : real stories from British life as heard on BBC Radio 4
Life in the Middle Ages
A different kind of daughter : the girl who hid from the Taliban in plain sight
The ugly Renaissance
The drive
Culture unbound : americanization and everyday life in Sweden
The making of home
Breakfast with Socrates : the philosophy of everyday life
S is for South Africa
The fine line : making distinctions in everyday life
Consumption and everyday life
Life in 1940s London
Visitor's guide to ancient Rome : based on the travels of Lucius Minimus Britanicus
Functional limitations and quality of life in schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders
A winter in Nepal
"From one of Bach's greatest living interpreters: a landmark study which explains in wonderful detail how the composer worked, how his music is constructed, how it achieves its effects--and what it can tell us about Bach the man. Johann Sebastian Bach is one of the most famously unfathomable composers in the history of music. How can such sublime work have been produced by a man who (when we can discern his personality at all) seems so ordinary, so opaque--and occasionally so intemperate? John Eliot Gardiner has been studying and performing Bach ever since, and the fruits of this lifetime's immersion are now distilled in this remarkable book. It is grounded in all the most recent Bach scholarship but moves far beyond it as well, taking us as deeply into Bach's works and mind as perhaps words can. This is an unparalleled book about one of the greatest of all creative artists"--
Trinny & Susannah : the survival guide : a woman's secret weapon for getting through the year
"To not die alone" : kinship, love and life cycle in contemporary Havana, Cuba
The Roman empire and the dark ages
Globe : life in Shakespeare's London
The Zafarani files
Why are we so insistent that women and men are different? This introduction to gender provides a fascinating and genuinely readable exploration of how society divides people into feminine women and masculine men. It explores gender as a way of seeing women and men as not just biological organisms, but as people shaped by their everyday social world. Examining how gender has been understood and lived in the past; how it is understood and done differently by different cultures and groups within cultures; Mary Holmes considers the strengths and limitations of different ways of thinking and learning to 'do' gender.Key sociological and feminist ideas about gender are covered from Christine Pisan to Mary Wollstonecraft: from symbolic interactionism to second wave feminism through to the work of Judith Butler. The book illustrates gender with a range of familiar and contemporary examples: everything from nineteenth century fashions in China and Britain, to discussions of what Barbie can tell us about gender in America, to the lives of working women in Japan. This book will be of great use and interest to students to gender studies, sociology and feminist theory.
The curse of the umbrella
China focus 2003-2004
Australia
A parrot in the pepper tree
Kobo, the li'l rascal. Vol. 1 = Yorinuki Kobo-chan. 1
Insights and outlouds : childhood research in the North
Stalin's daughter
Hymns to an unknown God : awakening the spirit in everyday life
Ageing in place:potentials and restrictions – a case study of the living environment for older people in Oulu
"An unprecedented book about one of the greatest of all composers, by his greatest modern interpreter. Johann Sebastian Bach is one of the most famously unfathomable composers in the history of music. How can such sublime work have been produced by a man who (when we can discern his personality at all) seems so ordinary, so opaque--and occasionally so intemperate? John Eliot Gardiner grew up passing one of the only two authentic portraits of Bach every morning and evening on the stairs of his parents' house, where it hung for safety during the Second World War. He has been studying and performing Bach ever since, and is now regarded as one of the composer's greatest living interpreters. The fruits of this lifetime's immersion are now distilled in this remarkable book, which explains in wonderful detail how Bach worked, how his music is constructed, how it achieves its effects--and what it can tell us about Bach the man. It is grounded in all the most recent Bach scholarship but moves far beyond it, and takes us as deeply into Bach's works and mind as perhaps words can. This is a unique book about one of the greatest of all creative artists"--
Baby's first book
Laughter lines : comic verse for life's little moments
That old ace in the hole : a novel
The rest just follows, or, Up here
Americanah
Revolutionary ride : on the road in search of the real Iran
Something of the night : a journey into the darkness of The British Isles
Research opportunities of life stories : everyday history
Julie Kerr's vivid account provides insights into the thoughts and experiences of the medieval monk.This book will make an important contribution to our understanding of monastic life by exploring key aspects that have been either inadequately addressed or overlooked by historians. For example, what effect did the ascetic lifestyle have on the monks' physical health and mental well-being? How difficult was it for newcomers to adapt to the rigours of the cloister? Did the monks suffer from anxiety and boredom; what caused them concern and how did they seek comfort? What did it really mean to live the solitary life within a communal environment and how significant were issues of loneliness and isolation? Drawing on chronicles, letters, customaries and miracle stories, the experience of medieval monastic life will be presented through the monks' own words.
Dangerous days in Elizabethan England : a history of the terrors and the torments, the dirt, diseases and deaths suffered by our ancestors
The economic ideas of ordinary people : from preferences to trade
Notes. 1, Born to be a larve
Tarte Tatin : more of La Belle Vie on rue Tatin
The social psychology of everyday life
A thousand days in Tuscany : a bittersweet adventure
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
A year in South Karelia : Finnish culture through the eyes of a newcomer
Postmodernity and mobile communications
Illness narratives : patients' online discussions about life after cancer
The enigma of arrival : a novel in five sections
The wonderful world of Sazae-san. Vol. 1 = Sazae-san. 1 / [translation: Jules Young, Dominic Young]
Hello Tokyo! : Handmade Projects and Fun Ideas for a Cute Tokyo-Inspired Lifestyle
The New everyday life : ways and means
Monsieur Jean : From bachelor to father
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
100 things to know before you grow up
How we survived communism and even laughed
Living on the home front
Mediaattori - Urban Mediator : a hybrid infrastructure for neighborhoods
Longbourn : a novel
The truth according to us
Ethics : a beginner's guide
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Bongani's day : from dawn to dusk in a South African city
The Book Thief & I Am the Messenger
This explorative study presents an empirical examination of the connection between motivation and the measures individuals take to prevent everyday accidents and prepare for crises. Positional factors (age and gender) and situational factors (education, size of locality, and household composition) are included because the literature highlights their importance. The study used data gathered in a 2010/2011 poll of randomly selected Swedish residents aged 16-75 (N = 2000; 44.8% response rate). A factor analysis reduced the theoretical model for situational motivation (Guay, Vallerand, & Blanchard, 2000) from four to two dimensions: motivation and amotivation. Subsequent regression analyses statistically confirmed the connection between motivation or amotivation and the extent to which individuals pursue preventative and preparedness measures, even when accounting for positional and situational factors. These findings underscore the need for continued studies of individuals' incentives to prevent accidents and prepare for crises and for the study of the nuances of (situational) motivation and preventive/preparedness measures.
Gender and everyday life
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
The Almond Blossom Appreciation Society
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
