http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7381 dialects
dialects
Survey of English dialects : the basic material. B:1:1-3, The six northern counties and the Isle of Man
Preliminary phonological analysis of the Limi dialect of Humla Bhotia
Storytelling in Chefchaouen Northern Morocco : an annotated study of oral performance with transliterations and translations
The Arabic dialect of Tillo in the region of Siirt : (South-eastern Turkey)
Norman Mailer : an American aesthetic
Consonant strength in upper German dialects
The volume presents an innovative approach to studies in Late Modern English by giving attention to variation and change in varieties of English on both sides of the Atlantic. As new corpora become available, scholarly interests broaden their horizons to encompass varieties, the history of which has only just begun to be investigated, and which are likely to yield significant findings. The contributors, whose long experience in the field of English historical linguistics ensures in-depth investigations, employ state-of-the-art tools for the analysis of specific phenomena and to set these in the light of a more encompassing framework concerning different text types and sociolinguistic considerations. While usage guides and dictionaries prove remarkable in their contribution to the definition of what is (not) acceptable in specific social circles, the language of ordinary users also takes centre stage in studies of correspondence, journals and travelogues. The volume is expected to appeal to scholars and students interested in the linguistic history of English as seen in contexts on which - until now - relatively little light has been shed.
Multilingualism and language diversity in urban areas : acquisition, identities, space, education
Konvergenz und Divergenz von Dialekten in Europa = Convergence and divergence of dialects in Europe = Convergence et divergence des dialectes en Europe
An introduction to regional Englishes : dialect variation in England
Ordbok över folkmålen i Övre Dalarna = Dictionary of dialects of Upper Dalecarlia
The Arabic dialect of the Negev Bedouins
Colloquial Arabic : with notes on the vernacular speech of Egypt, Syria, and Mesopotamia, and an appendix on the local characteristics of Algerian dialect
The amazing world of Englishes : a practical introduction
"He talks from the gutter!" : representation of Cockney dialect and its effects on characterization in Lionel Shriver's The Post-Birthday World and its Finnish translation
The Bedouin Arabic dialects : general problems and a close analysis of North Israel Bedouin dialects
That voice sounds familiar : factors in speaker recognition
Narratives and poems from Hesbān : Arabic texts recorded among the seminomadic al-ʻAǧārma tribe (al-Balqā district, Jordan)
The politics of English : South Asia, Southeast Asia and the Asia Pacific
Contemporary approaches to dialectology : the area of North, North-West Russian and Belarusian dialects = Sovremennye metody v dialektologii : areal severnyh, severozanadnyh russkih i belorusskih govorov
A survey of Middle English dialects 1290-1350 : the East Midland counties
National varieties of German outside Germany
Ancient West-Arabian
The language od Cassubian literature and question of a literary standard
Sepečides-Romani
Dealing with difference in audiovisual translation : subtitling linguistic variation in films
The tape recording of dialect for linguistic sound archives: some experiences and views connected with recording work in Sweden
Textbook of colloquial Tibetan (dialect of Central Tibet)
New York City English
An introduction to Irish English
A syntactic study of Egyptian colloquial Arabic
Kinki Japanese : the dialects & culture of the Kansai region
The Celtic element of the English people ; The Celtic element in the dialects of Lancashire and adjoining counties ; The Celtic element in the counties of Northampton and Leicester
Translating religion : linguistic analysis of Judeo-Arabic sacred texts from Egypt
The Lappish dialect of Ullsfjord and its relations to other Lappish dialects
The dialects of Italy
Researching northern English
Swedish speech and popular tradition in America : a report from the Uppsala tape recording expedition 1964
Coptic Egyptian (Sahidic dialect) : a learner's grammar
So, you want to learn Coptic? : a guide to Bohairic grammar
Two glossaries : the glossaries to the Kilmarnock and Edinburgh Poems reproduced in facsimile
This volume brings together current research by international scholars on the varieties of English spoken in Ireland. The papers apply contemporary theoretical and methodological approaches and frameworks to a range of topics. A number of papers explore the distribution of linguistic features in Irish English, including the evolution of linguistic structures in Irish English and linguistic change in progress, employing broadly quantitative sociolinguistic approaches. Pragmatic features of Irish English are explored through corpus linguistics-based analysis. The construction of linguistic corpora using written and recorded material form the focus of other papers, extending and analyzing the growing range of corpus material available to researchers of varieties of English, including diaspora varieties. Issues of language and identity in contemporary Ireland are explored in several contributions using both qualitative and quantitative methods. The volume will be of interest to linguists generally, and to scholars with an interest in varieties of English.
The English dialect dictionary : being the complete vocabulary of all dialect words still in use, or known to have been in use during the last two hundred years. 6, T-Z
On the Arabic dialect spoken in Širqāt (Assur)
A descriptive analysis of Cypriot Maronite Arabic
The Tirunelvēli Tamil dialect
The Newfoundland tongue
Language loyalty and linguistic variation in Spanish Cantabria
Bidialectalism : an unexpected development in the obsolescence of Pennsylvania Dutchified English
Language loyalty and linguistic variation : a study in Spanish Cantabria
Variation im Raum = Variation and space
"Pennsylvania Dutchified English, a little-studied German-influenced language variety spoken in south central Pennsylvania, is rapidly approaching extinction as speakers shift to the more standard regional variety of English. Not only are speakers using dialectal features less frequently, but the ways in which they use those features is also changing, thus altering what it means to 'speak the dialect' and rendering the next generation of speakers incapable of acquiring it. In this context of inconsistency, a group of bidialectals have unexpectedly developed who are proficient in both Pennsylvania Dutchified English and the regional standard. Bidialectalism: An Unexpected Development in the Obsolescence of Pennsylvania Dutchified English investigates the shifts in use of various features by this dialect's last generation of speakers and documents the use of those features in an ethnographic and statistical case study of a bidialectal individual. In this way, the volume thus contributes to the study of outcomes of dialect contact, language variety decline and death, and bidialectalism"--Publisher description.
Subjective processes in language variation and change
On the phonemic status of [ ] and [ð] in Glaswegian working-class English
Bingo Tōzantō hōgen kiso goishū = A study of the basic vocabulary of the Min dialect in the Tung Shan island
Doesn't tha' understand a bit o' Yorkshire when tha' hears it? : representation of Yorkshire dialect in the secret garden and its Finnish translation
English accents and dialects : an introduction to social and regional varieties of English in the British Isles
The study of dialect : an introduction to dialectology
The prodigal tongue : dispatches from the future of english
Texts in the Arabic dialect of Sūsa (Tunisia) : transcription, translation, notes and glossary
Distribution of segmental phonemes in the Finnish dialect spoken on the Kurgolovo peninsula
Dialects of Macedonian
On reduced phonological structures : hypocorisms in the dialect of Anundsjö
Scottish dialectal vocabulary in Fisherrow and Musselburgh
Language contact and lexical borrowing in the Greek Cypriot dialect : sociolinguistic and cultural implications
Historical dialectology : regional and social
Belfast English and standard English : dialect variation and parameter setting
Dictionary of American regional English. Vol. 1, Introduction and A-C
Newfoundland and Labrador English
English dialects from the eighth century to the present day
Language and place-names in Wales : the evidence of toponymy in Cardiganshire
Colloquial Palestinian Arabic : an introduction to the spoken dialect
Transatlantic perspectives on late modern English
English in Cyprus or Cyprus English : an empirical investigation of variety status
Readings in African American language : aspects, features, and perspectives. Vol. 2
The phonology of the Suffolk dialect : descriptive and historical
Sociolinguistic reflexes of dialect interference in West Wirral
Translating dialect : a case study of Wuthering Heights
A vocabulary of the dialect of Bokhara
A study in Boharic Coptic
English dialects : an introduction
Survey of English dialects : the dictionary and grammar
The politics of Indians' English : linguistic colonialism and the expanding English empire
Aleut dialects of Atka and Attu
English dialects
A comparative study of Kannada dialects : Bellary, Gulbarga, Kumta and Nanjangud dialects
Symposium : processing of dialectological data (Tallinn, November 23-25, 1981) : summaries
Levantine Arabic : introduction to pronunciation
English in the Indian diaspora
Issues and methods in dialectology
This book examines how young people at a martial arts club in an urban setting participate and interact in a recreational social community. The author relates analyses of their interactions to discussions of relevance to the sociology of sports, anthropology and education, ultimately providing an analytically nuanced contribution to the study of contemporary sociolinguistic processes and identity practices. The author explores how the young participants negotiate their place in the social order, create and maintain friendship groups and relate to different social categories using the ecological descriptions provided by linguistic ethnography. The book will appeal to researchers of discourse analysis, sociolinguistics, sport sociology, extra-curricular education and anthropology.
Irish English. Volume 2, The Republic of Ireland
Learn English with Asterix and son = Asterix : opi englantia
Manual to the Corpus of Scottish Correspondence (CSC)
Dialects in literature : Scottish English in contemporary Scottish literature
Northern and insular Scots
Fighters, girls and other identities : sociolinguistics in a  Martial Arts Club
How to talk like a Local : From Cockney to Geordie, a national companion
Notes on Cabali : the Arabic dialect spoken by the Alawis of "Jebel Ansariye"
The morphophonology of the Kenyan Swahili dialects
Examines the English spoken in New York City comprehensively, including pronunciation, grammar, and discourse. Using sources from classic studies to original data, the author describes New Yorkers' speech in a way that is linguistically rigorous yet accessible to non-specialists.
A first glossary of Hiberno-English
Substrata Uralica : studies on Finno-Ugrian substrate in Northern Russian dialects
Issues in Chinese dialect description and classification
Dialectology
Dialects in East-Anglia and the South-East of England
How to talk like a local : from Cockney to Geordie
The Indo-European dialects
Standardisierung von Sprachen : Theorie und Praxis = Language standardisation : theory and practice = La standardisation des langues : théorie et pratique
Grammatical variation and change in Jersey English
On quantity relations in Norwegian Lappish : an experimental study based on the Utsjoki Dialect
A butcher's at chitty chitty bang bang : some linguistic aspects of Cockney dialect and rhyming slang
Languages and dialects of China
Issues in Övdalian syntax : structural properties and the role of inflection in a Scandinavian vernacular
Brazilian Portuguese : phrasebook & dictionary
The Lappish dialect of Jukkasjärvi : a morphological survey
A study of the spoken Arabic of Baskinta
Liverpudlian social class in modern drama : a study of Educating Rita (1980) and Paradise Bound (2006)
A comparative grammar of British English dialects : modals, pronouns and complement clauses
Scots : studies in its literature and language
Dictionary of American regional English. Vol. V, Sl - Z
Preliminary phonological analysis of Denjongka of Sikkim
World Englishes. Vol. 4
Studies in Sung time colloquial Chinese as revealed in Chu Hi's Ts'üanshu
Survey of English dialects : B: The basic material. 1, The six northern counties and the Isle of Man
Who's centric now? : the present state of post-colonial Englishes
World Englishes. Vol. 2
About pronunciation and intonation of the London dialect (Cockney) compared with received standard English
The Hoose at Pooh's Neuk
New contributions to the history of the Ukrainian language
A reference grammar of Syrian Arabic with audio CD : (based on the dialect of Damascus)
How the Irish speak English
The Arabic dialect of Qift (Upper Egypt) : grammar and classified vocabulary
Urban North-Eastern English : Tyneside to Teesside
A North American's guide to Ghanaian English
Dialects, Englishes, Creoles, and education
World Englishes. Vol. 3
Language in Scotland : corpus-based studies
Mandarin Chinese picture dictionary
You say potato : a book about accents
Northern English has become the focus of intensive research in the past decade or so, following on a series of dedicated conferences. The present book brings together leading-edge contributions on various aspects of language use, variation and change in the North of England. The volume covers the history of English in this area as well as providing incisive studies of both the varieties of English spoken in cities and in larger parts of the area. In addition, the collection contains a number of interface studies, e.g. concerned with the borders of the North of England, both to Scotland and the South of England or dealing with second-language varieties of Northern English or with additional issues, such as enregisterment. All these contributions help to draw a comprehensive picture of this key area of the English-speaking world and point the way forward for future research.
Scouse : a social and cultural history
Breton orthographies and dialects : the twentieth-century orthography war in Brittany. Vol. 2
Breton orthographies and dialects : the twentieth-century orthography war in Brittany. Vol. 1
Notes on Ulster dialect, chiefly Donegal
Arabs and Arabic in the Lake Chad region
St. Helenian English : origins, evolution, and variation
Ugandan English : its sociolinguistics, structure and uses in a globalising post-protectorate
On the causes of the splitting into dialects
Who does-Ta Think Tha's Thouing?! : second person pronouns in the Yorkshire West Riding dialect
Symposium : processing of dialectological data (Tallinn 23-25 november, 1981) : summaries
The Realisation of Prominence in Three Varieties of Standard Spoken Finnish
"This volume of papers from the 14th International Conference on Methods in Dialectology, held at the University of Western Ontario (Canada), 2 to 6 August 2011, brings together recent methodological innovations and current research on the study of dialects and language variation".
A Turkish dialect in north-western Anatolia : Bolu dialect materials
New perspectives on Irish English
Indian and British English : a handbook of usage and pronunciation
Chinese dialect classification : a comparative approach to Harngjou, old Jintarn, and common northern Wu
The Anglo-Welsh dialects of North Wales : a survey of conservative rural spoken English in the counties of Gwynedd and Clwyd
German dialects : phonology and morphology
Present-day dialectology : problems and findings
This series provides introductions to the main areas of English language study. Volumes cover aspects of the history and structure of the language such as: syntax, phonology, morphology, regional and social variation, Old English, Middle English, Early Modern English and international Englishes.
Verhandlungen des Internationalen Dialektologenkongresses = Proceedings of the International Congress of Dialectologists = Communications du Congrès International de Dialectologie, Bamberg 29.7.-4.8.1990. Bd 1, Plenarvorträge = Plenary lectures = Séances plénières : Computative Datenverarbeitung = Computational data processing = Traitement de l'information par ordinateur : Dialektgliederung und Dialektklassifikation = Dialect structure and classification = Structure dialectale et classification des dialectes
Southern Irish English : review and exemplary texts
The Uzbek dialect of Qilich (Russian Turkestan) : with texts and glossary
The English dialect dictionary : being the complete vocabulary of all dialect words still in use, or known to have been in use during the last two hundred years
Proceedings of Methods XIV : papers from the Fourteenth International Conference on Methods in Dialectology, 2011
The southernmost people of Greenland : dialects and memories = Qavaat : oqalunneri eqqaamassaallu
Survey of Yorkshire dialects : a sociolinguistic study
English in Southeast Asia : features, policy and language in use
The evolution of Englishes : the dynamic model and beyond
A grammar of the dialect of the Bolton area. P. 1, Introduction ; Phonology
Dialekt und Schule in den europäischen Ländern = Dialect and school in the European countries = Dialecte et école dans les pays européens
From Iberian Romani to Iberian Para-Romani varieties
The realisation of prominence in three varieties of standard spoken Finnish
Dialect for all Seasons : Cultural Diversity as Tool and Directive for Dialect Researchers and Translators
Proceedings of methods XIII : papers from the Thirteenth International Conference on Methods in Dialectology, 2008
Contributions to Arabic linguistics
Mechanical treatment of syntactic material in Finnish dialects
Dialects
Cypriot Arabic : a historical and comparative investigation into the phonology and morphology of the Arabic vernacular spoken by the Maronites of Kormakiti village in the Kyrenia district of North-Western Cyprus
Introduction to Peninsular Arabic
New trends and methodologies in applied English language research : diachronic, diatopic and contrastive studies
World Englishes. Vol. 5
Dialect variation and the theory of grammar : [proceedings of the Glow Workshop in Venice, 1987]
Contemporary studies on the Min dialects
The discursive construction of the Scots language : education, politics and everyday life
Courtesies in the Gulf area : a dictionary of colloquial phrase and usage
World Englishes. Vol. 6
Dialect and standard language = Dialekt und Standardsprache in the English, Dutch, German and Norwegian language areas
Translating an urban sociolect : the case study of Trainspotting by Irvine Welsh and its Finnish translations
The prae-italic dialects of Italy : in three volumes. Vol. 2, part 3, The Raetic, Lepontic, Gallic, East-Italic Messapic and Sicel inscriptions with the glosses in ancient writers and the local and divine names of ancienst Sicily
The Jewish Neo-Aramaic dialect of Persian Azerbaijan : linguistic analysis and folkloristic texts
Cockney dialect and slang
Language Variation - European Perspectives V : selected papers from the Seventh International Conference on Language Variation in Europe (ICLaVE 7), Trondheim, June 2013
The dialect of Awroman (Hawrāmān-ī Luhōn) : grammatical sketch, texts, and vocabulary
Language and linguistic origins in Bahrain : the Bahārnah dialect of Arabic = Al-luġa wal-usūl al-luġawīya fī al-Bahrain : dirāsa fī lahǧat al-Bahārnat al-'arabīya
West Midlands English : Birmingham and the Black Country
The English dialect dictionary : being the complete vocabulary of all dialect words still in use, or known to have been in use during the last two hundred years : founded on the publications of the English Dialect Society and on a large amount of material never before printed
Readings in African American language : aspects, features, and perspectives
Survey of English dialects. A, Introduction
English Pashto & Dari Dictionary
The dialects of England
Koṣṭi - a dialect of Maraṭhi
