http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7391 mergers
mergers
International harmonization of competition laws
Lentiviral integrase-fusions : genomic interactions, site selection and cellular delivery of heterologous proteins
Merger and acquisition strategies : how to create value
The antitrust paradox : a policy at war with itself
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 13, Business and private organizations : Chapter 6 : Fundamental changes in marketable share companies
Through the ranks, slowly : studies on the organizational reforms and gender in banking
Stock market response to research and development expenditures of the firm in the context of mergers and acquisitions
Investment banking : valuation, leveraged buyouts, and mergers & acquisitions
Managing acquisitions and greenfield operations
Merger control law in the European Union
Integrating the enterprise systems of manufacturing units after a merger
Mergers and acquisitions (hereafter also 'M&A') have been a common method for companies to grow and increase shareholder value. Brands relate to the experience stakeholders and herein especially customers enjoy when being in any interaction with a company. As a result of transactions, companies can only only ensure positive future financial performance and succeed in the market when also managing brand experiences systematically. This study examines the role of brands in international M&A with relation to financial performance among companies in Finland. The importance of brands in decision-making, the actions of brand management as well as the financial measurement of brands in transactions are in the focus of this study. Since this research was commissioned by a Finnish brand management consultancy called BrandWorxx Oy, the center of attention is also on suggestions for service development. The research at hand includes theories which are built around brands as well as M&A as key concepts. First of all, the term 'brand' is defined, the connection to financial performance illustrated and a systematic brand management process described. Next, M&A are introduced including motivations, the process as well as due diligence. After taking a look at company and brand valuation approaches, key concepts are connected and brand management as well as exploitation opportunities as part of M&A are shown. In order to meet the research objectives, empirical work with more qualitative but also quantitative aspects was carried out through mostly personal interviews. Results and findings show that the importance of brands as a decision-making criterion is of a relatively high importance level. However, brands are mostly not systematically managed nor financially tracked as part of transactions. Due to this, bigger financial value is assumed to be lost since stakeholders and especially customers are not in the focus of transactions. Finally, a need for the commissioning company to develop a specific service offering became obvious.The report thus provides detailed suggestions mentioned at the end of this study.
Mergers and productivity
1992 and EEC/U.S. competition and trade law
International antitrust law & policy
Mergers & acquisitions in Germany
The effect of managerial ownership on M&A performance
Enhancing inter-firm networks and interorganizational strategies
Study on system design and key technologies of case closure welding for ITER correction coil
The financial implications of the integration of two financing operations in a market place : case Ford Financial Finland
New patterns of industrial globalisation : cross-border mergers and acquisitions and strategic alliances
Drivers behind international mergers in the commercial banking sector / Case: Sampo Blank Plc
Corporate acquisitions and mergers : a practical guide to the legal, financial and administrative implications
Three Case-Studies on Common Software Process Problems in Software Company Acquisitions
Coordination of action in mergers and acquisitions : interpretive and systems approaches towards synergy
Merging for the future : orchestrated blending and the ambiguity of organizational culture
Reverse mergers : taking a company public without an IPO
Profitability of mergers and acquisitions in Finland before and during the financial crisis
Intelligent M&A : navigating the mergers and acquisitions minefield
The morning after : making corporate mergers work after the deal is sealed
The development of the doctrine "lifting the veil" in European law
Financial modelling techniques as an essential part of M&A transactions : case: EasyJet Plc. and Tiger Airways Holdings Ltd
The global M & A tango : how to reconcile cultural differences in mergers, acquisitions and strategic partnerships
Mergers and acquisitions in the Netherlands : legal and tax aspects
After the merger : seven strategies for successful post-merger integration
The relationships among merger relatedness, strategic aggressiveness, capability responsiveness and merger performance
Remedies in EU and Estonian merger control
Mergers and corporate governance
Mergers and divestitures as a value creation process
The role of brands in international mergers and acquisitions with relation to financial performance
Shared vision is the key : bank of the future confounds doubters
The integration process of personnel in international mergers and acquisitions : reasons for failures
Information system integration in mergers and acquisitions
Avidin-biotin technology and targeted treatment of malignant glioma
Stock or cash : Financial and market-related determinants of the payment methods in mergers Ä acquisitions
Value creation in mergers and acquisitions : a study of Swedish domestic and foreign takeovers
International mergers : the antitrust process. Volume 1, Tables, Introduction, Australia - Japan
Merger control in the United Kingdom and European Union
Mergers and acquisitions : managing culture and human resources
Analysis of Success Factors of Mergers and Acquisitions in the Automotive Industry
Mergers, restructuring, and corporate control : study guide
Merger integration project and change management tools : case study: Nokia Siemens Networks
Applied mergers and acquisitions
Making the best of a merger : a case study of Product Data Management Application Development Team
The cultural challenges in mergers and acquisitions and the role of communication
Taxation of the transfer of a European company's (societas Europaea) registered office from Finland to another EU member state
European mergers and merger policy
This book is one of the very few published investigations of international business in a Japanese context, based on an up-to-date overview of the Japanese mergers and acquisitions (M&A) market in particular. The author explicates recent developments in Japanese business and shows how Japanese firms drastically change to reach out to become more globalized. The book can serve as a foundation in a teaching module for any Japan-related class in international business. Specifically, this publication reveals the inner workings of the Japanese business system. M&A activities covered here include those of foreign firms in Japan as well as Japanese firms investing domestically and in cross-border ventures. Illustrated by carefully chosen examples and supported by extensive data analyses, this book is highly recommended to readers who seek an in-depth understanding of the Japanese M&A market. The volume is enriched by case studies that explicitly illustrate the objectives of specific firms and how they successfully manage their M&A. The author brings to this work his 14 years of experience in Japan and has relied not only on English literature but also on original Japanese sources in creating this highly valuable contribution to the field.
Culture as a part of cross-border M&A deal : a study on the post-deal cultural integration
Due diligence : the critical stage in mergers and acquisitions
COMMUNICATION IN A MERGER
Towards a rediscovery of organizational politics : essays on organizational integration following mergers and acquisitions
Accounting for M&A, equity, and credit analysts
The impact of merger and acquisition strategies, national institutions and organizational cultures on human resource management practices in mergers and acquisitions between Vietnamese and Western companies : ABB Vienam case
Why did the perfect marriage end : case Cloetta Fazer
Mergers and acquisitions
Valuation of merges and acquisitions in the European telecommunication sector
Backbone of night
Study on obstacles to takeover bids in the European Community : Executive summary
The effect of business cycles and other determinants on acquisition premium
Hypnotic drugstore : alternative mix
Readings in mergers and acquisitions
Mergers and acquisitions in Asia : a global perspective
This insightful book focuses upon corporate governance processes, and explores the conditions required for effective corporate governance and control in 21st century globalized and financialized economies. In presenting a comprehensive study of a cross-border hostile corporate take-over process, describing the actors, institutions and events involved, this book examines and questions the current forms of corporate governance and control - both from a national and a global perspective. Using Old Mutual's takeover of Skandia as a case study, the authors address corporate governance theory, and h
FUSION technology programme 2003-2006 : final report
Human resources in Cross-border M&A
An Evaluation of the Effect of Merger and Acquisition on the Performance of Nigeria Banking Sector : Case: United Bank of Africa, PLC
The role of middle management in post-merger integration
Means to retain key talent in international mergers and acquisitions
Why do mergers and acquisitions fail, and how can the probability of failure be decreased : case: DaimlerChrysler
Merger profitability in unionized oligopoly
Corporate acquisitions and mergers in France d ; practical guide to the legal, financial and administrative implications
Company merger and branding
Advances in mergers and acquisitions. 6
Branding strategies of horizontal international mergers and acquisitions : a case study of a Finnish global company
Company integration as a business strategy and post-acquisition phase : case study MacGREGOR Offshore Division, Hydramarine
Mergers and acquistions
International business mergers and acquisitions in Japan
Cases and materials on business associations : agency, partnerships, and corporations
Impact of merger and acquisition announcements on the acquiring shareholders' wealth : the case of Nokia and Apple
Nordea Group intends to merge its large subsidiary banks operating in other Nordic countries to the Swedish parent company, which is supervised by the Swedish supervisory authority, Finansinspektionen. The importance of the change for Finland is heightened by Nordea's large market share..
The role of communication and integration managers in international mergers and acquisitions
Weinberg on take-overs and mergers
Cross-border merger and acquisition (M&A) activity has experienced waves of popularity during the past fifty years. M&A plays an important role in today's business world. Yet, M&A activity has a relatively high failure rate which can be caused by many reasons, such as legitimacy and anti-monopoly. In fact, among these reasons, the human side of M&A is often ignored by managers, especially in phase of post-M&A. The objective of this thesis is to stress the importance of understanding what happens with managers and employees in the organization during the merger and acquisition process. Furthermore, the author will investigate what are the consequences of incomplete HR integration, and how to resolve these threats in order to achieve success in cross-border M&A. In order to achieve an in-depth understanding of cross-national M&A and importance of HR influence, literature study as the theoretical method and case study will be used. In case study, three unstructured interviews with WAHAHA general manager, technical director and sales manager who have extensive knowledge in this subject will be introduced. This research provides tenable results and suggestions on how to promote long-term development of HR in phase of post-M&A. This thesis found that there are three key elements that wield great influence on post M&A: corporate culture and identity, leadership and communication, and motivation and commitment. In conclusion, cultural marriage, leadership and management coordination, and effective communication help to achieve and measure HR integration in cross-border M&A. The target beneficiaries of this thesis include executives, managers and personnel who engage in cross-border M&A.
The Wall Street MBA : your personal crash course in corporate finance
The influence of culture on international mergers : mergers between Finnish and Swedish companies
The economics of the antitrust process
Mergers and acquisitions : the human factor
Cross-border mergers and acquisitions : UK dimensions
The effect of stock market performance on merger and acquisition activity and the methods of payment : a global perspective
Conference on mergers & acquisitions : the United States, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and the Common Market
Organization design : a guide to building effective organizations
EC competition law
"Since Intelligent M&A was released in June 2007, the short and final chapter on How to survive a merger has received a lot of attention and the information provided therein appears to be robust enough to withstand that attention. Therefore, the proposed book will build on the organisation of that chapter and would be divided roughly into the following chapters: - Background on mergers and acquisitions: why companies merge and what happens to employees in those mergers - The first decision facing employees: stay or leave? - Attitude and personal performance - Timing issues: when to act? - Preparation during the pre-merger phase - Should you rely on your boss (and to what degree to 'trust' the company)? - The need to stay around the office - Taking care of your own team - Networking  internally and externally - Maintaining clients - The importance of flexibility in accepting new assignments - Preparing for the worst. Written in an engaging style, with real global case studies, this is an extremely valuable guide for any manager or employee concerned about their jobs when their companies are undergoing a corporate restructuring. (NB. The book is intended to be of use to readers globally. It therefore does not have a chapter on legal issues in being made redundant, as this information is out-dated quickly, isn't the expertise of the author and is available from experts elsewhere)"--Provided by publisher.
Regulating financial services and markets in the twenty first century
Merger and acquisition as a mode of entry to foreign markets : case: Finnish Fair Corporation
The decision to carry out a merger or acquisition is certainly a risky one, not least because of the number of variables influencing the final outcome. It is also a decision frequently based on the wrong objectives and an incorrect evaluation process. With this in mind, this important new book offers solutions for reducing the high percentage of mergers and acquisitions (M & As) that fail. It adopts a normative approach, using theoretical analysis to show what managers could and should do to increase shareholders' value through successful M & A strategies. It also explores the conditions that are suitable for favouring a certain type of M&A (horizontal, vertical, or diversified) over the others.
EC merger remedies : competition concerns and remedies
How cultures interact in an international merger : case Merita Nordbanken
To integrate or not to integrate? : complementarity, similarity and acquisition value creation
Merging organizational cultures through acculturation
Chinese Merger Control Law : An Assessment of its Competition-Policy Orientation after the First Years of Application
Disappointing marriage : a study of the gains from merger
Merger control in Europe : EU, member states and accession states
Understanding mergers and acquisitions in the 21st century : a multidisciplinary approach
Early jazz-rock : the music of Miles Davis, 1967-72
Call of the wild
M&A 1.0 : integration workbook
Reluctant entrepreneurs : the extent, achievements and significance of worker takeovers in Europe
Corporate acquisitions and mergers in Germany : a practical guide to the legal, financial, and administrative implications
Paint the stars
"With the rate of change in organizations at an all-time high, the need for strong organization design has never been more pressing. Organization Design provides a complete road map to design and delivery and covers all the critical areas including downsizing, outsourcing, job design, change management and re-structuring. This thoroughly revised edition is a practical toolkit to take organization designers from start to finish, outlining the basic theory, providing a step-by-step approach to implementation, and offering solutions to the recurring challenges that will inevitably be met along the way"--
Exploring corporate culture and communication in Finnish and Italian business environment : Case: Prima Finn-Power Group
Antecedents to merger and time to divestment
How do high technology mergers and acquisitions affect the value creation of acquirer's R&D spending
Advances in mergers and acquisitions. Vol. 1
Media giant aims high
The EU merger regulation and the anatomy of the merger task force
International mergers : the antitrust process. Volume 2, Luxembourg - Venezuela, Index
Complementary resources and performance implications of mergers/acquistitions : an analysis of technology-intensive industries
Merger control law in the European Union : situation in March 1998
Integration through framing : a study of the Cloetta Fazer merger
Impact of national and organizational cultural differences on human integration in cross-border M&As : the case of an English-French marriage
Evaluation of success of mergers and acquisitions : case Finnish forest companies
Structuring international cooperation between enterprises
Advances in mergers and acquistitions. Vol. 10
Takeovers, mergers and the regional economy
Acquisitions of minority shareholdings in the light of the EU merger control
On 1 August 2008, the Chinese Anti-Monopoly Law entered into force, introducing a comprehensive framework for competition law to the Chinese market. One set of the new rules pertains to merger control. Chinas Ministry of Commerce (MOFCOM) was nominated as the authority responsible for enforcing merger control in China, and has been actively doing so ever since. Recent years have established China as one of the most important merger filing jurisdictions for cross-border mergers alongside the EU and USA. This work evaluates the Chinese merger control law regime and MOFCOMs decision-making practice after more than five years of application. In particular, it assesses which policy goals (competition policy goals or industrial policy considerations) prevail in the written law and its application, and provides suggestions for a further improvement of the law with the aim to develop a transparent merger control regime that promotes long-term economic growth in China.
FFusion 2 technology programme 1999-2002 : final report
The thesis aims to reveal the strategic objectives of Finnish ICT company X in the cross-border acquisition of Y - a Russian ICT services provider. This study attempts to conclude a comprehensive pre-acquisition research and thereby contribute to the accomplishment of acquisition objectives. Why should company X acquire company Y? The author approaches this question from the acquirer's perspective and identifies X's major motives for entering in the M&A transaction. In the theoretical research the author reviews the existing literature on the topic and identifies the major taxonomies of acquisition drivers. The theoretical perspectives adopted by scholars to explain the phenomenon of corporate M&A are also examined and highlighted. Next, building on previously discussed theories, the author proposes his own model of feasibility conditions under which the various drivers for M&A transactions would operate. Finally, the model is employed for the case acquisition analysis. The empirical research is based upon the qualitative research method. In the course of interviews with X's management the author tests the proposed model of M&A motives in relation to the case transaction. This is followed by the discussion of the opportunities which make the acquisition of Y feasible, the emerging constraints, and the academic theories which best explain the case in point. The most important strategic objectives of X cross-border acquisition on the Russian market include a number of synergetic gains such as diversification, vertical integration benefits and operational synergies. Evidence has been found to support the connections between the case acquisition's motives and the efficiency theory of mergers.
Corporate globalization through mergers and acquisitions
Surviving M&A : make the most of your company being acquired
Discursive identity battle and the reformation of organisational identity in an M&A process
Merger control in the EEC : A survey of European competition laws
Critical factors in company acquisition from buyer's point of view
Antitrust law sourcebook for the United States and Europe : 1996 edition
Brand strategies in cross-border mergers and asquisition : brand strategies as drivers and reactions
Competition policy and merger control in the single European market
Chinese capital market takeover and restructuring guide
International mergers and acquisitions
Barriers to acculturation in mergers and acquisitions : strategic human resource implications
Advances in mergers and acquistitions. Vol. 7
Mergers and acquisitions in electronic contract manufacturing
The global M&A tango : how to reconcile cultural differences in mergers, acquisitions, and strategic partnerships
Merges and Acquisitions : the Critical Role of Stakeholders
Are there any economies of scale in Finnish forest industry mergers?
Corporate Governance in Modern Financial Capitalism : old mutual's hostile takeover of Skandia
Mergers in Finnish mutual funds : effects on fund performance and fund fees
How employees experience a merger : case Karair
Summary.
Takeovers in English and German law
Masterminding the Deal : breakthroughs in M&A strategy and analysis
Strategy process in practice in Teva and Kemia merger
HR due diligence : mergers and acquisitions in China
Conversion of Nordea subsidiaries into branches : Nordic interconnectedness increases
The corporate finance handbook
Drivers of acquisition activity
Mergers, acquisitions & strategic alliances : understanding the process
Mergers and acquisitions : the common missteps and theory of success
Making of success and failure in mergers and acquisitions : a study of managerial actors in two cases
An improved lentivirus vector for safer transgene integration and protein transduction
Mergers and acquisitions : Meeting the challenges in Europe and North America after 1992
Creating value through acquisitions, demergers, buyouts and alliances
International M&A, joint ventures, and beyond : doing the deal
Mergers and acquisitions and takeovers in China : a legal and cultural guide to new forms of investment
Strategic objectives in cross-border acquisitions on the Russian market : the case of a Finnish ICT company
Mergers in car industry : are mergers a trend and solution for problems in the car industry? : DaimlerChrysler case study
U.K. merger control : law and practice
Merger mania in Finnish banking crisis : case study : fusion of UBF and KOP
Post-merger product line co-ordination
From corporate strategy to transaction outcome : linking the merger & acquisition results to intended strategy
Constructing reputation in a university merger
"A complete guide to organization design, this book offers both an understanding of organizational theory as well as practical advice for how to implement OD in any organization. Divided into three sections, it covers the fundamentals of organizational design, provide a unique step-by-step methodology, and discuss solutions to recurring challenges. Topics include: the essential building blocks, mapping design options, how to assess capability maturity, how to size an organization, and how to maintain design integrity over time. Readers will gain the confidence and skills to put great organization design into practice to ensure business success. This second edition is updated with new case studies and short examples throughout particularly focusing on adding HR and International studies, more tips for practitioners, summaries at the beginning of each chapter and reflections at the end of each chapter"--
Early Jazz-Rock : the music of Miles Davis, 1967-72
Financial and monetary integration in the European Economic Community : Legal, institutional and economic aspects
Experiencing the post-acquisition integration process : case study: the acquisition of Marioff Corporation Oy
Almost 70% of mergers fail, yet deals are essential for growing world-class companies. Therefore they must use all the tools and techniques at their disposal to improve their chances of success.
An econometric analysis of the European Commission's merger decisions
Competition law in Finland
Miracles : alternative version
Cross-border mergers and acquisitions (CBM&As) activity continues to excite interest among academics and practicing managers, and has become an important vehicle for firms' internationalization and corporate restructuring over the past three decades. Despite the huge volume of global CBM&A activity, however, there are few books that carefully explore the strategies, motives, and consequences of global mergers and acquisitions. This book discusses and synthesizes the theoretical literature on the motivation and performance of international merger activities. Focusing on the UK as a top acquiring country in the European Union, the authors explore the recent trends in cross-border mergers and acquisitions, motives for cross-border mergers and acquisitions, the mergers integration process, home and host countries' macroeconomic consequences on mergers and acquisitions, and shareholder's wealth effects on CBM&A.This book explores and sheds much-needed light on the UK CBM&A market, what drives it, and what lessons can be learned for other regions around the globe.
