http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7404 thesauri
thesauri
Thesaurus construction : a practical manual
Eurovoc thesaurus. Volume 2, Subject-oriented version
A history of Roget's thesaurus : origins, development, and design
A thesaurus of African languages : a classified and annotated inventory of the spoken languages of Africa : with an appendix on their written representation
A thesaurus of Old English : in two volumes
EMTREE Thesaurus 2007.. Vol. 1, Alphabetical index
Essential thesaurus construction
Thesaurus on seed science and technology : preliminary version = Tesauro sobre ciencia y technologia de semillas : Version preliminar
Eurovoc thesaurus. Vol. 1, Alphabetical thesaurus
Terminology manual
Thesaurus of psychological index terms
EUROVOC thesaurus. Vol. 1, Parts A-B, Permuted alphabetical version
Thesaurus of information technology terms
EUDISED : multilingual thesaurus for information processing in the field of education
Love, sex and marriage : a historical thesaurus
Multilingual thesaurus of geosciences
The Merriam-Webster thesaurus
Collins thesaurus : A-Z
"Written by writers for writers, this innovative thesaurus truly advances the time-honored word source. Some 25,000 word meanings and connotations are elucidated by means of more than 300,000 synonyms, 10,000 antonymns, 250 word notes written by noted authors, and generous listings of example sentences. Many special features, such as usage notes, word spectrums, and a language guide, further clarify a word's many nuances and assist the user in finding just the right expression. For all readers, wordsmiths, scribblers, and hacks, Oxford's new thesaurus should be on every library's reference shelf."--"Reference that rocks," American Libraries, May 2005.
The international thesaurus of quotations
The concise Oxford thesaurus  : a dictionary of synonyms
RECAL thesaurus : prosthetics, orthotics and rehabilitation
The Wordsworth Thesaurus of Slang
Guidelines for multilingual thesauri
Art and architecture thesaurus. 3: Volume 3
A deductive data model for thesaurus navigation and query expansion
International bibliography of the social sciences : thematic list of descriptors : economics
The new Roget's thesaurus in dictionary form
Thesaurus of vocational training
Unesco : IBE education thesaurus : a list of terms for indexing and retrieving documents and data in the field of education : with French and Spanish equivalents
Verification of bibliometric methods' applicability for thesaurus construction
Creating, maintaining and applying quality taxonomies
Eurovoc thesaurus. Volume 1, Permuted alphabetical version
The contemporary thesaurus of search terms and synonyms : a guide for natural language computer searching
EMTREE Thesaurus 2007.. Vol. 2, Tree structure
The Macquarie thesaurus
Thesaurus of ERiC Descriptors
SCIMP/SCANP search aid thesaurus
The librarian's thesaurus : [a concise guide to library and information terms]
The philosopher's index thesaurus
Roget's international thesaurus
Roget's thesaurus of the English language in dictionary form : with an appendix of foreign words and expressions
The Hamlyn pocket thesaurus of English words
The Collins thesaurus : in A to Z form
National criminal justice thesaurus : descriptors for indexing law enforcement and criminal justice information
The contemporary thesaurus of social science terms and synonyms : a guide for natural language computer searching
Webster's new dictionary and thesaurus
Thesaurus-making : grow your own word-stock
World textiles atlas
Agrovoc : multilingual agricultural thesaurus : english version
Thesaurus of ERIC descriptors
EUROVOC. Vol. 4, Permutated thesaurus
Thesaurus construction and use : a practical manual
The Oxford American writer's thesaurus
The Chambers thesaurus
Nordic Rotifera : term list RF version 931123-KS
British education thesaurus
Historical thesaurus of the Oxford English dictionary : with additional material from "A Thesaurus of Old English". Volume 2, Index
The Chambers dictionary & thesaurus
EUROVOC. Vol. 2, Subject-oriented thesaurus
Terminology : Unesco: IBE education thesaurus : a faceted list of terms for indexing and retrieving documents and data in the field of education with French and Spanish equivalents
Planning exchange : library and information service thesaurus
The elements of knowledge organization
Revised thesaurus of architectural terms
Ei thesaurus
EUROVOC thesaurus. Vol. 2, Subject-oriented version
EUROVOC. Vol. 3, Multilingual thesaurus
ILO thesaurus : labour, employment and training terminology = Thesaurus BIT : terminologie du travail, de l'emploi et de la formation = Tesauro OIT : terminología de trabajo, empleo y formación 1991
Sport thesaurus : the thesaurus of terminology used in the Sport database. 1987 ed
Bartlett's Roget's thesaurus
Macrothesaurus for information processing in the field of economic and social development
EMTREE Thesaurus 2007.. Vol. 3, Permuted text index
Roget's university theasurus
Indexing languages and thesauri : construction and maintenance
Thesaurus guide : analytical directory of selected vocabularies for information retrieval, 1985
Roget's thesaurus of English words and phrases
Collins english dictionary & thesaurus
Collins school thesaurus
The concise Oxford thesaurus
Legal thesaurus
The accidental taxonomist
Thesaurus of sociological indexing terms
Art and architecture thesaurus. 2: Volume 2
Collins thesaurus of the English language
Modern Marathi-Marathi-English thesaurus
Unesco thesaurus : a structured list of descriptors for indexing and retrieving literature in the fields of education, science, social science, culture, and communication
Aqualine thesaurus 2
Thesaurus for graphic materials : comp. and ed. by Prints and Photographs Division, Library of Congress
The Alko thesaurus
Roget's university thesaurus
Pocket Oxford thesaurus
Concepts and subject headings : their relation in information retrieval and library science
Knowledge organization and change : proceedings of the 4th International ISKO Conference, 15-18 July 1996, Washington, DC, USA, organized by the Office of the Director for Public Service Collections, Library of Congress ... [et al.]
International standard. 5964, Documentation : guidelines for the establishment and development of multilingual thesauri
Vocabulary control for information retrieval
Unesco thesaurus : a structured list of descriptors for indexing and retrieving literature in the fields of education, science, social and human science, culture, communication and information = Thesaurus de l'Unesco = Tesauro de la Unesco
Guidelines for the establishment and development of monolingual thesauri
Sport thesaurus : 1994 edition : the thesaurus of terminology used in SPORT database
The thesaurus : review, renaissance, and revision
Eurovoc thesaurus. Vol. 2, Subject-oriented thesaurus
Dynamism and stability in knowledge organization : proceedings of the sixth International ISKO Conference, 10-13 July 2000, Toronto, Canada
EUDISED-tesauruksen suomenkielinen laitos = Finnish edition of the EUDISEC thesaurus
CIS thesaurus : occupational safety and health
Thesaurus Eurovoc : user manual
Eurovoc thesaurus. Volume 3, Multilingual version
Unesco thesaurus : A structured list of descriptors for indexing and retrieving literature in the fields of education, science, social science, culture and communication. 1, Introduction : Classified thesaurus. Permuted index. Hierarchical display
Documentary languages and databases : papers from the Rome conference, Dec. 3-4, 1990 organized by the Istituto di Studi sulla Ricerca e Documentazione Scientifica
NCC thesaurus of computing terms
Roget's Thesaurus of English words and phrases
International bibliography of the social sciences : thematic list of descriptors : sociology = Bibliographie internationale des sciences sociales : liste thématique des descripteurs : sociogie
Oxford dictionary and thesaurus
Thesaurus of sponge morphology
Thesaurus of linguistic indexing terms
The Alko thesaurus 1 : social science terms
The thesaurus in retrieval
Collins  thesaurus a-z
Compact Oxford thesaurus for university and college students
Art and architecture thesaurus. 1: Volume 1
Sorting out the Web : approaches to subject access
SCIMP/SCANP thesaurus
Conservation thesaurus : version 1.0. by Tom Moritz
EUROVOC. [vol. 1], Alphabetical thesaurus 2.1
EUROVOC. Vol. 1, Alphabetical thesaurus
UNBIS thesaurus : trilingual list (English, French, Spanish) of terms used in subject analysis of documents and other materials relevant to United Nations programmes and activities
The Cassell thesaurus
Webster's Saami-English thesaurus dictionary
CAB thesaurus : vol. 1-2
Thesaurus for energy and rural development
A thesaurus of Old English in two volumes
Eurovoc thesaurus. Vol. 3, Multilingual thesaurus
Webster's new world thesaurus
Subject headings for the literature of law and international law
An accounting thesaurus : 500 years of accounting
Thesaurus of psychological index terms : 30th anniversary 1974-2004
