http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7401 general upper secondary school
general upper secondary school
English update. Course 1 : Highlights / Maija-Leena Kallela ... [et al.]
Four-part exercises in English
"This is my portfolio" : portfolios in upper secondary school English studies
Where do upper secondary school students come from? : case: Oulu region
Video programmes as learning tools : teaching the gas laws and behaviour of gases in Finnish and Canadian senior high schools
Effects of management by objectives : studies of Swedish upper secondary schools and the influence of role stress and self-efficacy on school leaders
The key
New cutting edge. Intermediate : class CDs
Princess in training
In touch. Course 1, Up close and personal
Vocabulary learning strategies employed by Finnish high school EFL students
Profiles. Course 7
Experiments in secondary and polytechnic education, Finland : interim report 1991-1993
Motivational strategies used by principals in the management of schools : the case of some selected secondary schools in the Fako Division of the Southwest Region of Cameroon
English update. Course 4 : Highlights / Maija-Leena Kallela ... [et al.]
The Finnish senior secondary research project. 1, General presentation of the project and its original subjects
Culture Café. Book 2
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 4
English update. Course 6
Lexical inferencing in reading in English on the secondary level
Culture Café. Book 7
Cultural heritage education in senior secondary schools - a Finnish perspective
Open road. Course 2
In touch. Course 8, Earthbeat
Senior secondary school in Finland
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 1
Seventeen-year-old Greg has managed to become part of every social group at his Pittsburgh high school without having any friends, but his life changes when his mother forces him to befriend Rachel, a girl he once knew in Hebrew school who has leukemia.
Princess in pink
Have a break, move and learn better : a material package for introducing more kinaesthetic exercises into upper secondary school English classes
Found
I read it, but I don't get it : comprehension strategies for adolescent readers
New cutting edge. Upper intermediate : class CDs
The english language social sciences programme at Kungsholmen's gymnasium. Interim evaluation for the national board of education
Open road. Course 3
I knew you were trouble
Princess Mia
Developing technology education : in search of curriculum elements for Finnish general education schools
The effort. The report. The story. The book : Project on english language teaching in European schools
Break my heart 1,000 times
Abstract (1 s.).
Haikyu!!. 5, Inter-high begins
Firelight
Task values and future expectations of Finnish adolescent athletes : a person-oriented approach
Language in late modernity : interaction in an urban school
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 6
IB upper secondary school and national upper secondary school students' attitudes towards English oral skills : a comparative study
The valuable textbooks : a study on relationship values and attitudes in an EFL-textbook series
Learning and teaching English speaking skills at upper secondary school : the students' and the teachers' views
Mathematics for the international student : pre-diploma SL and HL (MYP 5 Plus) : presumed knowledge for SL and HL courses : for use with IB middle years programme
In touch. Course 5, Just imagine!
Mathematics for the international student : mathematics HL (Core) : exam preparation & practice guide : for use with IB diploma programme
Classroom context's influence on students' willingness to communicate : a study of upper secondary school students' views
Culture Café. Book 3
Efficiency of Finnish upper secondary schools : an application of stochastic frontier anlysis with panel data
Promotion of learner autonomy in the EFL classroom : the students' view
English teaching in Finnish upper secondary schools : students' and teachers' perceptions
Diary of a girl next door: Betty
In touch. Course 8 : Earthbeat / Mikael Davies ... [et al.]
Around the world in four senses : a teaching material package for a high school culture course
In touch. Course 2, Been there, done that
Seconds away
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 7
An action research case study intervention : psychological skills training program in high school
Culture Café. Book 5
The Connected school : technology and learning in high school
Automatic assessment of assignments in mathematics and computing science by adaptive testing.
Shut out
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 3
Open road. Course 5
Translation - The fifth language skill? : a comparison of the role of translation in Finnish lukio and the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme
How students' voice can be heard in the Finnish context : the case of primary, lower secondary and upper secondary schools in Jyväskylä
Guidance and orientation in secondary schools
Culture Café. Book 8
On the phone : lukion ensimmäisen vuoden kokeilumateriaalia
Open road. Course 4
Ever since he saw the legendary player known as the "Little Giant" compete at the national volleyball finals, Shoyo Hinata has been aiming to be the best volleyball player ever! He decides to join the team at the high school the Little Giant went to-and then surpass him. Who says you need to be tall to play volleyball when you can jump higher than anyone else? After losing his first and last volleyball match against Tobio Kageyama, "the King of the Court," Shoyo Hinata swears to become his rival after graduating middle school. But what happens when the guy he wants to defeat ends up being his teammate?!
Building a professional learning community in a conflict and post-conflict environment : a case-study of a high school in Liberia
Same difference and other stories
English update. Course 2 : Highlights / Maija-Leena Kallela ... [et al.]
Role ambiguity among school principals in China and Finland
Culture Café. Book 4
Forever princess
New cutting edge. Pre-intermediate : class CDs
The circle
National core curriculum for upper secondary schools 2003 : national core curriculum for general upper secondary education intended for young people
Pragmatics exercises and pragmatic metalanguage in English United textbook series for Finnish upper secondary school
Fostering entrepreneurship education in Muurame and Voionmaa high schools
Oral competence in upper secondary school teaching : teachers and students' views
Karasuno has successfully defeated Tohru Oikawa and Aoba Johsai in their practice match, but the team's future doesn't look so bright. The match uncovered serious holes in Karasuno's defense, which would be fatal in a real game! What they need is a defense expert, a libero, to cover their holes for them. It turns out Karasuno does have a libero named Yu Nishinoya, but he was suspended for one week for violent behavior! And he's even shorter than Hinata!
In touch. Course 6, Days of miracle and wonder
Ways and views : an English-American reader
Business and working life expectations of secondary-level education graduates in terms of International competence in Southern Ostrobothnia
Derivation in Finnish upper secondary school English L2 textbooks
Supporting design knowledge with interactive self-evaluation method in Finnish upper-secondary schools
Use of music in English classrooms in lower and upper secondary schools and at university of applied sciences : a comparative study on teachers' perceptions and practices
In touch. Course 4, A world of difference
Book Girl and the scribe who faced God. Part 1
An exploration of principals' and teachers' perception of teacher leadership in Finland : the case of four upper secondary schools in Jyväskylä
Smart girls get what they want
Open road. Course 7
Understanding and improving the quality of secondary school education : conceptions among teachers in Tanzania
English united. Course 6
Teaching history for the common good
Insights. Course 1
A Diverse Observance of Life: Multiple Intelligences in Biology : alanimi
Job satisfaction among secondary school teachers in Tanzania : the case of Njombe district
Students' perceptions about the use of oral feedback in EFL classrooms
Princess in the spotlight
Education and training after basic schooling
Expert : English for construction workers : äänite
"I have a dream" : a material package on African American history and culture with a focus on communicative competence
The princess diaries
Open road. Course 1
ICT and curriculum change
Finnish upper secondary school EFL teachers' satisfaction with current textbooks
Fostering the relationship between home and school : a case study of a senior secondary school in the Gambia
"The world has gotten smaller" : third year IB high school students' perceptions on the international baccalaureate diploma programme: internationalisation, English medium instruction and career choice
Finnish EFL learners' size and depth of receptive vocabulary knowledge
HIV/AIDS education in secondary schools : a study of government bilingual high schools in Yaoundé, Cameroon
TRY IT! : READING COMPREHENSION EXERCISES
Taking it a tad further : comparing English and Swedish course materials in terms of presenting prosody and accent variation
Princess in waiting
Where should I begin ? How could I develop? : a handbook for teachers in general education to implement work life and entrepreneurship in their daily practices
Learning styles : quiet revolution in American secondary schools
A charmed life
Secondary teachers at work
Philip's modern school atlas
Thou shalt not write about... : a study of taboo content in Finnish EFL textbooks for upper secondary school
Me and Earl and the dying girl : a novel
Today and yesterday : a British-American reader = (Englantilais-amerikkalainen lukemisto lukioastetta varten)
English update. Course 3 : Highlights / Maija-Leena Kallela ... [et al.]
Culture Café. Book 6
Physics : course companion
Party princess
A Diverse Observance of Life: Multiple Intelligences in Biology
Open road. Course 6
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
Teaching and learning oral skills in Finnish upper secondary school : a study of students' and teachers' views on oral skills education
Princess in love
Communicating change from leadership : a case study on Kulosaari secondary school
English update. Course 4, Highlights : teacher's file
In touch. Course 3, Get a life
After proving themselves to be the ultimate combination in their practice match against Tsukishima, Kageyama and Hinata are finally allowed to join the club! Hinata's true power-to perfectly time his spikes with his eyes closed-is awakened and nothing can seem to stop this crazy setter-spiker duo. Now their skills are about to put to the test at a practice match against one of Kageyama's former teammates from middle school, Toru Oikawa.
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 5
