http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7415 distribution
distribution
Atlas of North European vascular plants : north of the tropic of Cancer. 1, Introduction, taxonomic index to the maps 1-996, maps 1-996
The Skylark
Proceedings of the 10th North American Caribou Workshop : Girdwood, Alaska, USA, 4 to 6 May, 2004
Juncus tenuis found in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Echium vulgare L., chiefly a weed in the Nordic countries, was previously rather rare in the south part of mainland Finland and very rare in the Åland Islands. It has suddenly became much more common during the last twenty years. E. vulgare has been found in all municipalities of the Åland Islands, except Brändö. The reason for the rapid expansion of the species is partly road construction with possible introduction with grass seed mixtures sown on the newly constructed road slopes and verges, and partly deliberate sowing of E. vulgare along roads in the municipality of Lemland and perhaps elsewhere. A few cases of the species sudden appearance are described.
Popularizing the Finnish sauna : the case of the American hospitality industry
The birds of China
Index Holmiensis : a world index of plant distribution maps. 10, Dicotyledoneae Q,R,S
The geographic distribution of frogs : patterns and predictions
Eesti putukate levikuatlas = Distribution maps of Estonian insects. 3, Kiililised - Odonata
Atlas of wintering North American birds : an analysis of Christmas bird count data
The illustrated encyclopedia of birds
Visakoivu = Curly birch
The old record of Chamorchis alpina from Rybachiy Peninsula, Murmansk Region has been confirmed and another old locality reported from Pechenga on the basis of two herbarium specimens collected by Jacob Fellman (H). The specimen from Pechenga was wrongly published as Herminium monorchis in Fellman's Index plantarum 1831. Chamorchis alpina has not been found in the Murmansk Region since more than 180 years, and it is proposed to be treated as regionally extinct (RE) in the Red Data Books dealing with the Region....
Tenthredinoidea of south-eastern Asia with a general zoogeographical review
Atlas of anatidae populations : in Africa and Western Eurasia
An atlas of past and present pollen maps for Europe : 0-13000 years ago
Mangora acalypha new to Finland, with notes on other araneid species spreading northwards (Araneae, Araneidae)
Atlante degli anfibi e dei rettili d'Italia = Atlas of Italian amphibians and reptiles
London international atlas of AIDS
Climate change, species range shifts and uncertainty : a new era of conservation planning
Cancer atlas of Northern Europe
Tabularia waernii (Diatomophyceae) in the northern Baltic Sea
The study was planned to find evidence on potential cultural factors in occurrence and distribution of soil-living mites (Oribatida and Mesostigmata) in Finland. Samples were taken from meadows, gardens and forest edges at (a) isolated cottages and (b) culturally exposed farms in two areas, Sipoo/Mäntsälä and Ilomantsi. Multiple factorial analyses revealed significant differences only between the areas. Number of species was lower in Ilomantsi, where several ”southern” species were absent. The typical forest species were more abundant in the forest habitat. There was no difference between ”Cottages” and ”Farms”..
The snakes of Europe
One genera of agaricoid fungi (Basidiomycota): Romagnesiella and 12 species are reported as new to Finland: Agaricus macrocarpus, Arrhenia obatra, Arrhenia obscurata, Arrhenia rigidipes, Coprinellus brevisetulosus, Coprinus candidatus, Entoloma plebejum, Hydnum vesterholtii, Inocybe phaeocystidiosa, Mycena clavata, Omphalina arctica and Romagnesiella clavus. Two genera of ascomycetoid fungi (Ascomycota): Strossmayeria, Phaeomollisia and 8 species are reported as new to Finland: Arachnopeziza delicatula, Hyaloscypha diabolica, Hyalopeziza cf. tianschanica, Phaeomollisia piceae, Phialina pseudopuberula, Sphaeropezia hepaticarum, Strossmayeria basitricha and Trichopeziza subsulphurea.    Information of species recently published elsewhere: Cortinarius angustisporus, C. cacaodiscus, C. caesioarmeniacus, C. centrirufus, C. crassisporus, C. cruentiphyllus, C. davemallochii, C. ferrugineovelatus, C. furvus, C. fuscescens, C. murinascens, C. privignipallens, C. pseudofervidus, C. roseivelatus, C. roseocastaneus, C. subbrunneoideus, C. subexitiosus, C. squamivenetus, C. uraceisporus, Hebeloma eburneum, H. salicicola, Hygrophorus exiguus and Psathyrella fennoscandica is brought here together. New records of little collected and rare taxa Coprinopsis patouillardii, Cuphophyllus cinerellus, Galerina perplexa, Galerina pruinatipes, Gorgoniceps hypothallosa, Inocybe boreocarelica, Marasmius setosus, Psathyrella potteri, Psathyrella tenuicula, Russula adulterina, Russula pyriodora, Scutellinia trechispora, Sowerbyella imperialis and Volvariella murinella are also listed. Corrections of previous information are given on: Cortinarius angulosus (under C. duristipes), Coprinopsis patouillardii and Psathyrella potteri.
Platybunus pinetorum (Arachnida, Opiliones) new to Sweden
Genetic structure of the brown bears (Ursus arctos) in Northern Europe
A complete guide to reptiles of Australia
Polar bears : the natural history of a threatened species
Profiles of Islamic countries
Pholcus phalangioides in Finland (Araneae, Pholcidae)
Rails : a guide to the rails, crakes, gallinules and coots of the world
The Golden Oriole
Sylvia warblers
India : five thousand years of Indian art
Birds of New Zealand, Hawaii and the Central and West Pacific
Field guide to Indian mammals
In 2013 and 2015 several specimens of the opilionid Platybunus pinetorum (C.L. Koch, 1839) were found in Sweden in two different places almost 500 kilometers from each other. The species was not previously known in the country. The discovery initiated a survey of specimens reported as Rilaena triangularis (Herbst, 1799) on two Swedish web pages, in search for misidentified P. pinetorum. A further three specimens of the new species were found, indicating that it is already rather widespread in southern Sweden.
Shrikes & bush-shrikes : including wood-shrikes, helmet-shrikes, flycatcher-shrikes, philentomas, batises and wattle-eyes
High seroprevalence of Simkania negevensis in Jordan
New national and regional biological records for Finland 5. Contributions to agaricoid and ascomycetoid taxa of fungi 4.
Atlas of bird distribution in New Zealand 1999-2004
Biogeography
Invertebrates of Inari Lapland, Finland
Distribution, abundance and species richness of butterflies and myrmecophilous beetles
Atlas florae europaeae. 11 : Cruciferae (Ricotia to Raphanus)  / edited by Jaakko Jalas, Juha Suominen & Raimo Lampinen on the basis of team-work of European botanists
Atlas of North European vascular plants : north of the tropic of Cancer. 3, Commentary to the maps, total index
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. The presence of Scutellaria popovii Vved. in Talas Range is confirmed and documented with herbarium specimens, and this species is mapped. The known distributions of Galinsoga parviflora Cav. and Reseda lutea L., established invasive aliens, are documented with many new records and mapped. Eminium alberti (Regel) Engl. ex B. Fedtsch., Iris inconspicua (Vved.) T. Hall & Seisums, I. khassanovii Tojibaev et Turginov and Lagopsis flava Kar. et Kir. are reported as new to Kyrgyzstan. Astragalus testiculatus Pall., Corydalis glaucescens Regel, Morina parviflora Kar. et Kir., Pedicularis karatavica Pavlov, Tulipa turkestanica (Regel) Regel are reported as new to Talas Range, and Iris narbutii O. Fedtsch. as new to Alay Range. The distributions of Iris linifolia (Regel) O. Fedtsch. and I. narynensis O. Fedtsch. in Kyrgyzstan are verified and mapped. Iris zenaidae (Vved.) F.O. Khass. & Rakhimova is reduced to the synonymy of I. graeberiana Sealy; this species is reported as new to many territories of Western Tian-Shan. A new combination, Iris rodionenkoi (Lazkov & Naumenko) Lazkov & Sennikov is provided for Juno rodionenkoi Lazkov & Naumenko. The species known as Cephalorrhynchus polycladus (Boiss.) Kirp. is transferred to Lactuca as L. piestocarpa (Boiss.) Sennikov, comb. nov. with a new section, L. sect. Zollikoferiastrum (Kirp.) Sennikov, comb. nov.; this species is new to Kyrgyzstan.
Owls of the world : a photographic guide
Studies on the taxonomy, chemistry, ecology and distribution of the lichen genus Usnea in British Columbia and eastern Fennoscandia
A field guide to the mammals of South-East Asia
Baryphyma gowerense (Locket, 1965), Entelecara flavipes (Blackwall, 1834) and Rugathodes instabilis (O. P.-Cambridge, 1871) are reported for the first time in Finland. The first species was found by pitfall trapping on a wide aapa mire in Lapland and the two others by sweep netting on hemiboreal meadows on the Finnish south coast. The spider assemblages of the sites are described.
Collins butterfly guide : [the most complete guide to the butterflies of Britain and Europe]
The complete illustrated encyclopedia of dinosaurs & prehistoric creatures : the ultimate illustrated reference guide to 1000 dinosaurs and prehistoric creatures, with 2000 specially commissioned illustrations, maps and photographs
Birds of prey of the Indian subcontinent
Checklist of Finnish Lepidoptera = Suomen perhosten luettelo
Nelson Mandela/HSRC study of HIV/AIDS : South African National HIV prevalence, behavioural risks and mass media
The Gyrfalcon
A new series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. Carex subphysodes Popov ex V.Krecz., Astragalus sogdianus Bunge, Oxytropis ferganensis Vass. and Iris maracandica (Vved.) Wendelbo (all native), and also Delphinium orientalis J.Gay (alien) are reported as new to Kyrgyzstan. Sedum tetramerum Trautv. is new to Northern Tian-Shan, and Scirpoides holoschoenus (L.) Soják is new to Chatkal Range and Western Tian-Shan within Kyrgyzstan. The distribution area of Torilis arvensis (Huds.) Link is revised and expanded, and the distribution of Eremurus zoae Vved. (endemic to Kyrgyzstan) is verified and mapped. New names and combinations, Betonica sect. Foliosae (Krestovsk. & Lazkov) Lazkov, Eriophyton anomalum (Juz.) Lazkov & Sennikov, Kudrjaschevia sect. Jacubianae Lazkov, Lagochilus sect. Chlainanthus (Briq.) Lazkov, Leonurus sect. Panzerioidei (Krestovsk.) Lazkov, Phlomoides sect. Pseuderemostachys (Popov) Lazkov, and Scutellaria sect. Ramosissimae Lazkov, are provided as a result of the forthcoming monographic revision of Lamiaceae. Two hybrids are described in Eremurus, E. fuscus × E. cristatus = E. ×nikitinae Lazkov and E. cristatus × E. zoae = ×E. gypsaceus Lazkov. Places of valid publication and the authorship of Iris svetlanae (Vved.) T.Hall & Seisums and Erianthera anomala Juz. are corrected. Iris svetlanae is synonymized with I. maracandica. A new colour form (with pinkish flowers) of Betonica betoniciflora (Rupr. ex O.Fedtsch. & B.Fedtsch.) Sennikov is described. English-language designations are provided for the map of biogeographic provinces of Kyrgyzstan.
A photographic guide to the birds of Japan and North-East Asia
Atlas of the geographical distribution of fungi in Poland. 3
A revision of Axinaea (Melastomataceae)
Population dynamics of blue mussels in a variable environment at the edge of their range
Birds of the Indian Ocean islands
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Spiders of Leicestershire & Rutland
A small stand of Slender Rush or Path Rush, Juncus tenuis Willd., was found on trampled gravelly and stony ground at the edge of a car park on a path to café Soltuna on the hills of Geta (Getabergen). There were only 3 larger and 13 small tussocks of the species growing on approximately one square metre. The accompanying vascular plants were few; Agrostis cf. capillaris, Juncus effusus, Leontodon autumnalis, Plantago major subsp. major and Poa annua were the only taxa observed among the rush tussocks. Juncus tenuis was not seen during investigations of the vascular plant flora at Soltuna in 2003 and 2007. Juncus tenuis is introduced from North America to Europe and elsewhere....
Annotated checklist and distribution of the vascular plants of El Hierro, Canary Islands, Spain
The freshwater crustacea of Yorkshire : a faunistic and ecological survey
Helsingin pesimälintujen levinneisyyskartasto = Atlas maps of breeding birds in Helsinki
The birds of Turkey
Preoperative axillary staging in invasive breast cancer
The bacterium Simkania negevensis is a germ associated with respiratory diseases. This study aims at estimating the prevalence of Simkania in the Jordanian population. Serum samples from 664 Jordanian males and females, aged 2 to 86 years were collected. IgG and IgM Simkania-specific antibodies were detected using an indirect immunofluorescence test. Seropositivity titers for IgG and IgM were defined as 1:8 and 1:10, respectively. The overall prevalence of IgG antibody in all examined Jordanian nationals was 58.4%. IgG seropositivity was low in children under the age of 10 years (34.2%), and increased rapidly with age and ranged between 49.4% and 72%. Simkania-specific IgM was detected in 24.8% of subjects. IgM prevalence in children under 10 years was lowest (10.5%) and increased in older ages and remained above 20%. Overall detection rates of both IgG and IgM were significantly higher in females than males (60.7% vs. 54.5% for IgG and 26.7% vs. 21.7% for IgM). These data indicate that Simkania infection is highly prevalent in Jordan. The high level of seropositivity is most likely maintained by re-infections or chronic infections. Our data may serve as a basis to elucidate the pathogenesis of Simkania in Jordan.
Cultural factors in the distribution of soil mites in Finland
Atlas rozmieszczenia roslin naczyniowych w Polsce (Atpol) : reklamówka = Distribution atlas of vascular plants in Poland (Atpol) : prospectus
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 4.
Finnish birds : their distribution and numbers
Chorological connections of woody Rosaceae between SE Europe and SW Asia
This book examines what will happen to global invasive species, including plants, animals and pathogens with current and expected man-made climate change. The effects on distribution, success, spread and impact of invasive species are considered for a series of case studies from a number of countries. This book will be of great value to researchers, policymakers and industry in responding to changing management needs.
Reed and bush warblers
Birds of South America : Passerines
The Arctic Bramble, Rubus arcticus L., was found in Gottby in the municipality of Jomala, the Åland Islands, SW Finland, in June 2009. It was both flowering and fruiting, although rather sparingly. This boreal species has not been observed in the Åland Islands since 1950. The total distribution of the species is outlined. An account is given of the previous six observations of R. arcticus in Åland. The dispersal of the seeds (endocarps with seeds) of R. arcticus is treated..
Birds of New Zealand ; Locality guide
Two land snail species new to Finland: Macrogastra borealis (O. Boettger, 1878) and Quickella arenaria (Potiez & Michaud, 1835) (Mollusca: Gastropoda)
Catalogue of the Heteroptera of the Palaearctic Region. 5, Pentatomomorpha II
Ecology : the experimental analysis of distribution and abundance
The slow plague : a geography of the AIDS pandemic
Notes on the taxonomy and distribution of Cololejeunea platyneura (Hepaticae, Lejeuneaceae)
Index Holmiensis : a world index of plant distribution maps. 8, Dicotyledoneae K - M
Birds of Western & Central Africa
Records are presented of two land snail species which were not earlier known from Finland. Macrogastra borealis (O. Boettger, 1878) (Clausiliidae) was found already in the year 2006 from a nature reserve in Urjala, southwestern Finland (WGS84 lat: 60.9924 lon: 23.4476), but at first the species was misidentified. Totally 14 specimens were collected. The habitat is old mixed forest on dolomitic bedrock. The nearest records of Macrogastra borealis are from Estonia, 300 km southeast to Urjala. Quickella arenaria (Potiez & Michaud, 1835) (Succineidae) was found in the year 2013 from Oulanka National Park in Kuusamo, northeastern Finland (WGS84 lat: 66.3574 lon: 29.5998). Totally 19 specimens were collected from wet vegetation along a calcareous spring brook. The nearest records of Quickella arenaria have been made in northern Sweden, more than 600 km southwest to Kuusamo. Data about accompanying molluscs are given for both of the two new species. It is suggested that the present remote sites of Macrogastra borealis, Quickella arenaria and some other snail species are perhaps relics from wider ranges in earlier more favourable climatic periods.
Catalogue of life 2004 : 2004 annual checklist: indexing the world's known species
Eurasian large mammal dynamics in response to changing environments during the Late Neogene
A new record of Arctic Bramble, Rubus arcticus, in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Plant invasions : general aspects and special problems
Index Holmiensis : a world index of plant distribution maps. 9, Dicotyledoneae N - P
Arctic arthropods : a review of systematics and ecology with particular reference to the North American fauna
Biogeography : space, time and life
Encyclopedia of reptiles and amphibians : [habits and care - exotic and native]
Collins BTO guide to British birds
Effects of turbidity on feeding and distribution of fish
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 2.
The landsnails of Madeira : an illustrated compendium of the landsnails and slugs of the Madeiran archipelago
Ice bear : a natural and unnatural history of the polar bear
The structure and dynamics of geographic ranges
The northern amphi-atlantic seashore sedge Carex mackenziei V. I. Krecz. was found by us in four localities in 2008-2011, two in Kökar and one in Brändö in the eastern archipelago and one in Sund on the mainland of Åland. The hybrid C. canescens L. × mackenziei (C. × pseudohelvola Kihlm.), which occurs regularly together with C. mackenziei, was found in Sund in 2010 and 2011. The generaldistribution of the two taxa is outlined. The previous finds of C. mackenziei and the hybrid in the Åland Islands during the 19th and 20th centuries are referred to. The future of Carex mackenziei and its hybrid in the Åland Islands is discussed..
Stonechats : a guide to the genus Saxicola
Field guide to the waders of Europe, Asia and North America
Dictionary of cultivated plants and their regions of diversity : excluding most ornamentals, forest trees and lower plants
Birds of Southern Africa
Echium vulgare (Boraginaceae) in the Åland Islands
The reptiles of the Western Palearctic : annotated checklist and distributional atlas of the turtles, crocodiles, amphisbaenians and lizards of Europe, North Africa, Middle East and Central Asia
Babblers, biogeography and Bayesian reasoning
An understanding of the genetic variation of the beech, especially at the edge of its natural distribution, is essential because of the change in natural distribution of the species resulting from changing climatic conditions. The main aim of the study was to determine the level of genetic diversity of European beech at the north-eastern edge of its natural range. The other aim was to check the genetic variation of beech from the two centres, the north and the south of Poland, which were identified in previous findings based on pollen analyses and phenotypic traits. The research material was the progeny of twelve beech provenances. The genetic structure of the populations was determined by ten highly variable microsatellite DNA loci. The results confirmed the high genetic diversity of beech at the north-eastern edge of its natural distribution, which infers the probability of their good adaptation to the changing climate and an extension of the range. Genetic analyses confirmed the existence of two genetic centres for beech in Poland. The populations from south-eastern Poland had a slightly higher diversity than the populations from the north-western area, which may indicate that the colonisation of Poland occurred by two routes. The results are important for creating the borders of the provenance regions and for limiting the transfer of seeds and seedlings. The choice of forest reproductive material, based on the knowledge of genetic diversity, is very important for the stability of future forests.
Birds of Costa Rica
Spreading the word : the Welsh language 2001
Two specimens of Mangora acalypha (Walckenaer, 1802) were found in a rich pine fen in Hammarland on the Åland Islands in 2015. The possible connection of global climate change with five recently (within the last 15 years) recorded araneid species as new to Finland is discussed. These are, in addition to M. acalypha, Agalenatea redii (Scopoli, 1763), Argiope bruennichi (Scopoli, 1772), Larinioides sclopetarius (Clerck, 1757), Neoscona adianta (Walckenaer, 1802).
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Biology and ecology of Norway spruce
The distribution and abundance of animals
Atlas of the geographical distribution of fungi in Poland. 2
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan
Pigeons and doves : a guide to the pigeons and doves of the world
The classification and geography of the flowering plants : dicotyledons of the class Angiospermae : (subclasses Magnoliidae, Ranunculidae, Caryophyllidae, Dillenidae, Rosidae, Asteridae, and Lamiidae
Plants of southern Africa : an annotated checklist
Provisional atlas of the insects of the British Isles. Part 4, Siphonaptera : fleas
Birds of Western Africa
The distribution atlas of European butterflies
Invasive species and global climate change
Taxonomy, distribution, biology and conservation status of Finnish Auchenorrhyncha (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha et Cicadomorpha)
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Taxonomy, distribution, biology and conservation status of Finnish Auchenorrhyncha (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha et Cicadomorpha).
Provisional atlas of the lacewings and allied insects (Neuroptera, Megaloptera, Raphidioptera and Mecoptera) of Britain and Ireland
Birds of Eastern Africa
The consequences of spatial environmental variability on dispersal and on the spatial distribution of species
Manual of phytogeography or an account of plant-dispersal throughout the world
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. One transfer in Lamiaceae, Betonica betoniciflora is proposed because of priority under the current phylogeny; a white-flowered form is described within this species. Youngia serawschanica (Crepidifolium serawschanicum) is moved to Crepidiastrum, following the phylogenetic studies in Cichorieae. The only species of the former genus Modestia, M. darwasica is transferred to Jurinea because of its nested position in the molecular phylogeny. Jurinea sect. Anacantha is proposed for the placement of this species in the system of Jurinea. Modestia jucunda, M. mira and M. pteroclada are established as new synonyms of Jurinea darwasica. New substitute names Phlomoides codonantha and P. deserticola, new combinations P. dshungarica and P. karatavica, and three new sectional names are proposed in connection with the synonymization of Eremostachys and Paraeremostachys with Phlomoides. Fritillaria ferganensis is resurrected from the synonymy of F. walujewii; an identification key is provided, and the distributions of both species in Kyrgyzstan are mapped. Lectotypes are designated for Crepis distincta and Fritillaria walujewii. Allium setifolium is new to Ili Ala-Too, Arctium echinopifolium (Hypacanthium echinopifolium) to Kyrgyz Range, Saussurea vvedenskyi to Talas Ala-Too, Hypopitys hypophegea to Chatkal Range. Rhaponticum namanganicum is recorded on the S side of Chatkal Range, extending the distribution area southwards..
Production and trade of Etrurian terra sigillata pottery in Roman Etruria and beyond between c. 50 BCE and c. 150 CE
Index Holmiensis : a world index of plant distribution maps. 6, Dicotyledoneae D-F
Areal distribution and typological diversity of languages spoken in Europe and North and Central Asia. Vol. 1, Areal distribution of languages spoken in Europe and North and Central Asia
Birds of Venezuela
Distribution ecology : from individual habitat use to species biogeographical range
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 3.
Freshwater fishes of the Timika Region New Guinea
Birds of the Seward Peninsula, Alaska : their biogeography, seasonality, and natural history
New data on the distribution of Sphagnum molle in Karelia (Russia)
Zoogeographical studies on the land mollusca of the province of Dalsland (SW.Sweden)
Sunbirds : a guide to the sunbirds, flowerpeckers. spiderhunters, and sugarbirds of the world
Where do camels belong? In the Arab world may seem the obvious answer, but they are relative newcomers there. They evolved in North America, retain their greatest diversity in South America, and the only remaining wild dromedaries are in Australia. This instructive and controversial book delivers unexpected answers.
The Clavarias of the United States and Canada
Index Holmiensis : a world index of plant distribution maps. 7, Dicotyledoneae G-J
Chamorchis alpina and Epipactis helleborine in the Murmansk Region, Russia, and assessments of the orchids in the Region using the IUCN Red List Categories
The movements of fin and blue whales within the antarctic zone
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 1 : Pteridophyta (Psilotaceae to Azollaceae)
World records of Lecanidae (Rotifera, Monogononta)
Distribution of genetic diversity in Fagus sylvatica at the north-eastern edge of the natural range
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region : implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Carex mackenziei and C. canescens × mackenziei in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
The complete whale-watching handbook  : a guide to whales, dolphins, and porpoises of the world
Coleoptera of Tristan da Cunha
Checklist of dragonfly from Vietnam
The geographical range of the synanthropic spider Pholcus phalangioides is increasing. During the 15 years since its first documented occurrence in Finland, observations have accumulated substantially. Notably, a public inquiry in 2014 almost doubled the amount. Presently the total number of observations is 62, most of them from the southwestern parts of the country, the northernmost being from Pietarsaari (63°40' N).
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. Two new hybrids (Delphinium × pskemense Sennikov & Lazkov, Perovskia × intermedia Lazkov) are described. The variety Rhinactinidia limoniifolia var. brachyglossa Lazkov & Sennikov and forma Rubus praecox Bertol. f. rutiliflorus H.E.Weber & Sennikov are described for unusual morphotypes of these species. Five transfers from Pyrethrum to Richteria (R. brachanthemoides (Kamelin & Lazkov) Sennikov, R. neglecta (Tzvelev) Sennikov, R. sovetkinae (Kovalevsk.) Sennikov, R. sussamyrensis (Lazkov) Sennikov, R. sect. Trichanthemopsis (Tzvelev) Sennikov) are proposed in conformity with the phylogeny of Anthemideae....
Analytical biogeography : an integrated approach to the study of animal and plant distributions
Space use and habitat selection of the wolf (Canis lupus) in human-altered environment in Finland
Distribution and taxonomy of birds of the world
Report of the High-level Panel on Information and Communication Technology : New York, 17-20 April 2000.
World geographical scheme for recording plant distributions
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region: implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Catalogue of the Heteroptera of the Palaearctic Region. 3, Cimicomorpha II
Chrorology of trees and shrubs in South-West Asia and adjacent regions : phytogeographical analysis
Systematics and biogeography of Aralia L. (Araliaceae) : revision of Aralia Sects. Aralia, Humiles, Nanae, and Sciadodendron
Climate change and range shifts in two insect defoliators : gypsy moth and nun moth : a model study
Host-parasite interactions of boreal forest grouse and their intestinal helminth parasites
The shorebird guide
The hemiptera
A distributional study of the birds of British Honduras
The post-larval stages of sand-eels (Ammodytidae) in Faroe, Iceland and W-Greenland waters
A field guide to the birds of East and Central Africa
Atlas of New World marsupials
R-mode analysis of taiga bird distributions: comparison between qualitative and quantitative data
Host–parasite interactions of boreal forest grouse and their intestinal helminth parasites
Atlas of North European vascular plants : north of the tropic of Cancer. 2, Taxonomic index to the maps 997-1936, maps 997-1936
International cooperation with the Nansen Programme : report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Banjul, Gambia, 2-11 May 2006 = Coopération internationale avec le Programme Nansen : Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des Petits Pélagiques au large de l'Afrique Nord-occidentale : Banjul, Gambie, 2-11 mai 2006.
Human planet : nature's greatest human stories
Catalogue of the Heteroptera of the Palaearctic Region. 4, Pentatomomorpha I
The illustrated encyclopedia of animals of Africa, Britain and Europe
Where do camels belong? : the story and science of invasive species
Field guide to the birds of Peru
First records of spiders (Araneae) Baryphyma gowerense (Locket, 1965) (Linyphiidae), Entelecara flavipes (Blackwall, 1834) (Linyphiidae) and Rugathodes instabilis (O. P.-Cambridge, 1871) (Theridiidae) in Finland
Invasive insects in Europe : the role of climate change and global trade
Herons and egrets of the world : a photographic journey
Birds of the Horn of Africa : Ethiopia, Eritrea, Djibouti, Somalia, Socotra
