http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7417 study techniques
study techniques
Study skills in English : tutor's book
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
Teaching, training and learning : a practical guide
Study skills for nurses
"This is my portfolio" : portfolios in upper secondary school English studies
Advanced critical thinking skills
The student's guide to exam success
Writing with a thesis : a rhetoric and reader
Successful study : a practical way to get a good degree
Educating and training
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 4, Team-working : course book
Teaching students to learn : a student-centred approach
Motivating students in information literacy classes
Baillière's study skills for nurses
Study skills for Master's level students : a reflective approach for health and social care
Studying for success
Effective study skills
Research methods for nurses and the caring professions
Study skills : home learning pack
Learning English in a virtual classroom : aspects of communication and interaction
Developmental reading in high schools
Academic writing for graduate students : essential tasks and skills
How to pass your marketing exams : the guide to becoming a successful marketing student
Contact, a textbook in applied communications
This guide teaches you how to read critically. Its no-nonsense, practical approach uses a specially developed reading code to help you read articles for your research project; this simple code enables you to decipher journal articles structurally, mechanically and grammatically. Refreshingly free of jargon and written with you in mind, it's packed full of interdisciplinary advice that helps you to decode and critique academic writing. The author's fuss free approach will improve your performance, boost your confidence and help you to: Read and better understand content Take relevant effective notes Manage large amounts of information in an easily identifiable and retrievable format Write persuasively using formal academic language and style. New to this edition: Additional examples across a range of subjects, including education, health and sociology as well as criminology Refined terminology for students in the UK, as well as around the world More examples dealing specifically with journal articles.
Active reading skills : reading and critical thinking in college
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Study skills handbook : a guide for all teachers
Academic culture : a student's guide to studying at university
Study skills for business and management students
Use both sides of your brain
Chapter 1: The qualification scheme. - Chapter 2: Selecting the appropriate qualification. - Chapter 3: Adult learning principles. - Chapter 4: The right qualification for the right people. - Chapter 5: Course and examination preparation tips. - Chapter 6: Understanding the exam paper. -  Chapter 7: Understanding the question. - Chapter 8: Exploring the syllabus. - Chapter 9: Using scenarios for practice. -Chapter 10: Using exam questions for practice. - Chapter 11: Using answers and rationales for practice.
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 12, Examination technique : course book
A survival guide for art history students
The learning revolution : a lifelong learning programme for the world's finest computer: your amazing brain
Everyone can write : a guide to get you started
Dimensions of university student learning in medicine and pharmacy
Studying for a Degree : how to succeed as a mature student in higher education
Study skills for art, design, and media students
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
Use your head : how to unleash the power of your mind
Note-taking : student handout
Studying history
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
Improving teaching and learning through assessment : a problem-based learning (PBL) approach
Design of a virtual learning environment for students with special needs
The survivor's guide to library research
New insight into IELTS : student's book with answers
Studying university & college
Reading, writing and reasoning  : a guide for students
Guiding readers through text : a review of study guides
Long-term memory problems in children and adolescents : assessment, intervention, and effective instruction
Manage your time
Dynamic learning
Learning journals : a handbook for academics, students and professional development
Studying creatively : a creativity toolkit to get your studies out of a rut
Roots in the sawdust : writing to learn across the disciplines
Study smarter, not harder
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 5, Problem-solving : course book
Writing talk : paragraphs and short essays
APA style guide to electronic references
Study skills for managers
Reading and the work of restoration : history and scripture in the theology of Hugh of St. Victor
Supporting independent language learning : issues and interventions
ICT in Chilean schools : students' and teachers' access to and use of ICT
Success with mathematics
Serious games analytics
Learning how to learn : applied theory for adults
Use your head
A guide to graphic organizers : helping students organize and process content for deeper learning
How to write essays : a practical guide for students
Study skills in English. Student's book
How to read a Shakespeare play
Key research & study skills in psychology
The concept of study skill(s) : paper presented at the Sixth International Conference on Improving University Teaching, Lausanne, Switzerland, July 9-12, 1980
Scholars' secrets : how to get your A's
Effects of authentic learning and e-learning in an introductory chemistry laboratory course
Brain train : studying for success
Explorations of constructive processes in student learning
The study skills handbook
Breaking the language barrier : creating your own pathway to success
Managing your own learning
A student's guide to studying psychology
Learn how to study : a guide for students of all ages
Successful study for degrees
This first-of-its-kind reference moves the concepts and methodologies of game analytics and learning analytics into the emerging field of serious games. The book calls for more validated and standardized research into serious games analytics, backing up this demand with ways that player data can be transformed into information of value to the academic and serious games sectors. Featured methodologies derive from diverse disciplines, from computer science and data visualization to learning science and statistics. And the volume's second half highlights new frontiers for serious games in medical education and patient care, psychological profile generation, and learning support.   Included in the coverage:   A meta-analysis of data collection in serious games research. Measuring expert-performance for serious games analytics: from data to insights. Comparative visualization of player behavior for serious games analytics. The role of serious games in robot exoskeleton assisted rehabilitation of stroke patients. Design of game-based stealth assessment and learning support. A game design methodology for generating a psychological profile of players.   Serious Games Analytics gives educators, instructional designers, and researchers in educational technology a fuller grasp of the knowledge learners access in serious game play, and data and ideas leading to the next wave of serious games.
A guide to learning independently
How to remember anything : improve your memory and progress your career
How to study successfully for better exam results
Finding facts : interviewing, observing, using reference sources
Super Sudy Skills : The ultimate guide to tests and studying
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Learning to learn in higher education
Maximizing study abroad : a students' guide to strategies for language and culture learning and use
Writing with a purpose
How to study : a practical guide
Using your learning styles
Virtuality and digital nomadism : an introduction to the LIVE Project (1997-2000)
Study skills For dummies
The effect of study strategies on learning from text
Language learning strategies in Finnish upper secondary school textbooks In touch 1-3 and Culture Café 1-3
How to speed read
The changing faces of virtual education
How to write essays : a step-by-step guide for all levels, with sample essays
How to study : practical tips for university students
Ways of reading : advanced reading skills for students of English literature
Keys to effective learning : study skills and habits for success
Succeed in college!
Writing a report : A step-by-step guide to effective report writing
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 6, Critical thinking : course book
Study skills for learning power
Learn how to study : a programmed introduction to better study techniques
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Theory and practice in language studies
Mind mapping for dummies
Study skills for health and social care students
Passing the ITIL V3 intermediate exams : the study guide
Teaching study skills
Study skills for academic writing : Student's book
The good study guide
How to read journal articles in the social sciences : a very practical guide for students
Improve your reading
Doing essays & assignments : essential tips for students
Becoming a master student : tools, techniques, hints, ideas, illustrations, examples, methods, procedures, processes, skills, resources, and suggestions for success
Student success secrets
Hold on, you lost me! : use learning styles to create training that sticks
How people learn : brain, mind, experience, and school
A short guide to writing about psychology
Learning styles : quiet revolution in American secondary schools
How to read a book : the art of getting a liberal education
The homework myth : why our kids get too much of a bad thing
Strategies for college success : a study skills guide
Buzan's study skills : mind maps, memory techniques, speed reading
Studyguide for joining together : group theory and group skills
Study skills simplified
Study skills for dummies
How to study
Speed reading in a week
Study skills for nurses : A practical guide
Learning how to study again : a practical guide to study skills for mature students returning to education or distance learning
The sociology student writer's manual
Passing exams : a guide for maximum success and minimum stress
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 2, Academic culture : course book
Smartphones in vocational tourism education : truly useful or just another reason to find new excuses
Outlines the steps needed to increase your memory power and pass your exams. This book is aimed at those at school studying a foreign language or at university revising for an examination toward a degree. It shows a way to accelerated learning and aims to help you achieve top grades in any subject.
Reading enhancement and development
How to learn almost anything in 48 hours : shortcuts and brain hacks for learning new skills fast
Reading comprehension materials for students of social and behavioural sciences. 3, Economics
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 11, Presentations : course book
The Facts On File guide to research
Multitasking-Impact of ICT on learning
TelE-learning : the challenge for the third millennium : IFIP 17th World Computer Congress--TC3 stream on telE-learning, August 25-30, 2002, Montreal, Quebec
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Study! : a guide to effective learning, revision and examination techniques
How to pass exams : accelerate your learning, memorize key facts, revise effectively
E-learning and communication in teachers' training project: case: ADAPTYKES project
The Complete Guide to the Learning Styles Inservice System
