http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7416 learning styles
learning styles
Teaching, training and learning : a practical guide
The trainer's handbook
Proceedings of the 4th annual ELSIN conference, 28 and 29 June 1999, University of Central Lancashire, Preston, UK
Educating the reflective practitioner : [toward a new design for teaching and learning professions]
Making sense of experiential learning : diversity in theory and practice
Educating and training
Learning styles and learning strategies. 1, Conversation theory : the work of Gordon Pask
Multiculturalism and learning style : teaching and counceling adolescents
Cognitive style and socialisation : an exploration of learned sources of style in Finland, Poland and the UK
Vocabulary learning strategies employed by Finnish high school EFL students
Technology-assisted problem solving for engineering education : interactive multimedia applications
Kannessa: A complete resource with research-supported strategies to help you plan and organize differentiated instruction and achieve success with all learners. Applying brain research findings - designing appropriate assessments. Scaffolding learning and increasing challenges - fostering intrinsic motivation. Responding to diverse learning styles.
Towards a phenomenography of learning. 1, Integrating experiential aspects
Planning a training of customer service quality for front line employees in hospitality industry in Finland
Towards the measurement of organization's learning orientations
Bridging cognition and personality in education : the role of style in performance and development
Getting to "Got it!" : helping struggling students learn how to learn
Orientation manual for New Sun Gate Motel
Developmental reading in high schools
Diversity is our strength : the learning revolution in action
Learning styles : knowledge, issues and applications for classroom teachers
Inquiry-guided learning
Theories of learning. Volume 1-4
The theory and practice of learning
Thinking styles
Study skills for business and management students
A handbook of reflective and experiential learning : theory and practice
The experience of learning
Peer tutoring : a guide to learning by teaching
The learning revolution : a lifelong learning programme for the world's finest computer: your amazing brain
Dimensions of university student learning in medicine and pharmacy
Knowing and reasoning in college : gender-related patterns in students' intellectual development
Learning in college : the learning and study strategies of Norwegian college students : a series of empirical investigations and a cross-cultural perspective
How to reach & teach all students in the inclusive classroom : ready-to-use strategies, lessons and activities for teaching students with diverse learning needs
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
Fostering science and technical studies in secondary schools through conceptual labs derived from interactive multimedia
Learning styles and inclusion
Using active learning in college classes : a range of options for faculty
Learning strategies and skill learning : essays in honour of Nils Søvik
Exploring gender : questions and implications for English language education
White paper on education and training : teaching and learning : towards the learning society
Language learning strategies in English exercise books for the third grade of comprehensive school
Raising boys' achievement in schools
Teaching at Its Best is the bestselling, research–based toolbox for college instructors at any level, in any higher education setting. Packed with practical guidance, proven techniques, and expert perspectives, this book helps instructors improve student learning both face–to–face and online. This new fourth edition features five new chapters on building critical thinking into course design, creating a welcoming classroom environment, helping students learn how to learn, giving and receiving feedback, and teaching in multiple modes, along with the latest research and new questions to facilitate faculty discussion. Topics include new coverage of the flipped classroom, cutting–edge technologies, self–regulated learning, the mental processes involved in learning and memory, and more, in the accessible format and easy–to–understand style that has made this book a much–valued resource among college faculty. Good instructors are always looking for ways to improve student learning. With college classrooms becoming increasingly varied by age, ability, and experience, the need for fresh ideas and techniques has never been greater. This book provides a wealth of research–backed practices that apply across the board. Teach students practical, real–world problem solving Interpret student ratings accurately Boost motivation and help students understand how they learn Explore alternative techniques, formats, activities, and exercises Given the ever–growing body of research on student learning, faculty now have many more choices of effective teaching strategies than they used to have, along with many more ways to achieve excellence in the classroom.
The hospitality industry is continuously looking for ways to improve its service. It is under-standable that the customer experience very often starts with the contact of front line employees. Therefore, basic skills and knowledge should be acquired in order to provide customer service quality, which can be achieved through training, as the thesis will show.    The present thesis is project-based  and was set to plan training on customer service quality by using academic research, the practices of leaders in the industry and the authors' own experience. The theoretical framework started by establishing the format of the training discussing topics such as: learning styles; training; and teaching tools. Customer service quality theory; selling; job satisfaction; and team work were to provide the information on the skills and knowledge to be transmitted in the training. The result can be used as a guideline to build an effective training about customer service quality where the learning experience of the listener would be maximised.    In order to create an understandable setting of factors of customer service quality, the deter-minants of service quality, found in the literature, together with the aspects of selling, job satisfaction and teamwork have been redefined. This process is elucidated in the “Easy Customer Service Quality” model, which is the skeleton design of the training.    The attachments include a general curriculum, PowerPoint presentation and handout as a result of the thesis project. Those are intended to be used as tools to plan the training about customer service quality. The general curriculum gets hold of key principles that should be taken into account. The PowerPoint presentation shows a simple layout with note pages of what should be discussed. Finally, the handout is a model that follows the theories put across earlier in the paper.
"Playing with English" : English material package for dyslexic students in inclusive teaching
Phonological working memory and L2 knowledge : Finnish children learning English
English language teaching : major themes in education. Volume 3
Teaching children to learn
Multiple pathways to the student brain : energizing and enhancing instruction
Beyond core expectations : a schoolwide framework for serving the not-so-common learner
Learning journals : a handbook for academics, students and professional development
Learning styles in the ESL/EFL classroom
Student learning styles and brain behavior : programs, instrumentation, research
The CALLA handbook : implementing the Cognitive Academic Language Learning Approach
Evaluation of a training program : case : Technical Service Training in a crane company
The wave : [a novel]
A re-evaluation of rote learning
Learning styles in education and training
Pupils' achievement strategies, family background and school performance
Multiple intelligences in the classroom
World yearbook of education. 1988, Education for the new technologies
Supporting independent language learning : issues and interventions
The future of learning : issues and prospects
Teaching & learning styles : celebrating differences
Learning process in terms of styles and strategies : case studies
Around the world in four senses : a teaching material package for a high school culture course
Learning how to learn : applied theory for adults
A handbook of reflective and experiential  learning : theory and practice
Learning theories : an educational perspective
Learning and study strategies : issues in assessment, instruction, and evaluation
Towards a phenomenography of learning. 3, Experience and conceptualisation
Helping learners learn : exploring strategy instruction in language classrooms across Europe
Dyslexia and learning style : a practitioner's handbook
Understandings of understanding : an inquiry concerning experiential conditions for developmental learning
Leading professional learning communities : voices from research and practice
The teacher's toolkit : raise classroom achievement with strategies for every learner
Learning maps and memory skills : powerful techniques to help you make better use of your brain
Children's and adolescents' achievement strategies, school adjustment and family environment
Learners, learning and assessment
Estate management in further education colleges : a good practice guide
The dominance factor : how knowing your dominant eye, ear, brain, hand & foot can improve your learning
The ABCs of how we learn : 26 scientifically proven approaches, how they work, and when to use them
Psychology in practise : education
Learning : principles, processes and practices
This Bachelor's thesis is a product type study commissioned by New Sun Gate Motel. The motel is located in Lake Worth, Florida. The objective is to create an Orientation Manual for trainees and new employees. The theoretical framework discusses tourism business in Florida, job orientation, dif-ferent kinds of learning styles and cultural research. The empirical part contains intro-duction of tasks, project plan and implementation. In addition, the results and evalua-tion have been considered in the empirical part. The theoretical framework serves as a basis for producing an effective and clear Orien-tation Manual. The material improves learning and adapting to a new job and working culture. The study resulted an Orientation Manual for New Sun Gate Motel. The Orientation Manual contains all the information a new trainee/employee needs in order to cope individually. In addition, the operating area of the company is introduced. Lake Worth, Florida and the motel are introduced in the Orientation Manual, followed by a presentation of tasks by means of pictures to clarify the instructions. In addition, the folder includes a checklist for job orientation. The list is used to support the tutor.
Learning flow management and teacher control in online personal learning environments
Using psychology in the classroom
Lessons learned from research
Metaphor, meaning and cognition
Two papers on learning in school-age children
Psychology and the teacher
"From an award-winning neuroscience researcher with twenty years of teaching experience, Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain uses educator-friendly language to explain how the brain learns. Steering clear of "neuro-myths," Dr. Janet Zadina discusses multiple brain pathways for learning and provides practical advice for creating a brain-compatible classroom. While there are an abundance of books and workshops that aim to integrate education and brain science, educators are seldom given concrete, actionable advice that makes a difference in the classroom. Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain bridges that divide by providing examples of strategies for day-to-day instruction aligned with the latest brain science. The book explains not only the sensory/motor pathways that are familiar to most educators (visual, auditory, and kinesthetic), it also explores the lesser known pathways--reward/survival, language, social, emotional, frontal lobe, and memory/attention--and how they can be tapped to energize and enhance instruction. Educators are forever searching for new and improved ways to convey information and inspire curiosity, and research suggests that exploiting different pathways may have a major effect on learning. Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain allows readers to see brain science through the eyes of a teacher--and teaching through the eyes of a brain scientist"--
Learning styles and pedagogy in post-16 learning : a systematic and critical review
Creativity and the autistic student : supporting strengths to develop skills and deepen knowledge
Do you see what I mean? Do you hear me? Or what grabs your attention? EFL learners and perceptual learning styles
Knowing you, knowing me : classroom activities to develop learning strategies and stimulate conversation
Handbook of college and university teaching : a global perspective
Making learning happen : a guide for post-compulsory education
The learning brain
Thinking about teaching and learning : developing habits of learning with first year college and university students
Teaching school subjects 11-19 : mathematics
Teaching secondary students through their individual learning styles  : practical approaches for grades 7-12
The balancing act of teaching : a comparison between EFL teachers' views and a textbook analysis of the role of perceptual learning styles in Finnish 3rd grade EFL textbooks
The psychology of effective learning and teaching
The skills, language learning strategies and study experiences of Finnish 6th-grade EFL students with English as the first or second foreign language
Learner autonomy : the teachers' views
Once upon a time : perceptual learning styles in empowering EFL learners : a task-based teaching material package
Using your learning styles
Improving working memory : supporting students' learning
How to learn anything quickly : an accelerated program for rapid learning
Tracing the process of self-regulated learning : students' strategic activity in g/nStudy learning environment
Promoting connective learning in the context of teaching baroque music
Towards a phenomenography of learning. 2, A relational view of study skill
Cognitive styles : essence and origins : field dependence and field independence
Do, review, learn, apply : a simple guide to experimential learning
The accelerated learning fieldbook : making the instructional process fast, flexible, and fun
Learning styles and second language education
New philosophies of learning
Keys to effective learning : study skills and habits for success
Student learning styles : diagnosing and prescribin programs
Improving an Induction: Creating a better induction for employees. Case: Metso Minerals Inc. / DC Europe
Seven ways of teaching : the artistry of teaching with multiple intelligencies
Twin-singleton differences among ESL students : a study of affective and cognitive factors at the age of 12
Assessing motivation and the use of learning strategies by secondary school students in three international schools
Music teaching style : moving beyond tradition
Engage : the trainer's guide to learning styles
Learning English through and for singing : learner experiences of the interrelation of music and language
Lazy learning : making the most of the brains you were born with
Learners for life : student approaches to learning : resultas for PISA 2000
Educational podcasts : towards a pedagogy for mobile learning
Learning to learn : a philosophical guide to learning
Make you happen! : advice and ideas for making a personal development plan
An introduction to the study of education
Becoming a master student : tools, techniques, hints, ideas, illustrations, examples, methods, procedures, processes, skills, resources, and suggestions for success
Differentiation through personality types : a framework for instruction, assessment, and classroom management
Hold on, you lost me! : use learning styles to create training that sticks
Innovations 2005 - Special edition : world innovations in engineering education and reseach
Vocabulary learning in upper secondary school : A study on the students' use of learning strategies
A mind at a time
How people learn : brain, mind, experience, and school
Learning styles : quiet revolution in American secondary schools
Think it-map it! : how schools use mapping to transform teaching & learning
Teaching and counseling gifted and talented adolescents : an international learning style perspective
Teaching at its best : a research-based resource for college instructors
Buzan's study skills : mind maps, memory techniques, speed reading
Study skills simplified
Children's ways of knowing : learning through experience
A study of Chinese EFL students' language learning strategy and its correlation with students' performance in International English Language Testing System
Becoming professionally literate in the creative industry
Developing lexical competence : the influence of the learning method and style on young learners' vocabulary acquisition
Canfield learning styles inventory (LSI) : manual
Activate and explore : a case study of motivation and learning strategies of adult learners of English
Differentiation in action : a complete resource
"This book explores best practices in assisting students in understanding engineering concepts through interactive and virtual environments"--Provided by publisher.
Learning how to study again : a practical guide to study skills for mature students returning to education or distance learning
The technological explosion and free access to information have transformed our world in something very different than even ten years ago. An immense surge of creativity has imbued our lives from technology to entertainment, thus allowing the creative industries to develop at a fast pace. But what is required from a professional working in the creative industry today to be successful, and how to become one? To answer this question, a qualitative research was conducted in the field of design, animation and games, which uncovered that what defines professional literacy today besides knowledge are endurance in face of change, self-reliance, intellectual curiosity, motivation, versatility, a desire to learn new things, a can-do attitude and an ability to communicate across a wide range of tools and specialties. These skills are built and maintained through continuous learning, which can become challenging if not done correctly. The good news is that learning itself is a skill that can be cultivated so that when implemented the right way it is productive and satisfying. The paper presents the latest findings about how learning can become a rewarding and successful lifelong endeavour. Lastly, the validity of those conclusions was tested in practice through a personal learning project of creating a 3D animation. The practical implementation confirmed that if the terms required for a successful outcome are in place and the learning methods applied consistently, the desired goal can be reached through a fulfilling and exciting learning experience.
Wise up : learning to live the learning life
International perspectives on individual differences.. Vol. 1
Perceptual learning style as an influence on the practising of instrument students in higher music education
Enhancing student learning : setting the campus context
A practical reader in universal design for learning
How to learn almost anything in 48 hours : shortcuts and brain hacks for learning new skills fast
The RoutledgeFalmer reader in teaching and learning
Human resources and vocational training : conflicts and convergence of knowledge systems in the Arctic
Language learning strategies : a comparison of language learning strategy use by students from språktjänst at Åbo Akademi University and Helsingfors Svenska Arbetarinstitut
Learning strategies
How organizations learn : an integrated strategy for building learning capability
Subtitles and language learning : principles, strategies and practical experiences
"It's always an achievement to learn a bunch of new words" : language learning strategies used by secondary school pupils for learning vocabulary in foreign languages
Proceedings of the 1st International Congress on Activity Theory = Kongressbericht des 1. Internationalen Kongresses zur Tätigkeitstheorie
The Complete Guide to the Learning Styles Inservice System
