http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7418 household work
household work
Rethinking families
Abstract.
Cheaper by the dozen : economies of scale in domestic work
Family man : fatherhood, housework, and gender equity
Household production in OECD countries : data sources and measurement methods
Invisible hands : women in home-based production
"Domestic and caregiving work has been at the core of human existence throughout history. Poorly paid or even unpaid, this work has been assigned to women in most societes and occasionally to men often as enslaved, indentures, 'adopted' workers. Societies and states set the discriminatory rules, those employed develop strategies of resistance or self-protection (Part One). While some use domestic service as training for their own future independent households, others are confined to it for life and try to avoid damage to their identities (Part Two). Employment conditions are even worse in colonizer-colonized dichotomies, in which the subalternized have to run the households of administrators who believe they are running an empire (Part Three). A team of international scholars addresses these issues globally with a deep historical background. Contributors are: Ally Shireen, Eileen Boris, Dana Cooper, Jennifer Fish, David R. Goodman, Mary Gene De Guzman, Jaira Harrington, Victoria Haskins, Dirk Hoerder, Elizabeth Hordge-Freeman, Majda Hrženjak, Elizabeth Hutchison, Dimitris Kalantzopoulos, Bela Kashyap, Marta Kindler, Anna Kordasiewicz, Ms Lokesh, Sabrina Marchetti, Robyn Pariser, Jessica Richter, Magaly Rodríguez García, Raffaella Sarti, Adéla Souralová, Yukari Takai, and Andrew Urban"--Provided by publisher.
Is there life after housework?
Constructing "home" through everyday actions in families - a methodological perspective on analyzing the home
The narrative of the happy and professional housewife? : images and practices related to housewives in Finland in the 1950s
Gender Trouble and Its Impact on Fertility Intentions
A 1950s housewife : marriage and homemaking in the 1950s
Unpaid work and the economy : gender, time use and poverty in developing countries
Au pairs' lives in global context : sisters or servants?
Home and work : housework, wages, and the ideology of labor in the early republic
Parental leave for fathers? : gendered conceptions and practices in families with young children in Finland
Happy hour? : studies on well-being and time spent on paid and unpaid work
Education and the division of houssehold labour in dual-earner families
"This volume is an attempt to enhance not only academic research on transnational domestic workers, but also inform governments, nongovernmental organisations, and civil society groups in their efforts to derive appropriate policies and make recommendations to address the problem related to Asian transnational domestic workers."--Jacket.
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Value of household production in Finland and Germany : analysis and recalculation of the household Satellite Account System in both countries
Doing the dirty work? : the global politics of domestic labour
The changing use of time : report from an international workshop
Work engagement of kindergarten teachers
Time-use and its value in household production in Finland and the United States
Migration and domestic work : a European perspective on a global theme
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
American domesticity : from how-to manual to Hollywood melodrama
Atypical employment : an international perspective : causes, consequences and policy
Time allocation and gender : the relationship between paid labour and household work
Diet and domestic life in society
Households work
Nurses' perceptions and support of elderly loneliness in nursing homes
Calculating the value of household production in Finland in 1990 : the input-output table
How to be a home economics teacher
Women in towns : the social position of European urban women in a historical context
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
Parents' perceptions and experiences of home and school cooperation in English teaching in the secondary school
What is it that makes some children bully and some become victims? What can you do if despite your best efforts, a child keeps on taunting another? What steps can you take before communicating with parents and what will you say? The practice of bullying endures in all schools today. Despite the implementation of bullying policies, parents and staff can be equally perplexed: not really understanding what they have or haven't done to allow it to happen. Christine Macintyre explores this highly emotive topic, asking why as many as one in 12 school children are bullying victims, and will show in a highly practical way, what can be done to support the children and help staff improve their own practice. This book will provide help and guidance on: enhancing the self-esteem of the affected children, showing how new-found confidence will enable children to offset the effects of being bullied or indeed being a bully; how to tell parents their child is bullying or being bullied, and how to build up a meaningful and mutually supportive relationship with them; and, creating a learning environment that prevents the desire for children to bully. Based on case studies giving first hand accounts of real-life situations, and evaluations of strategies that have been tried and tested, this book suggests fresh and inspiring ways of tackling a problem faced by many practitioners today.
Changing families, changing food
Alcohol use among elderly at home care
Are individuals who are active and doing household work prone to retire earlier : evidence from time user survey of older Finns
Abstract (1 s.).
"Make it yourself" : home sewing, gender, and culture, 1890-1930
The second shift
It is often an underlying assumption that the new role of women and in general the trend toward a more egalitarian view of the concept of partnership is a main factor behind the low fertility rates in rich countries. The aim of this paper is to test the consequences of gender (in)equity on the desire of women and men to have (further) children by using gender inequity as an important category within population science. In our assumptions we want to test whether an unequal distribution of household chores and childcare duties has a negative effect on the desire to have children. Another assumption examines the potential correlation that the perception of (in)equality of women and men in society or the acceptance of government measures to ensure equal rights might have with the desire to have children. The data are derived from the recent Austrian survey Population Policy Acceptance Survey. The assumptions are tested by means of logistic regression analysis. The results show that it is new men who are likely to express a wish for children, rather than those who live in traditional partnership models. .
Class struggle on the home front : work, conflict, and exploitation in the household
A kiss and a promise
Families in former times : kinship, household, and sexuality
The social and political economy of the household
"Au pairs have traditionally been thought of as middle-class young women from Northern Europe, who are having a fun gap year in a foreign country. This collection, the first dedicated to examining the lives of au pairs, reveals that this is far from the whole story. Au pairing is now a global phenomenon and au pairs are just as likely to come from Asia and Latin America as from Sweden or France. They are an increasingly important form of very low waged, often unregulated, childcare and domestic labour enabling tens of thousands of families to meet the demands of both work and home life. Despite the importance of the work that they do, au pairs are not recognized as workers and are often excluded from even the most basic protections, such as a minimum wage. As young migrants living inside their employers' homes they are vulnerable to exploitation and abuse"--
A critical review of selected time use surveys
Simultaneity of activities in household work
Moral economies of reproductive labour : an ethnography of migrant domestic and care labour in Naples, Italy
Women's work in Britain and France : practice, theory and policy
Summary, conclusions and recommendations (s. 62-67).
The crossroads of class & gender : industrial homework, subcontracting, and household dynamics in Mexico City
Children's work in everyday life
Gone with the wind? ; immigrant women and transnational everyday life in Finland
Making it : radical home ec for a post-consumer world
Time use and options for retirement in Europe
Arjen helpotusta vai turhaa ylellisyyttä : työssäkäyvien äitien ajatuksia kotitaloustyön teettämisestä = Making life easier or just unnecessary luxury : thoughts of working mothers buying household services
Shadows of voluntourism and the connection to orphanage business in Asia and Cambodia
There has been a tendency amongst feminists to see domestic work as the great leveller, a common burden imposed on all women equally by patriarchy. This unique study of migrant domestic workers in the North uncovers some uncomfortable facts about the race and class aspects of domestic oppression. Based on original research, it looks at the racialisation of paid domestic labour in the North - a phenomenon which challenges feminsim and political theory at a fundamental level. The book opens with an exploration of the public/private divide and an overview of the debates on women and power. The author goes on to provide a map of employment patterns of migrant women in domestic work in the North; she describes the work they perform, their living and working conditions and their employment relations. A chapter on the US explores the connections between slavery and contemporary domestic service while a section on commodification examines the extent to which migrant domestic workers are not selling their labour but their whole personhood. The book also looks at the role of the Other in managing dirt, death and pollution and the effects of the feminisation of the labour market - as middle class white women have greater presence in the public sphere, they are more likely to push responsibility for domestic work onto other women.
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to find out the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers and the elements of these factors. Work engagement is one part of work well-being. This final thesis was a qualitative study. The method for collecting data was theme interview, which is a qualitative study method. For this study I interviewed five kindergarten teachers. The data were analyzed by thematic analysis. As a theoretical framework I used work engagement, which is divided into three dimensions: vigor, dedication and absorption. Besides these three dimensions, I studied the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers from the perspective of job resources, job demands and personal resources. The results of the study contained information of the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers that I was able to categorize into five different stages of work engagement: the core of the work, the organizing of work, the communication and management stage, the organizational stage and the personal stage. All of the three dimensions of work engagement clearly emerged from the data. The results of this study lead to a conclusion that the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers are versatile. The results of this study might possibly be of help in strengthening the work engagement factors of kindergarten teachers as well as in recognizing the factors that can negatively influence the experience of work engagement of kindergarten teachers. People who are responsible for developing the field of early childhood education might benefit from the results of this study.
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 37, 2001
Economic evaluations of unpaid household work: Africa, Asia, Latin America and Oceania
Emotions in transmigration : transformation, movement and identity
Women and household labor
The hidden assembly line : gender dynamics of subcontracted work in a global economy
From work in the family and home to an occupational activity : report
Rethinking residential child care : positive perspectives
Opportunities, constraints and constrained opportunities : a study on mothers' working time patterns in 22 European countries
Housewife
Revolution at point zero : housework, reproduction, and feminist struggle
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
"Domestic advice literature is rich in information about design, ideals of domesticity, consumption and issues of identity, yet this literature remains a relatively neglected resource in comparison with magazines and film. Design at Home brings together etiquette, homemaking and home decoration advice as sources in the first systematic demonstration of the historical value of domestic advice literature as a genre of word and image, and a discourse of dominance. This book traces a transatlantic domestic dialogue between the UK and the US as the chapters explore issues of design, domesticity, consumption, social interaction and identity markers including class, gender and age. Areas covered include: - the use of domestic advice by historians - relationships between advice, housing and the middle class - links between advice and gender - advice and the teenage consumer Design at Home is essential reading for students and scholars of cultural and social history, design history, and cultural studies"--
Design at home : domestic advice books in Britain and the USA since 1945
Working wives/working husbands
Homeworkers in global perspective : invisible no more
Spanish Home Care. Policies and consequences on a micro level
Kotityötutkimus = Housework study. Osa 4 = Part 4, Palkattoman kotisiivouksen arvo vuonna 1980 = The value of unpaid house cleaning in 1980
More work for mother : the ironies of household technology from the open hearth to the microwave
Work/family interface : perspectives and solutions : a literature review
Labour law, work, and family : critical and comparative perspectives
Families at work : expanding the boundaries
Economic inequality and household production : the effects of specialization of genders
Forgotten household crafts
Valuing children : rethinking the economics of the family
The typical American family has changed dramatically since the days of "Ozzie and Harriet" and "Father Knows Best." Double-income families are now the rule, and fathers are much more involved in raising the children and cleaning house. Reactions to these changes have been diverse, ranging from grave misgivings to a sense of liberation and new possibility. Groups as diverse as Promise Keepers, the Million Man March, and Robert Bly's mythopoetic men's movement tell us that fathers are important. From the fundamentalist right to the feminist left, opinions about the changing nature of the family--and the consequent rethinking of gender roles--have been vehement, if not always very well-founded. In Family Man, sociologist Scott Coltrane brings a wealth of compelling evidence to this debate over the American family. Drawing on his own extensive research and many fascinating interviews, Coltrane explodes many of the common myths about shared parenting, provides first-hand accounts of men's and women's feelings in two-job families, and reveals some innovative solutions that couples have developed to balance job and family commitments. Readers will find an insightful discussion of precisely how and why family life has changed, what forms it may take in the future, and what new kinds of fathers may be on the horizon.
The protection of persons working at home : report prepared by the Study Group of the 1987/88 Co-ordinated Social Research Programme
What mothers do especially when it looks like nothing
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Ask Aggie : for all your cleaning solutions
How to get things really flat
Facilitating orientation : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses Coming to Work in Nurmikoti Nursing Home
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Empirical Study of the Use and Exploitation of TAPE- Accident Reporting and Monitoring Program in Elder Care in Kouvola (accident project)
Women and home-based work : the unspoken contract
Kotityötutkimus = Housework study. Osa 11 = Part 11, Lasten hoito = Child care
Kotityötutkimus = Housework study. Osa 3 = Part 3, 7 vuotta nuorempien lasten palkattoman kotihoidon arvo vuonna 1979 = The value of unsalaried home care of children under the age of seven in 1979
The post-Fordist sexual contract : working and living in contingency
How to analyze everyday activity at home?
The electronic home : social and spatial aspects : a scoping report
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Kidding ourselves : breadwinning, babies, and bargaining power
Through the kitchen window : the politics of home and family
Maid in the U.S.A
Gender and well-being : the role of institutions
Issei, Nisei, war bride : three generations of Japanese American women in domestic service
The global construction of gender
Changing gender relations, changing families : tracing the pace of change over time
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
An analysis of women's unpaid role in the home. Written from a feminist perspective, "Housewife" aims to challenge the set of conventional values which label work a masculine activity and assign women to the home in the role of wife, mother and housekeeper. Oakley traces the historical development of the housewife role, explores the influence of industrialization and examines the situation of women today. Her analysis is illustrated with four case histories.
Youth, family and household : global perspectives on development and quality of life
Home Care Across Europe : current structure and future challenges
New household work - A consequense of the rising complexity of living conditions
Labor in the rural household economy of the Zairian basin
Dilemmas of modern family life
Housework study. Part 8, Unpaid housework : time use and value
Household work and its significance to the individual : "Martyrs","those with a bad conscience", and "those who know what they want"
Proposal for a satellite account of household production
Cultural aspects of feminism in relation with home economics in Romania
Feeding our families
Kotityötutkimus = Housework study. Osa 14, Palkattoman kotityön arvon määrittämisestä : menetelmävertailu = Determining the value of unpaid housework : method comparison
The making of home
Hidden in the home : the role of waged homework in the modern world-economy
Work Engagement of Kindergarten Teachers
Home - how the families construct home with their everyday actions
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Asian women as transnational domestic workers
Living together as equals : the demands of citizenship
Sweeping the German nation : domesticity and national identity in Germany, 1870-1945
Contemporary motherhood : the impact of children on adult time
Spousonomics : using economics to master love, marriage, and dirty dishes
Essays on household time allocation decisions in a collective household model
Fostering the relationship between home and school : a case study of a senior secondary school in the Gambia
A domestic problem : work and culture in the household
The revaluation of women's work
Alcohol use is one of the problems within elderly that had not been studied enough. The purpose of this thesis was to describe how widespread alcohol problem is among elderly who are under the home care services. The idea of this research arose from the experience I had when I was doing my elderly nursing care practice and I observed how alcohol affected their health. This research was quantitative. The data was gathered by interviewing the clients with the pre-made questionnaire forms. Most of the clients were excited about the interviews and some were even happy to be visited. The result of the data gathered was analyzed in the end, by using the descriptive method. Results were displayed through frequencies, averages and percentages. One aim of this thesis was to also collect and present this information to the home care unit, in order for them to do some proper actions through the nursing care plan. There were 20 interviewees who participated in the research. Only few among the elderly interviewed had visible alcohol problem. As outcome it was pleasing to find out that the alcohol problem among elderly is not that common than what I had expected. Based on this research there are clear conclusion to be made. The alcohol problem among elderlies in the home care is not a common problem, but the healthcare workers should still consider these clients more so that they could get necessary help and information regarding the dangers of alcohol.
Towards a global history of domestic and caregiving workers
Analyzing housework as an activity
"For every person over the age of 65 in todayʼs European Union there are four people of working age but, by 2050, there will only be two. Demand for long-term care, of which home care forms a significant part, will inevitably increase in the decades to come. Despite the importance of the issue there is, however, a lack of up-to-date and comparative information on home care in Europe. This volume attempts to fill some of that gap by examining current European policy on home-care services and strategies. Home Care across Europeprobes a wide range of topics including the linkage between social services and health-care systems, the prevailing funding mechanisms, how  service providers are paid, the impact of governmental regulation, and the complex roles played by informal caregivers. Drawing on a set of Europe-wide case studies (available in a second, online volume), the study provides comparable descriptive information on many aspects of the organization, financing and provision of home care across the continent. It is a text  that will help frame the coming debate about how best to serve elderly citizens as  European populations age." -- (takakansi)
The domestic revolution : the modernisation of household service in England and France 1820-1920
Between money and love : the dialectics of women's home and market work
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
Household resource management systems : a challenge for the 1990's : a research symposium, June 6-8, 1990 : research papers
The good wife's guide : a medieval household book = Le ménagier de Paris
Second European quality of life survey : family life and work
Summary.
Husbands at home : the domestic economy in a post-industrial society
The commercialization of the home through industrial home work
Is woman's place in the home?
Philosophical studies of home economics in the United States Volume I : our practical-intellectual heritage
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
The cleaning bible : Kim and Aggie's complete guide to modern household management
Progress in the household (1906)
Philosophical studies of home economics in the United States Volume II : our practical-intellectual heritage
Everyday activity at home : applying developmental work research in studying families with young children : a research plan
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
Doing marriage and parenthood : the division of household labour across two life course events
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Gender and families
What is a home? - how the families construct a home with their everyday actions?
Disposable domestics : immigrant women workers in the global economy
Men, women and household work
Give and take in families : studies in resource distribution
Measuring the non-observed economy : a handbook
The parlour and the suburb : domestic identities, class, femininity and modernity
Options for building a satellite account for the measurement of household production
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Women's working lives : patterns and strategies
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2009 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2009 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2009
Inside the household : from labour to care
Time use changes in Finland through the 2000s
A holistic approach to household activities
To the margins and back? : the role of women in the Finnish Labour Movement in the twentieth century
Child domestic work and its compatibility with article 32 of the convention on the rights of the child
The effect of social exchange on women's intention for a second child in Hungary
