http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p742 democracy
democracy
Democracy in a changing society
Participation of the public in crime policy
The everyday maker : a new challenge to democratic governance
Governing modern societies
Indoctrination, communicative teaching and recognition : studies in critical theory and democracy in education
Social origins of dictatorship and democracy : lord and peasant in the making of the modern world
How do international norms travel? : women's political rights in Cambodia and Timor-Leste
Globalization and democracy
How students' voice can be heard in the Finnish context : the case of primary, lower secondary and upper secondary schools in Jyväskylä
Democracy, fascism and the new world order
Information Technology, Globalization and Social Development
Reinventing the third way : towards new forms of economic and democratic conduct
Philippine democracy agenda. Volume 2, State-civil society relations in policy-making
Buddha on Wall Street : what's wrong with capitalism and what we can do about it
Radicalisation of the British aristocracy : aristocratic decline, inter-war fascism and reactionary rhetoric
Democracy in America : and two essays on America
Political parties and democracy : explorations in history and theory
The great surge : the ascent of the developing world
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
Introducing democracy : 80 questions and answers
The European citizens' initiative : an assessment of European citizenship as a solution to the democratic deficit in the European Union (2014)
Youth participation : good practices in different forms of regional and local democracy
The problem of democracy
A road unforeseen : women fight the Islamic State
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
Innovating for the future : how Dutch SMEs use futures research in innovation processes
Representative government and the degeneration of democracy. 2
Pogorelskin revises the past
Global democracy and exclusion
Democratization of justice : the selection of judges as a problem of legal ethics and the separation of powers
Abstract.
The Shock Doctrine : the Rise of Disaster Capitalism
Living in democracy : EDC/HRE lesson plans for lower secondary level
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
Modern societies currently lack positive alternative visions of the future. Many writers have claimed that the only option is a return to free-market capitalism, in which success and survival depend on being as competitive as possible whether as a nation, firm or individual.; Paul Hirst argues that there are viable alternative futures and widely applicable models that can be used to structure change. Hirst's distinctive approach to political theory reasons from real political problems rather than confining itself to abstract concepts.; Presenting an innovative political position, this collection of essays represents an attempt to re- state a practical third way between the discredited ideals of state socialism and laissez-faire capitalism.
Reflections on the role of civil society in the democratisation process of third world countries
China and other emerging actors in Africa
Understanding and measuring social entrepreneurship
Democratic political theory
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Proceedings of Research Symposium on Social Democracy in a Post-Industrial World : 23rd - 24th September
The press and multiparty politics in Africa
The public philosophy
The encyclopedia of democracy. 2, [D-K]
Participation in decision making through e-government tools : the case of Valma
Democratization in Taiwan : implications for China
Power systems : conversations with David Barsamian on global democratic uprisings and the new challenges to U.S. empire
Democracy in Africa : the hard road ahead
Pacted transition to democracy : The case of Mozambique
The challenge of democracy : to achieve a global plus-sum game
Political cultures in democratic South Africa
Lithuanian Christian democracy
Marxist theory and democratic politics
Conceptualising socio-cultural dimension of islamic political thought in the politics of AKP
Join the club : how peer pressure can transform the world
Marxism and democracy
Democracy and the organization of political parties. Vol. 1, England
Global democracy : in the beginning
The truth of democracy
The democratic revolution : a background book
The American democracy : a commentary and an interpretation
Educational perspectives on recognition theory
Philosophy for militants
Freedom : a history
Public participation in technology assessment in France
Abstract: Referendums and democracy.
Notes on democracy
Democracy : ideology and objectivity : studies in the semantics and cognitive analysis of ideological controversy
Democratic transition and consolidation in Southern Europe, Latin America and Southeast Asia
Justice, democracy and the jury
Democracy and the majority principle : a study in twelve contemporary political theories
Democratization in Azerbaijan : the role of elections in holding on to power
The logic of democracy
Paradox between democracy and security : case study on Pakistan
Transformations in trade politics : West African civil society participation in economic partnership negotiations with the European Union
Navigating between ideas of democracy and gendered local practices in Vietnam : a Bakhtinian reading of development aid practice
EU - do you hear me? : the role of civil society organisations in the democratisation of the European Union
Democracy : a very short introduction
The governments of Europe
Foreign policy and the democratic process
Democracy, lifelong learning and the learning society : active citizenship in a late modern age
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2002, vol. 6.
Democracy
Democratic theory and practice
The concept of the political on the world stage
Modern democracies : in two volumes. 1
Parliaments in Asia : institution building and political development
Electoral management design : the International IDEA handbook
Human rights law
Language of the future, language of the PRC : representations of Putonghua in South China Morning Post
With its empirical focus on the South, this book takes its point of departure in the movement for liberalisation and democratisation that characterised the 1980s and 1990s.
Pax democratica : a strategy for the 21st century
The condition of democracy in Russia, the party system and the State Duma
The life and times of liberal democracy
The new few or A very British oligarchy
New media, old news : journalism & democracy in the digital age
Representation, nation and time : the political rhetoric of the 1866 parliamentary reform in Sweden
The inherent value of local democracy
Abstract: Power to the eurodemos : how to cure the democratic deficit in the EU.
The second Arab awakening : and the battle for pluralism
Social media and women of the Arab Spring : effects of social media on Egyptian women's participation in the revolution
Constitutional theory
Parties, candidates and citizens on-line : studies of politics on the Internet
Handbook of digital politics
Candidate quality
Democracy in a world of tensions : a symposium prepared by UNESCO
Democracy, intermediation and voting on four continents
Rational foundations of democratic politics
The failure of the security paradigm in Syria : the human security perspective
People's Republic of Amnesia : Tiananmen revisited
Democracy : the contemporary theories
Designing democracy : ideas for better rules
Democracy and difference
On liberty
Political parties : a sociological study of the oligarchical tendencies of modern democracy
Constructing national security : U.S. relations with India and China
Abstract: Democracy, rule of law and ongoing conversation.
Political elites in a democracy
Summary and conclusions (s. 167-183).
The advance of democracy
Rethinking popular representation
The Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) in Cameroon : realities and prospects
The nature of democracy
The making of modern South Africa : conquest, apartheid, democracy
Opposition politics in independent Zimbabwe
Democracy and democratization : post-communist Europe in comparative perspective
Developing local democracy : the state and challenges of Finnish local democracy in the postmodern era
Is democracy possible? : the alternative to electoral politics
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Foreign agents in Russia : discoursive analysis on foreign agents in Russia
Worker participation in occupational safety and health : a practical guide
Athenian democracy
What is populism?
The media in the core of political conflict : Venezuela during the last years of Hugo Chávez's presidency
Reconceptualising democratic local governance in the Niger Delta
Digital-political fantasies in Istanbul : an analysis of the perceived role of ICT in changing local institutional politics, activism, and identity
Democracy by decree : prospects and limits of imposed consociational democracy in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Building bridges or digging trenches? : civil society engagement after the arab spring
The classical republicans : an essay in the recovery of a pattern of thought in seventeenth-century England
The world social forum and the globalization of social movements and public spheres
Civil society and transitions in the Western Balkans
Models of democracy
American democracy in theory and practice
Crick asserts that politics, with its compromises and power struggles, remains the only tested alternative to government by coercion, making both freedoma nd order possible in heterogeneous societies. For Crick, politics is necessarily imperfect, messy anmd complex, yet his book defends it against htose who would identify it with (and reduce it to) ideology, nationalism, technology or populist democracy. In this fifth edition, Crick warns us that present-day politicians are in danger of threatening both citizenship and common humanity. He discusses the popular distrust for politicians in both the UK and USA, arguing that they have lowered the level of publicdebate for short-term gain; and he discusses how suchvshort-termism is preventing timely attempts to tackle despoliation of the global environment.
Shaping the perspectives of future journalists : JOCID 2007-2015 : journalism for civic involvement, democracy and development
Communicative action in French regional foresight : towards a communicative foresight serving the deliberative policy process?
Is structurelessness democratic? : two normative frameworks for debates at the World Social Forum
Reinventing technology : policies for democratic values
Hans Kelsen's Defence of Democracy
Democracy and elitism : two essays with selected readings
The Arab region, an uncertain future
Public choice
This book explores the ways in which representative democracy works in two neighbouring collections of European states: the Nordic (Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden) and the Baltic (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania). Starting from a Nordic vantage point, contributors explore the extent to which aspects of politics function similarly or dissimilarly across the two groups of democratic states, acknowledging the differences in models of democracy that occur within each group. Authors explore the possibility that some of the apparently successful institutional features of Nordic politics have somehow influenced politics in the Baltic states, despite the considerable contextual differences between the two groups. The Nordic-Baltic comparison is particularly worthy of study, given the comparative stability of the Nordic democracies and the half century of occupation by a totalitarian dictatorship that the Baltic states endured.The central, guiding questions are: how does political representation work in countries that have a lot in common, but also a few significant contextual dissimilarities; and what, if any, relationships between the respective styles of democracy can be identified? Using a variety of theories, perspectives and methods, the empirical studies that populate the book seek to offer reflections on these questions.
Boundaries, size and performance : a Delphi study on the development of local government structure in Finland
Explaining civil society core activism : testing Western theories in post-Soviet Latvia
The real world of democracy
Philippine democracy agenda. Volume 1, Democracy & citizenship in Filipino political culture
Integrating place-specific social values into forest planning : case of UPM-Kymmene forests in Hyrynsalmi, Finland
Democratic theory
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
This Discussion Paper critically examines local governance in the Niger Delta and its relevance to the search for inclusive and sustainable conflict-resolution in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria. It critiques the existing local government system and explores the possibility of reconceptualising local governance along more inclusive, accountable and participatory lines that would institutionalise democracy, development and peace at the grassroots or community level in the troubled oil-rich region. Its originality lies in its departure from top-down perspectives, and its refocusing of attention on the oft-neglected local sites of conflict and under development. The paper will appeal to scholars, policy actors and development planners with a particular interest in developments at the African grassroots level.
Citizen's initiatives in Europe  : procedures and consequences of agenda-setting by citizens
An agenda for the Western Balkans : from elite politics to social sustainability
Radical democracy : identity, citizenship and the state : ed. by David Trend
Using sport for corporate social responsibility (CSR) in Finland
Citizen participation and political communication in a digital world
The end of politics and the birth of iDemocracy
Suicide of the democracies
Democracy : its principles and achievement
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
The Process and progress of Pancasila democracy
Undoing the demos : neoliberalism's stealth revolution
From statism to pluralism : democracy, civil society and global politics
The algebra of infinite justice
Building new democracies : economic and social reform in Brazil, Chile, and Mexico
The emergence of democracy : a comparative study of 119 states, 1850-1979
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
Social movements in times of austerity : bringing capitalism back into protest analysis
Basic readings in U.S. democracy
The Porto Alegre alternative : direct democracy in action
Redesigning democracy : ideas for better rules
Dictatorship of failure : the discourse of democratic failure in the current European crisis
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
Common sense and other political writings
Open borders, open regimes? : testing causal direction between globalization and democracy, 1970-2000
Modern democracies : in two volumes. 2
Approaches to democracy : philosophy of government at the close of the twentieth century
Democracy and politics in Burma : a collection of documents
The Ethos of Pluralization
Local Decision Making III
Soviet democracy and bourgeois democracy
The encyclopedia of democracy. 4, [S-Z]
The encyclopedia of democracy. 3, [L-R]
American democracy in theory and practice : the national government
Governance and democracy : comparing national, European and international experiences
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Democracy in the Third World
For the first time, this new collection brings together country specialists, researchers on the European Union, and leading international relations scholars to tackle a crucial question: how compatible are today's new patterns of 'policy networks' and 'multi-level' governance with democratic standards? This important question is attracting attention both in political science and in political practices. In political science, the question is mainly dealt with in separated sub-disciplines, which focus on different levels of politics. So far, no serious exchange has actually taken place between authors working on these different levels. The editors of this book - both specialists of network and multi-level governance - show that although the issue is raised differently in the institutional settings of the national state, the European Union, or transnational governance, excellent insights can be gained by comparison across these settings. This major new contribution includes cutting edge work from junior scholars alongside chapters by leading specialists of governance such as Guy Peters, Jon Pierre, Philippe C. Schmitter and Thomas Risse. It also contains a collection of new case studies, theoretical conceptualisations and normative proposals for solutions dealing with the issue of democratic deficits, which all give the reader a better understanding of the most crucial problems and perspectives of democracy in different patterns of "governance" beyond conventional 'government' approaches. This is a valuable book for policy analysts, students of the European Union and international relations, and all students in social and political science.
Skills in neighbourhood work
Education for world citizenship : preparing students to be agents of social change
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
Models of democracy in Nordic and Baltic Europe : political institutions and discourse
Foreign agents in Russia : discoursive analysis on foreign agents in Russia 2012-2013
Democracy in America
In defence of politics
Usability in government systems : user experience design for citizens and public servants
A preface to democratic theory
Democracy and totalitarianism
Which socialism? : Marxism, socialism and democracy
