http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7428 Minoan culture
Minoan culture
Architecture of the ancient civilizations in colour : Mesopotamia, Egypt, the Indus Valley, the megaliths, the Hittites, the Minoans, the Mycenaeans, the Etruscans, Central and South America
As a child I would often wonder when I saw an illustration of a stone tablet, and ask myself: What did the inscription mean? How did these people sound when they talked? What would that piece of clay say if it could speak! The enigma of the Phaistos Disc is revisited here in the light of new findings. From the various interpretations of the origin of the symbols depicted on the disc. Kober, Ventris, Chadwick and Bennett, the cryptologists are remembered for paving the way for us to understand the language and culture of early societies. Archaeological excavations, archaic languages and Myths are explored, together with theories of archaic Cretan relations as far away as the Black Sea. If this book enthuses just one person to forge ahead to uncover new information to allow "The Stones to Speak," then I will be satisfied.
Index to The Palace of Minos
Minoan religion : ritual, image and symbol
The Santorini volcano and the desolation of Minoan Crete
The role of the traditional mediterranean diet in the development of Minoan Crete : archaeological, nutritional and biochemical evidence
Art of the Aegean Bronze Age
Knossos : unearthing a legend
Late Minoan III pottery : chronology and terminology : acts of a meeting held at the Danish Institute at Athens, August 12-14, 1994
The double axe in Minoan Crete : a functional analysis of production and use
Aegean wall painting : a tribute to Mark Cameron
The House of the Double Axe : the Palace at Knossos
Minoan civilization
History of the Hellenic world. Prehistory and protohistory [to 1100 B.C.]
The middle Minoan three-sided soft stone prism : a study of style and iconography. Volume 1
Minoan and Mycenaean art
The destruction of the palace at Knossos : Pottery of the late Minoan IIIa period
Ever since Sir Arthur Evans first excavated at the site of the Palace at Knossos in the early twentieth century, scholars and visitors have been drawn to the architecture of Bronze Age Crete. Much of the attraction comes from the geographical and historical uniqueness of the island. Equidistant from Europe, the Middle East, and Africa, Minoan Crete is on the shifting conceptual border between East and West, and chronologically suspended between history and prehistory. In this culturally dynamic context, architecture provided more than physical shelter; it embodied meaning. Architecture was a medium through which Minoans constructed their notions of social, ethnic, and historical identity: the buildings tell us about how the Minoans saw themselves, and how they wanted to be seen by others. "Architecture of Minoan Crete" is the first comprehensive study of the entire range of Minoan architecture, including houses, palaces, tombs, and cities - from 7000 BC to 1100 BC. John C. McEnroe synthesizes the vast literature on Minoan Crete, with particular emphasis on the important discoveries of the past twenty years, to provide an up-to-date account of Minoan architecture. His accessible writing style, skillful architectural drawings of houses and palaces, site maps, and colour photographs make this book inviting for general readers and visitors to Crete, as well as scholars.
The palaces of Crete
The Bull of Minos
The Palace of Minos : a comparative account of the successive stages of the early Cretan civilization as illustrated by the discoveries at Knossos. Vol. 4, part 1, Emergence of outer Western enceinte, with new illustrations, artistic and religious, of the middle Minoan phase: Chryselephantine 'Lady of sports', 'Snake room' and full story of the cult: late Minoan ceramic evolution and 'Palace style'
Sanctuaries and cults in the Aegean Bronze Age : proceedings of the first International Symposium at the Swedish Institute in Athens, 12-13 May, 1980
Linear A and Minoan religion
The history of Minoan pottery
Fire in the sea : the Santorini volcano: natural history and the legend of Atlantis
Minoan sacrificial ritual : cult practice and symbolism
The Aegean bronze age
The middle Minoan three-sided soft stone prism : a study of style and iconography. Volume 2
Corpus der minoischen und mykenischen Siegel / Band 6. Oxford the Ashmolean museum. Teil 2
A striped bird-lady
Visual image and archeology : the case of the Minoan monkeys
Knossos : guide-map Minos of palace Minos : mythology, archaeology, museums and auxiliary text for the use of the map ; a supplementary explanation by Chr. Mathioulakis
The Cretan collection in Oxford : the Dictaean Cave and Iron Age Crete
Arrest and movement : an essay on space and time in the representational art of the ancient Near East
The Knossos labyrinth : a new view of the 'Palace of Minos' at Knossos
Visual image and archeology. The case of the Minoan monkeys
Marks of distinction : seals and cultural exchange between the Aegean and the Orient (ca. 2600-1360 B.C.)
Crete and Mycenae
The funerary landscape at Knossos : a diachronic study of Minoan burial customs with special reference to the warrior graves
Minotaur : sir Arthur Evans and the archeology of the Minoan myth
The archaeology of Minoan Crete
The Palace of Minos : a comparative account of the successive stages of the early Cretan civilization as illustrated by the discoveries at Knossos. Vol. 1, The Neolithic and early and middle Minoan ages
The lost empire of Atlantis : history's greatest mystery revealed
Architecture of Minoan Crete : constructing identity in the Aegean Bronze Age
Knossos : a complete guide to the palace of Minos
Corpus der minoischen und mykenischen Siegel / Band 6. Oxford the Ashmolean museum. Teil 1
Charis : essays in honor of Sara A. Immerwahr
The Palace of Minos : a comparative account of the successive stages of the early Cretan civilization as illustrated by the discoveries at Knossos. Vol. 2, part 1, Fresh lights on origins and external relations : the restoration in town and palace after seismic catastrophe towards close of M.M. III, and the beginnings of the new era
Explorations in the Island of Mochlos
Scripta Minoa : the written documents of Minoan Crete with special reference to the archives of Knossos
The Palace of Minos : a comparative account of the successive stages of the early Cretan civilization as illustrated by the discoveries at Knossos. Vol. 3, The great transitional age in the Northern and Eastern sections of the palace : the most brilliant records of Minoan art and the evidences of an advanced religion
Minoan crafts : tools and techniques : an introduction. Vol. 1
Minoan games and game boards
A new light to the dating of the temple repository style of sealings with help of the small cushion seal from Anemospilia
The Phaistos disc : a Luwian letter to Nestor
Knossos : the south house
From the silent earth : a report on the Greek bronze age
Crete beyond the palaces : proceedings of the Crete 2000 Conference
The Greek-Swedish excavations at the Agia Aikaterini Square, Kastelli, Khania 1970-1987 : results of the excavations under the direction of Yannis Tzedakis and Carl-Gustaf Styrenius. Vol. 3, The Late Minoan IIIB:2 settlement
The Palace of Minos : a comparative account of the successive stages of the early Cretan civilization as illustrated by the discoveries at Knossos. Vol. 2, part 2, Town-houses in Knossos of the new era and restored West palace section, with its state approach
Some words about the legend of Atlantis
Atlantis destroyed
The tomb of the double axes and associated group and pillar rooms and ritual vessels of the 'Little Palace' at Knossos
The Palace of Minos : a comparative account of the successive stages of the early Cretan civilization as illustrated by the discoveries at Knossos. Vol. 4, part 2, 'Camp-stool' fresco - long-robed priests and beneficent genii: Chryselephantine boy-god and ritual hair-offering; intaglio types, M.M.III-L.M.II; late hoards of sealings; deposits of inscribed tablets and the palace stores; linear script B and its mainland extension; closing palatial phase - 'Room of throne' and final catastrophe with epilogue on the discovery of 'Ring of Minos' and 'Temple tomb'
Stones that speak
People and places
Minoan stone vessels with Linear A inscriptions
The recent excavations at Phaistos
The function of the Minoan palaces : proceedings of the Fourth International Symposium at the Swedish Institute in Athens, 10-16 June, 1984
Knossos : the palace of Minos : a survey of the Minoan civilization, mythology - archaeology - history - museum - excavations
Studies in Aegean decorative art : antecedents and sources of the Mycenaean ceramic decoration
Kreta - das Erwachen Europas = Crete - The cradle of Europe = Crète - le réveil de l'Europe
The Penguin book of lost worlds. Volume two : Crete, Mycenae, Anatolia and Etruria
The secret of Crete
The Minoan roundel and other sealed documents in the Neopalatial Linear A administration
Palaces of Minoan Crete
Minoan Linear A
Minoans in the Central, Eastern and Northern Aegean : new evidence : Acts of a Minoan Seminar 22-23 January 2005 in collaboration with the Danish Institute at Athens and the German Archaeological Institute at Athens
The early Minoan tombs of Lebena, southern Crete
A handbook to the palace of Minos, Knossos with its dependencies
Minoan religion : a bibliography
The prehistoric tombs of Knossos. 1-2, The cemetery of Zafer Papoura ; The royal tomb of Isopata
