http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7432 space
space
A topology of everyday constellations
Order in space : a design source book
Navigating cultural spaces : maritime places
Mobilities and inequality
"Edward W. Said remains one of the most important literary and cultural critics in the world. A towering figure in postcolonial studies, Said may be equally well regarded for his scholarship in comparative literature, critical theory, and intellectual history. Less well known, perhaps, is Said's immense influence on geocriticism or spatial literary studies. The Geocritical Legacies of Edward W. Said brings together a variety of essays which, each in its own way, highlight the significance of Said's work for contemporary spatial criticism. With contributions from both established literary critics and emerging scholars, this collection provides a representative sample of work being done in the wake of Said's multifaceted and enormous critical project"--
Spatial strategies for interior design
Experience and conflict : the dialectics of the production of public urban space in the light of new event venues in Helsinki 1993-2003
Language, space and power : urban entanglements
Developing laser scanning applications for mapping and monitoring single tree characteristics for the needs of urban forestry
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
The Polish economy : legacies from the past, prospects for the future
Space, borders, maps
Space is luxury : 24th AESOP Annual Conference 2010, YTK, Aalto University, Finland, July 7-10, 2010 : program handbook
Lost in the shadow of the word : space, time, and freedom in interwar Eastern Europe
Perception and imaging
The geocritical legacies of Edward W. Said : spatiality, critical humanism, and comparative literature
Review of the state of the environment in Helsinki
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
Spatial computing : issues in vision, multimedia and visualization technologies
Meanings of designed spaces
Situation awareness in environmental monitoring : concepts, implementation, applications
Finland's economic situation remains difficult
Farm deaths in North Karelia
Southscapes : geographies of race, region, & literature
Diatoms from British Columbia (Canada) lakes and their relationship to salinity, nutrients and other limnological variables
What does it mean to talk about subjectivity in the language of space, and what are the political implications of doing so? A provocative and illuminating work, Indifferent Boundaries explores the ways that concepts of subjectivity are vitally grounded in metaphors of and assumptions about space. Kathleen Kirby demonstrates how changes that have taken place in real and conceptual space from the Renaissance to the postmodern era have led to a critical rearticulation of the subject by feminist, psychoanalytic, and poststructuralist theorists, among others. Tracing changing ideas about the self--from the stable form of the Enlightenment individual to the postmodern sujet en procès--Kirby appraises both the liberatory possibilities and the everyday cultural implications of the contemporary "space of the subject." This tenacious and substantive investigation of the lexicon of space sheds much needed light in previously dark corners of the poststructuralist edifice, and is certain to appeal to a broad, interdisciplinary audience.
Environmental futures : the practice of environmental scenario analysis
Nightwalking :  a nocturnal history of London, Chaucer to Dickens
"The entire material world can be divided between the natural environment and the built environment. Over the past forty years, the natural environment has received the greater share of attention of the two, but that is beginning to change. With a renewed interest in 'place' within various academic disciplines and the practical issues of rising fuel costs and scarcity of land, the built environment has emerged as a coherent and engaging subject for academic and popular consideration.While there is a growing body of work on the built environment, very little of it approaches the built environment from a distinctly Christian perspective. This major new work by Eric Jacobsen, author of the well-received Sidewalks in the Kingdom, represents a comprehensive and grounded approach. Jacobsen develops a framework for understanding the built environment and addresses timely and controversial topics such as gentrification, urban sprawl, and energy consumption. Employing tools from the field of theology and culture, he demonstrates how looking at the built environment through a theological lens provides a unique perspective on questions of beauty, justice, and human flourishing.The space between is embellished with plentiful photographs, illustrations, charts, and exercises and will be of interest to students in cultural hermeneutics, theology and culture, urban ministry, or New urbanism / built environment courses at the college and seminary level. Pastors, missionaries, church planters, and Christian professionals will also find it of interest" -- Publisher description.
Handbook of Ecological Models used in Ecosystem and Environmental Management
Perspective shift reflected in the signer's use of space
Patterns of architecture
This book is about being disabled and being poor and the social, cultural and political processes that link these two aspects of living. Environmental barriers, limited access to services and discriminatory attitudes and practice are among key elements that drive disabled people into poverty and keep them there. 'Disability and poverty' explores the lived realities of people with disabilities from across the developing world and examines how the coping strategies of individuals and families emerge in different contexts. It is aimed at the disability community, academics and policy makers in poverty and global welfare.
Outline of accounting for non-industrial private woodlots
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
Thermally responsive polymers based on N-vinylcaprolactam and an amphiphilic macromonomer
Low cost ambient air quality monitoring : developing a simple dust collecting system in Rustenburg Africa
Novel methods for personal indoor positioning
International monitoring and management of environment crisis : the Zambezi action plan : outline for research
E.M. Forster and English place : a literary topography
Boreal environment research
Cities, borders, and spaces in intercultural American literature and film
Binocular convergence as a determinant of reaching behavior in infancy
Indifferent boundaries : spatial concepts of human subjectivity
Regional outlook : Southeast Asia 2006-2007
Summary.
This volume of anglistik & englischunterricht concentrates on the relationship between representations of space and the formation of personal and group identities. Resulting from the 2009 conference of the German Association for the Study of British Cultures at Paderborn University, the papers share a special focus on the ways in which literary texts construct and/or undermine coherent spaces and thereby shape their protagonists' search for a functioning sense of self. In addition, the portrayal and reading of spaces in other (particularly visual) media will also play an important role. Readers are thereby offered a comprehensive and comparative overview of spatially grounded identity representations in the British Isles, with a temporal focus on the period from the 19th to the 21st century. Thus, the volume constitutes a valuable contribution to a vibrant discussion which after the 'spatial turn' is taking place in many fields of literary and cultural studies.
GEO year book
Defining region : socio-cultural anthropology and interdisciplinary perspectives
An overview of the Finnish pork industry
Environmental issues : the global consequences
Space and place : the perspective of experience
Second periodic assessment of the state of the marine environment of the Baltic Sea, 1984-1988 : background document
A User-Centered Facilities Change Project
Improving the Help-desk Service of the Facility Superintendents at Laurea Leppävaara
Economics and the public purpose
The closure of space in Roman poetics : empire's inward turn
Space in Hellenistic philosophy : critical studies in ancient physics
"Armchair travel may seem like an oxymoron. Doesn't travel require us to leave the house? And yet, anyone who has lost herself for hours in the descriptive pages of a novel or the absorbing images of a film knows the very real feeling of having explored and experienced a different place or time without ever leaving her seat. No passport, no currency, no security screening required--the luxury of armchair travel is accessible to us all. In Traveling in Place, Bernd Stiegler celebrates this convenient, magical means of transport in all its many forms. Like the best guidebooks, Traveling in Place is more interested in the idea of travel as a state of mind than as a physical activity, and Stiegler reflects on the different ways that traveling at home have manifested themselves in the modern era, from literature and film to the virtual possibilities of the Internet, blogs, and contemporary art." --
Sherlock Holmes's London
Traveling in place : a history of armchair travel
Economics, peace and laughter, a contemporary guide : essays
Space and time in languages and cultures : language, culture, and cognition
Finnish-Soviet intercalibration of biological parameters used for monitoring the conditions of the Gulf of Finland
Constitution of personal social space in a transition society
Towards enabling geographies : 'disabled' bodies and minds in society and space
From an examination of recent social and cultura theory and selected work on place and space by scholars of religion I draw together resources for the development of a spatial methodology for the study of religion. In order to identify the key elements of this methodology, I discuss relations between the body and space, the dimensions, properties and aspects of space, the "sacred" and sacralization. Consideration is given briefly to the application of a spatial approach, its strenths and weaknesses.
Regional economic outlook : Sub-Saharan Africa : fostering durable and inclusive growth : April 2014
The synatropic Oecobius navus (Araneae: Oecobiidae) established indoors in southern Finland
Environmental drivers of lake profundal macroinvertebrate community variation : implications for bioassessment
Place-keeping : open space management in practice
Thousand years of winter surface air temperature variations in  Svalbard and northern Norway reconstructed from ice-core data
Sorting out mobile children : boundary play and boundary work in a miniature traffic park
Regional economic outlook : Middle East and Central Asia : October 2011
Boundaries of dissent : protest and state power in the media age
Environment and society
Effects of temperature on the electrical excitability of fish cardiac myocytes
Spaces of fiction / fictions of space : postcolonial place and literary deiXis
Asian economic systems
Gender, space and power : a new paradigm for the social sciences
Space, place, and gendered violence in South African writing
Defoliation (crown thinning) is widely used as a rapid method of tree condition assessment. As a method that is based on subjective visual observation it might be influenced by statistically significant observer bias. Significant observer bias has been discovere in some countries. We analyzed the significance of observer bias occurring in the Finland's forest condition monitoring system. We analysed the data of three training courses held to the field personnel (2006, 2007, 2008). Our results indicate that some inconsistencies occur between observers, but these are still not systematic in nature. In conclusion, the detected observer biases are independent incidents, caused mainly by the observer perception during the single events. Therefore there is no need to make any systematic corrections for Finnish national visual tree defoliation assessments. We suggest that the best way to improve field assessments is the proper education and guidance of field personnel.
Regional economic outlook : Asia and Pacific : stabilizing and outperforming other regions : April 2015
Environmental monitoring programme for aquatic ecosystems in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian border area : updated implementation guidelines
Feng shui for small spaces : an introduction to geomancy
Regional economic outlook : Western Hemisphere : shifting winds, new policy challenges : October 2011
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
What if exports don't recover in the years ahead?
Indoor Positioning System Research and Develop
New perspectives on public services : place and technology
Assessing past ecological changes in lake Isojärvi and its suitability as a Finnish lake reference site using sedimentary diatoms
Representational machines : photography and the production of space
Regional economic outlook : Asia and Pacific : consolidating the recovery and building sustainable growth : October 2010
The feng shui house book : a new approach to interior design
Mapping gendered routes and spaces in the early modern world
Place, community and art: relationships
Environment, energy, public policy: toward a rational future
Facilities management : towards best practice
State of the environment : second report, 1979.
The 2nd ASEAN reader
Alternatives to economic globalization : a better world is possible : a report of the international forum on globalization
Facilities : the official research publication of EuroFM
The effect of limiting statutory auditors' civil liability on financial reporting quality : empirical evidence on liability caps and earnings management in Europe
Structural analysis and design of a warehouse building
This study examined the effect of farm size on the mortality and survival of Eastern Finnish farms in the late 1990s. Three different dimensions of farm size (i.e. hectares operated, number of milk cows, and hectares of forest) were compared. Data were extracted from administrative records and covered all 4,527 active farms in North Karelia from 1995 to 1998. Results did not support the disappearing middle size hypothesis presented by Weiss (1999). Farm size distributions were not bimodal. No empirical evidence was found of a process of polarisation into two centres of attraction. As a whole, the analysis provides some support for the conclusion that the size of forest holding as measured by hectares of forest owned by farm does not have an independent effect on the likelihood of survival. Its contribution depends on the other variables in the model. .
The establishing of the Baltic Integrated Monitoring (BIM) sites 1992-94
Space is the machine : a configurational theory of architecture
"This book explores the relationship between space, place and gendered violence as depicted in a range of South African writing. Gendered violence constitutes a unique form of violence because it is at once both intensely political and intensely personal. As a case study, South Africa offers considerable potential for analysis because the governmental technology of apartheid affected not only race relations, but also gendered and spatial ones. This resulted in conditions of exceptionality that operate on the levels of institutional power and political allegory, but yet had, and still have, an immense impact on the everyday. This book focuses on how narrative representations of gendered violence document, negotiate, challenge and resist structures of domination and power"--
Concerning the idea of space : the rise of a new fundamental in German architectural theory and in the modern movements until 1930
Regional economic outlook : Middle East and Central Asia : November 2013
Architecture as space : how to look at architecture
Other than yourself : an investigation between inner and outer space
Practical feng shui solutions
Spatial organization : the geographer's view of the world
JEM : journal of enviromental monitoring
State of the terrestrial environment in the joint Finnish, Norwegian and Russian border area on the basis of bioindicators : final technical report of the Pasvik Environment Monitoring Programme
Void : the strange physics of nothing
Regional economic outlook : Western Hemisphere : northern spring, southern chills : April 2015
Earthworm responses to metal contamination : tools for soil quality assessment
Fabric. ch
Toxicity of retene and pyrene on fish at different light conditions
National report of the Republic of Korea to UNCED 1992.
Deep maps and spatial narratives
Environmental research in the Arctic 2005
Regional economic outlook : Middle East and Central Asia : November 2012
Japanese spirit of space, ma in daily life and behind the creation of japanese textile design
Mental health and social space : towards inclusionary geographies?
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
This volume highlights the role of space in enhancing understandings of children's ordinary, everyday experiences, bringing together spatial theory and the interdisciplinary field of childhood studies. Contributors to Children's Spatialities argue that spatial perspectives are central to understanding how children's practices and trajectories are situated within more-than-social contexts. This lens opens up ways of understanding children's lives that move beyond the notion of the individual agent to recognise that agency exists within and between the spaces where children's lives happen. As such, this is a book about the intersectionality between space and cross-disciplinary approaches to childhood studies. In examining these intersections, its contributors ask: What new insights or interpretations does a critical spatial perspective of children's everyday lives offer? What are the implications for spatial theory and practice when children's lives become the primary focus of research?
Lishi de xiongbian : Zhongguo jingji 1949-1988 nian su miao = A sketch of Chinese economy, 1949-1988
Call to composers, musicians and multimedia artists to participate in a survey establishing user requirements on local positioning systems for spatially interactive applications
Forecast for 2015-2017
Man and environment Ltd : natural imbalances and social justice
Feng shui your life
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
Auditions : architecture and aurality
Development of a Quadcopter Sensor System for Measuring Thermal Profiles of the Lower Atmosphere
Regional economic outlook : Sub-Saharan Africa : staying the course : October 2014
Place and intimate sensing
Regional economic outlook : Sub-Saharan Africa : sustaining the expansion : October 2011
The protection of the environmental integrity of indigenous peoples in Human Rights Law
Constituent, confederate, and conquered space : the emergence of the Mittani state
New architecture. 6, Squares : Plazas
Living architecture : Rudolf Laban and the geometry of dance
The inheritance
Predictive data-driven modeling approaches in environmental management decision-making
Environmental review 2005 : Indicator-based summary
The global outlook has weakened slightly
GEO year book : an overview of our changing environment 2004/5
Regional economic outlook : Middle East and Central Asia : October 2014
The Baltic Sea - our common treasure : economics of saving the sea
State of the environment in Asia and the Pacific 2000
Rapid environmental assessment of the Tisza river basin
Locating the destitute : space and identity in Caribbean fiction
Cleanroom technology : fundamentals of design, testing and operation
Feng shui your home, garden, office and life : achieving health, happiness and prosperity th[r]ough the ancient art of placement
Regional economic outlook : Asia and Pacific : sustaining the momentum: vigilance and reforms : April 2014
Regional economic outlook : Sub-Saharan Africa : resilience and risks : October 2010
Event related brain potential (ERP) correlates of activation and effort in state regulation among children with attentional problems
The fall in the oil price is broadly reflected across the current situation in the global economy and the outlook for the future. According to most assessments, the oil price drop is for the most part a positive supply shock that in the short term will support growth and slow inflation in net oil-importing countries. In addition to the oil price, long-term interest rates have also declined substantially in the euro area. As a whole, the outlook for the advanced economies has strengthened on average, while the outlook for many emerging economies has weakened. There are, however, major differences within the country groups, a fact also reflected in exchange rates. A particular case in point is the appreciation of the US dollar..
Forecast for the Finnish economy in 2015-2017
From stuffed to sorted : your essential guide to organising, room by room
Gaige kaifang shi qi nian de Zhongguo diqu jingji = : China regional economy a profile of 17 years of reform and opening-up
Unmixing methods in novel applications of spectral imaging
University libraries and space in the digital world
Sklo a prostor = Glass and space
Memory, space, sound
Noise design : architectural modelling and the aesthetics of urban acoustic space
"This ambitious book investigates a major yet underexplored nexus of themes in Roman cultural history: the evolving tropes of enclosure, retreat and compressed space within expanding, potentially borderless empire. In Roman writers' exploration of real and symbolic enclosures - caves, corners, villas, bathhouses, the 'prison' of the human body itself - we see the aesthetic, philosophical and political intersecting in fascinating ways, as the machine of empire is recast in tighter and tighter shapes. Victoria Rimell brings ideas and methods from literary theory, cultural studies and philosophy to bear on an extraordinary range of ancient texts rarely studied in juxtaposition, from Horace's Odes, Virgil's Aeneid and Ovid's Ibis, to Seneca's Letters, Statius' Achilleid and Tacitus' Annals. A series of epilogues puts these texts in conceptual dialogue with our own contemporary art world, and emphasizes the role Rome's imagination has played in the history of Western thinking about space, security and dwelling"--
Multisensory museum : cross-disciplinary perspectives on touch, sound, smell, memory, and space
Wayfinding : people, signs and architecture
Propagation of financial shocks : empirical studies of financial spillovers
Internet of Things : A RFID Temperature Smart sensor
Knowledge under construction : the importance of play in developing children's spatial and geometric thinking
Enclave spaces as embodiment of performance : case of Pilke science centre
Falling oil prices translate into an income transfer from producers to consumers
Youth, space and time : agoras and chronotopes in the global city
Spatial representations of British identities
Trends in the Finnish environment : indicators for the 1997 OECD environmental performance review of Finland
From concept to form : in landscape design
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Demand Control Ventilation in Sport Facilities
Spatialities : the geographies of art and architecture
This book examines spatial language in sign languages (Turkish Sign Language, Croatian Sign Language, American Sign Language, and Austrian Sign Language) and spoken languages (Turkish, English, and Croatian). The book presents a novel model, the Crossmodal Spatial Language, to account for similarities and differences in these languages. The model, which consists of Spatial Representations, Reference Frames, Temporal Representations, Conceptual Structure, and Linguistic Representations, shows that the features from spatial input are not necessarily mapped on the spatial descriptions regardless of modality and language. The book reports several studies to examine the descriptions of static and dynamic spatial scenes which involve, among others, spatial relationals such as left-right, front-back, besides, in, on, to, toward, pass by, away, and cause to move. The findings suggest that language users construct a spatial relation between the objects in a given time, employ a reference frame, which may not be encoded in the message, and use the same conceptual structure consisted of BE-AT for static spatial situations and GO-BE-AT for static dynamic situations.
Stories of the 'boring border' : the Dutch German borderscape in people's minds
Fictionalizing the world : rethinking the politics of literature
Geohumanities / : art, history, text at the edge of place
National environmental action plan 2001-2003 : Estonia
Postcolonial literary geographies : out of place
"The study of space and place is unquestionably becoming an important research focus in the humanities and social sciences. And while there is an expanding body of theoretical work on the importance of these concepts in various disciplines, less attention has been paid to how spatial ideas and approaches can actually be deployed to understand the societies, cultures, and mentalities of the past. In this volume, leading experts explore the uses of space in two respects: how spatial concepts can be employed by or applied to the study of history, and how spaces and spatial ideas were used for practical and ideological purposes in specific periods. Together, the contributors represent a comprehensive range of disciplines concerned with space and history, including archaeology, social history, intellectual history, imperial history, geography, and cartography, allowing for an unusually broad variety of case studies and perspectives"--
Classical Feng Shui for wealth & abundance : activating ancient wisdom for a rich and prosperous life
Regional economic outlook : Western Hemisphere : rising challenges : April 2014
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
The Optimization of GMP/GLP Laboratories:  : The laboratory utilization and work safety improvement project
Three spirals of power/knowledge : scientific laboratories, environmental panopticons and emerging biopolitics
"Reading a wide range of well known postcolonial writers along with more recent authors, Spaces of Fiction / Fictions of Space implements a new theory of literary spatial marking derived from the linguistic theory of deixis, and made accessible via an analysis of Becketts 'semi-colonial' play Waiting for Godot"--Provided by publisher.
The environmental future : proceedings of the first International Conference on Environmental Future, held in Finland from 27 June to 3 July 1971
The environment in the headlines : newspaper coverage of climate change and eutrophication in Finland
A crosslinguistic study of the language of space : sign and spoken languages
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
Learning games and children's user experience : the effects of context
Light : the shape of space : designing with space and light
Place in research : theory, methodology and methods
Embodied experiences, constructing a collaborative art event in the Northern environment
Spatial statistics through applications
It is estimated that roughly 1000 new ecological and environmental models join the ranks of the scientific literature each year. The international peer-reviewed literature reports some 20,000 new models spanning the period from 1970-2010. Just to keep abreast of the field it is necessary to design a handbook of models that doesn't merely list them, but rather draws the state-of-the-art development of models for ecosystem and environmental management. Published first in 1996, Handbook of Models Applied in Ecosystem and Environmental Management applies precisely this approach to review current m.
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Forecast for 2017-2019
Spatial theory and method for the study of religion
The Finnish economy is still in a difficult situation. During the forecast period, the return to growth will be very sluggish and much slower than in the rest of the euro area. Developments in Finland's export markets now look weaker than previously forecast, and as a result foreign trade will give little stimulus to the economy in the immediate years ahead. During the forecast period, growth will depend on domestic demand. In 2016, the Finnish economy will grow 0.7%, followed by 1.0% in 2017. Risks to the forecast are predominantly on the downside and productivity development will be weak..
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : Environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
Mapping applied visual art: a research journey in the streams of art and design
OECD economic surveys : Germany. 2012.
Forecast for 2016-2018
Sedimentary zooplankton remains as indicators of lake ecological quality and trophic structure
Enclave spaces as embodiment of performance: case of Pilke science centre
Reading women's worlds from Christine de Pizan to Doris Lessing : a guide to six centuries of women writers imagining rooms of their own
Contemplating space syntax and leadership in daycare settings
Accuracy of visual tree defoliation assessment : a case study in Finland
Architecture : form, space, & order
Determing the fate of selected antibiotics during nitrogen recovery via urea-formaldehdye synthesis
Love to (be) places
Hydropower Reservoir and Sedimentation : A Study of Nam Ngum Reservoir
Spatial archaeology
Exploring the relationships between flow, mindfulness, & self-talk : a correlational study
Oecobius navus Blackwall has since 2003 been found in basements in Helsinki and other places in southern Finland. This tiny cosmopolitan spider species or any other member of its family hasn't previously been recorded in Finland or Fennoscandia..
Life writing and space
Regional economic outlook : Europe : navigating stormy waters : October 2011
Contemporary China : from Mao to capitalism
Environmental challenges in the joint border area of Norway, Finland and Russia
Regional economic outlook : Asia and Pacific : navigating an uncertain global environment while building inclusive growth : October 2011
Inbetweenness as the performance of transitory
Our Future Earth : the next 100,000 years of life on earth
Russia 2030 based on contracts
Animations of Laban's basic space harmony
A bridge over the Balkans : Demetra Vaka Brown and the tradition of "women's orients"
Overall, the outlook for the global economy has weakened slightly during the last six months. The difficulties of the emerging economies are dampening global prospects at the same time as growth in the advanced economies has even exceeded the estimated growth rate for potential output. During the forecast period (2016-2018), moderate growth in the advanced economies will continue. World trade will grow slowly, at the same pace as global GDP..
Where mortals dwell : a Christian view of place for today
Internet Of Things : RFID Temperature Smart Sensor
Mapping spaces : networks of knowledge in 17th century landscape painting
Literary landscapes : from modernism to postcolonialism
Graphics and space
Economic outlook
Cognitive and linguistic aspects of geographic space : new perspectives on geographic information research
"Quit your ♥♥♥♥♥ing and play the game" : impoliteness in a gaming-oriented online discussion forum
North in motion
The state of the environment in Helsinki : summary report
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
The geography of law : landscape, identity and regulation
Color : communication in architectural space
Language, gesture and space
Finnish exports declined 0.8% in 2014, lagging further behind the export markets and world trade growth, and they are set to barely grow at all in 2015. The scale of the problem is illustrated by the fact that the volume of exports is still approximately EUR 10 billion lower than in 2007. If exports had continued to grow on their long-term trend after 2007, the loss now would be that much greater. If the negative indirect impact of poor export performance on e.g. investment were taken into account, the final bill would increase further still..
The European miracle : environments, economies, and geopolitics in the history of Europe and Asia
Under-ice temperature and oxygen conditions in boreal lakes
Futurescapes : space in utopian and science fiction discourses
Children's spatialities : embodiment, emotion and agency
The space between : a Christian engagement with the built environment
Territorial investigations
Ecosystem health of Baltic Sea 2003-2007 : HELCOM Initial Holistic Assessment
The chemical industry during the nineteenth century : a study of the economic aspect of applied chemistry in Europe and North America
The State of the Baltic sea marine environment
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2009-2012
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
The environment : principles and applications
Effects of direct payments on farm performance : the case of dairy farms in northern EU countries
The long space : transnationalism and postcolonial form
Psychology of the house
Implementing integrated environmental management
Space and art in interaction
Mapping applied visual art : a research journey in the streams of art and design
Bridging environmental and Indigenous studies and drawing on critical geography, spatial theory, new materialist theory, and decolonizing theory, this dynamic volume examines the sometimes overlooked significance of place in social science research. There are often important divergences and even competing logics at work in these areas of research, some which may indeed be incommensurable. This volume explores how researchers around the globe are coming to terms - both theoretically and practically - with place in the context of settler colonialism, globalization, and environmental degradation. McKenzie and Tuck outline a trajectory of critical place inquiry that not only furthers empirical knowledge, but ethically imagines new possibilities for collaboration and action. Critical place inquiry can involve a range of research methodologies; this volume argues that what matters is how the chosen methodology engages conceptually with place in order to mobilize methods that enable data collection and analyses which address place explicitly and politically. Unlike other approaches which attempt to superficially tag on Indigenous concerns, decolonizing conceptualizations of land and place and Indigenous methods are central, not peripheral, to practices of critical place inquiry.
Environmental science : the way the world works
The effect of temperature on cercariae production of two Rhipidocotyle trematodes parasitizing freshwater mussel, Anodonta anatina
Methods for doppler radar monitoring of physiological signals
Novel destinations: literary landmarks from Jane Austen’s Bath to Ernest Hemingway’s Key West
Interior design with feng shui
Disability and poverty / : a global challenge
Space unjust : socio-spatial discrimination in urban public space : cases from Helsinki and Athens
The globalization of space : Foucault and heterotopia
The uses of space in early modern history
Configuring health consumers : health work and the imperative of personal responsibility
