http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7430 swindlers
swindlers impostors deceivers
Global pirates : fraud in the offshore insurance industry
The scam
American hustle
The scam : a Fox and O'Hare novel
Dancing with bears : the postutopian adventures of Darger & Surplus
In real life : love, lies & identity in the digital age
Catfish
The imposter
Väärät paperit : Identity thief
Brighton, 1871. A book by two respectable spinsters claiming to have seen the ghost of the Prince Regent in Brighton Pavilion shocks the town and attracts the attention of spiritualist Arthur Wallace Hope. Young Mina Scarletti, a writer of horror stories and investigator of psychic phenomena, suspects fraud. As the summer heat rises and hearts flutter dangerously, Mina and her associates delve into the mystery and, in doing so, they soon discover that nothing is as it seems.
Pros and cons : a short story
A gentleman's honor : a Bastion Club novel
Never saw it coming
Explaining two forms of Internet crime from two perspectives : toward stage theories for phishing and Internet scamming
Let`s be cops : Valekytät
Red seas under red skies
Civil War veteran Bobby Hale journeys into the Plains Wars-stricken American West, discovering a sense of purpose through his encounters with Native Americans and settlers who scrabble for peace and survival / WorldCat.
Spaceships of the Pleiades : the Billy Meier story
The bachelors
Unmasking the social engineer : the human element of security
Their fractured light: a Starbound novel
Special assignments : the further adventures of Erast Fandorin
Top secret twenty-one
The Blue Book
Bandits and bureaucrats : the Ottoman route to state centralization
The curious tale of the Lady Caraboo
Perfect scoundrels
Gideon Marchant is an eighteen-year-old computer hacker known in Corinth's underworld as The Knave of Hearts. He'll climb, abseil and worm his way past the best security measures to pull off onsite hacks that others don't dare touch. Sofia Quinn has a killer smile, and by the time you're done noticing it, she's got you offering up your wallet, your car, and anything else she desires. She holds LaRoux Industries responsible for the mysterious death of her father and is out for revenge at any cost. When a LaRoux Industries security breach interrupts Gideon and Sofia's separate attempts to infiltrate their headquarters, they're forced to work together to escape. Each of them has their own reason for wanting to take down LaRoux Industries, and neither trusts the other. But working together might be the best chance they have to expose the secrets LRI is so desperate to hide.
The quarry
Norman the naughty knight
Trickster makes this world : mischief, myth, and art
A swindler's progress : nobles and convicts in the age of liberty
Heist society
Impostures in early modern England : representations and perceptions of fraudulent identities
The Vengekeep Prophecies
Dead simple
The Good liar
The chase
Clouded vision
The flying man
Inventing the sacred : imposture, Inquisition, and the boundaries of the supernatural in Golden Age Spain
The crime writer
Far as the eye can see : novel
Imagine a city within a city, where monsters walk the street and magic fills the night. This is New York, but not as you know it. This New York is a city of magic and monsters. Where ordinary people live alongside demons and nightmares, completely unaware of them. New York is home to M, a man with a past...and a secret. He knows more about the creatures who call his city home than anyone else in the world. He walks between the two worlds, at home in neither but more than comfortable in both. M is the man the monsters call when things get bad. And things are about to get really, really bad.
Shooting Fish
The confidence game : the psychology of the con and why we fall for it every time
White cat
London's underworld : being selections from 'Those that will not work' the fourth volume of 'London labour and the London poor'
The very wicked headmistress
A city dreaming
Lord of misrule
The good liar
The man who believed he was king of France : a true medieval tale
One good turn : a jolly murder mystery
Gone with the bullets
The art of forgery : the minds, motives and methods of master forgers
A question of belief
Fool's gold
No one would listen : a true financial thriller
Horrible bosses. 2
The confidence game : why we fall for it ... every time
Snake oil, hustlers and hambones : the American medicine show
The heist : a novel
Chief Buffalo Child Long Lance : the glorious impostor
The girl in the glass
The sting man : inside Abscam
Part Regency mystery, part imperial history, this title presents a tale of adventure and deceit across two worlds - British aristocrats and Australian felons - bound together in an emerging age of opportunity and individualism, where personal worth was battling power based on birth alone. It illuminates the darker side of this age of liberty.
A most dangerous profession
Murder, mayhem and music hall : the dark side of Victorian London
The job
The royal ghost
The encyclopaedia of liars and deceivers
Star wars legends epic collection. The Old Republic. Volume 1
Identity Theft, Inc. : a wild ride with the world's #1 identity thief
Black heart
Phishing exposed
Replete with shady merchants, scoundrels, hungry mercenaries, scheming nobles, and maneuvering cardinals, "The Man Who Believed He Was King of France" proves the adage that truth is often stranger than fiction - or at least as entertaining. The setting of this improbable but beguiling tale is 1354 and the Hundred Years' War being waged for control of France. Seeing an opportunity for political and material gain, the demagogic dictator of Rome tells Giannino di Guccio that he is in fact the lost heir to Louis X, allegedly switched at birth with the son of a Tuscan merchant. Once convinced of his birthright, Giannino claims for himself the name King Jean I of France and sets out on a brave - if ultimately ruinous - quest that leads him across Europe to prove his identity.With the skill of a crime scene detective, Tommaso di Carpegna Falconieri digs up evidence in the historical record to follow the story of a life so incredible that it was long considered a literary invention of the Italian Renaissance. From Italy to Hungary, then through Germany and France, the would-be king's unique combination of guile and earnestness commands the aid of lords and soldiers, the indulgence of innkeepers and merchants, and the collusion of priests and rogues along the way. The apparent absurdity of the tale allows Carpegna Falconieri to analyze late-medieval society, exploring questions of essence and appearance, being and belief, at a time when the divine right of kings confronted the rise of mercantile culture. Giannino's life represents a moment in which truth, lies, history, and memory combine to make us wonder where reality leaves off and fiction begins.
The medical messiahs : a social history of health quackery in twentieth-century America
The sting
The sticy doll trap
The white cat
The herbalist
Scarlet nights
In 19th century Brighton, England spirit mediums are all the fashion--especially Miss Eustace, a psychic who claims to produce apparitions of the dead, and oleaginous Mr. Bradley, a self-proclaimed spirit healer. Diminutive Mina Scarletti, a writer of horror stories, is sure that her widowed mother and friends are in the hands of cheats and extortionists, so she enlists the help of Daniel Hamid, an Anglo-Indian doctor, her charming but disreputable brother, Richard, and Richard's mistress, Nellie, to expose the frauds. But the scheming criminals have spread their nets wide, and dramatic sâeances easily convince and captivate the vulnerable, including Daniel's disabled sister Eliza. When Mina's determined campaign backfires, she only succeeds in adding to Miss Eustace's fame. With chaos reigning in the Scarletti house, Mina and Richard must turn to desperate methods to outwit the illusionists and reveal the truth.
The job : a Fox and O'Hare novel
Mr Scarletti's ghost
Tuesday's gone
Drawing conclusions
