http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7439 redemption (transfer of ownership)
redemption (transfer of ownership)
Christ the conqueror of hell : the descent into Hades from an Orthodox perspective
Compulsory purchase and compensation
Compulsory purchase practice : guidelines on public land acquisition methods in Africa
Expropriation of real property : general laws on expropriation in Finland, Sweden, Norway and England
Stricken by God? : nonviolent identification and the victory of Christ
Images of Jesus : how Jesus is perceived and portrayed in Non-European cultures
The covenant of redemption : origins, development, and reception
Flannery O'Connor's religion of the grotesque
Law of compulsory purchase and compensation
Property rights and their violations : expropriations and confiscations, 16th-20th centuries = La propriété violée : expropriations et confiscations, XVIE-XXE siècles
Based on his letters antl sermons, A twofold solidarity offers a wideranging survey of the theology of fifth-century pope Saint Leo the Great. In addition to shedding new light on the familiar topics of christology ancl ecclesiology, the author follows less well-worn paths in order to explor Leo's spiritual, pastoral, and social theology, and outlines his vision of the way in which the mysteries of salvationhistory continue to impact ou the Christian community. At centre stage is the insight that the one who is "consubstantial" with God the Father has become "consubstantial" with human beings, and it emerges that this "double consubstantiality", or "twofold solidarity", informs each and every aspect of Leo's preaching.
Compensation for compulsory purchase : a comparative study
This guide is written for people who work in land administration and all those with an interest in land, land tenure and their governance. It explains what compulsory acquisitions and compensation are, and what constitutes good practice in this area, drawing out the lessons learned from the experience and field programs of FAO and the World Bank.--Publisher's description.
Management buy-outs
Jesus, Son, and Savior : a catechesis on the creed
Taking property and just compensation : law and economics perspectives of the takings issue
Compulsory acquisition of land and compensation
The atonement
Gendernaâ teoriâ i istoričeskoe znanie : Gender theory and historical knowledge : materialy vtoroj naučno-praktičeskoj konferencii
Investment, expropriation, and unionization
Creation and redemption
Sacrifice and redemption : Durham essays in theology
The background and content of Paul's cultic atonement metaphors
Redeeming memories : a theology of healing and transformation
Handbook of land compensation
The international law of expropriation as reflected in the work of the Iran-U.S. claims tribunal
Paul on the cross : reconstructing the Apostle's story of redemption
The village and the class war : anti-kulak campaign in Estonia
Resident peoples and national parks : social dilemmas and strategies in international conservation
Compulsory purchase and compensation : recommendations for good practice. FIG commission 9 - valuation and the management of real estate
A twofold solidarity : Leo the Great's theology of redemption
A theology of Christian counseling : more than redemption
Compulsory purchase and compensation in land acquisition and takings : papers from the seminar held at the Helsinki University of Technology TKK September 6-9, 2007
Common stock repurchases. A first year Swedish sample and comparative reactions on the US and Finnish markets
Valuation of expropriated or nationalized property in international arbitral practice of recent years
Kiinteän omaisuuden lunastaminen Suomessa = The expropriation of real property in Finland
Mememory and identity : personal reflections
Barth on the descent into hell : God, atonement, and the Christian life
The covenant of redemption (pactum salutis), the eternal intra-trinitarian covenant, was a common staple within Early Modern Reformed theology, yet there are very few historical works that examine this doctrine. J. V. Fesko's study, The Covenant of Redemption: Origins, Development, and Reception, seeks to address this lacuna. In the contemporary period the covenant of redemption has been derided as speculative, mythological, a declension from trinitarianism, or erroneously derived from one or two biblical proof-texts. Yet seldom have critics carefully engaged the primary sources to examine the different formulations, supporting exegesis, and ways in which the doctrine was employed. Far from speculation, sub-trinitarian, or a cold business transaction, proponents of the covenant of redemption constructed this doctrine based upon a web of interconnected biblical texts and were very sensitive to maintaining a robust doctrine of the trinity, as they employed this doctrine as a bulwark against the anti-trinitarian claims of Socinian theologians. Proponents of the doctrine also saw this pre-temporal covenant as the embodiment of intra-trinitarian love that overflows unto those chosen in Christ for their salvation and ultimate fellowship with the triune God.J ohn V. Fesko explores the historical origins of the doctrine and then surveys its development in the seventeenth- through nineteenth-centuries, examining key advocates of the doctrine including, David Dickson, Herman Witsius, Johannes Cocceius, Francis Turretin, Patrick Gillespie, John Gill, Jonathan Edwards, Charles Hodge, and A. A. Hodge. He then examines the contemporary reception of the doctrine in the twentieth century with a survey of the doctrine's critics, including Karl Barth, Herman Hoeksema, Klaas Schilder, and John Murray. After exploring the claims of the critics, the study moves to examine the views of twentieth-century proponents, including Geerhardus Vos, Herman Bavinck, Abraham Kuyper, Louis Berkhof, and G. C. Berkouwer.
Intergeneration farm transfers : a study of intergeneration farm transfers within families in Finland
Preaching the Atonement
Takings : private property and the power of eminent domain
Host government expropriation in the energy sector : The case Sakhalin-2
