http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7431 industrial structure
industrial structure
British farming : changing policies and production systems
Evolutionary economic geography : location of production and the European Union
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Animation unleashed : 100 principles every animator, comic book writer, filmmaker, video artist and game developer should know
Farming in the clouds
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators.
Activity-based costing method in forest industry modelling the production and costs of sawing, the pulp and paper industry, and energy production
Finland 1990-2005 : a time of challenge and preparation
Finnish summary.
Strategy, structure and economic performance
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric trends tell us?
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2004
Stephen Biesty's incredible everything
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric techniques tell us?
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Manufacturing change : interdisciplinary research on new models of operation in Finnish industry
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Locally, renewably, efficiently : climate and energy programme of North Karelia 2020 : a summary
Why has Africa become a net food importer : explaining Africa agricultural and food trade deficits
Resilient livelihoods : disaster reduction for food and nutrition security
Optimizing soil moisture for plant production : the significance of soil porosity
Capability-based adaptation of production systems in a changing environment
European integration and the functioning of product markets
Agricultural growth and structural changes in the Punjab economy : an input-output analysis
Formation and maintenance of market structure
Understanding regional productivity in a Nordic welfare state : does ICT matter?
Abstract (1 s.).
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Research perspectives in service engineering and management. 1
Manufacturing and erection of telecommunication towers
Yield and optimum structure of uneven-aged sal forests in Southern Nepal
Towards successful production concepts in global environment : the final report of "Production anticipation in multicultural environments" research project
Coniferous forest ecology, from an international perspective
Forecasts for 2000
Change in coordinated market economies : the case of Nokia and Finland
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2006
The seven sisters : the great oil companies and the world they made
Periphery syndrome : a reinterpretation of regional development theory in a resource periphery
The human factor in agriculture, with reference to increasingly rapid changes in market situations, social environment and technology: strategies for professional education
Evaluation of the measures concerning the adaptation of production structures (Objective 5a) : analytical report : implementation of regulation (EEC) No. 797/85 in the member states of the E.E.C. (Aid for investments and Aid for young farmers)
India rising : emergence of a new world power
Housing design : a manual
Production, primary, secondary, and tertiary : Finnish growth and structural change, 1860-2004
China's geography : globalization and the dynamics of political, economic, and social change
Partial subcontracting, monitoring cost, and market structure
The capitalist world system and the encounter with the local level
Graphics and packaging production
Summary (s. 6-9).
Structural changes in Finnish industrial production in 1954-1965
Yhteenveto (Summary in Finnish).
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
EU industrial structure : performance and competitiveness
Soviet workers and de-Stalinization : the consolidation of the modern system of Soviet production relations, 1953-1964
The violence of abstraction : the analytic foundations of historical materialism
EU industrial structure 2007 : challenges and opportunities
Abstract (s. 3).
Industrial market structure and economic performance
Contemporary rural systems in transition. Vol. 1, Agriculture and environment
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators. According to results, public capital seems to have had a positive impact on private production.
Adoption of value-adding processes in Swedish sawmills
Summary (s. 5-8).
Agriculture in England : a survey of farming, 1870-1947
Managing cross-functional interdependencies : the contingent value of integration
Soil compaction in crop production
Movies and meaning : an introduction to film
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
New forms of service-production : fashion or a necessity?
Structural adjustment and agriculture : African and Asian experiences
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
The transformation of the agrifood system in Central and Eastern Europe and the new independent states
Value creation and structural change during the third industrial revolution : the Swedish economy from a vertical perspective
Essays on sectoral adjustment in an open economy
The international farm crisis
Vital signs 1997 : the environmental trends that are shaping our future
Music on show : issues of performance
Constructing service machines : final report
Introduction to documentary production : a guide for media students
Aspects of the world feed-livestock economy : structural changes, prospects and issues
Labour productivity growth and industry structure : the impact of industry structure on productivity growth, export prices and labour compensation
The potential for community restructuring : mining towns in Pechenga
Bulk nanostructured materials
The dynamics of agrarian structures in Europe : case studies from the Federal Republic of Germany, Hungary, Italy, Norway, and Poland
Genesis and evolution of brittle structures in southwestern Finland and western South Africa : insights into fault reactivation, fluid flow and structural maturity in Precambrian cratons
Manufacturing systems design and analysis : context and techniques
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
Invariance principles and the structure of technology
Apparel manufacturing : sewn product analysis
The effects of the production and consumption patterns of industrialised countries on the environment in the south
Why do some farmers develop amd other quit their milk production?
Eucalyptus seed
Managing in emerging market economies : cases from the Czech and Slovak Republics
Globalising food : agrarian questions and global restructuring
Effects of stabilization and structural adjustment programmes on food security
Bubbles in food 2 : novelty, health, and luxury
Russia: out of the post-soviet macroeconomic deadlock through a labyrinth of reforms
International trends in developments of production and industrial structure
Industrial structure in the new industrial economics
Finland as a member of European Union - first experiences
