http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7436 particles (matter)
particles (matter)
Laser-driven particle acceleration : experimental investigations
Stone crushing activities and delivery of the material can increase air pollution and particle emissions into the air which can have health effects on the residents living around a stone crushing plant. The main purpose of this study is to gather information on the increased level of particle emissions by stone crushing and transportation activities and its health effects on local residents. This report is literature based and presents the information on the crushing activities on particle levels and their possible health effects. There are only few studies concerning the health effects of a stone crushing plant on the residents around it is very limited. Urban air quality is already affected by existing traffic and possible industries around it, the addition of stone crushing project will add up to air pollution problems in urban areas. There are considerable links between the increase of particle emissions and mortality/morbidity rates in urban areas, where the amount of traffic and particle emissions is high. An increase of only 10μg/m3 in PM2.5 can raise cardiovascular mortality about 6%. Elemental carbon (EC) concentration measured by filter sampling seemed to be the best indicator of heavy diesel vehicle traffic pollution. In addition to that diesel, trucks increase also nitrogen dioxide exposure and polluted area in Sääksjärvi example case. Diesel truck related particle level at the transportation route could increase by about 0.12 μg/m3 (270 trucks a day) or by 0.20 μg/m3 (370 trucks a day). Also road dust levels possibly increase due to intense traffic. Recent studies have suggested that also short term exposure to PM10 may increase respiratory symptoms and trigger heart attacks. It was concluded that the addition of dust and particle pollution by stone crushing activities as well as stone material delivery, can have a negative health effect on the residents nearby a stone crushing plant. In order to evaluate the severity and the affecting amounts of pollution, further studies need to be carried out.
Nuclear and particle physics
Introduction to elementary particles
On the synthesis, morphology, and applications of engineered aerosol nanoparticles
Nanoparticles and catalysis
Liposome nanoparticles for targeted drug delivery, gene delivery and magnetic imaging
Surface modification of gold nanoparticles and nanoclusters
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
Biopolymer-based nanoparticles for drug delivery
Studies on the connections between atmospheric sulphuric acid, new particle formation and cloud condensation nuclei
On the growth of atmospheric nanoparticles by organic vapors
"Unique in its coverage of all aspects of modern particle physics, this textbook provides a clear connection between the theory and recent experimental results, including the discovery of the Higgs boson at CERN. It provides a comprehensive and self-contained description of the Standard Model of particle physics suitable for upper-level undergraduate students and graduate students studying experimental particle physics. Physical theory is introduced in a straightforward manner with full mathematical derivations throughout. Fully-worked examples enable students to link the mathematical theory to results from modern particle physics experiments. End-of-chapter exercises, graded by difficulty, provide students with a deeper understanding of the subject. Online resources available at www.cambridge.org/MPP feature password-protected fully-worked solutions to problems for instructors, numerical solutions and hints to the problems for students and PowerPoint slides and JPEGs of figures from the book"--
Theory of reflection : reflection and transmission of electromagnetic, particle and acoustic waves
Contribution of biogenic volatile organic compounds to the formation and growth of particles in the atmosphere : from molecule cluster to cloud condensation nuclei
Chemical characterization and source apportionment of submicron aerosol particles with aerosol mass spectrometers
Theory and models for Monte Carlo simulations of minority particle populations in tokamak plasmas
Survey of prevention methods and amounts of road dust in Scandinavia and Canada as well as particle size distribution of road dust in Pori : opinnäytetyö
Particle size analysis : the proceedings of the 25th Anniversary Conference organised by the Particle Characterisation Group of the Analytical Division of The Royal Society of Chemistry, 17th - 19th September 1991, University of Loughborough
The air spora : a manual for catching and identifying airborne biological particles
Estimating particle number size distribution from multi-instrument observation with Kalman filtering
Micro and nanoparticles in papermaking
Remote sensing of aerosols : applications for air quality and climate studies
Studies on global geomagnetic activity and magnetic storms
Modern particle physics
Experimental study of nanoscale metal clusters using synchrotron radiation excited photoelectron spectroscopy
Gas sensors based on nanostructured tungsten oxides
Toxic and carcinogenic effects of solid particles in the respiratory tract
From nanoclusters to climate forcers : global modeling of aerosol climate effects
A practical pollen guide to the British flora
Electromechanics of particles
Interfacial phenomena in pharmaceutical low moisture content powder processing
Avidin-biotin technology and targeted treatment of malignant glioma
Atmospheric diffusion : study of the dispersion of windborne material from industrial and other sources
Mesoporous silicon micro- and nanoparticles : a versatile tool for peptide delivery
Typical nanoparticle concentrations in exhaust plumes and rates of processes affecting nanoparticle formation and growth
Image processing methods for particle analysis in pulp making process
The verification of dust-particle-counter in case of differences of particle shapes
Simultaneous measurements of gaseous emissions, particulates and noise from individual vehicles in traffic
Influence of source types and source areas on the concentrations of volatile organic compounds in Southern Finland
Oxidation kinetics of nickel particles
Hydrodynamical flow and hadron spectra in ultrarelativistic heavy ion collisions at RHIC and the LHC
A comprehensive and up-to-date overview of soft and hard diffraction processes in strong interaction physics. The first part covers soft hadron-hadron scattering in a complete and mature presentation. It can be used as a textbook in particle physics classes. Chapters 8-11 address graduate students as well as researchers, covering the "new diffraction": the pomeron in QCD, low-x physics, diffractive deep inelastic scattering and related processes.
Fine particle (2.5 microns) emissions : regulations, measurement, and control
Urban climate and air quality in tropical cities
Chemical mass closure and source-specific composition of atmospheric particles
Particle Size Measurements : Fundamentals, Practice, Quality
Model studies on the size distribution dynamics of atmospheric aerosols
Modelling the role of charge in atmospheric particle formation using quantum chemical methods
Mesoporous silicon particles designed for nanomedical applications
Particles in water : properties and processes
Particle size distribution and suspension stability in aqueous submicron grinding of CaCO3 and TiO2
Production and surface modification of pharmaceutical nano- and microparticles with the aerosol flow reactor
Detection of charged kaons using the decay topology in ALICE TPC
This book provides an overview of the basic concepts of large transverse momentum particle physics, with a focus on pQCD phenomena. It examines high-pT probes of relativistic heavy-ion collisions and will serve as a handbook for those working on RHIC and LHC data analyses. Starting with an introduction and review of the field, the authors look at basic observables and experimental techniques, concentrating on relativistic particle kinematics, before moving onto a discussion about the origins of high-pT physics. The main features of high-pT physics are placed within a historical context and the authors adopt an experimental outlook, highlighting the most important discoveries leading up to the foundation of modern QCD theory.
Study on soot and other refractory components from various combustion processes
Experimental studies on new particle formation and ions
Physics at the terascale
Energetic particle acceleration and transport in wave-heated solar wind
Particle size measurement. Vol. 1, Powder sampling and particle size measurement
Abstract: Survey of prevention methods and amounts of road dust in Scandinavia and Canada as well as particle size distribution of road dust in Pori.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon emissions from residental wood combustion
Canadian perspectives on air pollution
TiO2 nanoparticles as UV protectors in skin
The handbook of environmental chemistry. Vol. 4, part D, Airborne particulate matter
The aim of this work was to report the results of a study which evaluated the sampling efficiency of an air sampling device, the Split2 Multifunctional Real-Time Dust Monitor. Further aim was to compare the sampling efficiency of the Split2 Dust Monitor with that of a reference device, the Dust Trak Aerosol Monitor.  The data used in this study was obtained from a series of experimental samplings carried out by Yosabeth Kebede and Kalle Kuulasmaa. Two air sampling devices were used to measure the mass concentration of particulate matter at three different sampling sites. The sampling sites were chosen based on the level of particulate matter concentration. Data analysis was then carried out by utilizing Microsoft Excel 2007. The study shows that mass concentration levels read by the Split2 Dust Monitor, operating actively, are linear with that of the Dust Trak Aerosol Monitor. When operated passively, the Split2 almost always read higher than that of the Dust Trak. This is explained by the insufficient introduction of particles into the Split2 inlet while it is operating passively. The Dust Trak on the other hand is equipped with an air sampling pump internally. Abrupt hikes of concentration levels read by the Split2 are most likely attributed to dust loading effects.
Physical characterization of diesel exhaust nucleation mode particles
Engineered nanoparticles : effects in mouse respiratory tract and occupational exposure during flame spray process
On-chip purification of arc-discharge synthesized multiwalled carbon nanotubes via mobile liquid interface
Referat (s. 1-6).
Acute and chronic effects of carbon nanoparticles fullerenes(C60) on aquatic invertebrate Chironomus riparius
Experimental techniques in nuclear and particle physics
Reengineering on data analysis software for the energetic particle experiment ERNE on-board the SOHO satellite
From cluster properties to concentrations and from concentrations to cluster properties
Particle size distribution as a factor in designing the tertiary stage of pulp and paper mill waste water treatment
A computational framework for coupled modelling of three-phase systems with soluble surfactants
Quantum mechanics study of molecular clusters composed of atmospheric nucleation precursors
Numerical and experimental study on inertial impactors
Reduction of Particulate Matter Emissions in EU Inland Waterway Transport
Dust reduction in magnesite industry
New particle formation and its connection with cloud droplet population in a remote continental site in Northern Finland
Characterization of particulate matter from atmospheric fluidized bed biomass gasifiers
Formation and growth of fresh atmospheric aerosols : eight years of aerosol size distribution data from SMEAR II, Hyytiälä, Finland
Tivistelmä (abstract in Finnish)
On the sources of submicron aerosol particles in savannah : implications for climate and air quality
From sensors to reasons : fluidized bed spray granulation process monitoring by acoustic emission
Enhancing silicon solar cell efficiency with metal nanoparticles
Atmospheric ultrafine particle measurements
Nanoparticle technology handbook
Warped passages : unravelling the universe's hidden dimensions
Numerical approaches to new particle formation and growth in the atmosphere
Fundamentals of interface and colloid science. Vol. 4, Particulate colloids
Nanoparticle emissions from combustion engines
PM10 means particulate matter where each particle has a diameter of 10 μm or less. PM10 not only  correlates strongly with residents' disease, cancer and death, but is also relevant to global climate  change, atmospheric photochemical smog, acid deposition and ozone depletion and other major issues.  (赵琦,2007: 4)  This investigation was implemented by Tampere University of Applied Sciences and Environmental  Services of Tampere during May 2009. The area for the experiment was HÄRMÄLÄ. This final thesis will  concentrate on one specific week's data from May 11th to May 17th 2009.  After analysing it, we will predicate possible reasons which lead to PM10 pollution in order to improve  measurement methods and also improve the software and applications in the ELPI (Electrical Low  Pressure Impactor) machine. However, we collected and organized half a year's data.  In our project, we analyzed the mass concentration of PM10 measured by ELPI (Electrical Low Pressure  Impactor) affected by the number of combustion sources( sauna and wood heating as well as other  heating methods) in different blocks in the HÄRMÄLÄ area.  The data handling processes mainly require a high standard of Excel graphical presentation skills. And it  also needs innovation methods with a knowledge of physics, math, and software skills. All the data  handling processes in my thesis use Excel and other software tools instead of a calculator. So the  results are quite accurate. The appendix will not be published, because the information is confidential.  Due to limited time, there might be mistakes and errors. I appreciate that the reader could provide advice  and suggestions. And I would like to discuss any topic related to my final thesis.  My email address: zhouyou1227@hotmail.com
Memory effects in the dynamics of open quantum systems
Quantitative analysis of PM10 emission sources in Härmälä small combustion area
Sequential Es at Sodankylä
Kinetics and dynamics of atmospheric ions, clusters and aerosols
Studies on statistical features of multi-particle production in momentum and isospin space
The particle atlas : an encyclopedia of techniques for small particle identification. Vol. 5, Light microscopy atlas and techniques
Review, Assessment and Development of Search Engine for Residential Wood Combustion
Electromagnetic scattering by particles and particle groups : an introduction
Probabilistic modelling of PM[sup2.5] exposures in the working age population of Helsinki metropolitan area
This book deals with the reflection of electromagnetic and particle waves by interfaces. The interfaces can be sharp or diffuse. The topics of the book contain absorption, inverse problems, anisotropy, pulses and finite beams, rough surfaces, matrix methods, numerical methods, reflection of particle waves and neutron reflection. Exact general results are presented, followed by long wave reflection, variational theory, reflection amplitude equations of the Riccati type, and reflection of short waves. There are new chapters on periodically stratified media, ellipsometry, chiral media, neutron reflection and reflection of acoustic waves. The chapter on anisotropy is much extended, with a complete treatment of the reflection and transmission properties of arbitrarily oriented uniaxial crystals.
Acute respiratory health effects of particulate matter : effects of size, composition and sources
High pT physics in the heavy ion era
From Markov chains to non-equilibrium particle systems
Industry and traffic related particles and their role in human health
Nonlinear dynamics and chaos in classical Coulomb-interacting many-body billiards
Carbon nanoparticles in aquatic environments : fate of fullerenes (C60) in freshwaters and their effects on organisms
Mitigating the adverse impact of particulates on indoor air
Particle transport method for convection problems with reaction
Self-organization of nanoparticles : implications for interface biology
In vitro, in vivo, and in silico investigations of polymer and lipid based nanocarriers for drug and gene delivery
Low cost ambient air quality monitoring : developing a simple dust collecting system in Rustenburg Africa
Introduction to particle technology
Investigations of planetary boundary layer processes and particle formation in the atmosphere of planet Mars
Transverse jet shape modification in Pb-Pb collisions at sqrt(s)=2.76 TeV from two particle correlations
On the accelerator production of short-lived radionuclides : studies of density reduction in gas targets
Fine particles in urban air : exposure and cardiovascular health effects
This self-contained and accessible book provides a thorough introduction to the basic physical and mathematical principles required in studying the scattering and absorption of light and other electromagnetic radiation by particles and particle groups. For the first time the theories of electromagnetic scattering, radiative transfer, and weak localization are combined into a unified, consistent branch of physical optics directly based on the Maxwell equations. A particular focus is given to key aspects such as time and ensemble averaging at different scales, ergodicity, and the physical nature of measurements afforded by actual photopolarimeters. Featuring over 120 end-of-chapter exercises, with hints and solutions provided, this clear, one-stop resource is ideal for self-study or classroom use, and will be invaluable to both graduate students and researchers in remote sensing, physical and biomedical optics, optical communications, optical particle characterization, atmospheric physics and astrophysics.
Scalar mediated fermion masses for technicolor
Urban air quality in the United Kingdom : first report of the quality of Urban Air review Group
Cluster population simulations as a tool to probe particle formation mechanisms
Particle filter retrofit for all Diesel engines
CLEANROOMS IN PHARMACEUTICAL PRODUCTION
Identified charged particle flow and unfolding event-by-event flow in heavy ion collisions
Characterisation and source identification of pollution episodes caused by long-range transported aerosols
Measurements of PM1, PM2.5 and PM10 in air at Nordic background stations using low-cost equipment
The performance of Split2 Multifunctional Real-Time Dust Monitor at various levels of particulate matter concentration
When the rubber meets the road : ecotoxicological hazard and risk assessment of tire wear particles
Functionalized carbon nanotube for next generation biosensor
Observations of energetic particles in the terrestrial magnetosphere
Design, construction and commissioning of the EMMA experiment
The in vitro toxicological effects of particulate emissions from small- and medium-scale heating systems
NADPH-dependent thioredoxin system in regulation of chloroplast functions
Nanotechnology in dermatology
Acceleration of solar energetic particles in coronal shocks through self-generated turbulence
Towards realistic orbit-following simulations of fast ions in ITER
Technologies for measuring particulates
Structural simulation of molecular clusters and vapor-liquid interface
High-energy particle diffraction
Reducing particulate emissions in traffic and transport
Particles in ambient air : a health risk assessment
The particle atlas : an encyclopedia of techniques for small particle identification. 1, Principles and techniques
Outdoor urban aerosols and their transport and fate indoors
Health effects of particles on residents around a stone crushing plant
Studies of the B ̊s-B ̄ ̊s system in the CMS experiment at the LHC
Informing and action plan: deteriorated air quality
