http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7440 land acquisition
land acquisition
Farming practices and crop production : an exploratory study of farming strategies vs. maizeproduction in Makanya village, Tanzania
Urban land markets in Asia : the role of private developers and guidelines on public acquisition of land
Farm machinery : selection, investment and management
Abstract.
Visionary management in water services : reform and development of institutional frameworks
The Palm oil controversy in Southeast Asia : a transnational perspective
Public contracts in a EU, EEA and GPA perspective : three lectures
Rural water supply and sanitation project in the Lumbini zone, Nepal : evaluation mission
Towards viable water services : seminar on water supply and sanitation sector policies and strategies, Hanoi and Haiphong, Vietnam, 10-12 November 1997
Social and environmental policies in EC procurement law : new directives and new directions
The European Union and world trade law : after the GATT Uruguay Round
The liberalisation of public procurement and its effects on the common market
Paying for water in developing countries
Capitalizing on the global workforce : a strategic guide to expatriate management
Cultural differences influencing the use of ICT and forest technology in German and Finnish foresters work
Summary (s. 9-17).
EC public procurement : case law and regulation
Handbook of land and water grabs in Africa : foreign direct investment and food and water security
Local government, planning and land act 1980
Compulsory purchase and compensation : recommendations for good practice. FIG commission 9 - valuation and the management of real estate
Zimbabwe's fast track land reform
The environmental performance of public procurement : issues of policy coherence
Manual on participatory epidemiology : methods for the collection of action-oriented epidemiological intelligence
Land & EU accession : review of the transitional restrictions by new member states on the acquisition of agricultural real estate
International water security : domestic threats and opportunities
The law of green and social procurement in Europe
Land-use planning as inter-organizational learning
Software procurement
Access to land and land policy reforms
Cultivating gender : meanings of place and work in rural Vietnam
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland / utgivare: Lantmäteristyrelsen, Geografiska sällskapet i Finland = Atlas of Finland / publishers: National Board of Survey, Geographical Society of Finland. Vihko = Häfte = Folio 151-152 (1990), Maankäyttö, maanomistus, kiinteistönmuodostus = Markanvändning, markägande, fastighetsbildning = Land use, land ownership, real estateformation
Research of Nordic Countries' B2B fruit purchasing for case company Jaguar, The Fresh Company / Tiina-Maria Helena Niemi
Analysis of the business opportunities in the E-government sector in Italy for finnish companies
Buying social justice : equality, government procurement, and legal change
Estimation of supply and delivery cost of energy wood from Northwest Russia
Business to business marketing management : a global perspective
Compulsory purchase practice : guidelines on public land acquisition methods in Africa
Sharing the good : modes of managing water resources in the lower Mekong River Basin
Urban property market and land law in Finland
The global land grab : beyond the hype
Figures for food in Africa : proceedings of the workshop 'statistics in support of African food policies and strategies', Brussels, 13 to 16 May 1986.
Finnish disabled war veteran : summary of Suomalainen sotainvalidi
Key methods in geography
The great land rush and the making of the modern world, 1650-1900
Thirsting for credible commitments : how secure land tenure affects accsess to drinking water in sub-Saharan Africa
Regulating procurement : understanding the ends and means of public procurement regulation
Company law in the new Europe : the EU acquis, comparative methodology, and model law
Choosing and using farm machines
Foreign correspondents and international newsgathering : the role of fixers
Assessing learning-to-learn : a framework
India phenomenon: why do Finnish companies outsource or transfer manufacturing from Finland to India?
WTO trade instruments in EU law : commercial policy instruments: dumping, subsidies, safeguards, public procurement
Summary (s. 5-8).
Selling to the public sector in Europe : a practical guide for small and medium-sized companies
Market integration and public services in the European Union
After socialism : land reform and social change in Eastern Europe
Buying Defence and Security in Europe is the first critical evaluation of the EU Defence and Security Procurement Directive 2009/81/EC, which is now the basis for public and private entities buying armaments and sensitive goods and services in the EU. This instrument aims to ensure non-discrimination, competition and transparency in the security sectors. Part one provides a critical analysis of the economical, historical, political, military-strategic and legal contexts of the new EU Defence and Security Procurement Directive. Part two covers the main aspects of the Directive: its scope, procedures, security of supply and information, offsets and subcontracting, and finally its review and remedies system. This book is an essential overview of a legislative milestone in the field.
Living with environmental change : waterworlds
Buying defence and security in Europe : the EU defence and security procurement directive in context
Land investments, accountability and the law : lessons from West Africa
Water : the epic struggle for wealth, power, and civilization
The EC public procurement rules : a critical analysis
Effective legal research
The development of water supply associations in Finland and its significance for developing countries
Water resources across Europe : confronting water scarcity and drought
Exploring firm level market knowledge competence and its implications for the speed and success of export expansion : a mixed methodology study from the software industry
The law of public and utilities procurement
Extension science : information systems in agricultural development
Farm power and machinery management
A balanced sourcing toolkit
Trade regulations and product oriented environmental measures
A low-cost pulp producing country
Abstract: Potato producer as a supplier of retailers and wholesalers.
Can the poor enhance poverty reduction? : rural and urban perspectives on water resources, poverty & participatory development in the Tonle Sap Region and Phnom Penh, Cambodia
This Master's thesis concerns sourcing toolkit development for a ship power solutions provider company. The purpose of the toolkit is to support strategic sourcing, and to help address the strategy trends and possible shortcomings of sourcing. Toolkit functionality will be tested with the existing sourcing strategy to verify its functionality Sourcing is one of the core functions of the company due to its large impact on the overall performance of the company. Sourcing must find a balance between cheap cost, applicable quality, and supply accuracy. Balancing these factors globally is very challenging and typically there is a clear need for tools that help this process. In this thesis, the current level of sourcing tools were benchmarked against known companies' tools and methods. Further, the current sourcing strategy was compared to the business practices of leading companies in related industries by studying written material on the benchmarked companies. For the source material, reference companies were selected if they were operating the same style of business. As a result of the work, a toolkit was created, which is applicable to the different categories of company sourcing. This toolkit does not provide direct answers to specific problems, instead it points out the weak points and development possibilities for the sourcing strategy. Toolkit functionality was tested by applying it to existing sourcing strategy development. The toolkit clearly presented sourcing strategy challenges and showed what actions are needed to secure sourcing balance. This toolkit will be used in the future for sourcing strategy development.
WTO Government procurement: need for multilateral agreement in consonance with the principled approach
Procurement principles and management
Land acquisitions and foreign direct investment - challenges and opportunities for developing countries : case study of Kisarawe District, Tanzania; focusing small scale farmers
European guide to alliances between subcontracting SMEs
Handbook for ox skidding research
The future of water : a startling look ahead
Summary.
Implementation of the community land scheme : interim report, April 1978
Global purchasing : reaching for the world
Compulsory purchase and compensation in land acquisition and takings : papers from the seminar held at the Helsinki University of Technology TKK September 6-9, 2007
Reengaging in agricultural water management : challenges and options
Searches and enquiries : a conveyancer's guide
Quantifying the agri-food supply chain
Finnish aid in rural water supply and sanitation improvements : lessons in institutional evolution in Nepal
Collecting data on livestock
Public procurement in the European Union
Agro-industrial investments in Cameroon : large-sacale land acquisitions since 2005
Integrity in public procurement : good practice from A to Z.
Public procurement in the EU : a practitioner's guide
Occupational safety and health in marketing and procurement
