http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p744 power engines
power engines
Aircraft in profile. 11.
Warsaw Pact air forces
Stationary steam engines
Planning of optimal power systems
250 years of steam
Russian strategic aviation today
Historic naval aircraft : from the pages of Naval history magazine
Hornet : F/a-18
Advanced electric drives : analysis, control and modeling using Simulink
Aircraft 2000 : the future of aerospace technology
Stirling news
Preparation and characterisation of MnCo[sub 2]O[sub 4] and Raney nickel catalysts for alkaline fuel cells
Methodologies for development of series-hybrid powertrains to non-road mobile machineries
The motor vehicle
At this very moment in Geneva, Switzerland, history is being made. A thousand meters underground inside the Large Hadron Collider, researcher Neela Sethi is about to discover time travel - and jeopardize her life in the process. But she doesn't know that yet. Ten minutes from now, every deadbeat chrononaut, wannabe conqueror, and misguided protector of the timestream will be banging down her door. Good thing that the legendary Ivar, Timewalker, got there first... right? Now it's down to history's most jaded, most tempestuous time traveler to stop the worst of everything that is, was, and will be... before time runs out!
Detail & Scale 22 : A-7 Corsair II. 22
U.S. Air Force in the 1970s
The subject of this conceptual thesis is to develop a design language for Wärtsilä's new four stroke portfolio reflecting company values. The visual appearance of the new four stroke portfolio should be easily identified as Wärtsilä brands new products. This thesis is done for Wärtsilä's R&D department in Turku. Research methods in this thesis are observation and interview, which both are qualitative. Observation is used when studied the company values, present design language and technical design decisions in the products. Interview is used to get more depth when trying to understand the Wärtsilä's design process and product development. There are few main features that industrial design can have the most effect on. These main design features, and the idealism that Wärtsilä has about the easy maintain of its products, are a straight guideline in the design process. The values are the core of the Wärtsilä and so forth also the core of the final design. Company determines its values in these words: foster openness, respect and trust to create excitement. While guidelines to the shapes are produced from the values, the technical elements and usability in cover castings have been influenced by easy maintain and usability. These design decisions gives the engine minimalistic and sleek visual appearance. In the beginning of this thesis industrial design, Wärtsilä's history and basics of engine features are studied. After the background information the assignment and target are determined. The final concept is presented trough 3D-models and design decisions evaluation.
History of the RAF
Encyclopedia of the world's air forces
A practical guide to steam turbine technology
Scales, deposits, pitting and corrosion with their analyses and the analyses of the waters that caused them
Top Gun Aircraft
F-16 Fighting Falcon
History of the German air force
Flying colours /comp. by w. green and g. swan..
B-52 Stratofortress in action
Design & simulation of thermal systems
An Illustrated Guide to Military Helicopters
Thunderbolt and Lightning : the jug and the fork-tailed devil
The nightmare stacks
The steam engine : a brief history of the reciprocating engine
The Smithsonian book of flight
Engine testing : theory and practice
Tractors and their power units
Warplanes of the World 1918-1939
An introduction to heat pipes : modeling, testing, and applications
Power equipment engine technology
Engineering heat transfer : SI version
Modern European aircraft
Top gun : the ultimate in airborne action
Design of marine generators for alternative diesel-electric power systems
Design language for new Wärtsilä four stroke engine portfolio
Steam wagons in colour
Historic aircraft
An illustrated guide to the modern soviet air..
Twentyfour7 : Wärtsilä quarterly magazine
Proceedings of Fifth International Seminar on Horizontal Steam Generators
The Encyclopedia of Modern Warplanes : The Development and Specifications of All Active Military Aircraft
The marine steam-engine
Modern Aircraft Markings
The illustrated encyclopedia of major aircraft of world war 2
Internal combustion engines
Mechanics and thermodynamics of propulsion
US air force : air power directory
JET FIGHTER F/A-18 MCDONNELL DOUGLAS HORNET : BY FRANK VANN
Prime movers for generation of electricity : A : steam turbines
Aircraft in profile. 13.
Prime movers for generation of electricity : B : medium speed diesel generating sets
Nordic Airpower
Igor Sikorsky : the Russian years
Theory and design of steam and gas turbines
Military aircraft insignia of the world
Baltica 4 : plant maintenance for managing life & performance, Helsinki-Stockholm-Helsinki, 7-9 September, 1998. Vol. 2
Combined heat and power : Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers : International Conference, 11-12 October 1994, Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Birdcage Walk, London
The hamlyn concise guide to soviet military..
Encyclopedia of world aircraft
British experimental jet aircraft
In detail : Wärtsilä technical journal
Mechanical engineer's handbook. Vol. 4, Energy and power
Great carrier aircraft
Fourth International Seminar on Horizontal Steam Generators : 11-13 March 1997, Lappeenranta, Finland
The Illustrated Anatomy of the World's Fighters
Soviet aircraft of today
The world's strangest aircraft
Device and materials modeling in PEM fuel cells
Hydraulic and compressible flow turbomachines
Modern Attack Aircraft
Military Aviation Review : First Year of Issue
COMBAT AIRCRAFT
Magnesium overcast : the sory of the Convair B-36
Luftwaffe : advanced aircraft projects to 1945. Volume 1 : Fighters & ground-attack aircraft Arado to Junkers
Fighters of the mighty eight 1942-1945
Knights of the air
Fighters
A short history of air power
