http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7445 imposition
imposition
Adobe® InDesignTM 1.5 : classroom in a book®
Book-art : innovation in book design
Designing news : changing the world of editorial design and information graphics
Moo-Cow, Kung-fu Cow
The best of newspaper design 24 : the 2002 society for news design annual competition
Making and breaking the grid : a layout design workshop
Paper engineering : 3-D design techniques for a 2-D material
Page layout : inspiration. innovation. information
Notes on book design
The non-designer's design book : design and typographic principles for the visual novice
Layout workbook : a real-world guide to building pages in graphic design
Exercises in refractometry
Journalism workbook : a manual of tasks, projects and resources
This comprehensive manual outlines the areas of expertise that graphic designers must master and offers hundreds of tips and examples of fundamental skills. Topics include an in-depth examination of color, typography concepts, an overview of imagery, methods for integrating type and image, and 20 rules for good design plus the best ways to break them.
PageMaker 7 : the complete reference
QuarkXPress 4 for dummies
Grids : n. a structure or pattern of lines used to guide the placement of the elements of a design
Magazine design : how to affect a reader's values? : a study based on the project of creating design for the Ympäristö magazine
The typography idea book : inspiration from 50 masters
Layout : n. an arrangement of parts etc. according to a plan
This Is Olivia!
Exploring Adobe InDesign Creative Cloud
Typographics three global vision
Typo graphics : the art and science of type design in context
Typography
From City to Image : two grazy journeus into unexplored frontiers of graphic design
Inkscape 0.48 essentials for web designers
Printed matter = Drukwerk
Layout : making it fit : finding the right balance between content and space
Sir Charlie Stinky Socks and the really dreadful spell
Page layout : inspiration, innovation, information
Adobe creative suite 5 bible
Adobe GoLive 4.0 : user guide
InDesign type : professional typography with Adobe InDesign
Making and breaking the grid : a graphic design layout workshop
Arabic for designers
100 Classic Graphic Design Journals surveys a unique collection of the most influential magazines devoted to graphic design, advertising and typography. These journals together span over 100 years of the history of print design and chart the rise of graphic design from a necessary sideline to the printing industry to an autonomous creative profession. Each magazine is generously illustrated with a large selection of spreads and covers. A descriptive text based, where possible, on interviews with editors, designers and publishers is also included for each magazine alongside comprehensively researched bibliographic material. The magazines featured cover a range of industries and eras, from advertising (Publimondial, La Pubblicita Italiana), posters (Das Plakat, Affiche) and typography (Typografische Monatsblatter, Typographica), to Art Nouveau (Bradley, His Book), Modernist design (Neue Grafik, ULM) and Post-Modern and contemporary graphics (Emigre, Its Nice That). These 100 journals offer an invaluable resource to historians and students of graphic design, and a rich seam of visual research and inspiration for graphic designers.
The graphic design exercise book : creative briefs to enchance your skills and develop your portfolio
The designer's desktop manual
Layout index : brochure, poster/flyer, web design, advertising, newsletter, page layout, stationery
"A fascinating exploration of this fundamental aspect of graphic design, The Layout Book explains the hows, whys and why-nots of the placing of elements on a page or screen layout. A historical overview of the subject is followed by a systematic look at key theoretical principles and practical applications.Offering a huge array of potential layout options and with over 250 colour illustrations from some of the world's leading design studios, this is a uniquely inspiring guide to graphic design. The second edition has also been updated to include interviews with practising designers, as well as new study points to aid readers in their own explorations.Invaluable for design students looking for a better understanding of layout design, and inspiring for working designers, The Layout Book proves itself as a graphic design must-have"--
Real world Adobe InDesign CS5
The best of newspaper design : 20th edition
InDesign CS6 : for Windows and Macintosh
Choosing and using paper for great graphic design
Adobe Indesign CS/CS2 breakthroughs
Contemporary newspaper design : shaping the news in the digital age : typography & image on modern newsprint
Type & layout : how typography and design can get your message across - or get in the way
Mastering InDesign CS5 : for print design and production
The big book of layouts
With Designing News, Franchi conveys his vision for the future of news and the media industry. Based on personal insight and experience, he offers valuable analysis and perspectives on the fundamental changes that are taking place in the way media is being used. Franchi explores consumer behaviors and expectations that represent the biggest challenges facing traditional publishing houses and broadcasting companies as well as journalists and designers. For Franchi, reporting is not merely filing a story once, but rather telling a continuous narrative in a way that is most relevant for a broad range of traditional and digital media--from breaking news to analysis, from interviews to commentaries, and from photo essays and illustrations to information graphics and interactive visualizations of data. In this book, Franchi explains the ramifications of this development and how newspapers can become credible, comprehensive news brands.
Adobe InDesign CS4 revealed
Publish
Experimental formats.2 : books, brochures, catalogues
"A comprehensive visual guide to laying text, image and object out on a screen or page"--
Exploring Adobe InDesign CS5
Typography & lettering. An introduction to the key elements of good typographic design. Broken into sections covering the fundamentals of typography, it features works by acclaimed typographic designers from across the world. Each section illustrates technical points and encourages readers to try out new ideas of their own.
The intelligent lifestyle magazine : smart editorial design, ideas and journalism
Paper engineering : 3D design techniques for a 2D material
The alternative pick
Newspaper layout and design
Adobe InDesign CS4 : classroom in a book : the official training workbook from Adobe Systems
Design elements : understanding the rules and knowing when to break them
Publication design annual : 49th
Publication design annual : 45th
This unique, go-to guide for designers fully details the essential layout and design skills needed to succeed in this competitive industry. With fun and practical application, it offers valuable insight into strategy and business when working in the real world with real clients, starting with basic information on layout principles before delving more deeply into theory and application on a project-by-project basis. Illustrated with real-world assignments and case studies, this guide offers a behind-the-scenes take on the entire process and steps necessary to go from concept to final outcome, including how to overcome challenges presented along the way.
The art direction book
Special packaging
The layout look book 2
Creative anarchy : how to break the rules of graphic design for creative success
Adobe InDesign CS5 : illustrated
The non-designer's  design book : design and typographic principles for the visual novice
The layout book
Contemporary newspaper design : a structural approach
Editing by design : for designers, art directors, and editors : the classic guide to winning readers
Basic layout design
InDesign 1.0/1.5 : for Macintosh and Windows
Internationales jahrbuch kommunikationsdesign 2001/2002 : International yearbook communication design 2001/2002
Design basics index
Designing books : practice and theory
InDesign CS in easy steps
Microsoft Office Publisher 2007 : step by step
Publication
Adobe® InDesign® styles : how to create better, faster text & layouts : CS4
Dancers of the world
The newspaper designer's handbook
The Copy Book
The modern magazine : visual journalism in the digital era
Graphic design cookbook : mix & match recipes for faster, better layouts
Adobe InDesign : Classroom in a Book
Design and layout : understanding and using graphics
Design secrets: layout : 50 real-life projects uncovered
We make magazines : inside the independents
The production manual
Best practices for graphic designers, grids and page layouts : an essential guideline for understanding and applying page design principles
CSS : the missing manual
All about mags
Electronic workshop: typography
The best of newspaper design
Type and typography
Instant indesign : designing templates for fast and efficient page layout
Graphic idea notebook
British design & art direction annual
Layout as a message
Colors : issues 1-13 : the Tibor Kalman years
Best practices for graphic designers : grids and page layouts : an essential guideline for understanding & applying page design principles
We love magazines
Edit : a guide to layout, design & publication
Magazines have undergone a major upheaval in the last decade as online sources of content have appropriated readership and traditional sources of revenue have dried up. And yet, new magazines continue to appear that challenge the status quo and thrive in todays marketplace. If anything the trend has been towards larger, more premium glossies where art direction is as important as journalism. Grouped into design, life, fashion and photography, they represent some of the leaders in editorial design. Surviving not just in newsstands and airports, but in fashion boutiques and furniture stores, museum shops and galleries, they continue to expand their penetration and enthrall new readers. Featured magazines include Apartamento, Clone, Colors, Creative Review, IdN, Novum, Picnic, Schn, Zink and many more.
A type primer
An international selection of the best in magazine design = ein internationaler Überblick des besten Magazindesigns = un panorama international du design de magazines
Newsletters now : from classic to new wave
Serif Publishing Suite SE
New typographic design
100 classic graphic design journals
What am I?
The A-Z of visual ideas : how to solve any creative brief
Adobe Creative Suite 6 : production premium
Real World Adobe InDesign CS4
The complete idiot's guide to graphic design
The elements of typographic style : version 2.5
Grid systems in graphic design : a visual communication manual for graphic designers, typographers and three dimensional designers = Rastersysteme für die visuelle Gestaltung : ein Handbuch für Grafiker, Typografen und Ausstellungsgestalter
Adobe InDesign CS3 : user guide
Newspaper graphics
Uçabiliyorum, ben neyim? = I can fly, what am I?
The art directors' handbook of professional magazine design : classic techniques and inspirational approaches
Grids : creative solutions for graphic designers
The best of newspaper design : 23rd edition
How to draw manga made easy
Adobe GoLive 4.0 : classroom in a book
Handbook of digital publishing. Vol. 1
Adobe InDesign CS
Mail it!
Design and makeup of the newspaper
