http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7444 typography
typography
The non-designer's design book : design and typographic principles for the visual novice
Tokyo TDC. Vol. 23, The best in international typography & design
Book typography 1815 - 1965 in Europe and the United States of America
Language and typography
Why fonts matter
Iskusstvo šrifta : raboty moskovskih hudožnikov knigi = The lettering art : works by Moscow book designers = L'art du lettrage : oeuvres des artistes moscovites = Schriftkunst : Werke von Moskauer Buchgestaltern : 1959-1974
Graphic design school : the principles and practice of graphic design
Cool type 2wo
Design, form and chaos
Language culture type : international type design in the age of unicode
The production manual
Communication arts : typography annual 3. 54:6
17. Mezinárodní bienále grafického designu Brno 1996 : Ilustrace, typografie a písmo v knihách, casopisech a novinách : Illustration, typography and type in books, magazines and newspapers = International biennial of graphic design Brno 1996
Deco type : stylish alphabets of the '20s & '30s
Designing with type : a basic course in typography
Illustrated encyclopedia of cryptozoology: the creation process
Publication design annual : 48th
Type & layout : how typography and design can get your message across - or get in the way
Typography 10.
Modern encyclopedia of typefaces 1960-90
Letter forms, typographic and scriptorial : two essays on their classification, history and bibliography
Advertising today
Hand-lettering for everyone : a creative workbook
Graphic design & reading : explorations of an uneasy relationship
Web design for iMind
Stop stealing sheep and find out how type works
Typography. 19, The annual of the Type Directors Club
Typography 17 : the annual of the Type Directors Club 42nd exhibition
Tredimensionel typografi = Three-dimensional typography
Berthold types. Vol. 2, H - Z
Der typografische Raster =  : The typographic grid
Typographic design : form and communication
Defining and designing the elements for a company’s visual identity
Typography : basic principles : influences and trends since the 19th century
The best of newspaper design : the 2007 creative competition of the Society for News Design
Web designer's guide to typography
Type Rules! : The Designer's Guide to Professional Typography
Yearbook of Type II / edited by Slanted
Typography & lettering. An introduction to the key elements of good typographic design. Broken into sections covering the fundamentals of typography, it features works by acclaimed typographic designers from across the world. Each section illustrates technical points and encourages readers to try out new ideas of their own.
Publication design annual : 49th
Adobe InDesign CS4 revealed
Art deco display alphabets : 100 complete fonts
Magazines have undergone a major upheaval in the last decade as online sources of content have appropriated readership and traditional sources of revenue have dried up. And yet, new magazines continue to appear that challenge the status quo and thrive in todays marketplace. If anything the trend has been towards larger, more premium glossies where art direction is as important as journalism. Grouped into design, life, fashion and photography, they represent some of the leaders in editorial design. Surviving not just in newsstands and airports, but in fashion boutiques and furniture stores, museum shops and galleries, they continue to expand their penetration and enthrall new readers. Featured magazines include Apartamento, Clone, Colors, Creative Review, IdN, Novum, Picnic, Schn, Zink and many more.
Typography - text accessibility and function through letter design
All about mags
This thesis goes through the process of creating a graphic design of a web page which includes determining all the components and how they can affect the visual outcome. The main task is to create a design plan for a website by creating images with an image editing software with the support of theoretical knowledge, end users’ preferences, and creativity. The aim is to create a modern design considering the responsive functions and the users’ needs. The users’ perspectives, needs, and habits are explored by interviewing companies supplied by the commissioner. The theoretical research contributes technical guidance on making choices in the design of a web page. The designs were made with Adobe Photoshop, which was accessible at the Oulu University of Applied Sciences, as was the recorder used in the interviews. The images in the designs were chosen from the commissioner’s existing website. The colours used in the designs were designated with the help of a colour wheel application. This thesis may be used by the commissioner for their webpage as well as anyone who is working with visual designs and looking for some theoretical explanations. The information covers many aspects of design as a webpage is a whole consisting of many components, such as text, layouts, and various types of graphics.
Shady characters : ampersands, interrobangs and other typographical curiosities
Twentieth century type designers
The non-designer's type book : insights and techniques for creating professional-level type
23. Mezinárodní bienále grafického designu Brno 2008 : Grafický design, ilustrace a písmo v knihách, časopisech, novinách a digitálních médiích : Graphic design, illustration and type in books, magazines, newspapers and digital media = 23rd International biennial of graphic design in Brno 2008
The best of news design. 33 : the 2011 creative competition of the Society for News Design
Faces on the edge : type in the digital age
A blip in the continuum
Brno Echo : ornament a zločin od Adolfa Loose k dnešku : [23. mezinárodní bienále grafického designu Brno 2008 = 23rd International biennial of graphic design Brno 2008 = Brno Echo : ornament and crime from Adolf Loos to now
Thinking in type : the practical philosophy of typography
The typographic arts : Two lectures
U&LC : influencing design & typography
The Fundamentals of typography
Typographers on type : an illustrated anthology from William Morris to the present day
Best practices for graphic designers, grids and page layouts : an essential guideline for understanding and applying page design principles
26 : Agfa postscript quarterly magazine
Graphis typography 1 : the international compilation of the best typographic design
Graphic simplicity
Decorative typography
A view of early typography up to about 1600
30 years of Swiss typographic discourse in the Typografische Monatsblätter
Emigre fonts : type specimens, 1986-2016
The best of newspaper design : thirteenth edition
Typography, Referenced : A Comprehensive Visual Guide to the Language, History, and Practice of Typography
UPDATING THE VISUAL APPEARANCE OF TWO SMALL-TOWN PUBS
A short history of the printed word
An atlas of typeforms
Emotional digital : a sourcebook of contemporary typographics
Nib + ink : the new art of modern calligraphy
Editing by design : for designers, art directors, and editors : the classic guide to winning readers
The typography idea book : inspiration from 50 masters
Illustrated encyclopedia of cryptozoology : the creation process
The best of newspaper design 18
How typography happens
Play with typography, get creative with letterforms and develop your own unique handwriting style with Nib & Ink. This beautiful and immersive guide is full of inspiration, shape and letter templates, modern calligraphy basics, creative prompts and exercises. It also features a handful of simple creative projects - from wedding stationery to birthday cards - complete with plenty of space to practise that will encourage you to discover new, more interesting, more creative, and surprising ways to perk up your correspondence, add a flourish to your stationery and refresh your handwriting.
Winkreative design stories : a global view on branding, design and publishing
Meggs' history of graphic design
Chosen to represent the key elements of form used by the punch cutters, calligraphers and designers of their day, and presented in chronological order by release date, each typeface is discussed in terms of its origins and its impact on the design and print industries, and considerations for screen use.00Versions released in metal type for hand-setting and for the Monotype and Linotype machines, as phototype, and as digital revivals or originals, are covered in detail alongside information about the people responsible for the design and development of each adaptation.00Key glyphs are annotated to indicate features that mark out how typeface design has evolved over the last 500 or so years. Visual comparisons illustrate how typefaces created years ago have influenced contemporary designs.00For the general reader, this book offers a thorough history of the typefaces we have been reading for decades; for typographers and designers, it is a valuable resource that will help to inform their choice of the most appropriate typeface for any project.
Production for the graphic designer
Lettering tips for artists, graphic designers, and calligraphers
Gestaltungsprobleme des Grafikers : gestalterische und erzieherische Probleme in der Werbegrafik - die Ausbildung des Grafikers = The graphic artist and his design problems : creative problems of the graphic designer - design and training in commercial art = Les problèmes d'un artiste graphique : typographie, dessin, photo, labels, couleurs, etc
Precision type font reference guide version 5.0 : the complete font software resource for electronic publishing
The best of newspaper design. 2
Basic typography : a design manual
Playing with Type : 50 Graphic Experiments for Exploring Typographic Design Principles
Typography 28 : the annual of The Type Directors Club
Tokyo TDC. Vol. 24, The best in international typography & design
Communication arts : typography annual 4. 55:6
The use of type : the practice of typography
Logotypes of the world
Applied typography 7 : graphics, packaging, editorial, diagrams, visual identity, display & environment, visual & digital media, typefaces, logotypes, symbols, marks, pictograms, research & investigation
Publication design annual : 45th
Communication arts : typography annual 6. 57:6
Typography : an encyclopedic survey of type design and techniques throughout history
Typographic specimens: the great typefaces
FontFont library : 1005 typographic, geometric, amorphous, ironic, historic, intelligent, handwritten, destructive fonts & pi + symbols
We all constantly interact with type in almost every aspect of our lives. But how do fonts affect what we read and influence the choices we make? This book opens up the science and the art behind how fonts influence you. It explains why certain fonts or styles evoke particular experiences and associations.
Berthold fototypes : body types : edition 2 : Vol. I : Synopsis, Katalog: Layouts
Typographie : ein Gestaltungslehrbuch = Typography : a manual of design = Typographie : un manuel de création
Treasury of authentic art nouveau alphabets, decorative initials, monograms, frames & ornaments
Typographics 4 : analysis + imagination = communication
Just my type : a book about fonts
The evolution of type : a graphic guide to 100 landmark typefaces
DESIGNER'S GUIDE TO TYPOGRAPHY
MAC-graphics : a designer's visual guide to graphics for the Apple Macintosh..
Abstract: Visually recognisable lettering – Burned Serif typeface for the restaurant Soma. The subject of this Thesis is a creation of unique typefaces. The basics of letter formation and readability are covered in theory and how to follow those basics to get the best result. As a method, comparing the versions of the two most common typefaces provided a good background for the Thesis.  The customer's assignment was used as an example, which was to design a company profile to a restaurant/wine bar. The assignment was to design basic elements, such as the logo, web pages and a gift card plus something that the company would be recognized by. For this purpose it was required to create a unique, individual typeface for the company. A specific analysis accounts for the designed typeface with the goal of readability and maintaining a coherent line.  The requirement of readability is the same be it designing a typeface for print or web use. To this day basically grotesque typefaces have been used for the web, but the Author suggests that because of the always developing resolution of screens and pads, more antique typefaces will become more and more commonly used in the web world.
Detail in typography : letters, letter-spacing, words, word-spacing, lines, line-spacing, columns
Methodik der Form- und Bildgestaltung : Aufbau, Synthese,Anwendung = Manuel de création graphique: forme, synthèse, application = Graphic design manual: principles and practice
Typography on the personal computer
Communication arts : typography annual 7. 58:6
Art Nouveau & early Art Deco : type & design from the Roman Scherer Catalogue
Typography 36 : the annual of the Type Directors Club
The best of news design. 35
The solotype catalog of 4,147 display typefaces
Typologia : studies in type design & type making : with comments on the invention of typography : the first types legibility and fine printing
The Thames and Hudson manual of typography
Berthold types. Vol. 1, A - G
Transforming type : new directions in kinetic typography
Made with FontFont : type for independent minds
[Sort på hvidt] : en udviklingsrapport om typografi og læselighed = [In black & white] : an r&d report on typography and legibility
Book typography 1815-1965 in Europe and the United States of America
Typhographers on type : an illustrated anthology from William Morris to the present day
Type : the best in digital classic text fonts
A Typographic Workbook : a Primer to History, Techniques and Artistry
Typography 9.
Practical picture research : a guide to current practice, procedure, techniques, and resources
For years, the signs in the New York City subway system were a bewildering hodge-podge of lettering styles, sizes, shapes, materials, colors, and messages. The original mosaics (dating from as early as 1904), displaying a variety of serif and sans serif letters and decorative elements, were supplemented by signs in terracotta and cut stone. Over the years, enamel signs identifying stations and warning riders not to spit, smoke, or cross the tracks were added to the mix. Efforts to untangle this visual mess began in the mid-1960s, when the city transit authority hired the design firm Unimark International to create a clear and consistent sign system. We can see the results today in the white-on-black signs throughout the subway system, displaying station names, directions, and instructions in crisp Helvetica. This book tells the story of how typographic order triumphed over chaos. The process didn't go smoothly or quickly. At one point New York Times architecture writer Paul Goldberger declared that the signs were so confusing one almost wished that they weren't there at all. Legend has it that Helvetica came in and vanquished the competition. Paul Shaw shows that it didn't happen that way--that, in fact, for various reasons (expense, the limitations of the transit authority sign shop), the typeface overhaul of the 1960s began not with Helvetica but with its forebear, Standard (AKA Akzidenz Grotesk). It wasn't until the 1980s and 1990s that Helvetica became ubiquitous. Shaw describes the slow typographic changeover (supplementing his text with more than 250 images--photographs, sketches, type samples, and documents). He places this signage evolution in the context of the history of the New York City subway system, of 1960s transportation signage, of Unimark International, and of Helvetica itself
Typographics 3 : globalvision
Typographics 2 : cybertype
The graphic design exercise book : creative briefs to enchance your skills and develop your portfolio
Pro JavaScript RIA techniques : best practices, performance, and presentation
Design alliance : uniting print + Web design to create a total brand presence
Web Design for iMind
Lets talk type : an essential lexicon of type terms
Indiefonts. 3 : a compendium of digital type from independent foundries
Communication arts : typography annual 2. 53:6
Fine print on type : the best of Fine print magazine on type and typography
Summary.
Typemotion : type as image in motion
Overlap : web & typography
Tokyo TDC. Vol. 20, The best in international typography & design
Common interest : documents : design and format solutions for the arts, culture, academia and charities
The intelligent lifestyle magazine : smart editorial design, ideas and journalism
I love Helvetica
Alan Kitching's A-z of letterpress : founts from the typography workshop
International yearbook communication design 2016/2017 : Vol 1
Typography 22 : the annual of the type directors club forty-seventh exhibition
Helvetica and the New York City subway system : the true (maybe) story
Tokyo TDC. Vol. 25, The best in international typography & design
Graphis typography 2 : an international selection of the best in typographic design
The complete typographer : a foundation course for graphic designers working with type
Adobe Type Library : reference book = Adobe Schriftenbibliothek : Referenzhandbuch = Typothèque Adobe = guide de référence de la
Berthold Fototypes. Vol. 1, Body types : synopsis, katalog, layouts : (577 type faces)
Typografische Grundlagen : Handbuch für Technik und Gestaltung = Bases typographiques : manuel pour technique et conception = Basic typography : handbook of technique and design
Paint your own illuminated letters
Grid systems in graphic design : a visual communication manual for graphic designers, typograhers and three dimensional designers = Rastersysteme für die visuelle Gestaltung : ein Handbuch für Grafiker, Typografen und Ausstellungsgestalter
Typography : formation + transformation
Type and typographers
Extreme fonts : digital faces of the future
Typewriter art : a modern anthology
Pioneers of modern typography
Type rules: the designer's guide to professional typography
Communication arts : typography annual 5. 56:6
Type design : radical innovations and experimentation
The newspaper designer's handbook
