http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7443 graphic design
graphic design
Best practices for graphic designers, grids and page layouts : an essential guideline for understanding and applying page design principles
Playing with Type : 50 Graphic Experiments for Exploring Typographic Design Principles
Communication arts : illustration annual. 52.
The creative stroke 2 : communicating with brush and pen in graphic design
Logo Creed : the mystery, magic and method behind designing logos
The MIT guide to teaching web site design
Typography on the personal computer
Communication arts : design annual 2008.. 50:6
Diverse directions : discourse on inclusive graphic design with possible practical solutions for designers
Design, form and chaos
OpenSR: an open-source stimulus-response testing framework
Graphic Design Business : Essentials to Focus Upon When Starting a One-Person Graphic Design Business
The black and white book
Communicating design : essays in visual communication
Signet Signal Symbol : Handbuch internationaler Zeichen = emblème signal symbole : répertoire de signes internationaux = signet signal symbol : handbook of international signs
Designing with type : a basic course in typography
Creating brochures and booklets
Designing creative portfolios
Designing & planning environmental graphics
Designing direct mails that sells
Communication arts : illustration annual. 56.
Solid gold : 40 years of award-winning magazine design from the Society of Publication Designers
Tapahtuman visuaalinen ilme : Case: KouVogue - Fashion in Concert
Shooting back : reflection on Haitian roots
Graphics for kids
Communication arts : illustration annual. 57.
Visual Identity, Stylization and Game Design. Case: Harald Hirmuinen
Recycling & Redesigning Logos : A Designer's Guide to Refreshing & Rethinking Design
Communication arts : design annual 2014. 56:4
The European design annual 4.
Alan Kitching's A-z of letterpress : founts from the typography workshop
New design : Tokyo
Foundation Flash CS5 for designers
Becoming designers : education & influence
UPDATING THE VISUAL APPEARANCE OF TWO SMALL-TOWN PUBS
Color inspirations : more than 3,000 innovative palettes from the COLOURlovers.com community
Looking closer 2 : critical writings on graphic design
The Tokyo type directors club annual 2002
Fresh ideas in invitations posters and announcements
Playing with Color : 50 Graphic Experiments for Exploring Color Design Principles
Book t-shirts and logos : autumn winter 1993.4
User interface design by applying theories of aesthetics
The Best magazine design : photography, illustration, infographics & digital
Communication arts : design annual 2015. 57:4
Web Design for iMind
Noise 3.5 : analytical experiments in graphic science
Idea index
Typography, Referenced : A Comprehensive Visual Guide to the Language, History, and Practice of Typography
Shaping voices : talling and thinking about graphic design ; a shapeshifters anthology
Put things in order
Becoming a graphic designer : a guide to careers in design
Down under
Communication arts : design annual 2016. 58:4
The red book
Adobe® Creative Suite® 5 design premium all in one
Designing web usability : [the practice of simplicity]
Visual design as an aspect of an online store's usability : case: Radio86 Store
How to validate design : validating design using target group interview
Information Graphics : innovative solutions in contemporary design
Communication arts : design annual 2010. 51:4
Norm : the things
Breaking the rules in graphic design
Graphic design: inspirations and innovations
Meggs' history of graphic design
Serialize : family faces and variety in graphic design
Distinctive design : a practical guide to a useful, beautiful web
A history of graphic design for rainy days : 1776-1994
Communication arts : design annual 2012. 54:4
Design for children : the future of chinese garbage classification
Why not associates ?2
A Typographic Workbook : a Primer to History, Techniques and Artistry
The graphic artist's handbook
Mind grenades : I dont́ know about yow
RMX extended play
The pastels book
Visual expedition to the identity of record label: paradise lost recordings
American illustration. 22.
Picturing Future Events : Building a Visual Identity for a New Music Festival
Communication arts : illustration annual. 54.
Communication arts : illustration annual. 53.
Illustration for professional communicators
Communication arts : design annual 2011. 53:4
36th publication design annual
Graphic design : the new basics
Random sampling as a method of cultural production
Graphic design USA : the annual of the American Institute of Graphic Arts
An introduction to graphic design
A Study in Visual Communication - Case Functional Home at the Senior Generation Exhibition in St. Petersburg
The ... publication design annual
Possibilities of comics as innovation tools
HTML, XHTML & CSS All-in-one for dummies
Graphic design school : the principles and practice of graphic design
Adobe creative suite 6 design and Web premium digital classroom
The publication design annual
"Features interviews with game developers and discussion of the creative process behind video game development. Includes full-color artwork and concept art from 40 video games"
Best magazine design : 29th SPD publication design annual
The designer's handbook
DESIGNER'S GUIDE TO TYPOGRAPHY
Type Rules! : The Designer's Guide to Professional Typography
The origins of graphic design in America, 1870-1920
Communication arts : illustration annual. 55.
Digital Design Essentials : 100 Ways to Design Better Desktop, Web, and Mobile Interfaces
Design annual 2000 : the international annual of design and illustration
White space is not your enemy : a beginner's guide to communicating visually through graphic, web & multimedia design
Graphic design : index I
Modern display alphabets : 100 complete fonts
Copywriting : successful writing for design, advertising and marketing
Dutch graphic design
Design literacy : understanding graphic design
Best magazine design : 28th SPD publication design annual
Device : "art commercial"
Adobe® Creative Suite® 5 bible
Modes of criticism : critique of method. 2
This thesis goes through the process of creating a graphic design of a web page which includes determining all the components and how they can affect the visual outcome. The main task is to create a design plan for a website by creating images with an image editing software with the support of theoretical knowledge, end users’ preferences, and creativity. The aim is to create a modern design considering the responsive functions and the users’ needs. The users’ perspectives, needs, and habits are explored by interviewing companies supplied by the commissioner. The theoretical research contributes technical guidance on making choices in the design of a web page. The designs were made with Adobe Photoshop, which was accessible at the Oulu University of Applied Sciences, as was the recorder used in the interviews. The images in the designs were chosen from the commissioner’s existing website. The colours used in the designs were designated with the help of a colour wheel application. This thesis may be used by the commissioner for their webpage as well as anyone who is working with visual designs and looking for some theoretical explanations. The information covers many aspects of design as a webpage is a whole consisting of many components, such as text, layouts, and various types of graphics.
Design elements : using images to create graphic impact : a graphic style manual for effective image solutions in graphic design
Visual impact : communicating through graphic design
Neon : new fluorescent graphics
Restart : new systems in graphic design
A Bunch of Bears and Some Girl : A Character Poster Series Based on the Present Day
Graphic design business : entrepreneur's step-by-step startup guide
The elements of Japanese design : a handbook of family crests, heraldry & symbolism
Type. Joyce Rutter Kaye
Type design : radical innovations and experimentation
New design Berlin : the edge of graphic design
Typographic design : form and communication
SPD 40th publication design annual
Manual of graphic techniques 1 for architects, graphic designers, & artists
Web design for iMind
Communication arts : design annual 2000.. 42:6
Communication arts : design annual 2013. 55:4
Translation of international logos
Graphis diagrams : the graphic visualization of abstract data = Die graphische Visualisierung abstrakter Gegebenheiten = La visualisation graphique de données abstraites
The blue book
Facts of life
Fotografiks : an equilibrium between photography and design through graphic expression that evolves from content
Between aesthetics and information : visual journalism and design
Game art : art from 40 video games and interviews with their creators
Direct design response : the best
The best in Finnish graphic design
The European design annual 5.
White Space Is Not Your Enemy : A Beginner's Guide to Communicating Visually Through Graphic, Web & Multimedia Design
Book cover collection
Why not
Type one : discipline and progress in typography
Stimulus-response (S-R) tests provide a unique way to acquire information about human perception by capturing automatic responses to stimuli and attentional processes. This paper presents OpenSR, a user-centered S-R testing framework providing a graphical user interface that can be used by researchers to customize, administer, and manage one type of S-R test, the implicit association test. OpenSR provides an extensible open-source Web-based framework that is platform independent and can be implemented on most computers using any operating system. In addition, it provides capabilities for automatically generating and assigning participant identifications, assigning participants to different condition groups, tracking responses, and facilitating collecting and exporting of data. The Web technologies and languages used in creating the OpenSR framework are discussed, namely, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Twitter Bootstrap, Python, and Django. OpenSR is available for free download..
G1 : new dimensions in graphic design
HOW TO DRAW COMICS THE MARVEL WAY
The best of brochure design 3. 3
