http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7458 incentives
incentives
Evaluating and rewarding the quality of teachers : international practices
Motivating employees for better performance at Mph Trading Oy
Rewards for motivating employees : comparative cases: Vantaa City Authority and Hertfordshire County Authority
Should Finland introduce an R&D tax credit? : reflections based on experience with Norwegian R&D policy
Innovation and incentives
Organization and development of Russian business : a firm-level analysis
Engaging the electorate : initiatives to promote voter turnout from around the world : including voter turnout data from national elections worldwide 1945-2006
How to recognize & reward employees : 150 ways to inspire peak performance
Managing human resources
Performance criteria and incentive systems
People resourcing : contemporary HRM in practice
Rewarding excellence : pay strategies for the new economy
Strings attached : untangling the ethics of incentives
State aid, subsidy and tax incentives under EU and WTO law
Incentives for fuelwood growing by tobacco farmers in Tanzania
The tax treatment of share-based incentive schemes
Essays on executive equity-based compensation and equity ownership
Managerial economics and organizational architecture
Tax and other incentives for start-ups in some European countries
The relationship of organizational culture, employee motivation and innovativeness : evidence from Finnish technology industries
Performance-related : pay and gender wage differences
Managing for sales results : a fast-action guide to finding, coaching, and leading salespeople
Human resource management at hote "Tourist", Moscow
Practices of executive compensation : the case of economic recession
Differences in wages and redistribution as migration incentives
Employee Motivation at IKEA Espoo
The enthusiastic employee : how companies profit by giving workers what they want
Identification of key factors in the motivation of employees of Amalgamted Bank Ltd
Our research explored the use of social media among crisis and emergency management organizations and we present the main incentives and barriers experts perceive in social media adoption by such organizations. The data were gathered via an international online questionnaire sent to crisis communication and management experts. The results indicate that crisis and emergency management organizations use social media specifically to disseminate information to citizens but also increasingly to receive it from citizens. They are motivated to use social media because of the possibility for communicating through them directly, rapidly, and widely, as well as for building responsible relationships and situational awareness. Lack of knowledge, time, and role models for implementation, as well as inflexible and old-fashioned organizational culture, were the main barriers mentioned for not utilizing social media. Based on the results, further effort should be put into promoting the dissemination of knowledge, best practices, and experiences of using social media across the various actors and organizations providing crisis response.
Reward and benefit programs have been a topic in the hospitality industry for many, many years. However, in most cases, the topic has been dealt with from perspective hotel guest/- client. This thesis will concern itself with benefit and reward programs from the point of view of employees and employers. It will begin with a general overview and gradually go on to focus on the hospitality sector. The objectives of this research were to give an outlook of the current situation in the hospitality industry in the field of monetary rewards. Additional aims are contrasting the hospitality sector with a different industry and, introducing new ideas from other industries into the hospitality branch. Another long-term goal was to promote the practical application of some of the ideas and recommendations by hotels. The final and most important aim of this report was to demonstrate both the importance of these programs, especially in the hospitality sector and the results for both parties.     The research for this thesis was undertaken by the means of three methods:    Firstly, a literature review was undertaken. It was used to clarify the definitions of reward management and employee benefits. Furthermore, to demonstrate and give a deeper understanding of the different types of monetary rewards systems. It shed light on the different goals of monetary reward management and the pro and contra points of the different methods. Other aspects that were explored the variety of perspectives from which different individuals and companies viewed situations, as well as the impact these programs had on companies and employees.      Secondly, an investigation of the current situation - in mainly five star hotels confronted theory with real life situations - and revealed the impact of these programs on both sides. To this end, several HR directors were interviewed by means of a questionnaire.   Thirdly, a survey questioning HR directors about their reward and benefit programs showed the importance and necessity of these programs. The interviews as well as the questionnaires showed that many hotels have already started to implement monetary reward management into their benefit programs; however there is still much room for improvement and recommendations from other industries.
Compensation and benefit design : applying finance and accounting principles to global human resource management systems
Insight into company : delegation? centralization?
The productivity effects of stock option schemes : evidence from Finnish panel data
Expert views on current and future use of social media among crisis and emergency management organizations : Incentives and barriers
Institutional incentives and sustainable development : infrastructure policies in perspective
Rewarding employees in professional services organizations
Essays on labour market structure and policies
Handbook of incentive measures for biodiversity : design and implementation
Working beyond 60 : key policies and practices in Europe
Armstrong's handbook of reward management practice : improving performance through reward
A guide to non-cash reward
Workers and incentives
Strategic reward : making it happen
Reseller support and effective communication as performance enhancers in international marketing channels
Human capital and incentives in the creation of inventions : a study of Finnish inventors
The effects of participatory budgeting, budget control, budget-based goals and incentives on employees' work motivation : a case study
Cases in reward management
Motivating factors and incentives in the branches of Bank X in Southern Finland
Essays on stock option schemes and CEO compensation
Motivating employees effectively by using non-monetary incentives : case Osuuspankki Valkeakoski
Rewarding and encouraging at Peterson Packaging Oy
The essential sales management handbook : your secret weapon to success
Redeeming REDD : policies, incentives, and social feasibility in avoided deforestation
Money and motivation : an analysis of incentives in industry
The making of scientific management. Volume 3, The Hawthorne investigations
Social entrepreneurship business models : incentive strategies to catalyze public goods provision
Forest owners' acceptance of incentive based policy instruments in forest biodiversity conservation : a choice experiment based approach
Working hours and the family : working preferences/economic incentives/childcare and divorce/retirement and time-use = Arbejdstid og familien : arbejdstidsønsker/arbejdstid og skat/børn og skilsmisse/pensionering og samvær
Promoting green buildings through structural incentives in the Finnish land use and planning system
Essays in the economics of knowledge
Innovation incentives and the design of value networks
Essays on individual wage differences and firm wage policies
EU state aid regulation & incentives for forest biodiversity conservation : study of the constraints
Incentives for development : the key to equity
The EC context for private forestry incentive evaluation
Effects of equalization tax on multinational investments and transfer pricing
Incentives can be found everywhere - in schools, businesses, factories, and government - influencing people's choices about almost everything, from financial decisions and tobacco use to exercise and child rearing. So long as people have a choice, incentives seem innocuous. But "Strings Attached" demonstrates that when incentives are viewed as a kind of power rather than as a form of exchange, many ethical questions arise: How do incentives affect character and institutional culture? Can incentives be manipulative or exploitative, even if people are free to refuse them? And what are the responsibilities of the powerful in using incentives? Ruth Grant shows that, like all other forms of power, incentives can be subject to abuse, and she identifies their legitimate and illegitimate uses. Grant offers a history of the growth of incentives in early twentieth-century America, identifies standards for judging incentives, and examines incentives in four areas - plea bargaining, recruiting medical research subjects, International Monetary Fund loan conditions, and motivating students. In every case, the analysis of incentives in terms of power yields strikingly different and more complex judgments than an analysis that views incentives as trades, in which the desired behavior is freely exchanged for the incentives offered. Challenging the role and function of incentives in a democracy, "Strings Attached" questions whether the penchant for constant incentivizing undermines active, autonomous citizenship. Readers of this book are sure to view the ethics of incentives in a new light.
Management accountants' business orientation and involvement in incentive compensation : empirical results from a cross-sectional survey
Financial incentives and job-search training : methods to increase labour market integration in contemporary welfare states?
Payments for environmental services, forest conservation and climate change : livelihoods in the REDD?
Evidence-based reward management : creating measurable business impact from your pay and reward practices
Well-researched and practical top level guidance on how to formulate the best strategy for incentives and recognition and how to implement such programmes effectively in both large and small organizations.
The culture of compensation : hypotheses on CEO compensation in Finland based on Hofstede's cultural dimensions
Improving operational efficiency in plastics production through professional action planning practice and incentive system
Managing motivation of people in fair trade -organizations
Environmental Incentives for Nordic SMEs
The objective of this thesis was to research the motivation of people involved in promoting Fair Trade in Austria through an Fair Trade Organization (FTO). Once this was achieved, suggestions for an optimal organizational incentive and reward system which keeps up people's enthusiasm, their willingness to engage in and - in the end - their performance could be made. The study was structured on the following questions: What kind of people engage in FTOs, which incentives are used in FTOs, what are the motivators for people working in FTOs and how should incentive systems in FTOs look like?    The introduction presents the current players in Austria's Fair Trade System - ARGE Welt-läden, EZA Fairer Handel GmbH and FAIRTRADE Austria and which role they presently take up. The theoretical framework was based on literate review of the most influential and recognized motivation theories, which attempt to explain peoples' behavior and thus built the fundament for designing measures to manage employees' effort. These measures cover incentives, rewards, organizational structures and more, which are described in the second part of the literature review.    The study was conducted in the form of an online questionnaire, which was distributed via the three presented organizations to their personnel and volunteers. The link to the questionnaire was online from the 28th of February until the 15th of March where 108 people responded. The analytical approach was quantitative with a minor qualitative part.
"Reward Management is a practical guide to understanding and implementing really effective reward strategies in your organization. Tailored to the needs of practitioners it uses a combination of practical tools, scenarios and case studies to cover areas including pay grades and structure, job evaluation, pay reviews, bonus plans, non-cash reward, benefits, tax issues and much more. Aligning reward with the strategic objectives of the organization it will equip you with the skills you need to plan, implement and assess a reward strategy in any type of organization"--
Too much is not enough : incentives in executive compensation
Refocusing regulatory exclusivities : regulatory data protection and marketing exclusivity as forms of pharmaceutical innovation policy
Overview of R&D tax incentives
Business cycle, unemployment trap and effects of economic incentives on job finding probability
The effect of share price development on key employee forfeiture rate
Reward management : alternatives, consequences and contexts
Essays on stock options, incentives and managerial action
Sickness, disability and work : breaking the barriers : a synthesis of findings across OECD countries
Changing roles of management accountants have been intensively discussed in business practice and academic research. The objective of this empirical study is to gain a deeper understanding of management accountants' business orientation and extended tasks. Based on data collected from the top 1,500 companies in Germany, results reveal that especially subjective norms have a strong impact on the practice of management accountants acting business-oriented. Furthermore, the results reinforce the frequently postulated positive effect of management accountants' business orientation. The analyses also show positive associations between the involvement of management accountants in incentive compensation, the effort effects of incentive schemes, and firm performance.
The reward management toolkit : a step-by-step guide to designing and delivering pay and benefits
Reward and incentive schemes
Performance measurement and incentive systems in purchasing : more than just savings
The definitive guide for practitioners involved in developing and managing reward and recognition strategies, policies and processes, and for students of employee reward.
Motivate and reward : performance appraisal and incentive systems for business success
Abstract (s. 3).
The importance of reward systems in the hotel industry for both side's employees and employers in Germany
People resourcing and talent planning : HRM in practice
Immaterial and material rewarding in motivating employees : observations in a public agency
A handbook of employee reward management and practice
Summary and policy recommendations (s. 11-35).
Industry development  tools in Finnish and Latvian forest industries
Strategic reward and recognition : improving employee performance through non-monetary incentives
Equity based incentive programs and their use in the Finnish market
Recruitment problems, labour supply and workers' mobility
The perils of altering incentive plans : a case study
Drivers, challenges and support needs of a start-up company
Voluntary pension savings and tax incentives : evidence from Finland
Essays on incentives and leadership
Armstrong's handbook of reward management practice : an evidence-based guide to improving performance through reward
The reward plan advantage : a manager's guide to improving business performance through people
Improving the Follow-up of Incentives in Partner programs
The principal agent model : the economic theory of incentives
Incentives and substitute personal activities
Sickness, disability and work : breaking the barriers. Vol. 2, Australia, Luxembourg, Spain and the United Kingdom
Essays on political corporate governance and governance reforms : consequences from sociological perspectives
Showing how incentives and institutional arrangements can help or hinder efforts, this work provides criteria for evaluating individual and institutional performance in centralized, decentralized and polycentric institutional contexts. It uses case studies from a variety of projects.
Compensation : theory, evidence, and strategic implications
Abstract (1 s.).
Social security incentives, human capital investment and mobility of labor
Essays on the decision-making in representative democracy
How the size of an acquisition transaction affects executive compensation : the central role of monitoring in aligning the interests of shareholders and executives
The Social Insurance Institution of Finland : experiences with a performance bonus experiment in 2006
Cost of capital for crossborder investment : the fallacy of Estonia as a tax haven
Case study : the impact of financial and non-financial rewards on employee motivation
Using tax incentives to conserve and enhance biodiversity in Europe = Les incitations fiscales et la protection de la biodiversité en Europe
