http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7457 defensive forces
defensive forces
Pennalism and initiation in Finnish military life
Inside the Soviet Army
The challenge of military reform in postcommunist Europe : building professional armed forces
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Our Armed Forces are firmly linked to the people, to the revolutionary state, and to their vanguard party
The nemesis of power : the German army in politics 1918-1945
Conduct unbecoming : lesbians and gays in the U.S. military Vietnam to the Persian Gulf
Army and state in postcommunist Europe
The Soviet air and strategic rocket forces, 1939-1980 : a guide to sources in English
Suoja-alueet Suomen rannikolla = Skyddsområden vid finska kusten = Restricted areas on the Finnish coast. [Merivoimat]
China's national defense
Applying the Finnish Defence Force Architecture Frame to the field fitness and physical ability part of the personnel, training and research target architecture
Air defence in Northern Europe
The Losers. [Book one]. Volumes one & two
Facts about the Finnish defence forces. 1999-2000
Summary: Creating an educational and training culture at the Finnish Defence Forces.
The role of air power in a nation's total capability and in international society
Rapid reaction forces : fast, hard-hitting and élite
The armed forces of the USSR
The role of the Chinese army
Israel defence forces : the six day war 5.6.67...10.6.67
The quest for a European strategic culture : changing norms on security and defence in the European Union
This thesis was part of a development program coordinated by the Finnish Defense Forces. This program includes several development projects for military communication systems.    The purpose of this thesis was to examine precise oscillators for ensuring the synchronization of communication systems. General oscillator techniques and theory were studied. This thesis deals with the oscillator technologies and the implementation of precise oscillator prototype.    The main design targets of the oscillator unit were high accuracy, compatibility with a tactical router, small size and usability. The oscillator unit can be used with a tactical router or as a stand-alone precise clock source. The prototype of an oscillator unit was planned, developed and tested in this project.    The oscillator unit includes a GPS synchronized precise atomic clock, a microcontroller, control logic and interface circuits. The oscillator unit has also interfaces for oscillator control and testing.    The chip scale atomic clock is a precise timing source. GPS system is the main timing source of the router. The oscillator acts as a secondary timing source of the tactical router. Further development ideas were presented in order to increase the performance of the oscillator unit. Key words: tactical router, oscillator, synchronization, timing.
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
Military and politics in Israel : nation-building and role expansion
Russia and postmodern deterrence : military power and its challenges for security
Force without war : U.S. armed forces as a political instrument
Green security or militarized environment
Zhongguo zhengfu baipishu. (2) / (2) / Compiled by Information Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China
National Defence College
Politics in the armed forces : a contemporary problem in historical perspective
The military specialist : skilled manpower for the armed forces
Modern military matters : studying and managing the twentieth-century defence heritage in Britain : a discussion document
Russia's security political prospects
The Finnish Defence Forces (FDF) has chosen Enterprise Architectures (EA) as a methodology for describing and managing IT administration architectures and as a supporting tool for strategic decision making. Enterprise Architectures are used to describe how the systems, processes, personnel and units of the organization act as a part of a whole. This master's thesis deals with applying the Finnish Defence Forces Architecture Frame in practice. Architecture descriptions produced with the help of architecture frame are focused to the area of human capital management. Area of interest is the field fitness and the physical ability processes and the data that will be managed with the Finnish Defence Forces enterprise resource planning system (PVSAP). This system is now being developed. The main target of my work was to produce supportive architecture descriptions for the developers of the system. The most significant tools and methods of this work have been the Finnish Defence Forces Architecture Framework and the NATO Architecture Framework. This thesis has been carried out by studying the enterprise architectures methodology and applying enterprise architecture frameworks to define and create desired architecture descriptions. The result of this thesis is a collection of ten architecture descriptions that were defined to be the fundamental architecture views for the SAP developers. Although these descriptions only concern a limited part of the whole target architecture, these might be useful for the target architects responsible for maintaining it. The overview of enterprise architectures and architecture frameworks in this document should not be underestimated either.
Reorganisation of the Russian armed forces (2005-2015)
The armed forces of the United Arab Emirates : roll of honour
National Security Interests in EU Defence Procurement : The Status of the Article 346 TFEU Exemtions in the New Internal Defence Market
Third-world military expenditure and arms production
The Soviet high command : a military-political history 1918-1941
Facts about the Finnish Defence Forces
Above and beyond : from Soviet general to Ukrainian state builder
The military establishment of the Yuan dynasty
The military in the political development of new nations : an essay in comparative analysis
Military leadership : critical constructivist approach to conceptualizing, modelling and measuring military leadership in the Finnish Defence Forces
Armies in homeland security : American and European perspectives
Facts about the Finnish defence forces. 2002-2003
The political economy of arms reduction : reversing economic decay
Military radar defence lines of northern North America: an historical geography
Status of military forces under current international law
Dreamcatcher
Strategic leadership requires a shared framework
The Pacific- Tyynenmeren taistelutoverit (BD)
Developing security training and education in the Finnish defence forces : a military-pedagogical approach into open and distance learning
Fidelity and honour : the Indian Army from the seventeenth to the twenty-first century
The junior officers of the Roman army in the republican period : a study on social structure
Russian power structures : present and future roles in Russian politics
Reduction of military budgets : refinement of international reporting and comparison of military expenditures
The Visual dictionary of special military forces
The international military collectors guide
Using a precise clock oscillator for ensuring timing of telecommunication network
Red air : politics in Russian air power
How Russia makes a war : Soviet military doctrine
Strategic management in a military organization : analyzing the management of change in Finnish Defence Forces
Defence expenditure, industrial conversion and local employment
Making new ambitions work : the transformation of Norwegian Special Operations Forces
ILR handbook on oral interview testing : field test version
Reputation : one part of social (media) cohesion also in a military organization
The V. C. and D. S. O. : a complete record of all those officers, non-commissioned officers and men of His Majesty's naval, military and air forces who have been awarded these decorations from the time of their institution, with descriptions of the deeds and services which won the distinctions and with many biographical and other details. Vol. 1, The Victoria Cross 1856-1920
Developing cultural competence in training of Finnish Rapid Deployment Forces' conscripts
Women in the military
The role, status, and treatment of women is one of the major issues confronting the military today. This volume provides a range of perspectives on the magnitude of concerns, the sources of problems, how issues might best be addressed, and the future for women in the armed services. It is based on a special issue of the journal Gender Issues, supplemented with additional contributions from leading scholars. Historical and theoretical perspectives are provided by Lorry M. Fenner and Jean Bethke Elshtain. Fenner focuses on the role of women in the military since 1940, and argues for broader inclusion of women as well as other groups that have previously been restricted from full participation. Elshtain analyzes the extraordinary ability of war to draw both women and men into civic life, and observes how it calls forth and establishes a sense of particular identity for both men and women. Critical views are provided by other scholars. Laura L. Miller examines the feminist movement's insistence on full participation in combat units. Former Army chaplain Marie deYoung provides qualitative and quantitative data on military readiness and unit cohesion in mixed gender units. Leading military scholars (Mady W. Segal, David R. Segal, Jerald G. Bachman, Peter Freedman-Doan, and Patrick M. O'Malley) review national surveys comparing male and female high school seniors' responses to surveys conducted on questions about their propensity to enlist. Male-female differences are also addressed by Judith Hicks Steihm, who looks at the opinions each group has about the capabilities and performance of women. She finds differences by rank on questions as to how hard female soldiers work as compared to male soldiers and whether women are ready for combat duty. Historically, the military has provided minorities equal opportunity. Brenda L. Moore and Schulyler C. Webb examine whether or not this is still perceived to be the case in today's Navy. They focus on different perceptions by women and men, and by African American women in particular. Finally, William O'Neill examines whether the post-cold war downsized military will find women soldiers more or less important. Drawing upon social science research, historical data, and contemporary opinion surveys, Women in the Military is a cutting-edge assessment of a major gender issue in the United States. It will be valuable to researchers in women's studies, as well as those teaching courses in sociology, history, and military studies.
Swear like a trooper : a dictionary of military terms and phrases
The foundations of defensive defence
Anglo-russkij slovar' po protivoraketnoj i protivokosmičeskoj oborone : okolo 25 000 terminov = English-Russian dictionary of antimissille & antisatellite defense : about 25 000 terms
Russian grenadiers and infantry 1799-1815
The Soviet military system
Institutional translation in the Finnish Defence Forces
Project plan for acquiring Foreign Military Sales (FMS) freight forwarding and transportation services from the United States
Women soldiers : images and realities
The Vietnam people's army under dôi mói
Non-offensive defence : a criteria model of military credibility : documentation
Abstract: The direction of change: analyzing the major challenges of strategic management inside the Finnish national defense administration.
Preliminary assessment for replacing the capabilities of the Hornet fleet : final report
The generals
Management accounting and management by results : a case study of Defence Forces' units
Democratizing communist militaries : the cases of the Czech and Russian armed forces
An analysis of military disability compensation
Evolution of the Finnish military doctrine 1945-1985 : documentation
Sotahistoriallinen aikakauskirja = Journal of military history. 19
The Soviet army
Finnish army AD 2020.
Cold War : building for nuclear confrontation, 1946-1989
Citizenship rites : feminist soldiers and feminist antimilitarists
War and competition between states
Finnish Defence Forces is keeping its capabilities up-to-date by procuring material and services through its Logistics Command. This thesis describes a fictional classified aircraft weapon system procurement project which will be used as an example case. Using fictional project gives the writer a freedom to choose and combine most interesting and relative parts of real life projects to this case study and at the same time keeping it public and releasable. There are many methods for government-to-government procurements. But when purchase is capability driven and there is only one option to choose from based on capability requirements, it narrows the scope dramatically. In this case the subject of the procurement is classified aircraft weapon system manufactured in United States of America. Because of the nature of procurement customer has to, instead of choosing the purchase method, to follow the option that seller offers, the foreign military sales process. Foreign military sales is process where United States government sells military products or services to friendly nations. During this study, concepts of lifecycle and material capability were covered and foreign military sales as a process unwrapped. Foreign military sales process special features and effects of those to material capability building process were identified. Based on those, recommendations to improve interlacing Finnish and American processes were done.
About the Brigade : translating material for the finnish defence forces
Open letter to a new Dutch government : the armed forces at risk
Recognizing and understanding revolutionary change in warfare : the sovereignty of context
Decision support for resource allocation in procurement of army materiel
Reforming the Tsar's army : military innovation in Imperial Russia from Peter the Great to the Revolution
The military and politics in modern times : on professionals, praetorians, and revolutionary soldiers
Contemporary Japan
In the United States, the question of women in the armed services has been continuously and hotly debated. Among feminists, two fundamentally differing views of women in the military have developed. Feminist antimilitarists tell us that militarism and patriarchy have together pressed women into second class citizenship. Meanwhile, feminist soldiers and their advocates regard martial service as women's right and responsibility and the ticket to first class citizenship. Citizenship Rites investigates what is at stake for women in these debates. Exploring the perspectives of both feminist antimilitarists and feminist soldiers, Ilene Feinman situates the current combat controversy within the context of the sea change in United States politics since the 1970s-from ERA debates over drafting women to recent representations of military women such as the film GI Jane. Drawing on congressional testimony, court cases, feminist and antiracist political discourse, and antimilitarist activism, Feinman addresses our pressing need for an analysis of women's increasing inclusion in the armed forces while providing a provocative investigation of what this changing role means for women and society alike.
History of the RAF
The execution of Private Slovik
World defense forces
"A good Jew is in the IDF!" : a study of the role of religion in a military universe of meaning
Superpowers in economic decline : U.S. strategy for the transcentury era
Democratic control of the military in postcommunist Europe : guarding the guards
The Soviet defence enigma : estimating costs and burden
The Losers. Book two
The Future of War : power, technology and American world dominance in the 21st century
Military politics, Islam, and the state in Indonesia : from turbulent transition to democratic consolidation
The development of Russian military policy and Finland
Reduction of military budgets : international reporting of military expenditures : report of the Secretary-General
On some social influences of the military organization
Operative map. 1.
The commandos : the inside story of America's secret soldiers
The author provides a critical audit of the great RMA debate and of some actual RMA behavior and warns against a transformation that is highly potent only in a narrow range of strategic cases. He warns that the military effectiveness of a process of revolutionary change in a "way of war" can only be judged by the test of battle, and possibly not even then, if the terms of combat are very heavily weighted in favor of the United States. On balance, the concept of revolutionary change is found to be quite useful, provided it is employed and applied with some reservations and in a manner that allows for flexibility and adaptability. The contexts of warfare, especially the political, determine how effective a transforming military establishment will be.
The Soviet High Command : a military-political history, 1918-1941
Uniformed services nursing
THE WEIDENFELD ATLAS OF MARITIME HISTORY
The economics of military expenditures : military expenditures, economic growth and fluctuations : proceedings of a conference held by the International Economic Association in Paris, France
Muslims in Norwegian prisons and the defence
Enhancing organizational ambidexterity of the Finnish Defence Forces' supply chain management
The soldier and social change : comparative studies in the history and sociology of the military
Checklist for field nurses in Finnish Defence Forces : tool for medical preparations in live fire exercise
LRRP's in action
From Nuremberg to the new Wehrmacht
Building material capability with FMS procurement process
The enemy
Collaborative web-based course to learn military English vocabulary on the FDFMoodle platform : how can collaboration based on the KATRIKS-model in military pedagogy be integrated into the course?
Call to arms : the British Army 1914-18
The men who stare at goats
Strategy as discursive construction in the Finnish Defence Forces
Pharmacy use and costs in employer-provided health plans : insights for TRICARE benefit design from the private sector
Low back pain during military service predicts low back pain later in life
How Russia makes war : Soviet military doctrine
Warrior ways : explorations in modern military folklore
The evidence enigma : correctional boot camps and other failures in evidence-based policymaking
Re-entry issues and challenges of Finnish repatriates : study of corporate expatriates, employees of the Ministry for Foreign Affairs, and employees of the defence forces
