http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7456 estimations of needs
estimations of needs
Abstract: The object of the study was to clarify the functionality of the internal supply chain based on forecast for the target company. The study addressed the following questions: 1) the status of the functionality of the internal supply chain processes based on forecast, 2) how the forecast information in the Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system could serve production's planning and purchase processes and 3) how the Overall Planning module could serve the above-mentioned processes. A definition of the forecast process is also included in order to get a better description of the whole process chain.  The theoretical section of the master's thesis was based on the analysis of the forecast, Supply Chain Management (SCM), Internal Supply Chain Management (ISCM) and ERP system. The risks of SCM have also been described. The study focused extensively on the production- and purchase planning and the functionality of the Overall Planning module, which is a part of the ERP system.  The empirical section of the master's thesis was collected by theme interviews in the case company Eskimo Finland Oy in July – December 2014. The interviews were based on questionnaires tailored suitable for different departments. The observation part was accomplished during the autumn 2014. The results gave the conclusions that the processes included manual steps, which could be made more efficiently by using the forecast information via the Overall Planning module in the ERP system. Benefits of both Calculation Run of Needs application (MRP) and Overall Planning module could be used better to reduce lead times.
Instruments, tools and policies to anticipate the effects of industrial change on employment and vocational qualification
Needs assessment in occupational therapy : studies of persons with long-term/recurrent pain
Health care needs assessment : the epidemiologically based needs assessment reviews. Vol. 1
The need for healthcare
Finnish summary.
Health care needs assessment : the epidemiologically based needs assessment reviews. Vol. 2
Language learning in the workplace: evaluating the training needs of senior staff in the Metsäliitto Group
From needs assessment to action : transforming needs into solution strategies
How to stay under 10 mk a day and live like a Finn! : the ultimate guide to living, working and suriving in Finland
Innovative conceptual design : theory and application of parameter analysis
Concepts and methodology for labour market forecasts by occupation and qualification in the context of a flexible labour market
Language and communication for professional purposes : needs analysis methods in industry and business and their yield to stakeholders
Situation analysis for FACES worker cooperative
Consulting and referral patterns among general practitioners in Finland
Semantics and knowledge engineering for requirements and synthesis in conceptual design : towards the automation of requirements clarification and the synthesis of conceptual design solutions
Conducting educational needs assessments
Second language needs analysis
Abstract (1 s.).
Needs assessment of software systems graduates
Functionality of the internal supply chain based on forecast : case: Eskimo Finland Oy
Support based screening procedure for preschool in Kenya
The factors affecting the use of elderly care and the need for resources by 2030 in Finland
The use of English in rural tourism in eastern Finland : a needs analysis
