http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7459 mental support
mental support
The practice of psychosocial occupational therapy
Palliative care for children and families : an interdisciplinary approach
An introduction to counselling
Coping with the psychological consequences  of the tsunami : Finnish Red Cross professionally led peer support project  for the relatives of the deceased : final report
Counselling children with special needs
Crisis intervention strategies
Religion at ground zero : theological responses to times of crisis
Cancer and cancer care
After the crash : psychological assessment and treatment of survivors of motor vehicle accidents
Crisis preaching : personal and public
From the room 208 to your place
Order from chaos : responding to traumatic events
Palliative nursing : bringing comfort and hope
Counselling parents of children with chronic illness or disability
Human security in peacebuilding : training manual
Reclaiming school in the aftermath of trauma : advice based on experience
Working with bereaved people
Support for a family in grief
Summary.
Traumatic stress : the effects of overwhelming experience on mind, body, and society
Interventions following mass violence and disasters : strategies for mental health practice
To-from : designing a non-verbal reciprocal online connection : case study of Japan support flag
Introduction to counselling
Supportive care in radiotherapy
Crisis intervention : theory and methodology
Posttraumatic stress symptoms among school personnel after the Jokela school shooting : a longitudinal study of exposure, interventions, and symptom changes
On the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. Just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. Kalanithi chronicles his transformation from a naïve medical student into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.
How to Heal : a Guide for Caregivers
Creating an employee handbook for Youth Centre Villa Elba Oy
HIV positive women's support group : a part of the Finnish Red Cross project funded by the Commission of the European Communities
A guide to crisis intervention
Helping abused children and their families : towards an evidence-based practice model
Drive : the surprising truth about what motivates us
Supporting and educating traumatized students : a guide for school-based professionals
Crisis intervention and crisis management : strategies that work in schools and communities
Working with victims of crime : policies, politics and practice
Coping with post-traumatic stress disorder : a guide for families
Grief in young children : a handbook for adults
Distress of unemployed job-seekers described by the Zulliger test using the comprehensive system
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Intercountry adoption : need of post-adoption services in Finland
Leading a support group : a practical guide
Crisis education and service program designs : a guide for administrators, educators and clinical trainers
Disaster psychiatry : intervening when nightmares come true
Campus crisis management : a comprehensive guide to planning, prevention, response, and recovery
Caring in crisis : a handbook of intervention skills
In the presence of grief : helping family members resolve death, dying, and bereavement issues
Overcoming traumatic stress : a self-help guide using cognitive behavioral techniques
Children mourning,  mourning children
"Supporting Student Transitions 14-19 offers transition focused approaches to planning, teaching, learning and assessment designed to meet the needs of these unique learners. Drawing upon the latest research and theory, as well as the authors' extensive experience in the field, it examines in detail transitions in teaching and learning in this complex sector. Drawing out and critically analysing the key features of both pedagogy and andragogy, the book presents the best elements of each to provide all tutors and practitioners involved in the teaching of 14-19 learners with clear strategies for supporting this group. Practical advice backed by sound theory will provide readers with a clear understanding of the requirements and needs of learners in the school, college and university. Topics explored include: The role of the teacher in supporting student transitions: Understanding transition focused approaches. Emotional and social factors involved. Recognising difficulties and helping students prepare Supporting Student Transitions 14-19 is a practical guide also offering a unique contribution to the discourse on this important sector of education, increasingly afforded the attention it deserves. It will be an essential resource for trainee teachers, students of PCET, lecturers and teachers wanting to build upon their understanding of this group of learners. "--
Motivate and reward : performance appraisal and incentive systems for business success
A bolt from the blue : coping with disasters and acute traumas
Motivational interviewing in nursing practice : empowering the patient
The Great East Japan Earthquake and Tsunami : A photojournalistic account of the first 10 days of the disaster
Brief interventions with bereaved children
Crisis Consultation and Education Center 1994-1998 : project report
Being seen and heard : the needs of children of parents with mental illness
Grief in children : a handbook for adults
A description of the help received by cancer patient's relatives in their adjustment
Handbook on justice for victims : on the use and application of the Declaration of Basic Principles of Justice for Victims of Crime and Abuse of Power
Revisiting the buffers of job insecurity : investigating new buffering factors between perceived job insecurity and employee outcomes
Motivating humans : goals, emotions, and personal agency beliefs
Multi-informant assessment of behavioral and emotional strengths
When breath becomes air
Motivational interviewing in health care : helping patients change behavior
"At the age of 36, on the verge of a completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi's health began to falter. He started losing weight and was wracked by waves of excruciating back pain. A CT scan confirmed what Paul, deep down, had suspected: he had stage four lung cancer, widely disseminated. One day, he was a doctor making a living treating the dying, and the next, he was a patient struggling to live. Just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined, the culmination of decades of striving, evaporated. With incredible literary quality, philosophical acuity, and medical authority, When Breath Becomes Air approaches the questions raised by facing mortality from the dual perspective of the neurosurgeon who spent a decade meeting patients in the twilight between life and death, and the terminally ill patient who suddenly found himself living in that liminality. At the base of Paul's inquiry are essential questions, such as: What makes life worth living in the face of death? What happens when the future, instead of being a ladder toward the goals of life, flattens out into a perpetual present? When faced with a terminal diagnosis, what does it mean to have a child, to nuture a new life as another one fades away? As Paul wrote, "Before my cancer was diagnosed, I knew that someday I would die, but I didn't know when. After the diagnosis, I knew that someday I would die, but I didn't know when. But now I knew it acutely. The problem wasn't really a scientific one. The fact of death is unsettling. Yet there is no other way to live." Paul Kalanithi passed away in March 2015, while working on this book"--
We need to talk about grief : how to be a friend to the one who's left behind
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Counseling children and adolescents through grief and loss
School crisis prevention and intervention
Psychosocial nursing : care of physically ill patients and their families
Learning the art of helping : building blocks and techniques
Counseling children and adolescents in schools
The participation of informal caregivers and care quality in the hospital care of elderly patients aged 75 or older : a time series study in three care settings
Trauma : a practitioner's guide to counselling
Children and disasters : a practical guide to healing and recovery
Children exposed to violence
Abstract: Emotional support received by an aged rehabilitation patient during hospital care.
Professionally led peer support and coping with the psychological consequences of the tsunami : The Finnish Red Cross psychological peer support work for the relatives of the deceased : interim report
Arrangements and methods for fostering mental fitness in the Russian armed forces
Oxford textbook of suicidology and suicide prevention : a global perspective
Abstract.
Summary in Finnish.
Modern social work theory
Supporting student transitions 14-19 : approaches to teaching and learning
Early intervention for trauma and traumatic loss
Disruption, disaster, and death : helping students deal with crises
Handbook of counselling
Need for care and support in schizophrenia : a follow-up study of discharged schizophrenia patients
Coping with sports injuries : psychological strategies for rehabilitation
Supporting dying children and their families : a handbook for Christian ministry
Teachers in schools where students have experienced trauma face particularly difficult challenges, for how is a teacher to promote academic growth and attainment of educational goals in such a situation? Provides advice, understanding, and proven strategies for meeting the challenges that must be faced after a traumatic experience.
Creative interventions with traumatized children
Treating suicidal behavior : an effective, time-limited approach
Staff experiences of violent confrontations at Metsälä detention centre in Helsinki
How to help your loved one overcome depression : a fast and simple system to relieve distress
Cancer and Cancer Care is a complete study of cancer, the care of people with the disease and its impact on everyday life. Addressing the physical and psychosocial aspects of the illness in detail, it covers all fundamental aspects of cancer diagnosis, treatment, survival and aspects of psychosocial support for all those affected by cancer: patients, their families, and their healthcare providers. Specialist chapters focus on the unique challenges of providing cancer care to populations with particular needs, including older adults; children and young people, those with learning disabilities and those with mental health problems.
Caring for dying children and their families
Individual support for cancer patients : effects, patient satisfaction and utilisation
"For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question What makes a life worth living? At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi's transformation from a naïve medical student "possessed," as he wrote, "by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life" into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir. Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything," he wrote. "Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: 'I can't go on. I'll go on.'" When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both.Advance praise for When Breath Becomes Air "Rattling, heartbreaking, and ultimately beautiful, the too-young Dr. Kalanithi's memoir is proof that the dying are the ones who have the most to teach us about life."--Atul Gawande "Thanks to When Breath Becomes Air, those of us who never met Paul Kalanithi will both mourn his death and benefit from his life. This is one of a handful of books I consider to be a universal donor--I would recommend it to anyone, everyone."--Ann Patchett"--
Helping teens work through grief
Palliative care : the nursing role
Coping with catastrophe : a handbook of post-disaster psychosocial aftercare
Spaces of wellbeing : what is so special about special needs art studios?
A guide to interviewing children : essential skills for counsellors, police, lawyers and social workers
Spiritual care : a guide for caregivers
Why do Christians shoot their wounded? : helping (not hurting) those with emotional difficulties
