http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7454 filters
filters
RF-Filter's productivity improvements
Electronic filter design handbook
Two-parametric reduced filters for image restoration
Design of digital filters for electronic instrumentation
Investigation on the correlations between particle properties and filtration characteristics of different samples
Fosfilt filters in an agricultural catchment : a long-term field-scale
Active filter design
Digital signal filtering, analysis and restoration
Cold-climate constructed wetlands : aerobic pre-treatment and horizontal subsurface flow systems for domestic sewage and landfill leachate purification = Konstruerte våtmarker i kaldt klima : aerob forbehandling og horisontal strømmende filtre for rensing av avløpsvann og sigevann fra fyllinger
The sustainable role of the tree in environmental protection technologies
Improvement of filter press capacity and displacement rate
Basic electrical and electronic engineering
Loss reduction in coupled resonance surface acoustic wave filters operating at GHz frequencies
Simplified practical filter design
Gaussian mixture filters in hybrid positioning
Investigating the performance of the trickling filters at the Bugolobi Sewage Treatment Plant
The circuits and filters handbook : fundamentals of circuit and filters
Theory and design of microwave filters
Estimating particle number size distribution from multi-instrument observation with Kalman filtering
As membrane technology becomes increasingly common in filtration processes, its problems have begun to emerge. The problems have long been solved by technical advances, module construction and process design. This thesis project was conducted at Genencor International Oy, Hanko plant, Finland with the assistance of the Cedar Rapids plant in Iowa, United States. The aim of this thesis was to optimize the cleaning-in-place (CIP) of a microfiltration unit. Genencor has been a part of DuPont since 2011. CIP has been a problem with the microfiltration unit at the Hanko plant, cleaning has not been efficient and the cleaning costs have risen. Fouling decreases the lifetime of the membranes, which have to be changed more often. The optimization was performed at pilot scale. Data was collected by testing to see how detergents would influence the cleaning. Enzymatic, caustic, acidic, surfactant and disinfection cleaning agents were used. The efficiency of cleaning was measured by clean water flux (CWF) and by monitoring the trans-membrane pressure (TMP) and retentate pump output. The best cleaning agents were Cleaning Agent A, Cleaning Agent B, and Cleaning Agent C and the best cleaning cycle was cleaning cycle 2. The Cleaning Agent A cleaned the surface of the membrane as the Cleaning Agent B and Cleaning Agent C cleaned the pores of the membrane. There is much more to test to conclusively optimize the CIP. More tests should be conducted on the optimization of the cleaning cycles. Ways other than chemical cleaning, such as prevention of fouling, should be studied and the optimization of the filtration process is an important part of CIP optimization.
Surface-chemical and morphological studies on polymer fibers and membranes
Design and characterization of single-phase power filters
Preparation and characterization of zirconia microfiltration membranes
Extract and cleaning of contaminated air in commercial kitchens : Ultraviolet technology
Signal discrimination based on power spectrum of filter response
Tunable lumped-element bandpass filters for Cognitive Radio application
This book introduces the optical multi-band polarization imaging theory and the utilization of the multi-band polarimetric information for detecting the camouflage object and the optical hidden marker, and enhancing the visibility in bad weather and water. The book describes systematically and in detail the basic optical polarimetry theory; provides abundant multi-band polarimetric imaging experiment data; and indicates practical evaluation methods for designing the multi-band polarization imager, for analyzing and modeling the object's multi-band polarization characteristics, and for enhancing the vision performance in scattering media. This book shows the latest research results of multi-band polarimetric vision, especially in camouflage object detection, optical hidden marker detection and multi-band polarimetric imagery fusion.
Implementation of two-dimensional filters for structured documents in SYNDOC environment
Adaptive digital filters and signal analysis
Digital multirate filter for speech sampling on a microcontroller
Hydraulic filter performance under variable flow conditions
The objective of this project was to enhance the enzyme yield and capacity of a filter press of the DuPont Hanko factory. The main problem with the filter press was thought to be the channeling of the washing water during displacement of the enzyme product from the filter cakes for a good yield. It was assumed that the washing water is channeled through the bottom part of the filter cakes, leaving the upper part unwashed. The filter cakes were studied in order to determine the displacement rate of the cakes. Samples were taken from the cakes after the washing and the enzyme activity was determined. The results suggested that the washing water displaced the upper part of the filter cakes and left the bottom part almost undisplaced. This was due to too low flow rates in filtration, which were then doubled in the further studies. The results suggested that an increased flow rate enhances the filter cake uniformity, the overall displacement rate and the yield. In addition, the time required for the filtration phase was halved. In order to achieve a uniform cake structure a new feed pump is required. If the cakes are equally thick in the bottom and top halves of the chambers, the washing water will allow equally efficient displacement in both the bottom and top part of the chamber.
Filter top cages : mouldy homes for rodents?
Methods and systems for vision-based proactive applications
Light and colour filters
On the analysis and design of predictive FIR filters
Active du/dt filtering for variable-speed AC drivers
Analog signal processing with Laplace transforms and active filter design
Algebraic methods for constructing blur-invariant operators and their applications
Multi-stressor effects in boreal streams:disentangling the roles of natural and land use disturbance to stream communities
Assembling and testing of laboratory scale grey water treatment system
Final report from NMR project "Test of a filter pack combined with a PM10 inlet" : project number 04FOX5
Adaptive filter theory
Digital signal processing : a practical approach
Optimization of cleaning-in-place of membrane filtration unit
The combined treatment of UV light and titanium dioxide (TiO2) in grease filtration technique
Online ultrasound measurements of membrane compaction
Coffee filter paper
Synthesis methods for linear-phase FIR filters with a piecewise-polynomial impulse response
Digital signal processing : concepts and applications
Developing the international operations of Airfil Oy : investigation of German filtration markets
On adaptive Least Mean Square FIR filters : new implementations and applications
The circuits and filters handbook
The Hasselblad manual : a comprehensive guide to the system
Output distributional influence function
Form foaming is on track to production
Electronic signal conditioning
Nonlinear rational-based filters for image processing
Unified theory for biorthogonal filter banks
Restrictive information and Kalman-type filters for hybrid positioning
Filters - limits to technological choice
Digital filter designer's handbook : with C++ algorithms
Independent filters for color separation
Design and implementation of image filters
Survey of Air Purifier Market Acceptance in China
Miniature antenna & filter module for GPS service
Industrial applications of textiles : textiles for filtration and coated fabrics
Industrial centrifugation technology
Use of filter aids for improving the filterability of biomass suspensions
The optimization of the alkaline cleaning step in a nanofiltration installation up-concentrating whey
Digital signal and image processing using MATLAB®. Volume 2, Advances and applications: the deterministic case
Gobos for image projection
Configurable digital finite impulse response filter for low frequency signals
Filters and filtration handbook
Modulated filter bank design for communications signal processing
Utilisation of magnetic field in membrane filtration
Adaptive filters : novel structures, algorithms and applications
Selectivity and mass transport studies of some ion exchange and variable permeability membranes
Asymmetric filter banks for mitigation of mismatch errors in high-speed analog-to-digital converters
Washing and dewatering of different starches in pressure filters
Ceramic technology thriving : 3G in Filtronic Comtek Finland
analysed.
Matlab modelling of RADMON measurement data and pulse recognition algorithms
Filtered : a tool for editing SVG filters
Ultrafiltration of acid sulphite spent liquor to produce carbohydrates
Filter design for signal processing using MATLAB and Mathematica
Cleaning of ceramic filter plates
Applications of nonwovens in technical textiles
Increasing the sales to the passive and active foreign customers of Airfil Oy
Developing a voltage-source shunt active power filter for improving power quality
Effect of high temperature water vapour on SiC-based hot gas filters : microstructural, mechanical and non-destructive characterization
Comparative study of microcontroller controlled four-wire voltage and current source shunt active power filters
A one-parametric reduced filter for image restoration
Interaction between a ceramic filter medium and chemicals used for iron ore concentration
Multi-band polarization imaging and applications
Fully integrated continuous-time gmC filter for baseband frequencies
Industrial filtration of liquids
Digital signal processing : system analysis and design
Development of filter media treatments for liquid filtration
Air pollution and air cleaning equipment in buildings
Continuous-time low-pass filters for integrated wideband radio receivers
Life in the water hydraulic system
Optimization and applications of polynomial-based interpolation filters
Experimental Improvement Capabilities in Methane Degradation Biotechnologies
Hydraulics and purification in wastewater filters : Hydraulikk og rensing i avløpsfiltre
Phosphorus and nitrogen removal in light-weight aggregate (LWA) constructed wetlands and intermittent filter systems
Particle filter retrofit for all Diesel engines
Diffuse load mitigation is a prevailing global challenge due to the eutrophication of water bodies. We report here long-term nutrient removal performance of two on-site sand filters (F1 and F2) in southwestern Finland, established in the 1990s. The sand filters were enhanced with a layer of phosphorus binding material Fosfilt-s, a side product of titanium dioxide production. The monitoring periods were 4.5 and 3.5years for F1 and F2, respectively. F1 only worked for some months due to blockage of the crushed stone layer. After renovation (1999), the filter worked for a year but then the Fosfilt-s layer clogged and the filter increased suspended solids (SS) and dissolved reactive phosphorus (DRP) loads by 36% and 19% on average, respectively. Total P (PTOT) load was not affected. The structure and performance of F2 were more successful due to a better water distribution system. On average, 61% ofthe inflowing suspended solids, 37% of the PTOT and 45% of the DRP were removed during the monitoring period. We conclude that these filter types have the potential to be further developed into useful tools for nutrient load reduction. Development work should be focused on the treatment of subsurface drainage waters with high concentrations of dissolved nutrients, in particular. Long term field data is needed, because laboratory tests cannot fully simulate natural circumstances.
Water treatment membrane processes
Improvement of the sizing accuracy of ceramic disc filters
Providing inexpensive drinking water treatment solutions for developing countries - a case study on Luanda, Angola
The master handbook of acoustics
Fast algorithms for iterative design of linear filters and adaptive polynomial filtering
Active filters : theory and design
One- and multidimensional signal processing : algorithms and applications in image processing
Mechanical design of filtrate discharge apparatus for pressurized disc filter
Outdoor urban aerosols and their transport and fate indoors
The purpose of this thesis was to design and analyze of multirate anti-aliasing and reconstruction filters. The design was made for narrowband speech sampling on a low-power microcontroller. The goal was to achieve feasible construction with equal performance compared to an off-the-shelf voice codec solution. Human voice production and measurement were analyzed. The frequency content of human voice was studied for optimal design. Speech is frequency encoded signal and authentic capturing requires careful signal conditioning. For narrowband speech with optimal sampling, aliasing poses a threat to the signal quality and requires filters with high roll-off. Speech sampling theory was reviewed and common sampling techniques compared for analysis to aid the design. The design used an SAR ADC, a more common ADC for microcontrollers, which was compared to a delta-sigma ADC that is usually seen in audio applications. Oversampling was used for digital anti-aliasing filter design. Analog and digital design were combined to minimize analog filter stage requirements. FIR filters were designed and analyzed in Mathworks Matlab. The filter design used multirate construction to separate decimation and interpolation stages to more compact size, thus reducing the total filter coefficient amount and computational requirements significantly. The design was realized on ARM Cortex M3 microcontroller. FIR filter instances were constructed using ARM CMSIS DSP library. The code for the project was created on free to use web-based ARM mbed IDE. Simulation and measurements showed that aliasing requirements were achieved in the designed accuracy.
Signals and systems : an introduction
The photographer's guide to filters
Hybrid LC filter for power electronic drives : theory and implementation
An approach to LSI implementation of wave digital filters
