http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7464 Uralic languages
Uralic languages
Comparative grammar of the uralic languages
How universal is the constituent hierarchy?
Selected bibliography of the onomastics of the Uralian languages
Comments on Pekka Sammallahti's paper "Language and roots"
On the paradigms of Uralic comparative studies
Valencia Uralica : Materialien der Konferenz Valencia Uralica (Szombathely, 18. - 19. April 2002)
Bibliographia Sibirica : Finno-Ugristics and samoyedology in scientific centres of Siberia
The Uralic and Altaic series : an analytical index, including a complete index to Keleti Szemle
Changes motivated by style and dependent from genre in Uralic language : [English abstract]
History of the Uralic languages and the principle of lateral areas
Problems of Uralistics : contributions to the 7th International Congress of Finno-Ugrists, Debrecen, August 27 - September 2, 1990 : analytical reviews in two volumes. Vol. 1
Western and eastern contact areas of Uralic languages
The Uralic protolanguage : a comprehensive reconstruction
Introduction
Wanderwörter, areality and borders - the word for 'bread' in selected areas of Eurasia
Geographical distribution of the uralic languages
Comments to the plenary presentation "Reconstructing Pre-Proto-Uralic typology spanning the millennia of linguistic evolution" by Juha Janhunen
Automation and the Uralic : Dreams and Reality of the Experience of the Uralica Database
The Uralic-Yukaghir lexical correspondences : genetic inheritance, language contact or chance resemblance?
The objective conjugation in the Uralic languages : a unified approach
The main characteristic features of the Uralic languages
Studia Indo-Uralica : the early relations between Indo-European and Uralic
On verbalizing nouns in Uralic
Typological and historical studies in language by Mikko Korhonen : a memorial volume published on the 60th anniversary of his birth
The form of the object in the Uralic languages
Why do the Russians dislike Ural, Uralia, and Uralic?
Problems of Uralistics : contributions to the 7th International Congress of Finno-Ugrists, Debrecen, August 27 - September 2, 1990 : analytical reviews in two volumes. Vol. 2
Conjunctions in the languages of Northern Eurasia
Breakthrough in present-day uralistics
The role of Uralic studies in finding the origins of Japanese
Grasping the meaning : motivations of the Uralic verbs for 'Understanding'
How many Proto-Uralic words
Survey of the Uralic languages
Indo-european-uralic-siberian linguistic and cultural contacts
The Finnic  ́secondary e-stems ̀ and Proto-Uralic vocalism
This paper deals with the Uralic languages, their regional distribution and relationship with one another. The Uralic languages are spoken in a large area in North and Central Eurasia. Most of the Uralic languages are seriously endangered minority languages - only Finnish, Hungarian, and Estonian are principal national languages spoken in independent countries. Despite being relatives, the Uralic languages differ remarkably from one another. In the west, the Uralic languages have had most intensive relationships with Indo-European languages, and in the east, with Turkic languages. The differences within the language group carry information regarding these contacts. In the research of the Uralic languages, the proto-languages and the original home of the peoples speaking these languages have attracted particular interest. Comparative and historical methods and archaeology have been important in the research of the history of the Uralic languages.
Proto-phonotactics : phonotactic investigation of the PU and PFU consonant system : (on the basis of the Uralisches etymologisches Wörterbuch)
M. A. Castrén as a university teacher
Uralic languages in Sprachbünde : areal connections within and accross the family borders
The Uralic languages
Etymology, sound history, origins
Publications by Mikko Korhonen 1960-1994
Uralic (Finno-Ugric) etymological archives (Fuga-E)
What does a "Uralic language" mean?
Some remarks on Uralic numerals
The proto-Uralic wordstock - analysed by computer (on the basis of Uralisches Etymologisches Wörterbuch)
Language contact hypotheses and the history of Uralic morphosyntax
Uralic languages in European and Siberian linguistic context
Congressus septimus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Debrecen 27.VIII.-2.IX.1990. 1, B, Sessiones plenares et symposia : annotationes alia
Typological drift in the Finno-Ugrian languages with special reference to the case system
Uralic studies and the research of literatures in Uralic languages
The basic Uralic lexicon and the Uralic paradigm
Polar interrogatives in Uralic languages
Summary.
Contribution to a definition of Uralic consonant gradation
Uralic languages and linguistics : study aid for undergraduate students
Comments on Eugene Helimski's paper "Proto-Uralic gradation : continuation and traces"
Structural tendencies in Uralic languages
Finnic affinity
A handbook of the Uralic languages. 1, Fenno-Ugric vocabulary : an etymological dictionary of the Uralic languages
Proto-Uralic - what, where, and when?
Linguistic palaeotology : science or fiction? A case study within Uralic
Contact-induced perspectives in Uralic linguistics
Endangered languages of Russia : an informational database
The grown-up siblings : history and functions of Western Uralic *kse
Report on Uralic and Altaic studies : September 30, 1958
Distinguishing prenominal relative constructions by relativizers in Uralic
The terms for black and white and their development in the Uralic languages
Fenno-ugric vocabulary : an etymological dictionary of the Uralic languages
Freedom and love : Remembering Robert Austerlitz
Indo-European-Uralic-Siberian linguistic and cultural contacts
Main language shifts in the Uralic language group
About the non-personal definite function of the Uralic 3rd person possessive suffix
Bibliographic celebration of Uralic studies in the United States
The Eskimo-Uralic hypothesis
Comparative grammar of the Uralic languages
Atlas Linguarum Europae and the Uralic languages
Geographical distribution of the Uralic languages
The Uralic languages of Europe
Uralic studies at the Babeş-Bʹolyai university
Historical and linguistic interaction between Inner-Asia and Europe : Proceedings of the 39th permanent International Altaistic Conference (PIAC) Szeged, Hungary: June 16-21, 1996
