http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7463 Samoyedic languages
Samoyedic languages
The treatment of initial *l- in Proto-Samoyed
Keelekontaktidest keelevahetuseni = From language contacts to language shifts
Liber semisaecularis Societatis fenno-ugricae
On Finnic long vowels, Samoyed vowel sequences, and Proto-Uralic *x
Main language shifts in the Uralic language group
Functioning of possessive in Samoyed languages
Survey of the Uralic languages
Commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Y.H. Toivonen
Samoyedic studies : a state-of-the-art report
Texts of Nenets songs in A. O. Väisänen's "Samojedische Melodien"
On the typology of negation in Ob-Ugric and Samoyedic languages
Information structure and typological change : Northern Sami challenged by Indo-European models
Materials on Forest Enets, an indigenous language of northern Siberia
Selkup texts with phonetic introduction and vocabulary
The Samoyed peoples and languages
The language of the first Selkup books
The systems of the deictic day names in the Samoyed languages
On the origin of Samoyed languages and on some more similarities between samoyed and Finnic-Lapp (Saami) languages
Agreement and situation construal : evidence from Ob-Ugric and Samoyed languages
j in Sayan-Samoyed temporal suffixes
New and old samoyed etymologies : Part 2.
Note transcriptions of Nenets songs in A. O. Väisänen's "Samojedische Melodien"
Geographical distribution of the Uralic languages
Abstract.
Who was A. Sprogis?
Scholar and activist : Kai Donner's life and work
Transcriptions of Nenets songs in A. O. Väisänen's "Samojedische Melodien" re-evaluated
Sheep in the Samoyed Tundras
Geographical distribution of the Uralic Languages
A handbook of the Uralic languages. 1, Fenno-Ugric vocabulary : an etymological dictionary of the Uralic languages
A grammar of tundra nenets
Kai Donner : linguist, ethnographer, photographer
The relations of Samoyed languages to the neighbouring languages
New and old Samoyed etymologies. 2.
Some Samoyed-Tunguz word comparisons
Radically renewing Uralistics and the Siberian contact area of the Uralic areas
The linguist in the field : Kai Donner's collections from Siberian languages
Verb conjugation in Tundra Nenets
Samoyed phonemic system
Tocharian loanwords in Samoyed?
Traces of Proto-Samoyed vowel contrasts in Nenets
Summary.
The Uralic languages
Nganasan as a knot of contradictions : evidence for substrate and cognate
Comparative grammar of the Uralic languages
Samoyedic
Ugro-Samoyedic elements in the toponymy of the Eastern Front-Kama basin
The problem of Samoyed origins in the light of archaeology : on the formation and dispersal of East Uralic (Proto-Ugro-Samoyed)
The counterfactive mood in Forest Enets and its origin
The problem of endangered languages in the USSR
Geographical distribution of the uralic languages
Ethnolinguistic diversity in Siberia
The origins of the western Uralic s-cases revisited: historiographical, functional-typological and Samoyedic perspectives
Consonant discontinuation in Samoyedic synchronic and diachronic morphophonology
Proto-Lappish and Samoyed
The formation of abstract nouns in the Uralic languages
The Finno-Ugric republics and the Russian State
From west to east : Kai Donner's international connections
Typology of affirmative and negative non-verbal  predicates in the Ugric and Samoyedic languages
On the classification of the Samoyedic languages
Some remarks on Uralic numerals
Nenèj vadi" tènz" padar" = A morphological dictionary of Tundra Nenets
Siberia : life on the taiga and tundra
