http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7462 computing devices
computing devices
Computer systems organization & architecture
Work with computing systems WWCS 2007, Stockholm
Beginning J2EE 1.4 : from novice to professional
Co-verification of hardware and software for ARM SoC design
"This book investigates the technology of ubiquitous computing, emerging applications and services, and social issues vital for the successful deployment of a ubiquitous computing application. Providing high quality, authoritative content on such topics as device design, wireless communication, location sensing, privacy concerns, attention focus, multi-person interaction, and direct interaction, work patterns, it is a must-have in library collections"--Provided by publisher.
The complete PC upgrade and maintenance guide
Embedded system design : a unified hardware/software introduction
Digital aesthetics
Building high performance clusters
Audio codec measurements for product testing
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 10, The benefits of completing the internal market for telecommunication : equipment : services : the Community
IT essentials : PC hardware and software companion guide
STUDENTS’ LEVEL OF INTEREST AND OPINIONS ON A POSSIBILITY OF ACQUIRING A SCHOOL PROVIDED PERSONAL LAPTOP. : Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management
Computer structure and logic
This book explains and then helps readers live with the psycho-techno phenomenon that is bring your own technology (BYOT). Readers will learn how to understand these new end-users and their demands, as well as the strategic and tactical ramifications of these demands. Next, it covers the broad range of technical considerations such as selection, connectivity, training, support, and security. The text includes best practices and case studies of well-known companies, including IBM, Ford, and CarFax
This thesis was born out of the idea to make hydroponic food growing easier and cheaper, hydroponics is essentially the growing of plants without the use of soil. The idea of it being open source is also in keeping with the general community feeling surrounded by the hydroponic movement. The objective of the thesis was to create a working hydroponic controller, which is cheap and simple enough to build. It will monitor and control the key environmental ingredients needed for successful hydroponic growing, chiefly the pH, EC, air and water levels. Visual alarms will be raised if these go outside of predefined ranges. The controller will also be able to control external HW, such as lights, water heater and a water pump. A circuit board was developed, which will act as a shield for an Arduino 2560 board. The circuit board will help in the ease of building the system. It acts too, as a way of keeping the HW more stable, as wires will not come loose and interference will be minimised. The SW and HW design will be available for everyone to download. Knowledge of what is important in hydroponic growing was considered and these factors were used as inputs into driving the SW and HW requirements. UI usability studies were carried out to ensure that the controller would be enjoyable to use. Software design and software patterns were taken into use to make the SW more module and expandable. Investigation into any third party SW libraries was done and consideration into licensing was carried out. This thesis details the HW and SW and why certain design decisions were made. The design of the SW classes are also described as well as the overall functioning of the SW. An explanation of how to build the system is also given.
IBM-PC in the laboratory
Structured computer organization
Upgrading and repairing PCs
Human-centred design processes for interactive systems = Processus de conception centrée sur l'opérateur humain pour les systèmes interactifs
Performance analysis, modelling and measurement in a hierarchically distributed computer system
Microprocessor architecture : from simple pipelines to chip multiprocessors
Systematic design of synchronous digital circuits
The art and craft of computing
AWARE: a mobile context instrumentation middleware to collaboratively understand human behavior
The Macintosh bible
Mouse Interfacing with USB and PS/2
Delete : the virtue of forgetting in the digital age
Pro Tools puts professional recording and music production software in the hands of anyone with the appropriate hardware and the knowledge to use it. Musician and recording engineer Jeff Strong guides you through the latest version of this complex program, offering twice the content of the official guide at a lower price. Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and getting your music to the masses. •	The latest version of Pro Tools offers a whole range of new possibilities for the recording artist; this soup-to-nuts guide explains everything you need to know to take full advantage of it. •	Written by a professional musician and recording engineer who has authored two previous editions of this book as well as Home Recording For Musicians For Dummies and Drums For Dummies. •	Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and distributing your music. •	Explains how to configure your computer and attach hardware, proper microphone settings, steps for getting your music to sound the way you want, tips on putting your tracks together professionally, and much more.
Hardware/firmware interface design : best practices for improving embedded systems development
Students' level of interest and opinions on a possibility of acquiring a school provided personal laptop : Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management
The performance of smoke detectors in computer rooms
ECDL4 : the complete coursebook for Microsoft® Office 2003
Journal of Computers
Semantic interoperability framework for smart spaces
Introduction to information systems
Accessibility study on computer facilities at Coventry University
PC upgrade and repair bible
Tietotekniikan laitteet : turvallisuus. Osa 1, Yleiset vaatimukset = Information technology equipment : safety. Part 1, General requirements
Application for selecting Vamp products based on user specification
Copyright protection and hardware taxation
"While some related books cover separate aspects of digital media and cloud computing, none integrate both of these areas together. Bridging the gap between digital media and cloud computing, this book brings together technologies for media/data communication, elastic media/data storage, security, authentication, cross-network media/data fusion, inter-device media interaction/reaction, data centers, platform as a service (PaaS), and software as a service (SaaS). The book also covers interesting applications involving digital media in the cloud. "--
PC magazine : the independent guide to personal computing
The complete A+ guide to PC repair
Internationalisation in operating systems for handheld devices
iPod & iTunes for dummies
Understanding computers : today and tomorrow
Embedded systems : Real-time operating systems for the ARM cortex-M3 / Volume 3.
Finnish high-tech industries and European integration; sectoral study. 2, The data processing equipment industry
Adapting PCs for disabilities
Data processing contracts : structure, contents, and negotiation
Computer architecture : from microprocessors to supercomputers
Introduction to evolvable hardware : a practical guide for designing self-adaptive systems
User interface for positioning based cultivation management
Integration of intelligent picking panel devices into FlexLink automation solutions
Computer confluence : exploring tomorrow's technology
Skype(R) for dummies(R)
Absolute beginner's guide to A+ certification
AppleDesign : the work of the Apple Industrial Design Group
Go! All in one : computer concepts and applications
On the edge : a comprehensive guide to blade server technology
Abstract: Building high performance clusters.
Security hardware and security system planning for museums
Green computing and green it : best practices on regulations and industry initiatives, virtualization, power management, materials recycling and telecommuting / Jason Harris
Dimensioning of electrical installations : calculation softwares examined
Abstract: Continuous integration : tools and practices.
Analyzing computer architectures
The hard disk survival guide
Platform independent OPC programming interface using Java
Embedded system design : modeling, synthesis and verification
Abstract: Integration of intelligent picking panel devices into FlexLink automation solutions.
Software development for mobile devices: iPhone OS vs. Maemo
Evolvable hardware
Technical introduction to the Macintosh family
Cloud computing and digital media : fundamentals, techniques, and applications
Computer help for seniors in easy steps
Dawsonera: "Computers play a crucial role in our day-to-day lives. With more than 150 black-and-white photographs and illustrations, "Encyclopedia of Computer Science and Technology, Revised Edition" provides a detailed examination of this fascinating field for students and general readers alike. This necessary update boasts more than 50 - per cent new material - a total of more than 550 updated entries, nearly 200 new to this edition, that reflect current information. Helpful appendixes include a chronology of significant events in computing, a listing of achievements in the field, and brief descriptions and contact information for some important organizations in the computer field. Major corporations and organizations in the computer field are now covered, as well as many new biographies. Further reading sections have been revised and expanded with the latest resources".
Ipad for dummies
Handbook of information security management 1999
Building the perfect PC
Discovering computers : technology in a world of computers, mobile devices, and the Internet
Abstract: Review on ICT within the Government of Finland 2002.
Physical computing : sensing and controlling the physical world with computers
The design and implementation of a hydroponics control system
Encyclopedia of computer science and technology
Continuous integration : tools and practices
PC hardware essentials
PC hardware buyer's guide : choosing the perfect components
Energy consumption of workstations and external devices in school of business and information technology
Tietotekniikan laitteet. Turvallisuus. Osa 1, Yleiset vaatimukset = Information technology equipment : safety. Part 1, General requirements
Advances in ubiquitous computing : future paradigms and directions
IPad : the missing manual
Mastering system center 2012 R2 configuration manager
Abstract.
The Design and Implementation of a Hydroponics Control System
JUNOS high availability
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
A minimal device-independent text input method
Formal energy estimation framework
Abstract: User interface for positioning based cultivation management.
The ability to forget, or be forgotten, has played an important part in human society, allowing for changed minds, second chances & overlooked embarrassments. Digital technology, with its inexhaustible memory, threatens one of the most important social conventions: the past is past. This book explores the issues.
Opening an IT recycling center in Nigeria : the business plan
On the organization of multisegmented bus
All-in-one CompTIA A+ certification exam guide : (exams 220-701 & 220-702)
Virtualization with VMware(TM) ESX Server(TM)
Sähkömagneettinen yhteensopivuus : ISDN päätelaitteet : häiriönsieto = Elektromagnetisk kompatibilitet : fordringar på terminalutrustning för digitalt flertjänstnät (ISDN) : immunitet = Electromagnetic compatibility requirements for ISDN terminal equipment : part 2. Immunity requirements
Microcomputer hardware design
Automatic text processing : the transformation, analysis, and retrieval of information by computer
Dictionary of multimedia
Go! all in one : computer concepts & applications
Embedded system design on a shoestring : achieving high performance with a limited budget
Bring your own devices (BYOD) survival guide
ECDL : advanced databases
Skype hacks(TM)
Discovering computers : student success guide
The video gaming manual : the essential guide to modern and retro gaming platforms
Pro Tools all-in-one for dummies
