http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7461 working dogs
working dogs
Animals in the police
Security manual
Validity of detection of microbial growth in buildings by trained dogs
Paws of courage : true tales of heroic dogs that protect and serve
Rin Tin Tin : the life and legend of the world's most famous dog
Rottweilers : an owner's companion
Star on stormy mountain
A new owner's guide to Shetland sheepdogs
Modern wars recruit more than just human soldiers. Our canine companions also serve in the line of duty and under fire, whether helping police protect our home turf or accompanying soldiers on missions abroad. Readers will cheer for the hero dogs featured in this collection, profiled with stunning photos and inspiring tales of bravery, friendship, heroism, and devotion. Their touching stories are sure to inspire animal lovers everywhere. Ages 9+
Cassius : the true story of a courageous police dog
Dogs in the leisure experience
Think about being deaf
The little stranger
Working dogs : true stories of dogs and their handlers
The rottweiler
Training dogs for protection work
A way of life : sheepdog training, handling and trialling
Training your dog for sports and other activities
Murphy and the great surf rescue
Cat Warren is a university professor and former journalist with an admittedly odd hobby: She and her German shepherd have spent the last seven years searching for the dead. Solo is a cadaver dog. What started as a way to harness Solo’s unruly energy and enthusiasm soon became a calling that introduced Warren to the hidden and fascinating universe of working dogs, their handlers, and their trainers. Solo has a fine nose and knows how to use it, but he’s only one of many thousands of working dogs all over the United States and beyond. In What the Dog Knows, Warren uses her ongoing work with Solo as a way to explore a captivating field that includes cadaver dogs, drug- and bomb-detecting K9s, tracking and apprehension dogs—even dogs who can locate unmarked graves of Civil War soldiers and help find drowning victims more than two hundred feet below the surface of a lake. Working dogs’ abilities may seem magical or mysterious, but Warren shows the multifaceted science, the rigorous training, and the skilled handling that underlie the amazing abilities of dogs who work with their noses. Warren interviews cognitive psychologists, historians, medical examiners, epidemiologists, and forensic anthropologists, as well as the breeders, trainers, and handlers who work with and rely on these remarkable and adaptable animals daily. Along the way, she discovers story after story that proves the impressive capabilities—as well as the very real limits—of working dogs and their human partners. Clear-eyed and unsentimental, Warren explains why our partnership with dogs is woven into the fabric of society and why we keep finding new uses for their wonderful noses.
Companion animals : their biology, care, health, and management
The kill switch
What the dog knows : the science and wonder of working dogs
Scout and the sausage thief
Essential care in the field : a fitness manual for working dogs
Ruffly speaking
Murphy is used to being top dog. But he faces his biggest challenge yet when he is sent to the beach to try for his Surf Rescue Badge. Can he be brave when it matters the most?
Collies : Everything about heritage and puppy care, as well as understanding competitive events and dog shows
German Shepherd Dog : your happy healthy pet
The hard of hearing handbook
Archie: hero in training
Lend me an ear : the temperament, selection and training of the hearing dog
What the dog knows : scent, science, and the amazing ways dogs perceive the world
A Former Army Ranger Tucker Wayne and his war dog Kane are thrust into a global conspiracy that threatens to shake the foundations of American democracy in this second exciting Sigma Force spinoff adventure from New York Times bestselling authors James Rollins and Grant Blackwood.
