http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7472 energy production plants
energy production plants
Energy consumption trends and energy consumption in modern mills in forest industry
Cleantech 2012 : energy, renewables, materials, storage and environment : technical proceedings of the 2012 CTSI Clean Technology and Sustainable Industries conference and showcase
Purchasing and sourcing strategies in German energy industry
Renewable energy : technology, economics and environment
Summary: Radioactivity of wood ash.
Planning as persuasive storytelling : the rhetorical construction of Chicago's electric future
Advanced energy systems
Planning of optimal power systems
Electrical energy systems
A knowledge-based system for real-time operation planning and event analysis in power system control
An appraisal of UK energy research, development, demonstration & dissemination
Biogas from waste and renewable resources : an introduction
Biogas production from energy crops and crop residues
Materials for energy technology : KESTO technology programme 1997-2001 : final report
Power industry
The girl in the road
VTT Chemical Technology improves comparability of emission measurements in Baltic states and Russia
The quest for clean energy
Power-to-gas : technology and business models
Closer partnership with clients
Micro cogeneration : towards decentralized energy systems
Tiivistelmä. - Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Advantage Northwest Russia : the new growth centre of Europe?
Innovation management of biorefineries in Finnish forest sector
Hypothesis IV : proceedings of the 4th international symposium on hydrogen power - theoretical and engineering solutions. Volume 2.
Introduction to chemicals from biomass
Essays in deregulated finnish and nordic electricity markets
Nuclear power : is it too risky?
Power-plant control and instrumentation : the control of boilers and HRSG systems
Abstract.
Visions for a sustainable energy future
Waste-to-energy : technologies and project implementation
Detector-based visual analysis of time-series data
Co-operation possibilities on renewable energy between Finland and India
Greener energy systems : energy production technologies with minimum environmental impact
Hypothesis IV : proceedings of the 4th international symposium on hydrogen power - theoretical and engineering solutions. Volume 1.
Hypothesis IV : proceedings of the 4th international symposium on hydrogen power - theoretical and engineering solutions. Volume 3.
Finnish expert report on best available techniques in energy production from solid recovered fuels
Puun tuhkan radioaktiivisuus = radioactivity of wood ash
Biogas composition and upgrading to biomethane
Anaerobic digestion - making biogas, making energy : the earthscan expert guide
Electric power distribution system engineering
Energy policy analysis : A conceptual framework
Springer handbook of mechanical engineering
Summary.
Energy use : visions and technology opportunities in Finland
Mass balance determination for trace elements at coal-, peat- and bark-fired power plants
Electric power engineering handbook. Electric power generation, transmission, and distribution
Thermographic and Vibration Control Maintenance in a CHP Power Plant
Electric energy : an introduction
Study on distributed energy options in Skaftkärr testbed
Control and automation of electric power distribution systems
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Practical power systems protection
Energy for the 21st century, 2-3 July 1996
Wärtsilä to supply large gas fuelled power plant to American utility in state Oregon
Sihti 2 : energy and environmental technology : yearbook 1993 of the research programme : project reports
A techno-economic comparison of biogas upgrading technologies in Europe
Wärtsilä receives EUR 150 million dual-fuel power plant order from Dominican Republic
Eco-energetics - biogas and syngas: technologies, legal, framework, policy and economics in baltic see region
The virtual utility : accounting, technology & competitive aspects of the emerging industry
Integrating combined heat and power production and CO[sub 2] emissions trading planning
