http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7479 festive music
festive music
Rock in the East : Expectations Towards a Finnish Rock Festival in the Russian Context
Music for weddings
The music lover's guide to Europe : a compendium of festivals, concerts, and opera
Wedding music for flute & guitar
Hail! bright Cecilia
Kaustinen folk music festival
Coronation anthems
In memory of... classics for funerals
Peace & celebration
The coronation of King George II
Music for the lion-hearted king : music to mark the 800th anniversary of the Coronation of King Richard I of England in Westminster Abbey, 3 September 1189.
The cool camping guide to festivals
The organist's wedding album. Volume two
Royal welcome songs. Part II
Coronation Anthems
Music for special occasions : for weddings and services of celebration or reflection. Sacred
The Complete traditional wedding album for organ, keyboard and voice
The King shall rejoice : Coronation anthem for King George II, 1727.
Music for royal occasions
Organ music for all occasions : for all organs
The king shall rejoice : Coronation Anthem ro King George II, 1727
Odes for St. Cecilia's day : music for Queen Mary
Musical ensembles in festival books, 1500-1800 : an iconographical & documentary survey
Tallinn '88 : rahvusvaheline koorifestival = meždunarodnyj festival' horov = The International Choral Festival
Bayreuth : the early years : an account of the early decades of the Wagner Festival as seen by the celebrated visitors & participants
Music for solemn occasions : solo piano
Music for special occasions : for weddings and services of celebration or reflection. Secular
Fifteen songs and airs : set 2
Message to love : The Isle of Wight festival : the movie
This is the day : music on royal occasions
Music for royal occasions : celebratory music from more than 500 years of royal ceremonies
Sing solo sacred : 40 favourite songs and arias : for low voice and organ or piano
England, my England : the story of Henry Purcell
Four Coronation Anthems
Grenada : Creole and Yoruba voices
Royal and ceremonial odes
R. Alex Anderson's famous songs of Hawaii : for voice, piano, organ, guitar and ukulele
Wedding music for flute & guitar : Cathedral Music Press presents
The organist's wedding album
Security in Music Festivals and Concerts
Launching a successful music festival
In memoriam : music for solemn occasions
EDM and Ecstasy : the lived experiences of electronicdance music festival attendees
The essential organist [Nuottijulkaisu] : sixty pieces for weddings, funerals & everyday use
The Organist's wedding album
Marche funebre : music for solemn occasions
Sing solo sacred : 40 favourite songs and arias for low voice and organ or piano
Music for a royal wedding
The world of the Royal Music
Quiet classics for the piano : beautiful music appropriate for church services, weddings..
Laulu Karjalasta : Heikki Sarmannon sävellys Harry Martinsonin Aniarasta. Harry Martinson's poem from Aniara set to music by Heikki Sarmanto = Song of Karelia
World's favorite organ music for all occasions : for all organs
State songs : anthems and their origins
The world of wedding music
120+ waltz & march favorites : piano, electronic keyboard, guitar and all 'C' instruments
Ode for the birthday of Queen Anne HWV 74
Marche funèbre : music for solemn occasions
The perfect wedding songbook
The coronation of King George II, 1727 : Handel's coronation anthems and ceremonial music by Purcell, Blow, Tallis, Gibbons, Farmer and Child, trumpet fanfares, drum processions, shouts of acclamation and pealing bells
Wedding classics
Anthology : Piano, vocal, guitar : revised, updated
Christus Apollo
Monterey Pop
Planning the music for your wedding
Complete wedding album : There is love
The king shall rejoice : coronation anthem : HWV 260
[Complete odes and welcome songs]. [Vol. 2]
Monterey pop : June 16-18, 1967
