http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7480 legal history
legal history
Dispensing Justice is designed to serve as a source book of Islamic legal practice and qadi court records from the rise of Islam to modern times, drawing upon court records and qadi judgments, in addition to literary sources. In the first chapter, we survey the state of the field, sketching the history, structure, and modern transformation of the qadiship. The twenty chapters that follow are grouped thematically in four sections: (1) the nature and functions of the judgeship and its development over time; (2) the structure of the judicial apparatus; (3) the application of juristic thought ... read more and reasoning to specific cases in selected areas of the law; and (4) judicial procedure and the different forms of evidence. The volume fills a large gap in Islamic legal history.
Studies in Mesopotamian legal symbolism
Sources of English legal history : law, history and society in England and Wales 1750-1950
Women and the law : leaders, cases, and documents
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 3-A, Contract : legal precedents
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Legal record and historical reality : proceedings of the Eight British Legal History Conference, Cardiff 1987
The crime of poison in the Middle Ages
From compurgators to mixed courts: reflections on the historical development of Finnish evidence law and court structure
A short history of English law : from the earliest times to the end of the year 1911
A sketch of English legal history
Denmark and Europe in the Middle Ages, c.1000-1525
Copyright's highway : from Gutenberg to the celestial jukebox
The civil lawyers in England 1603 - 1641 : a political study
The Finnish path to a state based on the rule of law  : from the 1850's to the present
English private law
Social change in the law of trusts
An introduction to English legal history
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
The law of Greco-Roman Egypt in the light of the papyri, 332 B.C. - 640 A.D
History and crime : implications for criminal justice policy
The American judicial tradition : profiles of leading American judges
New approaches to international law : the European and the American experiences
Shanghai : its mixed court and council : material relating to the history of the Shanghai Muncipal Council and the history, practice and statistics of the International Mixed Court : Chinese modern law and Shanghai Muncipal land regulations and by-laws governing the life in the settlement
How Nordic are the Nordic medieval laws? : medieval legal history 1
Kingship, law and society : criminal justice in the reign of Henry V
Congress makes a law : the story behind the employment act of 1946
A history of Italian law. Volume 2
Ending the French Revolution : violence, justice, and repression from the terror to Napoleon
An introduction to history of Czech private law
The revival of natural law concepts
A menace to society : radicalism and legal scholarship in the United States, Scandinavia, and Finland, 1965-1980
A history of finnish legal science : an outline
The historical roots of European legal culture : transitions due to diversities and differences
Reassessing anthropology of law and legal history
The main trends in Finnish legal history during the period of autonomy
Constitutional theory
Law and transaction costs in the ancient economy
Legal philosophy in 17th-century Finland : some reflections
The judicial power of the United States : the eleventh amendment in American history
International law and Grotian heritage : a commemorative colloquium held at the Hague on 8 April 1983 on the occasion of the fourth centenary of the birth of Hugo Grotius
Potter's Historical introduction to English law and its institutions
An historical introduction to private law
Finland and the tsars 1809-1899
The birth of American law : an Italian philosopher and the American revolution
Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes : his book notices and uncollected letters and papers
Aboriginal title : the modern jurisprudence of tribal land rights
Dispensing justice in Islam : Qadis and their judgements
English legal manuscripts in the United States of America : a descriptive list. Part 1, Medieval and renaissance period (to 1558)
Counsel in the Caucasus : professionalization and law in Georgia
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
Encyclopedic dictionary of Roman law
Primitive law, past and present
The criminal law of slavery and freedom 1800-1868
The history of English law before the time of Edward I. Vol. 2
Justice according to law
Redefining rape : sexual violence in the era of suffrage and segregation
The dead duke, his secret wife and the missing corpse
"One of family law's greatest challenges within the 21st Century is facing the decreased rate of marriages and the increased number of unmarried co-habiting couples. All over the world, lawmakers and courts have met this challenge with different legal solutions. Currently, eleven American jurisdictions recognize the doctrine of common law marriage, but for other jurisdictions have abolished the doctrine within the last fifteen years. Common Law Marriage presents a thorough legal history of common law marriage, from its origins to current law and possible future developments in law. Dr. Gvran Lind researches current law by analyzing American cases, discussing the legal requirements for the establishment of a common law marriage, as to capacity, contract, implied agreement, cohabitation, holding out, and burdens of proof." "As Lind points out, due to the choice of law principles, courts all over the United States must decide on common law marriages on a case-by-case basis. As long as couples move from one state to another, individual state courts in the United States must apply the doctrine of common law marriage and decide if such a marriage has been established when a couple has lived in, or visited, a common law marriage state. Common Law Marriage provides an avid look at the level of expertise regarding the doctrine of common law marriage and expresses the evident need for guidance concerning it."--BOOK JACKET.
Marrying off sons and daughters: attitudes towards the consent of parents and guardians in early modern Sweden
"How do a legal order and the rule of law develop in a war-torn state? Using his field research in Sudan, the author uncovers how colonial administrators, postcolonial governments, and international aid agencies have used legal tools, practices, and resources to promote stability and their own visions of the rule of law amid political violence and war in Sudan. Tracing the dramatic development of three forms of legal politics - colonial, authoritarian, and humanitarian - this book contributes to a growing body of scholarship on law in authoritarian regimes and on human rights and legal empowerment programs in the Global South. Refuting the conventional wisdom of a legal vacuum in failed states, this book reveals how law matters deeply even in the most extreme cases of states still fighting for political stability"--
European legal history : sources and institutions
Moral foundations of American law : faith, virtue and mores
Human law and human justice
Corporation, trust and company : an essay in legal history
Lectures on the early history of institutions
Testamentary formalities
Three criminal law reformers : Beccaria, Bentham, Romilly
"A soldier is also a citizen" : the controversy over military justice, 1917-1920
Supplementary chapter : Finland in 1900
Law and order in American history
"This collection presents and analyzes inquest records that tell the stories of ordinary Korean people under the Chosŏn court (1392-1910). Extending the study of this period, usually limited to elites, into the realm of everyday life, each inquest record includes a detailed postmortem examination and features testimony from everyone directly or indirectly related to the incident. The result is an amazingly vivid, colloquial account of the vibrant, multifaceted societal and legal cultures of early modern Korea. Sun Joo Kim is the Harvard-Yenching Professor of Korean History at Harvard University. Jungwon Kim is assistant professor of Korean history at Columbia University; 'This book provides an extremely rare view into social interactions among people of quite different classes in Chosŏn Korea. Points of interest abound'--Robert E. Hegel, Washington University, St. Louis; 'This is an important contribution that significantly advances our knowledge of nineteenth-century Korean legal history. The translated cases shine by being able to introduce daily struggles of non-elites and illustrate the complex dynamics of the judiciary system during the last century of the Chosŏn dynasty'--Jisoo Kim, George Washington University"--
Common law marriage : a legal institution for cohabitation
The common law tradition : lawyers, books, and the law
The law of Greco-Roman Egypt in the light of the papyri, 332 B.C.-640 A.D
General principles of law of the Polish People's Republic
The history of law
Russian peasants go to court : legal culture in the countryside 1905-1917
The Palgrave handbook of childhood studies
The tradition and modern transition of Chinese law
The ecclesiastical edicts of the Theodosian code
The reports of Sir John Spelman. Vol. I
Law after revolution : essays on socialist law in honor of Harold J. Berman
Danish law in a European perspective
Abstract: Seven conceptions of liberty.
Legal reform in Korea
Legal philosophy in Finland
Religion in the mirror of law : Eastern European perspectives from the early modern period to 1939
Voltaire and the Calas case
Fanti customary laws: a brief introduction to the principles of the native laws and customs of the Fanti and Akan sections of the Gold Coast, with a selection of cases thereon decided in the law courts
The history of English law before the time of Edward I. Volume 1
Religion, law and the growth of constitutional thought 1150-1650
The study of ancient law has blossomed in recent years. In English alone there have been dozens of studies devoted to classical Greek and Roman law, to the Roman legal codes, and to the legal traditions of the ancient Near East among many other topics. Legal documents written on papyrus began to be published in some abundance by the end of the nineteenth century; but even after substantial publication history, legal papyri have not received due attention from legal historians. This book blends the two usually distinct juristic scholarly traditions, classical and Egyptological, into a coherent presentation of the legal documents from Egypt from the Ptolemaic to the late Byzantine periods, all translated and accompanied by expert commentary. The volume will serve as an introduction to the rich legal sources from Egypt in the later phases of its ancient history as well as a tool to compare legal documents from other cultures.
John Selden and the Norman conquest : Selden Society lecture delivered in the Old Hall of Lincoln's Inn, July 5th, 2010
The holocaust's ghost : writings on art, politics, law and education
Wills in the Roman Empire : a documentary approach
Debating right to asylum : a conceptual and rhetorical reading of the German post-war deliberations
The Supreme Court in American history
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
"Lawyers and Savages explores the rise and fall of legal primitivism, and its connection to the colonial encounter. Nineteenth century legal anthropology - and with it the idea of "primitive law" - was born out of the universalization of the Western legal tradition, and its understanding of history as a civilizing process. And this book demonstrates how this scholarship had a clear impact in legitimating the colonial experience. Through examples such as blood feuds, communalism, ordeals, ritual formalism and polygamy, the book traces the intellectual revolution of legal anthropology. In doing so, however - and beyond the conventional story from Maine to Malinowski - it introduces an American story: as the book details how legal realism drew on anthropology in order to help counter the hypothetical constructs of legal formalism. Finally, this book shows how, despite the explicit rejection, the central themes of primitive law continue to influence current ideas - about indigenous legal systems, but also of the place and role of law in development"--
Ebu's-su'ud : the Islamic legal tradition
Great Britain, British Jews and the international protection of Romanian Jews, 1900-1914 : a study of Jewish diplomacy and minority rights
Today, cohabiting relationships account for most births outside marriage. But what was the situation in earlier centuries? Bringing together leading historians, demographers and lawyers, this interdisciplinary collection draws on a wide range of sources to examine the changing context of non-marital child-bearing in England and Wales since 1600.
The evolution of EU law
The historical roots of European legal culture
Cohabitation and non-marital births in England and Wales, 1600-2012
Legalism : anthropology and history
The history of English law before the time of Edward I. Volume 2
Engendering the global agenda : the story of women and the United Nations
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
American journal of legal history
Violence in America. Vol. 1, History of crime
"The fall and restoration of Elin Tönnesdotter" : land, noble property strategies and the law in early seventeenth-century Sweden
Beyond the "judgement of civilization" : the intellectual legacy of the Japanese war crimes trials, 1946-1949
'We the Judges...' : discovering constitutional Ius Commune Europaeum (January 29, 2009)
Legal history : a European perspective
The growth of the law in medieval Russia
The law in Nazi Germany : ideology, opportunism, and the perversion of justice
Russian law : historical and political perspectives
Using legislative history in American statutory interpretation
Statutory history of the United States : civil rights
A history of Italian law
A history of French public law
Law's fragile state : colonial, authoritarian, and humanitarian legacies in Sudan
An introduction to the history of the land law
Studies in English legal history
The "white terror" in Finland : illustrative documents extracted from the debate on the interpellation in the Finnish Diet, April 30th, 1919.
Tort law in America : an intellectual history
For the common good : the Bohemian land law and the beginning of the Hussite revolution
Cases and materials on conflict of laws
The constitutional history of England : a course of lectures
History and European private law : development of common methods and principles
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-E, Property : legal precedents
The evolution of law and order
Legal realism : American and Scandinavian
"The Chosŏn State (1392-1910) is typically portrayed as a rigid society because of its hereditary status system, slavery, and Confucian gender norms. However, The Emotions of Justice reveals a surprisingly complex picture of a judicial system that operated in a contradictory fashion by discriminating against subjects while simultaneously minimizing such discrimination. Jisoo Kim contends that the state's recognition of wŏn, or the sense of being wronged, permitted subjects of different genders or statuses to interact in the legal realm and in doing so illuminates the intersection of law, emotions, and gender in premodern Korea"--Publisher's website.
Ex oriente lex : Near Eastern influences on ancient Greek and Roman law
American legal history : cases and materials
The project of positivism in international law
Fault in the formation of contract in Roman law and Scots law
Nominalist psychology and the limits of canon law in late medieval Erfurt
A punishment for each criminal : gender and crime in Swedish medieval law
Lawyers and savages : ancient history and legal realism in the making of legal anthropology
The rights of strangers : theories of international hospitality, the global community, and political justice since Vitoria
March. Book 1
Historical studies of Chinese law : a bibliography of materials in Chinese and Japanese published between 1988 and 1994
The order of serjeants at law : a chronicle of creations, with related texts and a historical introduction
The great tradition : constitutional history and national identity in Britain and the United States, 1870-1960
Criminals and their scientists : the history of criminology in international perspective
Ancient Greek arbitration
The law and its traditions
History of public land law development
Crime and punishment in early modern Russia
The law of Athens. [1], The family and property
Collecting English legal manuscripts : Selden Society lecture delivered in the Old Hall of Lincoln's Inn July 7th, 2009
Crime and industrial society in the 19th century
The Greek law of sale
The growth of American law : the law makers
Ancient law : its connection with the early history of society and its relation to modern ideas
The emotions of justice : gender, status, and legal performance in Chosŏn Korea
America and Enlightenment constitutionalism
Foundational texts in modern criminal law
Law before Gratian
Who is responsible? : war crimes in Chechnya
Legal history in the making : proceedings of the Ninth British Legal History Conference, Glasgow 1989
Studies in biblical law
The spirit of the laws : the plunder of wealth in the Armenian genocide
The laws and liberties of Massachusetts : reprinted from the copy of the 1648 edition in the Henry E. Huntington library
The emergence of the legality tradition in Russia 1800-1918
A history of Islamic law
Roman law and english jurisprudence yesterday and today : an inaugural lecture
Law and legal practice in Egypt from Alexander to the Arab conquest : a selection of papyrological sources in translation, with introductions and commentary
Lyttleton, his treatise of tenures
Textbook on Roman law
Contrasts in punishment : an explanation of Anglophone excess and Nordic exceptionalism
A history of American law
Convicts and the colonies : A study of penal transportation from Great Britain and Ireland to Australia and other parts of the British empire
Historical trials
The law of primitive man : a study in comparative legal dynamics
A social history of English law
This work has become a key point of reference on English private law for lawyers in the UK and throughout the world. Readers will find a lucid, concise, and authoritative overview of all the key areas of private law. Each section is written by an acknowledged expert, who provides a clear distillation and analysis of the subject. The 3rd edition includes all the recent developments since the publication of the 2nd edition in 2007.
The ideology of apolitical politics : elite lawyers' response to the legitimation crisis of American capitalism, 1870-1920
The justices of the peace in England 1558 to 1640 : a later Eirenarcha
The historical roots : European legal cultural traditions
The political context of law
The Supreme Court from Taft to Warren
Lawyers and vampires : cultural histories of legal professions
Starting with the first substantial body of primary sources, the epics of Homer and Hesiod in the 7th century, and ending with the fall of Egypt to the Romans in 30BC, this volume describes the development of mediation, arbitration and other ways of resolving disputes, other than litigation.
Legal transplants : an approach to comparative law
Witchcraft and folk belief in the age of enlightenment : Scotland 1670-1740
Lord Mansfield : justice in the age of reason
An endeavor by Harlem dancers to achieve equality : the recognition of the Harlem-based African-American jazz dance between 1921 and 1943
Dred Scott's revenge : a legal history of race and freedom in America
Writing the history of crime
Wrongful deaths : selected inquest records from nineteenth-century Korea
Interest in contemporary slavery has increased dramatically over the last ten years, but there remains a widespread tendency to view slavery in the past and slavery in current society as independent fields of study. This book provides a comparative analysis of historical slave systems and modern forms of human bondage. From this standpoint, recent concerns over human trafficking, debt-bondage, child labor and other related problems are analyzed in view of the historical strengths and weaknesses of the legal abolition of slavery. By bringing together a range of studies on different aspects of slavery, both past and present, this book provides a platform for promoting dialogue about ways of addressing both contemporary slavery and the enduring legacies of historical slave systems.--Publisher's description.
A world view of criminal justice
Reforms and attemps to reform civil procedure in nineteenth century Finland
This book presents research on the history of criminology from the late eighteenth to the mid-twentieth century in Western Europe (Austria, Britain, France, Germany, Italy) and in Argentina, Australia, Japan, and the United States. Approaching the history of criminology as a history of science and practice, the essays examine the discourse on crime and criminals that surfaced as part of different discourses and practices, including the activities of the police and the courts, parliamentary debates, media reports, as well as the writings of moral statisticians, jurists, and medical doctors. In addition, the book seeks to elucidate the relationship between criminological discourse and politics, society, and culture by providing a comparative study of the worldwide reception of Cesare Lombroso's criminal-anthropological ideas, the book seeks to elucidate the relationship between criminological discourse and politics, society, and culture.
Fundamental law in English constitutional history
Ancient law : its connection with the early history of society, and its relation to modern ideas
Rural women, inheritance, and equality in the Finnish history of law
On the origins of the European legal order
Ancient Roman lawyers and modern legal ideals : studies on the impact of contemporary concerns in the interpretation of ancient Roman legal history
The reports of Sir John Spelman. Vol. II
An Australian legal history
Unfinished business : a comparative survey of historical and contemporary slavery
Family law and the poor : essays
Introduction to Italian law
An officer and a spy
The power of book : medial approaches to medieval Nordic legal manuscripts
The present book deals with the testamentary practice as seen through papyri, tablets, doctrinal and literary sources, manuscript tradition, etc. mostly in the period after the constitutio Antoniniana. The aim of Wills in the Roman empire: a documentary approach is to reconstruct how people applied law and how testamentary practice looked like in everyday life: how wills were made and opened, what was the meaning of particular dispositions. These questions constitute a part of a wider discussion concerning the level of knowledge and application of Roman law in the provinces after the edict of Caracalla. The book is supplemented with four Appendices, where all wills from the Hellenistic, Roman, and Byzantine periods are collected for the first time in scholarly literature.
Islamic law : theory and practice
Straws in the wind : medieval urban environmental law : the case of northern Italy
The laws of late medieval Italy (1000-1500) : foundations for a European legal system
"In these pages, French medievalist Franck Collard examines the perception of the crime of poisoning in the West from about 500 to 1500. His primary sources of information are chronicles that cover the entire medieval period and legal texts that are limited to the late medieval centuries. In order to portray the "culture" of murder by poisoning in the West, he takes into account Byzantine and Islamic documents, as well as ancient texts such as the Scriptures and the writings of Roman historians, both of which were widely known in the Middle Ages." "The resulting volume is concerned with the criminal actions that involve poison and not poison as such. Poisonous substances as such are described only when necessary for an understanding of a crime. What is important here is an examination of the ways the alleged crime was perceived in contemporary minds. Poisoning avoids the use of violence. It was committed without a drawn weapon or bloodshed in a world in which wounds, swords, knives, and clubs represented aggression and in which the flow of blood determined the gravity of the crime. Necessarily involving preparation and secrecy, it was often perpetrated treacherously during a meal, a particularly heinous act in a universe that was united by the companionship of a meal and the sociability of drinking. The special horror associated with poisoning resulted from the treachery of those close to the victim - and a sudden death that prevented a final confession of sins."--BOOK JACKET.
A modern legal history of England and Wales 1750-1950
A history of public administration. Vol. 2, From the eleventh century to the present day
Construction of gendered legal personhood in the history of Finnish law
The legal system of the People's Republic of China in a nutshell
The History of Danish Law : selected articles and bibliography
