http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7483 cooperativity
cooperativity
eHealth roadmap - Finland
Collaborative learning with users as an enabler of service innovation
Education in 3D virtual learning environment : case Virtual-Mustiala
Hands all around : making cooperative quilts
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
Learning to participate:participating to learn in science and mathematics classrooms
Interaction in online learning environments : how to support collaborative activities in higher education settings
Activity theory in practice : promoting learning across boundaries and agencies
The changing role of the teacher
Designing and investigating pedagogical scripts to facilitate computer-supported collaborative learning
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Confluencing for Academic Knowledge - Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
Writing hypertext and learning : conceptual and empirical approaches
Classroom discourse and democracy : making meanings together
Information processing view on collaborative risk management practices in project networks
Network society and future scenarios for a collaborative economy
Learning to participate : participating to learn in science and mathematics classrooms
Managing integrated care for older persons : European perspectives and good practices
Motivated and self-regulated learning of adult learners in a collective online environment
Collaborative branding
Distributed leadership in practice
Learning across levels : challenges of collaboration in a small-firm network
Designing learning tools : methodological insights
Collaborative manufacturing : using real-time information to support the supply chain
Collaborative teaching in elementary schools : making the co-teaching marriage work!
Nurses' collegiality in the operation units 1 and 2 in the Central Hospital of Central Finland
Teamwork in operation room nursing : conceptual perspective and Finnish, British and American nurses' and nursing students' experiences
Negotiating and renegotiating conversational ground rules : formation of an artifact designed to mediate exploratory collaboration
Collaborative writing in L2 classrooms
Lessons learned from the 1997-98 El Niño : once burned, twice shy?
Collaborative practitioners, collaborative schools
In higher music education, learning in social settings (orchestras, choirs, bands, chamber music and so on) is prevalent, yet understanding of such learning rests heavily on the transmission of knowledge and skill from master to apprentice. This narrow view of learning trajectories pervades in both one-to-one and one-to-many contexts. This is surprising given the growing body of knowledge about the power of collaborative learning in general, underpinned by theoretical developments in educational psychology: the social dimensions of learning, situational learning and concepts of communities of learners. Collaborative Learning in Higher Music Education seeks to respond to the challenge of becoming more conscious of the creative and multiple dimensions of social interaction in learning music, in contexts ranging from interdisciplinary projects to one-to-one tuition, and not least in the contemporary context of rapid change in the cultural industries and higher education as a whole. It brings together theoretical papers and case studies of practice. Themes covered include collaborative creativity, communities of practice, peer-learning, co-teaching as co-learning, assessment and curriculum structures. Chapters illuminate reasons for enabling collaborative learning, and provide exemplars of innovative practice and designs for collaborative learning environments in higher music education. A central purpose of the book is to scaffold change, to help in meeting the rapid changes in society and to find constructive stepping stones or signposts for teachers and students.
The encyclopedia of icebreakers : structured activities that warm-up, motivate, challenge, acquaint and energize
Cooperation without trust?
Information design
The aim of this book is not to provide yet another critique of capitalism but rather to contribute to the ongoing dialogue for post-capitalist construction, and to discuss how another world could be possible. It builds on the idea that peer-to-peer infrastructures are gradually becoming the general conditions of work, economy, and society, considering peer production as a social advancement within capitalism but with various post-capitalistic aspects in need of protection, enforcement, stimulation and connection with progressive social movements. Using a four-scenario approach, the authors seek to simplify possible outcomes and to explore relevant trajectories of the current techno-economic paradigm within and beyond capitalism. They postulate that the mature peer production communities pose a sustainable alternative to capital accumulation, that of the circulation of the Commons. They make some tentative transition proposals towards a Commons-based economy and society for the state, the market and the civic domain.--Provided by publisher.
The equitable forest : diversity, community, and resource management
Teacher action research : building knowledge democracies
An exploration of principals' and teachers' perception of teacher leadership in Finland : the case of four upper secondary schools in Jyväskylä
Benefit-oriented socially engaged art : two cases of social work experiment :  lektio
Theory and research on small groups
It takes a village : a collaborative assault on the struggling reader dilemma : one school of education's approach to preparing effective reading teachers while addressing issues related to readers who struggle and parental inclusion
Designing for virtual communities in the service of learning
The philosophy of action : an introduction
Teaching and learning in public : professional development through shared inquiry
Abstract: The formation of nursing students' conception of nursing during nurse education.
Abstract: Patient initiatives in psychiatric nursing in a hospital environment.
Summary.
Character-building activities : teaching responsibility, interaction, and group dynamics
Summary: Wholehearted and purposefully : sketching conceptual framework of project work.
Towards immersive user-friendly future  learning spaces in education
Benefit-oriented socially engaged art : two cases of social work experiment
Leonardo's vision : a guide to collective thinking and action
Large engineering projects are executed by a network of heterogeneous organisations. In order to be effective, risk management in large engineering projects needs to take the perspective of the entire project network instead of focusing on risk management practices of single actors. Contextual factors such as complexity of the project network and the challenging institutional environment pose additional challenges to risk management. The purpose of this study is to increase the understanding of the sources of risks in engineering project networks and the role of risk sources in determining risk management practices. The perspective of information processing theory is used. The role of equivocality and uncertainty as organisations’ rationales for processing information is examined to gain new insights into the selection of appropriate risk management practices. Literature introduces relational contracting as a response to the need for collaboration in project networks. In this study collaborative risk management practices in the workshop-type meeting and in the project alliance were studied. A qualitative research method was employed to study the nature of risk sources, the role of risk sources in determining risk management practices and collaborative risk management practices.The results of this study enhance the understanding of the nature of risks in engineering project networks. The current project risk management literature proposes that contextual factors related to technology, organising projects and environment increase uncertainty in projects. This study shows that it is relevant to categorise risk sources based on their contingency factors related to uncertainty (lack of information) and to equivocality (the existence of multiple interpretations). It is shown how risk sources impact the selection of project risk management practices. Collaborative risk mana gement practices of workshop-type meeting and project alliance are depicted.Project-based companies and organisations executing investment projects can benefit from the results of this study. This study can guide managers when developing practices to enhance risk management. This study shows how informal risk management practices should be considered in addition to the traditional formal risk management practices, particularly in cases when projects confront situations of equivocality.
The Wiki way : quick collaboration on the Web
Abstract: Interpretations of sustainability in the collaborative practices of the Forestry Centre.
Parenting the touchscreen natives : dilemma with guidelines, content, and context
Collaborative consultation in the schools : effective practices for students with learning and behavior problems
Social interaction in learning and instruction : the meaning of discourse for the construction of knowledge
Think like a commoner : a short introduction to the life of the commons
Collaborative learning in higher music education
