http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7485 sociology of education
sociology of education
Effective education for all : implementing positive behavior support in early childhood through high school
Landscapes of specific literacies in contemporary society : exploring a social model of literacy
Educational theories, cultures, and learning : a critical perspective
Engaging minds : cultures of education and practices of teaching
Education and social change in China : inequality in a market economy
Multicultural education as an educational response to the increase in immigration in Finland
University and culture : a phenomenological analysis of formal and informal discourse on education and research at universities in Sweden and China
Education in Finland
International struggles for critical democratic education
The educated subject and the German concept of Bildung : a comparative cultural history
Class, codes and control. 3, Towards a theory of educational transmissions
The hope for audacity : Public identity and equity action in education
Abstract.
Over the last 20 years, international attempts to raise educational standards and improve opportunities for all children have accelerated and proliferated. This has generated a state of constant change and an unrelenting flood of initiatives, changes and reforms that need to be ‘implemented’ by schools. In response to this, a great deal of attention has been given to evaluating ‘how well’ policies are realised in practice – implemented! Less attention has been paid to understanding how schools actually deal with these multiple, and sometimes contradictory, policy demands; creatively working to interpret policy texts and translate these into practices, in real material conditions and varying resources – how they are enacted! Based on a long-term qualitative study of four ‘ordinary’ secondary schools, and working on the interface of theory with data, this book explores how schools enact, rather than implement, policy. It focuses on: contexts of ‘policy work’ in schools; teachers as policy subjects; teachers as policy actors; policy texts, artefacts and events; standards, behaviour and learning policies. This book offers an original and very grounded analysis of how schools and teachers do policy. It will be of interest to undergraduate and postgraduate students of education, education policy and social policy, as well as school leaders, in the UK and beyond.
How Universities Can Help Create a Wiser World: The Urgent Need for an Academic Revolution In order to make progress towards a better world we need to learn how to do it. And for that we need institutions of learning rationally designed and devoted to helping us solve our global problems, make progress towards a better world. It is just this that we lack at present. Our universities pursue knowledge. They are neither designed nor devoted to helping humanity learn how to tackle global problems -- problems of living -- in more intelligent, humane and effective ways. That, this book argues, is the key disaster of our times, the crisis behind all the others: our failure to have developed our institutions of learning so that they are rationally organized to help us solve our problems of living -- above all, our global problems. Having universities devoted almost exclusively to the pursuit of knowledge is a recipe for disaster. Scientific knowledge and technological know-how have unquestionably brought great benefits to humanity. But they have also made possible -- even caused -- our current global crises, above all the impending crisis of global warming. In this lucid and provocative book, Nicholas Maxwell argues convincingly that we need urgently to bring about a revolution in universities round the world so that their basic aim becomes wisdom, and not just knowledge.
Routledge handbook of the sociology of higher education
The limits and possibilities of schooling : an introduction to the sociology of education
Divide and school : gender and class dynamics in comprehensive education
Limits of meritocracy : how fields of study and gender segregation affect social stratification in Finland
Schools and societies
Education and the social condition
The Single Market for Education and National Educational Policy : Europeanisation of Finnish education policy discourses 1987-1997 ; Aaro Ollikainen
Becoming educated
Investment in learning : the individual and social value of American higher education
Testing regimes, accountabilities and education policy
Implementing educational reform : sociological perspectives on educational policy
Public policy in a divided society : schooling, culture, and identity in Northern Ireland
Families and the social space of school choice in urban Finland
Intercultural competence in education : alternative approaches for different times
The sociology of education
A sociology of special education
This book explores the concept of intercultural competence, focusing specifically on education. Intercultural competence can vary depending on the field of research or the context of application and has therefore developed over recent decades. As the world becomes increasingly global intercultural competence has become even more important but it is still not practiced satisfactorily. This book highlights views which are at odds with official and orthodox positions on intercultural competence to encourage fresh approaches to intercultural competence. It will be invaluable for researchers, practitioners and students interested in the global possibilities of education. .
The unequal elites
New curriculum history
Contrasting dynamics in education politics of extremes : school choice in Chile and Finland
What’s happened to the university? : a sociological exploration of its infantilisation
University research performance : influence of funding competition, policy steering and micro-level factors
Japan's high schools
Universities and research : observations on the United States and Sweden
The Student-Physician : introductory studies in the sociology of medical education
Cultural and economic reproduction in education : essays on class, ideology and the state
The schooled society : the educational transformation of global culture
Researching the political effects of quality assurance and evaluation in education - reflections on some comparative issues in sociology and the politics of education in the audit society
An introduction to the sociology of learning
Achieving schooling for all in Africa : costs, commitment, and gender
Educational choices of the future : a sociological inquiry into micro-politics in education
"The future is not what it appears to be" : pedagogy, genealogy and political epistemology : in honor and in memory of Kenneth Hultqvist
Sociology of education : a critical reader
Problems of sociology in education
Redefining teacher development
Education, professionalization, and social representations : on the transformation of social knowledge
Education governance and social integration and exclusion : studies in the powers of reason and the reasons of power : a report from the EGSIE project
Democracy, lifelong learning and the learning society : active citizenship in a late modern age
Changing practices, changing education
Education, state and crisis : a Marxist perspective
A larger sense of purpose : higher education and society
Education and society : a sociology of African education
Nurturing social capital in excluded communities : a kind of higher education
Education and social change : contours in the history of American schooling
School and society
Class strategies and the education market : the middle classes and social advantage
Sociology and education : issues in sociology of education
The SAGE handbook of sociology
Summary: "Chinese Student Migration, Gender and Family is a study of the sons and daughters of Chinese single-child families who go abroad to study and in particular explores the increase of familial investment in daughters' education within the wider socio-moral transformation of China. The relationships of support in the family are renegotiated, and lines of generational and gendered power are changing. While this generation of young women have been raised in an environment that fosters individual achievement and competition, they must eventually find their place in the marriage and job markets that are highly gendered. Women are directed towards less demanding career paths and are wary of becoming 'too successful' to marry. Both female and male student migrants draw from their cosmopolitan experiences and resources when negotiating these tensions. Through their individual journeys of migration, they are at the forefront of the current transformation of the Chinese symbolic markets"--.
Forgotten connections : on culture and upbringing
Politics and policy making in education : explorations in policy sociology
Education, change, and society : a sociology of Canadian education
Policy as practice : toward a comparative sociocultural analysis of educational policy
British journal of sociology of education
Voicing concerns : sociological perspectives on contemporary education reforms
To educate, empower or economise? : lifelong learning in civil society organisations : a comparative study of Finland and Great Britain
Educational sociology : a study in child, youth, school, and community
Making sense of school choice : politics, policies and practice under conditions of cultural diversity
"This reader is designed to present a broad introduction to the field of Sociology of Education. It is geared toward upper-level undergraduate and beginning level graduate courses in Sociology of Education, Foundations of Education, and related courses. It may be used as a text by itself or as a supplement to another text. Articles have been selected based on the following criteria: 1.) Articles that illustrate a broad range of theoretical perspectives, major concepts, and current issues. 2.) Articles that provide a level of reading and sophistication appropriate to upper-level students. 3.) Articles from a wide range of respected sources. 4.) Inclusion of both classic and contemporary sociologists' work in order to provide an excellent balance"--Provided by publisher.
Re-becoming universities? : higher education institutions in networked knowledge societies
Contemporary debates in the sociology of education
Toward digital equity : bridging the divide in education
Comparative perspectives on universities
On Education : conversations with Riccardo Mazzeo
Teaching the commons : place, pride, and the renewal of community
Sociology of higher education : contributions and their contexts
The credential society : an historical sociology of education and stratification
Why knowledge matters in curriculum : a social realist argument
How schools do policy : policy enactments in secondary schools
Understanding education : a sociological perspective
Trading in futures : why markets in education don't work
Critical ethnicity : countering the waves of identity politics
Social class and education : global perspectives
Against schooling : toward an education that matters
Making the difference : schools, families and social division
Ancient cultures of conceit : British university fiction in the post-war years
The economics of education
Higher education in American society
The blinding darkness of the enlightenment : towards the understanding of post state-socialist higher education in Eastern Europe
Drawing on a range of theoretical perspectives and engaging with new empirical evidence from around the world, this collection examines how privilege, agency and affect are linked, and where possibilities for social change might lie.
The structure of schooling : readings in the sociology of education
Klaus Mollenhauer's Forgotten Connections: On Culture and Upbringing is internationally regarded as one of the most important German contributions to educational and curriculum theory in the 20th century. Appearing here in English for the first time, the book draws on Mollenhauer's concern for social justice and his profound awareness of the pedagogical tension between the inheritance of the past and the promise of the future. The book focuses on the idea of Bildung, in which philosophy and education come together to see upbringing and maturation as being much more about holistic experience than skill development. This translation includes a detailed introduction from Norm Friesen, the book's translator and editor. This introduction contextualizes the original publication and discusses its application to education today. Although Mollenhauer's work focused on content and culture, particularly from a German perspective, this book draws on philosophy and sociology to offer internationally relevant responses to the challenge of communicating cultural values and understandings to new generations. Forgotten Connections will be of value to students, researchers and practitioners working in the fields of education and culture, curriculum studies, and in educational and social foundations.
Chinese student migration, gender and family
The last good job in America : work and education in the new global technoculture
Education governance and social integration and exclusion : national cases of educational systems and recent reforms
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Improving school attendance
Women in higher education, 1850-1970 : international perspectives
Culture and schooling : building bridges between research, praxis and professionalism
Globalisation, lifelong learning and the learning society : sociological perspectives
The politics, sociology and economics of education : interdisciplinary and comparative perspectives
Gender, "race" and class in schooling : a new introduction
Diverse routes from school, via higher education, to employment : a comparison of nine European countries
Privilege, agency and affect : understanding the production and effects of action
Globalization, education and social justice
Journey of the phoenix : overseas study and women's changing position in China
Joel Spring's American Education introduces readers to the historical, political, social, and legal foundations of education and to the profession of teaching in the United States. In his signature straightforward and concise approach to describing complex issues, Spring illuminates events and topics and that are often overlooked or whitewashed, giving students the opportunity to engage in critical thinking about education. In this edition he looks closely at the global context of education in the U.S. Featuring current information and challenging perspectives―with scholarship that is often cited as a primary source, students will come away from this clear, authoritative text informed on the latest topics, issues, and data and with a strong knowledge of the forces shaping of the American educational system. Changes in the 17th Edition include new and updated material and statistics on economic theories related to "skills" education and employability, the conflict between a skills approach and cultural diversity, political differences regarding education among the Republican, Democratic, Libertarian and Green parties, social mobility and equality of opportunity as related to schooling, global migration and student diversity in US schools, charter schools and home schooling.
What counts as literacy : challenging the school standard
The future of higher education
Critical issues in education : dialogues and dialectics
American education
Social cartography : mapping ways of seeing social and educational change
Evaluating the strategic objectives of Cameroonian higher education : an application of the balanced scorecard
Rationing education : policy, practice, reform, and equity
The teacher's attention : why our kids must and can get smaller schools and classes
Schools and society : a sociological approach to education
Life in schools : an introduction to critical pedagogy in the foundations of education
Social objectives in educational planning
Qualitative research methods in education. Vol. 3, Key substantive fields and topics of inquiry in qualitative research in education
English summary.
Hegemony and education under neoliberalism : insights from Gramsci
The McDonaldization of higher education
Student involvement and academic outcomes : implications for diverse college student populations
Education, equality and society
Schooling in changing societies : historical and comparative perspectives
Social origins of educational systems
The sociology of higher education : reproduction, transformation and change in a global era
Researching education policy : ethical and methodological issues
How universities can help create a wiser world : the urgent need for an academic revolution
School sucks! : arguments for alternative education
