http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7493 cultural research
cultural research cultural studies
Always Coming Home
Inescapable horizon : culture and context
The scholar and the state : fiction as political discourse in late imperial China
The cultural turn : scene-setting essays on contemporary cultural theory
Media and cultural studies: keyworks
States of emergency : the object of American studies
Comparisons and contexts : essays on Central-Eastern European literature and culture
The end of the West and other cautionary tales
The landscape has played - and continues to play - an important role in the process of constructing a national identity in Finland. In this process, certain areas and views, whether real or imaginary, are designated as vital symbols of the national culture. The landscape is not merely an image, a map or a view of the existing motherland, however. It is also a part of the nation's history, which is marked in the landscape in the form of significant buildings and monuments to historical events, so that the past may be seen as forming an unbroken continuum with the present. Work is constantly going on to maintain and renew the national traditions of landscape description. This means that whatever its age and nostalgic associations, the landscape is an integral part of our present-day lives. The images, maps, and discourses associated with the landscape may have altered in the course of time, and even the physical areas or views may have been replaced with new ones, but the ideal of a Finnish landscape has persisted. The signs and significations attached to it thus remain a powerful part of our national culture.
What more can we do? : developing a multicultural action plan for the Girls' House, a meeting place for girls and young women in Helsinki
Fashioning history : current practices and principles
The point of theory : practices of cultural analysis
Method and theory in religious studies : retrospect and prognostications
The artificial body in fashion and art : marionettes, models and mannequins
Latitude : university of Lapland magazine
Heritage, collective and individual memory in Kate Atkinson's Behind the scenes at the museum
From mystery to spectacle : essays on death in Serbia from the 19th-21st century
CROSS-CULTURAL DIFFERENCES OF LEADERS : The Perception of the Chinese Working in Finland
Cultural crisis and prerequisites for cultural rebirth
Japanese anthropologists and Malaysian society : contributions to Malaysian ethnography
International Club at Savonia UAS
Key concepts in communication and cultural studies
Reinventing sound : music and audiovisual culture
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
The ends of the 60s : performance, media and contemporary culture
This volume demonstrates a new approach to cultural history, as it now being practiced by both historians and musicologists, in their quest to grasp the realms of human experience understanding, communication and meaning through the study of music and of musical practices.
"Reindeer theft"? : notes on how a culture is put at odds with itself
Cultural perspectives on higher education
David Bell and Kate Oakley survey the major debates emerging in cultural policy research, adopting an approach based on spatial scale to explore cultural policy in cities, nations and internationally. They contextualise these discussions with an exploration of what both 'culture' and 'policy' mean when they are joined together as cultural policy. Drawing on topical examples and contemporary research, as well as their own experience in both academia and in consultancy, Bell and Oakley urge readers to think critically about the project of cultural policy as it is currently being played out around the world. Cultural Policy is a comprehensive and readable book that provides a lively, up-to-date overview of key debates in cultural policy, making it ideal for students of media and cultural studies, creative and cultural industries, and arts management.
Reading Freud : psychoanalysis as cultural theory
Why cultural studies?
Contradiction, emancipation and multiculturalism after the 22nd of July 2011.
Opportunities for ethnology in Finnish migration research : two pilot projects
Gender perspectives on Hungarian and Finnish culture : proceedings of the workshop Gender issues in contemporary Finno-Ugric cultures at the University of Groningen, June 3-4, 2010
What is cultural studies anyway?
The ecology of attention
The imaginary as a critical concept originated in the twentieth century and has been theorized in diverse ways. It can be understood as a register of thought; the way we interpret the world; the universe of images, signs, texts, and objects of thought. In this volume, it is explored as it manifests itself in encounters between the verbal and the visual. A number of the essays brought together here explore the transposition of the imaginary in illustrations of texts and verbal renditions of images, as well as in comic books based on paintings or on verbal narratives. Others analyze ways in which books deal with film or television and investigate the imaginary in digital media. Special attention is paid to the imaginary of places and the relationship of the imaginary with memory. Written in English and French, these contributions by European and American scholars demonstrate the various concerns and approaches characteristic of contemporary scholarship in word and image studies.
Social and cultural change : making space(s) for leisure and tourism
Finland, cultural lone wolf
This thesis topic was chosen because of the gap of research conducted in the field of Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute. Intercultural Intelligence itself is not a new field of study though it has many other names such as Intercultural competence. The author, coming from Northern Europe, a very direct and open culture uses an Indonesian Life-Sciences Institute as a case company where management comes from both Western and Asian cultures and observes the implications of such combination. This papers purpose is to give an answer to what is intercultural intelligence in the start up of a life sciences institute. The research was interested of the role of intercultural intelligence in leading life-sciences start-ups and that also became the primary research question. It takes a look into what is leadership, inter- and intra-culture, what are life-sciences and how they differ from medical studies and what is start-up and how to combine the theory into practice. Methodology used in this paper was conveyed by interviews, research by journal articles and observation in the case The case company Indonesia International Institute for Life-Sciences was founded 12.09.2012 with close collaboration with Karolinska Institutet in Sweden. Indonesia is a developing country where the culture differs a lot from Sweden and the Scandinavian region and in order to form a strong relationship between the institutions many factors need to be taken into consideration. Indonesia Institute for Life-Sciences is founded by an Indonesian company called Kalbe Corporation The findings of this paper were that Intercultural Intelligence is a very important part to take into consideration when dealing with different cultures and some cultures are more sensitive than the others. In order to secure smooth collaboration home and host country members have to be aware of the possibility of conflicts in order to be ableto avoid them and make the most out of the collaboration. This paper serves people in the Life-Sciences field who are in touch with intercultural issues and work with newly founded projects. In depth research is needed since the scope and time restrictions of this research were present and further studies are required.
Cultural selection
Back to reality? : social experience and cultural studies
An introduction to Southeast Asian studies
Partisans in Yugoslavia : literature, film and visual culture
Education and cultural studies : toward a performative practice
Introduction to media studies
The enlightenment : a brief history with documents
Bringing it all back home : essays on cultural studies
"Mere clothing is transformed into desirable fashion by the way it is represented in imagery. Fashion's Double examines how meanings are projected onto garments through their representation, whether in painting, photography, cinema or online fashion film, conveying identity and status, eliciting fascination and desire. With in-depth case studies including the film and photography of Nick Knight, Helmut Lang and Terry Richardson, film examples including Pret-a-Porter, music video 'Girl Panic' by Duran Duran and much more, the book analyses the interrelationship between clothing, identity, embodiment and self-representation. Accessibly written for students and scholars, Fashion's Double will appeal to anyone studying fashion, cultural studies, art theory and history, photography and sociology"--
Heritage has burgeoned over the past quarter of a century from a small elite preoccupation into a major popular crusade. Everything from Disneyland to the Holocaust Museum, from the Balkan wars to the Northern Irish troubles, from Elvis memorabilia to the Elgin Marbles bears the marks of the cult of heritage. In this acclaimed 1998 book David Lowenthal explains the rise of this obsession with the past and examines its power for both good and evil.
Analysis of Japanese and Finnish furniture design : a consideration for product identity and the relativity of industrial development and culltural context
Estetyczne aspekty literatury polskich, białoruskich i litewskich Tatarów (od XVI do XXI w.) = Aesthetic aspects of the literature of Polish, Belarusian and Lithuanian Tatars (from the 16th to the 21st century) = Èstetičeskie aspekty literatury pol'skih, belorusskih i litovskih tatar (XVI–XXI vv.)
The gift of good land : further essays cultural and agricultural
Re-articulating information society discourse(s) : a cultural studies approach to postcolonial locale(s)
Digital futures for cultural and media studies
Design and Culture : the journal of the design studies forum
Culture's Effect on Communication in a Hotel Reception
Marxism and "primitive" societies : two studies
The logic of the cultural sciences : five studies
The periphery viewing the world : selected papers from the Fourth International Conference of the Hellenic Association for the Study of English ; Edited by Christina Dokou, Efterpi Mitsi, Bessie Mitsikopoulou
Fashion's double : representations of fashion in painting, photography and film
Field work : sites in literary and cultural studies
Cross-Cultural Psychology is a leading textbook offering senior undergraduate and graduate students a thorough and balanced overview of the whole field of cross-cultural psychology. The team of internationally acclaimed authors present the latest empirical research, theory, methodology and applications from around the world. They discuss all domains of behavior (including development, social behavior, personality, cognition, psycholinguistics, emotion and perception), and present the three main approaches in cross-cultural psychology (cultural, culture-comparative, and indigenous traditions) as well as applications to a number of domains (including acculturation, intercultural relations and communication, work and health). With new additions to the writing team, the third edition benefits from an even broader range of cross-cultural perspectives. Now in 2-colour, the format is even more reader-friendly and the features include chapter outlines, chapter summaries, further reading and an updated glossary of key terms. This edition also offers an accompanying website containing additional material and weblinks.
Pedagogies of media and information literacies
The polemics of imagination : selected essays on art, culture and society
Funk the erotic : transaesthetics and black sexual cultures
Entrepreneurship research in Europe : outcomes and perspectives
Intercultural intelligence in the start-up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Is rock dead?
In most Western developed countries, adult life is increasingly organized on the basis of short-term work contracts and reduced social security funds. In this context it seems that producing efficient job-seekers and employees becomes the main aim of educational programs for the next generation. Through case studies of young people from urban and countryside marginalized populations in Germany, USA and Brazil, this book investigates emerging educational practices and takes a critical stance towards what can be seen as neoliberal educational politics. It investigates how mediating devices such as CVs, school reports, school files, photos and narratives shape the ways in which those marginalized students reflect about their past as well as imagine their future. By building on process philosophy and time theory, post-structuralism, as well as on Vygotsky's psychological theory, the analysis differentiates between two discrete modes of human development: development of concrete skills (potential development) and development of new societal relations (virtual development, which is at the same time individual and collective). The book outlines an innovative relational account of learning and human development which can prove of particular importance for the education of marginalized students in today's globalized world.
Body, epistemology, interpretation : Friedrich Nietzsche and Karl Kerényi
Using Estonian/American Based Culture Models For Multicultural Studies. An Innovative Approach To Studying The Multi-cultural, Multi-ethnic Experience
Funk. It is a multisensory and multidimensional philosophy used in conjunction with the erotic, eroticism, and black erotica. And it is the affect that shapes film, performance, sound, food, technology, drugs, energy, time, and the seeds of revolutionary ideas for black movements. L. H. Stallings uses funk in all its iterations to highlight the importance of the erotic and eroticism in black cultural and political movements. Brandishing funk as a theoretical tool, Stallings argues that Western theories of the erotic fail as universally applicable terms or philosophies, and thus lack utility in discussions of black bodies, subjects, and culture. In considering the Victorian concept of freak in black funk, Stallings proposes that black artists across all media have fashioned a tradition that embraces the superfreak, sexual guerrilla, sexual magic, mama's porn, black trans narratives, and sex work in a post-human subject position. Their goal: to ensure survival and evolution in a world that exploits black bodies in capitalist endeavors, imperialism, and colonization.
Hip hop matters : politics, pop culture, and the struggle for the soul of a movement
Rethinking politics for the knowledge society : anthropology and cultural studies, psychology and educational sciences & economic theories and practices
Steampunk : an illustrated history of fantastical fiction, fanciful film and other Victorian visions
China and Europe - images and influences in sixteenth to eighteenth centuries
Neoliberalism, pedagogy, and human development  : exploring time, mediation and collectivity in contemporary schools
The Japan we never knew : a journey of discovery
The study of South Asia between antiquity and modernity : parallels and comparisons, Coffee Break Conference 2
The heritage crusade and the spoils of history
Cultural Differences between Finnish and Japanese Cultures - Enhancing Active Project’s Design Management
Postcolonial studies meets media studies : a critical encounter
Culture and cultural development are now internationally recognised as important dimensions of contemporary governance and public policy. The production of accurate and relevant data has become central to cultural policy and how the cultural lives of citizens are understood. Conceptual and practical developments in measurement tools, such as cultural indicators, have the potential to enrich our understanding of culture's role in wellbeing, vitality and citizenship. From UNESCO's benchmarks for cultural freedom to comparative measures of provision and creative cities indices, diverse approaches to quantifying culture and tracking progress now exist. But how useful are all these measures? Are they helping us to keep track of what matters? What opportunities exist to contest, refine or democratise these systems of measurement? Making culture count brings together diverse perspectives from scholars, policy-makers and creative practitioners to explore the burgeoning field of cultural measurement and its political implications.
"The End of the West is an interdisciplinary work that broaches the problem of Western ethnocentrism in contemporary social and political theory. More specifically, this book critically addresses what has recently been called the 'end' of the West in many contemporary public discourses. Meighoo argues that although this claim might appear to challenge the teleological conception implied in 'the West,' it only entrenches this concept further insofar as it presumes that there is a 'West' to begin with. This teleological concept of the West is based on the idea of a continuous tradition extending all the way from ancient Greece to modern Europe and its colonial settlements, a tradition that is distinguished from all non-Western traditions by its guiding principles of reason, progress, and freedom--a tradition, however, that is finally approaching its end, for better or worse. What the author is arguing, then, is that even the most anti-ethnocentric discourses on the end of the West continue to rely on the intrinsically ethnocentric concept of the West itself. The book thus promises to make a substantial contribution as well as a timely intervention into the academic fields of postcolonial theory, continental philosophy, cultural studies, and the history of ideas. The fields of postcolonial theory and continental philosophy in particular have been marked by a radical interrogation of Western ethnocentrism, racism, and colonialism. The book offers a critique not only of teleology but also of 'negative teleology.' For whether the West is hailed as the source of all historical progress or exposed as the root of all cultural imperialism, the discourse of negative teleology ultimately reaffirms the ethnocentrism that it is meant to overcome"--Provided by publisher.
Racial feelings : Asian America in a capitalist culture of emotion
Slavic culture : proceedings of the first symposium on Slavic culture, University of the Witwatersrand, 23 24 September, 1982
Romanticism, enthusiasm and regulation : poetics and the policy of culture in the romantic period
Finding a right way to communicate : evaluation of communication practices in a multicultural project
Cultural Chameleons and Teamwork Terminators − Promoting Intercultural Management in the Baltic Sea Region PIM 2009 as Intercultural Teamwork
Notes towards the definition of culture
Expatriation and Cross Cultural Training
Session abstracts
What is cultural history?
Sexually transmitted diseases : knowledge base and attitudes of young adults in an institute of higher education about sexually transmitted diseases, Finland
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
The Sage handbook of cultural sociology
The fertile imagination : narratives of reproduction
Comparison of Finnish and Spanish business cultures
Parallax : a journal of metadiscursive theory and cultural practices
Affective methodologies : developing cultural research strategies for the study of affect
Cultural theory : the key concepts
Purnell's model for cultural competence in transcultural research : a literature review
The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication constitutes a comprehensive introduction to the multidisciplinary field of intercultural communication, drawing on the expertise of leading scholars from diverse backgrounds. The Handbook is structured in five sections and covers historical perspectives, core issues and topics, and new debates in the field, with a particular focus on the language dimension. Among the key themes addressed are: the foundation of intercultural communication; core themes and issues; putting intercultural communication theory into practice; new debates and future directions. The Handbook includes an introduction and overview by the editor, which provides readers with an indication of the focus of each section and chapter. The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication is the ideal resource for advanced undergraduates and postgraduate students of applied linguistics, TESOL/TEFL and communication studies.
On the ethnology of Nepal and way of life of prominent Nepalese ethnic population; a study.
Attitudes towards suicide among Master's degree students : a cross-cultural comparison between China and Finland
Dialogic methodology and the dialogic space created after an interview
Critique of everything
Vintage Singapore : souvenirs from the recent past
New studies in modern Russian literature and culture : essays in honor of Stanley J. Rabinowitz
Transgressing boundaries : new directions in the study of culture in Africa
Reading cultural difference : the reception of a short story in six European countries
The influence of migration on Finnish cultural identity in the twentieth century : some preliminary considerations
There is a distinct possibility that, in the twenty-first century, Religious Studies as a discipline could come into its own. Its multidisciplinary orientation, if handled with due critical awareness as to its own former grandiose ambitions and present entanglements, could provide insight into the various problems that beset contemporary existence. Religious Studies has been involved in a number of internal debates that have sapped its energies and prevented it from advancing theoretically in ways that would help it address these problems. In this article I survey some of the developments that have taken place in other disciplines that could be of benefit in helping Religious Studies take its place as a discipline that is relevant for the twenty-first century.Keywords: Religious studies, cultural studies, culture, postcolonialism, gender.
Introduction to African American studies : transdisciplinary approaches and implications
Reading the popular
Understanding America : the anatomy of an exceptional nation
Starting from an analysis of practices of participation in contemporary print and other media, the volume opens up a historical perspective, probing the potential of the concept of participatory cultures for the exploration of past forms of collaboration between individual and collective actors (i.e. authors, editors, publishers, fans, critics etc.). In doing so, the volume sheds new light on the historically, culturally, and medially specific forms and functions as well as on the economic, political and institutional parameters that contributed to the emergence and transformation of what turn out to be precarious alliances.
The meaning of the Loch Ness monster
Everything bad is good for you : how today's popular culture is actually making us smarter
The Corinthian body
The imaginary : word and image = L'Imaginaire : texte et image
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
American magic and dread : Don DeLillo's dialogue with culture
Perception of melodic complexity: a cross-cultural investigation
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Finnish journal for Romanian studies
Reflections on exile and other literary and cultural essays
Marginal locations, central concerns
Approaches to American cultural studies
Popular and visual culture : design circulation and consumption
Cultural marketing and consumer research : analytics of cultural practice
Reading Rocky Horror : the Rocky Horror picture show and popular culture
The Effect of Culture on the Sales Process Within a Global Company. Case Company ABB Oy Distribution Automation Sales Unit.
Precarious alliances : cultures of participation in print and other media
Eighteenth-century London through masks : notes on disguise, authenticity, and libertinage in eighteenth-century London city guides
Artmade research
Psychological Contract and Organizational Communication between University Middle Managers
Making culture count : the politics of cultural measurement
Cross-cultural psychology : research and applications
Theoretical and methodological challenges of cross-cultural interaction design
The book brings together experts from Media and Communication Studies with Postcolonial Studies scholars to illustrate how the two fields may challenge and enrich each other. Its essays introduce readers to selected topics including »Media Convergence«, »Transcultural Subjectivity«, »Hegemony«, »Piracy« and »Media History and Colonialism«. Drawing on examples from film, literature, music, TV and the internet, the contributors investigate the transnational dimensions in today's media, engage with local and global media politics and discuss media outlets as economic agents, thus illustrating mechanisms of power in postcolonial and neo-colonial mediascapes.
Organizational culture & employee behavior
Analysis of Japanese and Finnish furniture design : a consideration for product identity and the relativity of industrial development and cultural context
Comments on "Opportunities for ethnology in Finnish migration research : two pilot projects"
The cultural study of reception
Signs of life in the U.S.A. : readings on popular culture for writers
Summary
Imaginary things: modern myth in Neil Gaiman's "American Gods" (2001)
The year's work in critical and cultural theory. 8, 2001
Postcolonial aura : Third World criticism in the age of global capitalism
Objects and images : studies in design and advertising
Cultural studies for beginners
Introduction to contemporary cultural studies
Communication and cultural literacy : an introduction
Let's talk about "us" : a reflexive account of a cross-cultural research collaboration
A Market Research Study for Establishing an African Restaurant in Vaasa
Cultural studies : theory and practice
The environment has always been a central concept for archaeologists and, although it has been conceived in many ways, its role in archaeological explanation has fluctuated from a mere backdrop to human action, to a primary factor in the understanding of society and social change. Archaeology also has a unique position as its base of interest places it temporally between geological and ethnographic timescales, spatially between global and local dimensions, and epistemologically between empirical studies of environmental change and more heuristic studies of cultural practice. Drawing on data from across the globe at a variety of temporal and spatial scales, this volume resituates the way in which archaeologists use and apply the concept of the environment. Each chapter critically explores the potential for archaeological data and practice to contribute to modern environmental issues, including problems of climate change and environmental degradation. Overall, the volume covers four basic themes: archaeological approaches to the way in which both scientists and locals conceive of the relationship between humans and their environment, applied environmental archaeology, the archaeology of disaster, and new interdisciplinary directions. The volume will be of interest to students and established archaeologists, as well as practitioners from a range of applied disciplines.
FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN BAHRAIN : Case company: A Private Entrepreneur from Lithuania
Arts contact points between cultures : 1st International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education Conference : post-conference book
European journal of cultural studies
The dictionary of global culture
Governance in immigrant family businesses : enterprise, ethnicity and family dynamics
Representations of authentic Japanese martial traditions : examining perspectives of instructors and students of koryū
Dreams, phantasms and memories
Shaping Indian diaspora : literary representations and Bollywood consumption away from the Desi
The aim of this book is to extend the political and the intellectual concerns of cultural studies to include the realm of social experience. From rap to rave, from menswear to "Marie Claire", from rock to sex tourism, each essay tackles issues of ideology, bodies, power and gender in contemporary popular culture.
Confronting the present : towards a politically engaged anthropology
Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Why Cultural Studies?
Representations of Maori culture
Sociocultural sustainability of rural community-based tourism : case study of local participation in fair trade coffee trail, Nicaragua
The potentiality of Spanish Cultural Events in Finnish society : Case: Introducing Cultural Spanish Events in Vaasa
Cultural minorities in Finland : an overview towards cultural policy
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Southern historiography in modern history : figural and philosophical aspects of historical discourse in Virginia and South Carolina, 1800-1844
Crossroads in Cultural Studies, July 1-4, 1996, Tampere, Finland : abstracts
The Oxford handbook of the new cultural history of music
Imagining the other : orientalism and occidentalism in Tamil-European relations in South India
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
Formulation of market strategy for the Russian market : Case: Jessup Manufacturing Company
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
Harvard journal of Asiatic studies
The Islamic quarterly : a review of Islamic culture
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Social invisibility and diasporas in Anglophone literature and culture : the fractal gaze
Exploring the 'socio' of socio-legal studies
Ticket Sales Analysis for Live Nation Spain
Assessing cultural anthropology
On-line/Off-line : between text and experience : writing as a lifestyle
The fame formula : how Hollywood's fixers, fakers and star makers created the celebrity industry
ALWAYS COMING HOME is not the story of the Kesh. Rather it is the stories of the Kesh - stories, poems, songs, recipes - ALWAYS COMING HOME is no less than an anthropological account of a community that does not yet exist, a tour de force of imaginative fiction by one of modern literature's great voices. First published 1985.
Creating a culture of revolution : workers and the revolutionary movement in late imperial Russia
Contexts of cultural studies?
International journal of sino-western studies
The Finnish landscape and its meanings
Colors in fashion
Culture & history
Public culture : bulletin of the Project for Transnational Cultural Studies, University of Pennsylvania
Ethnographic methods
Construction of the entrepreneurial identity in the family business context : a cross-cultural study
Developing a Guide for Internship in Spain. Case: Spain Internship SC
Studies for the International Society for Cultural History
Intercultural communication : an advanced resource book
Intercultural competence development of Finnish higher education personnel : case: Lahti UAS
Political animals : representing dogs in modern Russian culture
The quest for well-being in growth industries : contexts, research design and methodological development
The Routledge handbook of language and intercultural communication
Translation of international logos
The use of Mao and the Chongqing model
Performance in America : contemporary U. S. culture and the performing arts
Analysis of best practices and used methods in research articles of culturally competent care : applied systematic literature review
Reading Six feet under : TV to die for
Changing research communities : essays on objectivity and relativism in contemporary cultural research
Film : a critical introduction
Class
Affective Methodologies reacts to a challenge: How to trace and understand the immaterial forces of affects as cultural researchers? Its aim is thus to contribute to the development of methodologies that enable cultural researchers and students to investigate affective processes empirically. It defines affective methods as innovative strategies for 1) asking research questions and formulating research agendas relating to affective processes, for 2) collecting or producing embodied data and for 3) making sense of this data in order to produce academic knowledge. It furthermore presents affective research using inventive experiments, embodied forms of fieldwork or innovative approaches to the reading for affects in texts and writing. It presents studies of nightclubs, YouTube memes, political provocations, heritage sites, education development, and haunting memories. In this way, the collection serves as an inspiration for all academics embarking on or developing empirical research strategies to understand affects' predominant role in cultural life.
"In Racial Feelings, Jeffrey Santa Ana examines how Asian American narratives communicate and critique-to varying degrees-the emotions that power the perception of Asians as racially different. Santa Ana explores various forms of Asian American cultural production, ranging from literature and graphic narratives to film and advertising, to illuminate the connections between global economic relations and the emotions that shape aspirations for the good life. He illustrates his argument with examples including the destitute Filipino immigrant William Paulinha, in Han Ong's Fixer Chao, who targets his anger on the capitalist forces of objectification that racially exploit him, and Nan and Pingpin in Ha Jin's A Free Life, who seek happiness and belonging in America. Racial Feelings addresses how Asian Americans both resist and rely on stereotypes in their writing and art work. In addition, Santa Ana investigates how capitalism shapes and structures an emotional discourse that represents Asians as both economic exemplars and threats. "--
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
Himalayan discoveries : an interdisciplinary journal on Himalayan studies
Change in continuity : concepts and tools for a cultural approach to development
A bibliographical guide to the literature on Slavic civilization
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
Temenos : studies in comparative religion. 19
Creative arts marketing
Our hero : Superman on earth
Lund studies in arts and cultural sciences
China and beyond : a collection of essays
The complete prose works of Matthew Arnold. 5, Culture and anarchy with Friendship's garland and some literary essays
Intercultural teaching and learning : English as a foreign language education in Finland and Japan
This book is the first interdisciplinary study of the representation of dogs in Russian discourse since the nineteenth century. Focusing on the correlation between humans and dogs in traditional belief systems, in literature, film and other cultural productions, it shows that the dog as a political construct incorporates various contradictions, with different representations investing the dog with multiple, often-paradoxical meanings - moral, social and philosophical. From the peasantry's dislike of the gentry's hunting dogs and children's cruelty to dogs in Pushkin and Dostoevsky to the establishment of the Soviet dynasties of border guard and police dogs, from Pavlov's laboratory dogs to the monuments to the cosmic dog Laika and the subversive dog impersonations by the contemporary performance artist Oleg Kulik, the book explores the intersections of species-class-gender-sexuality-race-disability and, paradoxically, of Arcadian and Utopian dreams and scientific deeds. This study contributes to the unfolding cultural history of human-animal relations across cultures.
Humans and the environment : new archaeological perspectives for the twenty-first century
A scientific theory of culture and other essays
Making the intangible tangible : the new interface of cultural heritage
NORLIT 2009 : codex and code. Aestethcis, language and politics in a age of digital media. Stockholm, august 6-9, 2009
Encountering differences : study and learning environment culture-shock in Finland : (the case of Asian first year international students)
Postcolonial perspectives on postcommunism in Central and Eastern Europe
Consumer culture, branding and identity in the new Russia : from five-year plan to 4x4
The cyborg handbook
