http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7492 cognitive cultural studies
cognitive cultural studies
How do historians understand the minds, motivations, intentions of historical agents? What might evolutionary and cognitive theorizing contribute to this work? What is the relation between natural and cultural history? Historians have been intrigued by such questions ever since publication in 1859 of Darwin's The Origin of Species, itself the historicization of biology. This interest reemerged in the latter part of the twentieth century among a number of biologists, philosophers and historians, reinforced by the new interdisciplinary finding of cognitive scientists about the universal capacities of and constraints upon human minds. The studies in this volume, primarily by historians of religion, continue this discussion by focusing on historical examples of ancient religions as well as on the theoretical promises and problems relevant to that study.
Embodiment via body parts : studies from various languages and cultures
The geography of thought : how Asians and Westerners think differently ... and why
Past minds : studies in cognitive historiography
Popular imagination : essays on fantasy and cultural practice
Cartographies of culture : memory, space, representation
Museums of the mind : German modernity and the dynamics of collecting
Cross-cultural psychology : research and applications
Contemporary critical discourse studies
Of space and mind : cognitive mappings of contemporary Chicano/a fiction
The debated mind : evolutionary psychology versus ethnography
Affective performance and cognitive science : body, brain, and being
Anthropology and the cognitive challenge
Listening and human communication in the 21st century
Approaching religion : based on papers read at the symposium on methodology in the study of religions held at Åbo, Finland, on the 4th-7th August 1997. Part I
How to understand cognitive differences from a cross-cultural perspective?
Origins of the modern mind : three stages in the evolution of culture and cognition
Introduction to cognitive cultural studies
Seeing studies : practicing praxis in graphic design
Religious narrative, cognition, and culture : image and word in the mind of narrative
Cognitive archaeology as symbolic archaeology
Abstract.
Discourse studies : a multidisciplinary introduction
The development of cognitive anthropology
The practice of everyday life
"In the current monograph, we report on a series of eight studies in which we systematically assessed the social-cognitive skills of 1- to 3-year-old children in three diverse cultural settings. One group of children was from a Western, middle-class cultural setting in rural Canada and the other two groups were from traditional, small-scale cultural settings in rural Peru and India. In the first group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's most basic social-cognitive skills for understanding the intentions and attention of others: imitation, helping, gaze following, and communicative pointing. Children's performance in these tasks was mostly similar across cultural settings. In a second group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's skills in participating in interactive episodes of collaboration and joint attention.... In the final pair of studies, we assessed 2- to 3-year old children's skills within two symbolic system (pretense and pictorial)."--Abstract.
Storytelling beyond postmodernism : fables and the fairy tale
Culture theory : essays on mind, self, and emotion
Everyday memory
Cultural cognition in music : continuity and change in the Gurung music of Nepal
Culture in mind : cognition, culture, and the problem of meaning
Stubborn and silent Finns with 'sisu' in Finnish-American literature : an imagological study of Finnishness in the literary production of Finnish-American authors
The dynamics of musical expectancy : cross-cultural and statistical approaches to melodic expectations
Content-based approach to experiencing visual art / Sari Kuuva
Oxford handbook of deaf studies, language, and education
Local knowledge : further essays in interpretive anthropology
Culture and competence : contexts of life success
The cultural dialectics of knowledge and desire
Psychological anthropology
Color categories in thought and language
Developing dialogic communication culture in media education : integrating dialogism and technology
Ritual and memory : toward a comparative anthropology of religion
Directions in cognitive anthropology
Culture and language use
Ritual : key concepts in religion
A cognitive theory of cultural meaning
Early social cognition in three cultural contexts
Figurative language : cross-cultural and cross-linguistic perspectives
Anthropological theory today
Grounding social sciences in cognitive sciences
Fictionalising trauma : the aesthetics of Marguerite Duras's India cycle
Consumer behavior and culture : consequences for global marketing  and advertising
The nature of mathematical thinking
The theory of folklorist Lauri Honko, 1932-2002 : the ecology of tradition
The child as musician : a handbook of musical development
Gross-Cultural studies in cognition and mathematics
The psychology of cultural experience
Culture and cognition : rules, maps, and plans
Cognitive anthropology : readings
"CDS is a multifarious field constantly developing different methodological frameworks for analysing dynamically evolving aspects of language in a broad range of socio-political and institutional contexts. This volume is a cutting edge, interdisciplinary account of these theoretical and empirical developments. It presents an up-to-date survey of Critical Discourse Studies (CDS), covering both the theoretical landscape and the analytical territories that it extends over. It is intended for critical scholars and students who wish to keep abreast of the current state of the art. The book is divided into two parts. In the first part, the chapters are organised around different methodological perspectives for CDS (history, cognition, multimodality and corpora, among others). In the second part, the chapters are organised around particular discourse types and topics investigated in CDS, both traditionally (e.g. issues of racism and gender inequality) and only more recently (e.g. issues of health, public policy, and the environment). This is, altogether, an essential new reference work for all CDS practitioners"--
Culture : a problem that cannot be solved
Research methods in anthropology : qualitative and quantitative approaches
Border crossings : mapping identities in modern Europe
Knowledge creation as the production of individual autonomy : how news influences subjective reality
Stubborn and Silent Finns With 'Sisu' in Finnish-American Literature:an Imagological Study of Finnishness in the Literary Production of Finnish-American Authors
Visual analogy : consciousness as the art of connecting / Barbara Maria Stafford
The pear stories : cognitive, cultural, and linguistic aspects of narrative production
Consumer behavior
