http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7498 information and communication technology sector
information and communication technology sector
Innovating with information technology in a globalized world : being proactive about culture
Product tracker : a formalised process of bringing product to market
Doing gender differently : tales of terror and joy within the Finnish ICT-business
Information Society Policy Link : information society and employment : linking European policies
Current status and upcoming needs in SME's in Northern regions of Finland, Norway and Sweden : technologies, personnel, market and ICT in the business process
From myths to reality : challenges of HR management in ICT sector
The Finnish ICT industry : An analysis of company demographics, internal and external operating conditions
Information Society Policy Link : information society and justice, freedom & security : linking European policies
Improving product development process through verification and validation
Information Society Policy Link : information society and standards : linking European policies
They did IT : the formation and organisation of interactive media production in Sweden
The Steve Jobs way : iLeadership for a new generation
Quantum Information Processing and Communication in Europe
Improving the existing sales model : case: Sonera Store
Women and innovation in the ICT-business : tale of terror and tale of joy
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Strategic processes and turning points in ICT business : case Nokia
Investing in dynamic markets : venture capital in the digital age
Developing technology pushed breakthroughs : defining and assessing success factors in ICT industry
ICT practitioner skills and training : automotive industry
Summary and conclusions (s. 94-100).
Information Society Policy Link : information society and media : linking European policies
Implementing Cisco IP switched networks (SWITCH) foundation learning guide
Becoming Steve Jobs : how a reckless upstart became a visionary leader
Finnish information society and its regionalisation in Western Finland and Lapland 1994-2004
Technology and social inclusion : rethinking the digital divide
Information Society Policy Link : information society and education : linking European policies
Partner selection in knowledge intensive firms
Information and communication technologies for economic and regional developments
ICT sector development in the Kainuu region
Why information systems and software engineering students enter and leave their study programme : a factor model and process theory
The laboring of communication : will knowledge workers of the world unite?
Enhancing understanding of company-wide product data management in ICT companies
Five-year assessment: 1999-2003 : research and technology development in information society technologies : final panel report
Making the world work better : the ideas that shaped a century and a company
Development proposal for partnership management practices in the ICT company : case: Nokia Siemens Networks
Learning organization approach for a medium size ICT company
Information Society Policy Link : information society and agriculture & rural development : linking European policies
Internationalisation of European ICT activities : dynamics of information and communication technology
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Sonera, which is one of Finland's leading telecommunications companies. The purpose of this study was to find out whether the sales model of Sonera Store is consistently implemented in practice in the desired way and to offer proposals for improving the existing sales model. Furthermore, the motivational incentives of the sales agents and the role of the sales management as a motivating factor were examined.    The data for this case study research were collected by observing the sales agents in customer service and sales encounters as well as with the help of semi-structured face-to-face interviews. Combining two different qualitative data collection methods offered a deeper understanding of the researchable topics and enabled the comparison between what was said in the interviews and what was put into action in reality. The interview was carried out with ten different sales agents from three different Sonera Stores. In the observations, five sales agents were studied in thirteen different customer encounters.    The study revealed that not all steps of the sales model are implemented in the way the sales agents are instructed. The omission of certain procedures was explained mainly with the lack of motivation caused by the disbelief that implementing them would offer any additional value to the sales agents or customers, or would have any positive impact on the sales. The study pointed out that the mindset of the sales agents is desirably sales-oriented and that the hindering sticking points are mostly explained by technical and other matters over which the sales agents have no control. In addition, it was found out that motivational factors are experienced very differently. In general, however, the study showed that the most improvement possibilities are in the current bonus model and sales training.    The findings of this study indicate that the sales model is not fully implemented in the intended way and that there is room for improvement in the incentive system and sales training. Implementing these and other improvement suggestions presented in the thesis is believed to have an enhancing effect on the motivation and overall performance of the sales agents. Notably more research should be carried out in other Sonera Stores of Finland in order to gain a more reliable understanding of the topic. Furthermore, the viewpoint of the customers and the sales management is left out, which calls for further research in the future.    Key words: sales, sales model, personal selling, sales management, customer service, employee motivation, case study.
GIGA - converging networks programme 2005-2010 : final report
Improving verification and validation activities in ICT companies : product development management approach
In this compelling memoir, Nokia's legendary CEO Jorma Ollila presents a riveting account of the inner workings of the company that created the global mobile revolution. CEO from 1992 to 2006, Ollila led Nokia from near catastrophe to become the world's leading mobile phone manufacturer. He built a company where visionary thinking and courageous decisions were combined with exceptional creativity and first-rate engineering, leading to phenomenal growth. Readers will follow Ollila's personal and professional journey, where they'll learn about the fine line between stratospheric success and disastrous failure. His stories are filled with lessons about the nature of leadership, the importance of shared values, and the need for strategic thinking.Ollila offers a uniquely clear picture of life as a CEO, with many insights into how business is conducted at the highest levels. He is especially upfront about working with his executive and management teams as well as encounters with figures such as Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, and George Soros. He offers poignant as well as illuminating stories of hair-raising risks and huge successes, but also of poor judgment and bad decision-making. Against All Odds, translated into English for the first time, includes a new Epilogue to bring the reader up-to-date on Ollila's thoughts about more recent events regarding the company, up to and including their decision to sell their mobile phone business to Microsoft.
Managing sustainable e-community centers : workshop proceedings
The aim of this research was to examine the telecommunication market in Vietnam and recognize the key competitors in the locking industry for the case company, Abloy Oy. The empirical research was conducted by using a quantitative method. The implementation of the research consisted of phone interviews, email surveys, and an examination of secondary data. The sample for the interviews consisted of representatives of Vietnamese telecommunication companies, and all interviews were implemented in Vietnamese. The results showed that the Vietnamese telecom market consist of eleven main players, two of which are dominating the market. Due to mergers in the past the number of companies has decreased. According to the primary data gathered, the majority were unaware of Abloy’s existence. However, there was an interest in knowing more.
Analyzing the Indian telecom industry for a successful foreign entry
Comparative analysis of forestry curricula for the development of ICT in forestry education
Europe lagging behind in ICT evolution : patenting trends of leading ICT companies
Information society and transport : linking European policies
Hatching Twitter : a true story of money, power, friendship, and betrayal
ICT and services : combining views from IS and service research : proceedings of the post-graduate seminar : May 5-6, 2003, Turku, Finland
OPTIMIZING OWNED MEDIA IN A BUSINESS-TO-BUSINESS ICT COMPANY : Case Company: TMA Solutions, Vietnam
European information technology observatory 2005
Proceedings of the Joint 9th European Software Engineering Conference (ESEC) &  11th ACM SIGSOFT Symposium on the Foundations of Software Engineering (FSE-11),  Helsinki, Finland, September 1-5, 2003
Enterprise information systems design, implementation and management : organizational applications
Executive summary (s. 10-12).
"Without venture capital, many of the companies whose technical innovations sparked the digital revolution would not exist. Venture investments funded these firms to develop their bright ideas into commercial products that created new business models and established whole new markets. In Profiting from Innovation, Henry Kressel, a partner at multi-billion-dollar global investing company Warburg Pincus, takes you behind the scenes of the private equity process. He draws on his extensive experience to show how venture capital works, why venture capitalists fund certain companies and not others, and what factors influence the success or failure of their high-risk, high-reward investments. He also discusses venture capital's future, now that the commercialization of technology requires larger investments and global market access. Written in clear, non-technical language, the book features informative case studies of venture capital funding in a wide range of industries, including telecommunications, software and services, semiconductors, and the internet"--
"This book investigates the creation and implementation of enterprise information systems, covering a wide array of topics such as flow-shop scheduling, information systems outsourcing, ERP systems utilization, Dietz transaction methodology, and advanced planning systems"--Provided by publisher.
The main task for most development-intensive organisations is to create, develop and commercialise new products and services. The technology push (TP) concept is considered an important competitive advantage for companies trying to create breakthrough products. Because development processes are risky and failure rates are high, especially in the case of technology pushed projects, defined success factors are valuable knowledge for the management of development-intensive firms.The prime objective of this study is to present a compact set of TP project success factors in an information and communication technology (ICT) context. Because the literature on new product development and innovation has presented many success factors for developed products, but has done so in a way that presents the factors as having a nebulous nature, the specification of TP success factors is also presented. The success factors are also empirically validated. The goal of the validation was to determine the relevance of the success factors introduced, and potentially define new ones. The validation was performed through an empirical study with semi-structured company interviews.As a result of this study we concluded that one success factor defined through the literature review should be removed due to a lack of relevance, that the other twelve success factors were validated, and three new success factors were identified during the empirical study. Eventually fifteen TP success factors are defined and presented.The practical relevance of this study is to help firm management to recognise the real actions needed to reduce product development risks. The theoretical relevance is in helping scholars to focus on key issues when studying the key factors of breakthrough development cases.
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Managing growth in women-led ICT-companies : transforming technology into business
"There's a lot of activities going on but how do you make those known" : the challenges of organizational environmental communication in ICT-company
"There are a lot of activities going on but how do you make those known" : the challenge of organizational environmental communication in ICT-company
Chinese software industry in 2014
Against all odds : leading Nokia from near catastrophe to global success
National champions in combat : Nokia, Ericsson and the sensemaking of business news
Information Society Policy Link : information society and environment : linking European policies
New product development of ICT services : ICT service development in TietoEnator PN Oy
The thesis aims to reveal the strategic objectives of Finnish ICT company X in the cross-border acquisition of Y - a Russian ICT services provider. This study attempts to conclude a comprehensive pre-acquisition research and thereby contribute to the accomplishment of acquisition objectives. Why should company X acquire company Y? The author approaches this question from the acquirer's perspective and identifies X's major motives for entering in the M&A transaction. In the theoretical research the author reviews the existing literature on the topic and identifies the major taxonomies of acquisition drivers. The theoretical perspectives adopted by scholars to explain the phenomenon of corporate M&A are also examined and highlighted. Next, building on previously discussed theories, the author proposes his own model of feasibility conditions under which the various drivers for M&A transactions would operate. Finally, the model is employed for the case acquisition analysis. The empirical research is based upon the qualitative research method. In the course of interviews with X's management the author tests the proposed model of M&A motives in relation to the case transaction. This is followed by the discussion of the opportunities which make the acquisition of Y feasible, the emerging constraints, and the academic theories which best explain the case in point. The most important strategic objectives of X cross-border acquisition on the Russian market include a number of synergetic gains such as diversification, vertical integration benefits and operational synergies. Evidence has been found to support the connections between the case acquisition's motives and the efficiency theory of mergers.
Marketing strategies for global expansion in the ICT field
A fugitive success : Finland's economic future
Quo vadis, it education?
Information Society Policy Link : information society and health : linking European policies
Information Society Policy Link : information society and industry : linking European policies
New business opportunities for Finnish real estate and ICT clusters
New challenges in ICT education : [catch the train quick] : conference proceedings April 27th 2001, Seinäjoki, Finland
Exploring relationship between marketing and sales : a case study of B2B ICT solution sales
Improving the Follow-up of Incentives in Partner programs
Towards "service factory" : managing the complexity of ICT services
New technologies in public administration
The Competitiveness of Tampere Central Region in  Localization Decisions of ICT Companies
Bit bang III : entrepreneurship and services
Nokia's labor inflows and outflows in Finland : observations from 1989 to 2010
Social networks among Russian information and communication technology professionals
Truly nomadic environments : context-awareness, virtuality and multisensority
Requirements engineering : linking design and manufacturing in ICT companies
Finland as a knowledge economy : elements of success and lessons learned : overview
The thesis focuses on new product development (NPD) of ICT services. NPD is a well researched field. However, its background in production of manufactured goods leaves a gap in terms of how the theories fit to the NPD of services. The thesis investigates the use of NPD in the context of ICT services. The thesis provides the design rationale for the development work done in TietoEnator Processing and Network Oy, which further developed the Concorde NPD model stage-gate approach and Develop-stage of the model. The model was described as a process, which enabled clarifying inputs, outputs, activities, tools and roles. The thesis uses theories and methods from NPD management, service management, process management and knowledge management to build a theoretical framework for NPD of ICT services. These are categorized to conceptual, utilitarian and strategic core theories and applied to support the Concorde NPD model and a related maturity model. While the diverse theoretical background creates a vast landscape of options, current state analysis is used to find the main focus areas. The maturity model is build to describe relationships of model development areas as well as to the larger issue of product lifecycle management (PLM). The thesis work is based on constructive research. The main interest was solving a managerial problem (i.e. how to further develop Concorde NPD model manageability) through development of a construct (the NPD process model and supporting material) by using empirical analysis (through active observation through participation to NPD projects, interviews and existing documentation review) and theoretical analysis (through NPD and related theory review). The construct was validated based on review rounds of material and interviews. The thesis uses academic and trade books as well as articles as background for the theoretical part of the constructive research. Empirical part was based on available documentation of the Concorde model, a set of interviews of NPD workers and people working on related area in other TietoEnator business areas (i.e. strategic business units) beyond TietoEnator Oy and active observation based on participation to NPD projects. The main output of the development work was a  revised NPD approach, which was process driven and contained linkages to the larger frame of PLM and to the maturity model. The maturity model indicates that while initial improvement efforts in NPD alone are possible, in the long term NPD improvement is limited unless PLM is driven as a process. The current Concorde-model processes supports only a subset of PLM. While many of the areas of NPD can be improved, with the current situation in TE PN Oy, with the transfer of work to low-cost countries and customer-oriented strategy, there seems to be a lack a direct imperative for NPD approach development. Therefore, the prioritization between different business development efforts and clear communication of these priorities needs to be strengthened if more rapid NPD improvement is to be achieved.
Alliance Creator Network annual report 2012 : generating greater value for the European ICT industry
What next? : Finnish ICT cluster and globalization
Strategic objectives in cross-border acquisitions on the Russian market : the case of a Finnish ICT company
Enterprises energy sustainability: ICT approach
What ICT practitioners do : towards a European e-competence framework : summary of a joint European effort involving a wide range of stakeholders across the EU
Political aspects of the regulations for the telecommunications sector within the EU
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Examining the four P's of marketing mix in the ICT sector in Greater London
Telecommunications reform in the Asia-Pacific region
Telecommunication companies in Vietnam as potential customers for Abloy Oy
Information Society Policy Link : information society and the regions : linking European policies
The rise and future of East Asia's economic progress and mobile phone vendor success : a linked phenomenon?
