http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7506 inducing guilt
inducing guilt
Stinking deed, deepest love : same-sex sexuality in later medieval English culture
"SlutWalk is a study of the global anti-rape movement of the same name, in eight nations which organized marches: Australia, Canada, India, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa, the UK and US. It demonstrates the mainstream news' unprecedented support for SlutWalk, suggesting that we may be finally moving away from an era in which feminism is seen as dead, redundant or passe;. Yet despite this overwhelming support, mainstream coverage was often shallow, particularly when compared to the feminist blogosphere, which provided sophisticated and nuanced analyses of sexual assault and rape culture. The feminist blogosphere was also a key site for critiquing patriarchal rape myths, and providing 'counter-memories' of the movement. This book examines representations of the movement in mainstream news and feminist blogs, and documents the experiences, routines and strategies of 22 organizers who were involved in the movement between 2011 and 2014. In doing so, it presents a robust and original analysis of modern feminist activism from various angles, and is a must-read for anyone interested in modern feminist protest and campaigns. "--
In the past quarter century, "bad" mothers have moved noticeably toward center stage in American culture. While Susan Smith will eventually fade from the tabloids, the monster mother that she represents has a storied and long history. Mothers have been blamed for a host of problems, from autism in children (due to chilly "refrigerator" mothers), to homosexuality (attributed to "smothering" moms), to welfare dependency and crime (caused by black "matriarchs" and single mothers). Some mothers are not good mothers. No one can deny that. There are women who neglect their children, abuse them, and fail to provide them with proper psychological nurturance. While such mothers have always stimulated the American imagination, the definition of what constitutes a bad mother has expanded significantly in recent years. Indeed, with a distinct minority of American families living the two-parent, one-worker lifestyle once considered the norm, we all face the discomfiting question, Do most mothers now qualify as "bad" mothers in one way or another? Drawing together the work of prominent scholars and journalists, "Bad" Mothers considers such diverse topics as the mother-blaming theories of psychological and medical "experts," bad mothers in the popular media, the scapegoating of mothers in politics, and the punitive approach to "bad" mothers by social service and legal authorities. The volume also includes the stories of individual "bad" mothers, from sterilization survivor Willie Mallory to rock star Courtney Love. Ably edited by two leading scholars, "Bad" Mothers marks an important contribution to the literature on motherhood.
Adult children of parental alienation syndrome : breaking the ties that bind
Cyber criminology : exploring Internet crimes and criminal behavior
Same-sex sexuality in later medieval english culture
Rape : a love story
The trouble with blame : victims, perpetrators, and responsibility
"Bad" mothers : the politics of blame in twentieth-century America
Judging and understanding : essays on free will, narrative, meaning and the ethical limits of condemnation
Abstract: Measuring a child's body and parenting : interpretations of a healthy child and "good" and "bad" parenthood in contemporary Finland.
Plagues, poisons and potions : plague-spreading conspiracies in the western Alps, c. 1530-1640
Shifting the blame : how victimization became a criminal defence
Sixteen-year-old Liam is naturally bright and sharp, but directionless. He's a thrill seeker by nature until one night a stunt goes horribly wrong and his best friend is killed. Liam is devastated. Fast forward a year and Liam is training to be a soldier, desperate to forget his past and wanting to move on and make something of his life / WorldCat.
Scapegoat : a history of blaming other people
The new recruit
Victimology
The Captive
The accused
Selfish, shallow, and self-absorbed : sixteen writers on the decision not to have kids
Sacrifice in Joseph Conrad's Nostromo
SlutWalk : feminism, activism and media
A mother apart : how to let go of guilt & find happiness living apart from your child
What's mother got to do with it? : protecting children from sexual abuse
The representation of female victims and male offenders in reports of violent crime in newspaper discourse : the question of blame
