http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7509 methodology
methodology
Qualitative research for the information professional : a practical handbook
Reconstructing social work research : Finnish methodological adaptations
Planning health promotion programs : an intervention mapping approach
Practical geography of Africa
Opening cross-disciplinary dialogue : a virtual workshop on methodology
Methods of psychology
Mathematics and computers in archaeology
Online panel research : a data quality perspective
Rethinking 'religious' cognition : the Eliadean notion of the sacred in the light of the legacy of Uno Harva
Debates with historians
Whole and its parts : micro foundations of macro behaviour
Unmasking age : the significance of age for social research
The travelling concepts of narrative
Introduction to SPSS statistics in psychology : for version 19 and earlier
The techniques of industrial archaeology
Frame it simple! : towards a theory of conceptual designing
When is methodology a trap?
Theory and methods in political science
Narrative is a pioneer concept in our trans-disciplinary age. For decades, it has been one of the most successful catchwords in literature, history, cultural studies, philosophy, and health studies. While the expansion of narrative studies has led to significant advances across a number of fields, the travels for the concept itself have been a somewhat more complex. Has the concept of narrative passed intact from literature to sociology, from structuralism to therapeutic practice or to the study of everyday storytelling? In this volume, philosophers, psychologists, literary theorists, sociolinguists, and sociologists use methodologically challenging test cases to scrutinize the types, transformations, and trajectories of the concept and theory of narrative. The book powerfully argues that narrative concepts are profoundly relevant in the understanding of life, experience, and literary texts. Nonetheless, it emphasizes the vast contextual differences and contradictions in the use of the concept.
Philosophy and the sciences of exercise, health and sport : critical perspectives on research methods
A design for political science : Scope, objectives, and methods
Multiactivity in social interaction : beyond multitasking
Combining experts' ratings for partly overlapping concept lists : a feasibility test with cultural sustainability indicators
Archaeological approaches to the present : models for restructuring the past
Theoretical and practical research orientations in Germain economics
What is cultural history?
Man's imprint from the past : readings in the methods of archaeology
The systematically revised third edition of the leading text on approaches and methods in political science features a considerable internatizationization in both the team of contributors and the range of coverage and examples. About half the chapters are entirely new and the rest are substantially revised and updated.
The role of systems methodology in social science research
Instructional work in textile craft : studies of interaction, embodiment and the making of objects
Mental models : aligning design strategy with human behavior
Affective methodologies : developing cultural research strategies for the study of affect
Geographical information systems and science
Design poiesis : an inquiry on outcomes in the use of method and methodology
Researching human geography
Practice as research in the arts : principles, protocols, pedagogies, resistances
Comprehensive, straightforward and clear, Introduction to Research Methods in Psychology, 3rd edition is the essential student guide to understanding and undertaking quantitative and qualitative research in psychology. Updated throughout to include new topics such as the latest developments in online support for conducting research and data management, this new edition continues to provide a thorough, accessible and up to date coverage of the field. The book is supported by a companion website featuring a range of resources to help students check and further their understanding of the subject. Visit www.pearsoned.co.uk/howitt to find out more. "Howitt and Cramer's Introduction to Research Methods (Third Edition) offers the clearest and most comprehensive coverage of research methods for first year psychology students on the market. Indeed, it is a priceless source of advice and information on research design for students throughout their undergraduate career, and even into postgraduate study."
The rules of sociological method
Strangers and pilgrims : on the role of aporiai in theology
The ghost of methodologies past : untangling methods, methodologies, and  methodologists in black studies
The rebirth of cultural colonialism as religionswissenschaft: Rudolf Otto's Import House
Down to Earth : a practical guide to archaeology
Research methods in second language acquisition : a practical guide
Qualitative research synthesis provides a comprehensive glimpse of what individual qualitative studies show. The authors describe the process of data analysis, synthesis and interpretation that users may follow and adapt.
Foundations for research : methods of inquiry in education and the social sciences
Methodological perspectives for register-based health system performance assessment : developing a hip fracture monitoring system in Finland
In this wide-ranging collection, leading scholars, researchers, and emergent researchers from around the world come together and present examples of multimodal discourse analysis in practice. The book illustrates new theoretical, methodological and empirical research into new technologies such as the internet, software, CD-ROM, video, and older technologies such as film, newspapers, brands or billboards. Each chapter demonstrates how aspects of multimodal theory and method can be used to conduct research into these and other multimodal texts. Taken together, the book advances the field of multimodal discourse analysis and offers a range of current studies that address some of the most important questions facing researchers and students when investigating new or old technologies multimodally in linguistics, education, communication studies, sociology, anthropology and other fields.
The dominant approach to the study of religion known as the phenomenology of religion's core assumption was that underlying the multiplicity of historical and geographically dispersed religions was an ultimately metaphysical, trans-historical substratum, called 'man', Geist , or 'consciousness'. This transhistorical substratum is an expressive agent with a uniform, essential nature. By reading the data of religion as its 'expressions', it is possible to sympathetically understand their meaning. Geist , or 'man', then, is both a philosophy of history and i hermeneutical theory. It also forms a systematic set of representations, which replicate the structure of the asymmetrical relations between Europeans and those colonized by Europeans. The metanarrative of Geist is a narrative of the supremacy - their term, not mine - of white, Christian Europe over black, 'primitive' Africal and 'despotic' Asia. Spirit moves from the South to the North; away from the East to the West. This paper locates Rudolf Otto's work within the structure and history of phenomenological discourse and argues that the science of religion as described there conforms nearly perfectly to the structures of colonial discourse as this has been discussed and analyzed by theorists such as Jaques Derrida and Edward Said.
Research for effective social work practice
Dynamic concept analysis (DCA) : integrating information in conceptual models
Research priorities in archaeological science
What if there had been no World War I or no Russian Revolution? What if Napoleon had won at Waterloo in 1815, or if Martin Luther had not nailed his complaints to the church door at Wittenberg in 1517, or if the South had won the American Civil War? The questioning of apparent certainties or 'known knowns' can be fascinating and, indeed, 'What if?' books are very popular. However, this speculative approach, known as counterfactualism, has had limited impact in academic histories, historiography, and the teaching of historical methods. In this book, Jeremy Black offers a short guide to the subject, one that is designed to argue its value as a tool for public and academe alike. Black focuses on the role of counterfactualism in demonstrating the part of contingency, and thus human agency, in history, and the salutary critique the approach offers to determinist accounts of past, present, and future.
Mixing methods in psychology : the integration of qualitative and quantitative methods in theory and practice
Applications of technical devices in archaeology : the use of X-rays, microscope, electrical and electro-magnetic devices and subsurface interface radar
The explanation of culture change : models in prehistory
Aspects of macro-sociological methodology
Ethnography : principles in practice
Research methods and statistics in psychology
Quantity and quality in social research
Beginning in archaeology
Human reliability analysis methods for probabilistic safety assessment
Other pasts, different presents, alternative futures
Hints to travellers
Biological techniques : collecting, preserving, and illustrating plants and animals
Ecological scale : theory and applications
Research methods for leisure and tourism : a practical guide
Max Weber : collected methodological writings
Student study guide for social work research and evaluation
From an examination of recent social and cultura theory and selected work on place and space by scholars of religion I draw together resources for the development of a spatial methodology for the study of religion. In order to identify the key elements of this methodology, I discuss relations between the body and space, the dimensions, properties and aspects of space, the "sacred" and sacralization. Consideration is given briefly to the application of a spatial approach, its strenths and weaknesses.
You and your action research project
An ontological framework and a methodical skeleton for method engineering : a contextual approach
Methods in comparative psychoacoustics
Max Weber on the methodology of the social sciences
Anthropology
Sins of a historian : perspectives on the problem of anachronism
Exploring the dynamics of multilingualism : the DYLAN project
Textuality and tectonics : troubling social and psychological science
This book takes a fresh 'how to' approach to Practice as Research. At the 'performance turn' it argues that old prejudices should be abandoned and that a PaR methodology and its modes of 'doing-knowing' should be fully accepted in the academy. It refines Robin Nelson's earlier models for PaR but sustains the dynamic and dialogic interplay between different modes of knowledge-production in a multi-mode research inquiry. It advances strategies for articulating and evidencing the research inquiry and offers practical guidance to practitioner-researchers on how to conduct a PaR inquiry. With reference to examples drawn from a decade of supervisory, examining and audit experience, Nelson addresses - and offers answers to - the many questions students, professional practitioner-researchers, regulators and examiners have posed in this domain. To broaden the perspective and take account of differing levels of acceptance and development of programmes in PaR around the word, in Part II of the book six international contributors respond to Part I and afford cross-sights from the standpoint of their territory (covering the US, Europe, South Africa and New Zealand).
The logic of scientific discovery
Research methods for sport studies
Experiment design : procedures for the behavioral sciences
55 : Survey & Questionnaire Design : Collecting Primary Data to Answer Research Questions
Probability, econometrics and truth : the methodology of econometrics
Radical research : designing, developing and writing research to make a difference
The changing worlds of geography : a critical guide to concepts and methods
On the aggregation of quadratic micro equations
Research methods in sport studies and sport management : a practical guide
Reason and nature : an essay on the meaning of scientific method
Recorded sight translation revisited : the benefits of technology-assisted "dicatated" translation
Universal economics : assessing the achievements of the economic approach
Models in archaeology
Perspective on archaeological theory and method
From reality to subject : a sympathetic, yet critical reading of Eliade
Using mixed methods : frameworks for an integrated methodology
A practical guide to behavioral research : tools and techniques
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric techniques tell us?
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators.
The essentials of political analysis
Practical archaeology : field and laboratory techniques and archaeological logistics
Integrating information in conceptual models : use of an information structure in building conceptual models for behavioural studies
Sociolinguistics : method and interpretation
Ageing and economic performance : dilemmas and dichotomies
Building on the success of the 2003 Handbook of the Life Course, this second volume identifies future directions for life course research and policy. The introductory essay and the chapters that make up the five sections of this book, show consensus on strategic "next steps" in life course studies. These next steps are explored in detail in each section: Section I, on life course theory, provides fresh perspectives on well-established topics, including cohorts, life stages, and legal and regulatory contexts. It challenges life course scholars to move beyond common individualistic paradigms. Section II highlights changes in major institutional and organizational contexts of the life course. It draws on conceptual advances and recent empirical findings to identify promising avenues for research that illuminate the interplay between structure and agency. It examines trends in family, school, and workplace, as well as contexts that deserve heightened attention, including the military, the criminal justice system, and natural and man-made disaster. The remaining three sections consider advances and suggest strategic opportunities in the study of health and development throughout the life course. They explore methodological innovations, including qualitative and three-generational longitudinal research designs, causal analysis, growth curves, and the study of place. Finally, they show ways to build bridges between life course research and public policy.
The Routledge encyclopedia of research methods in applied linguistics
An introduction to applying social work theories and methods
The Oxford handbook of multimethod and mixed methods research inquiry
The architectonics of meaning : foundations of the new pluralism
Variational methods in economics
Aggregation of a flexible functional form namely quadratic functions are considered. The representation proceeds from simple to more complicated and ends with aggregating an arbitrary number of agentspecific quadratic functions.
Research methods
Integration of micro and macro explanations
Handbook for synthesizing qualitative research
Handbook of the life course. Volume II
Sociological work : method and substance
Practical theology and qualitative research
Introduction to longitudinal research
Science and method
The last two decades have witnessed a proliferation of qualitative research in sport and exercise. The Routledge Handbook of Qualitative Research in Sport and Exercise is the first book to offer an in-depth survey of established and emerging qualitative methods, from conceptual first principles to practice and process. Written and edited by a team of world-leading researchers, and some of the best emerging talents, the book introduces a range of research traditions within which qualitative researchers work. It explores the different methods used to collect and analyse data, offering rationales for why each method might be chosen and guidance on how to employ each technique successfully. It also introduces important contemporary debates and goes further than any other book in exploring new methods, concepts, and future directions, such as sensory research, digital research, visual methods, and how qualitative research can generate impact. Cutting-edge, timely and comprehensive, the Routledge Handbook of Qualitative Research in Sport and Exercise is an essential reference for any student or scholar using qualitative methods in sport and exercise-related research.
The methodological unity of science
Elements of scientific inquiry
An introduction to scientific reasoning in geography
Social research : principal and procedures
Archaeology : an illustrated introduction
The late Iron Age bear-tooth pendants in Finland : symbolic mediators between women, bears, and wilderness?
Affective Methodologies reacts to a challenge: How to trace and understand the immaterial forces of affects as cultural researchers? Its aim is thus to contribute to the development of methodologies that enable cultural researchers and students to investigate affective processes empirically. It defines affective methods as innovative strategies for 1) asking research questions and formulating research agendas relating to affective processes, for 2) collecting or producing embodied data and for 3) making sense of this data in order to produce academic knowledge. It furthermore presents affective research using inventive experiments, embodied forms of fieldwork or innovative approaches to the reading for affects in texts and writing. It presents studies of nightclubs, YouTube memes, political provocations, heritage sites, education development, and haunting memories. In this way, the collection serves as an inspiration for all academics embarking on or developing empirical research strategies to understand affects' predominant role in cultural life.
Ethnographic methods
The study of culture at a distance
An introduction to qualitative research synthesis : managing the information explosion in social science research
Introduction to research methods in psychology
Picturing the social landscape : visual methods in the sociological imagination
Meditations on first philosophy in focus
Mass media research : an introduction
Qualitative research methods : collecting evidence, crafting analysis, communicating impact
Issues and methods in comparative politics : an introduction
Study guide to accompany Research methods in the social sciences
An introduction to archaeology
Multidisciplinary dialogue : wellbeing, technology and environment : extended abstract book
The Good Research Guide by bestselling author Martyn Denscombe has established itself as the introductory book on the basics of social research. It provides practical and straightforward guidance for those who need to conduct small-scale research projects as part of their undergraduate, postgraduate or professional studies. This brand new fifth edition has been thoroughly updated and revised throughout and includes new material on: the use of social media in research, including guidelines on the use of social networking sites; more on internet research and how to run online surveys; how to conduct systematic literature reviews; getting good response rates to a survey; writing research reports; and research ethics. Retaining the clear, friendly and practical approach that has made the book a must for student researchers, the new edition includes many helpful learning features such as "at a glance" summaries in "Key Points" boxes, helpful "Checklists" to guide good practice and handy "Link-ups" between key topics across the book. Every chapter provides up-to-date further reading lists to help you develop your knowledge and research skills. This is an invaluable resource for anyone conducting social research across all business, health, education and other social science disciplines.
The quest for well-being in growth industries : contexts, research design and methodological development
A system of techniques and stratagems for outlining a traditional ethnic identity
Archaeology from the Earth
Surveying for archaelogists and other fieldworkers
Current scientific techniques in archaeology
The archeological survey : methods and uses
The policy sciences : recent developments in scope and method
The folklore text : from performance to print
The new Blackwell companion to medical sociology
Practical research and evaluation : a start-to-finish guide for practitioners
What is age? A simple question but not that easy to answer. "Unmasking Age" addresses it using data from a series of research projects relating to later life. This is supplemented by material from a range of other sources including diaries and fiction. Drawing on a long career in social research, Bill Bytheway critically examines various methods and discusses ways of uncovering the realities of age.
Building a visual vocabulary : the methodology of 'reading' images in context
This book explores the ways in which small scale research studies arise from issues of practice, and how they are conceptualised, theorised and implemented using a variety of methodological approaches and frameworks. The narratives written by thirteen doctoral students tell real stories of projects and challenges that researchers face when making the transition from educational practitioner to researcher. Considering case studies from the UK, Sweden and Germany, chapters seek to investigate and inform others about how doctoral students solved individual and typical problems linking practice and research. Each methodological journey highlights and illustrates the iterative and cyclic nature of research, and the normality of the process of going back and forth between data and theory, making changes of direction as research proceeds. The book includes frameworks for combining research, theory and practice, drawing from the methodological decisions and conclusions each contributor made to develop their own practice oriented research. Narratives of Doctoral Studies in Science Education will be key reading for researchers and academics in the fields of educational research, science education, research methods and higher education, as well as masters and doctoral students undertaking their own research projects.
Research methods : a practical guide for the social sciences
Micro meets macro via aggregation
The article discusses methodological similarities and differences between Uno Harva and Mircea Eliade, with the objective of reassessing the value of their comparativist programs for the study of religion in general and of 'religious' cognition in particular. The Finnish scholar Uno Holmberg-Harva (1882-1949) was a predecessor to Eliade as a scholar of Asian and European religious history. During the first three decades of the twentieth century, when the academic study of religion was still maturing in Europe, Harva expanded considerably the field of the ethnological study of religion with his religio-phenomenological monographs Der Baum des Lebens (1922), Finno-Ugric, Siberian Mythology (1927) and Die Religiösen Vorstellungen der Altaischen Völker (1938). Harva was a towering figure in Finnish scholarship. Originally a Protestant theologian and Lutheran minister, he resigned from his ecclesiastical position to become a historian of religion, field ethnographer, ethnosociologist and folklorist under the tutelage of Edward Westermarck and Kaarle Krohn. Harva's influence on the work of Eliade has been almost entirely ignorant by historiographers of Religious Studies.
Parliamentary sources in the comparative study of conceptual history: methodological aspects and illustrations of a research proposal
Towards a methodology of museology
Beyond the language classroom
Exploring social psychology
The best of the new world of economics : ...and then some
Methodology : foundations of inference and research in the behavioral sciences
The method is dead, long live the methods! : European polynomia and pluralist methodology
Offering a variety of innovative methods and tools, The Oxford Handbook of Multi- and Mixed-Methods Research Inquiry provides the most comprehensive and up-to-date presentation on multi- and mixed-methods research available. Written in clear and concise language by leading scholars in the field, it enhances and disrupts traditional ways of asking and addressing complex research questions. Topics include an overview of theory, paradigms, and scientific inquiry; a guide to conducting a multi- and mixed-methods research study from start to finish; current uses of multi- and mixed-methods research across academic disciplines and research fields; the latest technologies and how they can be incorporated into study design; and a presentation of multiple perspectives on the key remaining debates. Each chapter in the volume is structured to include state-of-the-art research examples that cross a range of disciplines and interdisciplinary research settings. In addition, the Handbook offers multiple quantitative and qualitative theoretical and interdisciplinary visions and praxis. Researchers, faculty, graduate students, and policy makers will appreciate the exceptional, timely, and critical coverage in this Handbook, which deftly addresses the interdisciplinary and complex questions that a diverse set of research communities are facing today.
After method : mess in social science research
Feminist methodology : gender theory, feminist epistemology, sex and gender, cross-cultural feminist ethics, politics of gender, ethnography of gender
Abstract. - Swedish summary.
Towards a sociology of the mobile phone
Younger Icelandic manuscripts and Old Norse studies
The good research guide : for small-scale social research projects
The limits of explaining in religious studies
Methodological issues in applied social psychology
Mircea Eliade is, or at least has been, the most heavily crticised scholar of religions. A number of critics have been discontented with his 'uncritical' way of using data to illustrate or assert his insights. It has been said that Eliade's presuppositions about the nature of reality and religion are not scientific but metaphysical or theological. Eliade's sympathisers, on the other hand, have tried to show that he does after all have a method, and that a careful reading demonstrates that either his presuppositions are no more unscientific that those of anyone else or they can be rethought in a scientifically acceptable way. My starting point is both sympathetic and critical. My question is, what is Eliade actually attempting to understand when he states that he wants to understand religion at its own level? He himself states that he wants to unmask the 'revelations' of the sacred, or - as he also says - the transcendent, and their significance for modern man, who has lost his comprehension of both the sacred and its meaning. This he can do, he argues, by recapturing the way in which 'primitive' and 'archaic' cultures and ancient and modern traditions outside mainstream religions have used symbols to establish a patterned, harmonised view of the world, or - as Eliade prefers to say - reality. Both Eliade's critics and his sympathisers presumably agree that Eliade's presuppositions include statements about the 'essence' of religion, about the nature of reality, and about the ways religion operates, or should operate, in human life, or mode-of-being-in-the-world; they also agree that one of Eliade's main concern in religious studies is with symbols. In my article, I deal with these four points (essence, reality, mode-of-being and symbols), proposing a reading of Eliade which emphasises the scholar's encounter with the subject and not the 'essence' of the matter under study. In my conclusion I suggest that studying the ways in which humans use symbols, which they connect with the 'real' to construct a 'mode-of-being' - or, as William Paden put it, a 'world' - is one way of going 'beyond' Eliade.
Research methods for the social sciences
Water research in Finland 2002-2006 : international evaluation
Discoursive economics - critical methodoloy? : products of a seminar at the University of Joensuu in 10-11.11.1990
Religionswissenschaft as colonialist discourse : the case of Rudolf Otto
A Handbook of Media and Communication Research presents qualitative as well as quantitative approaches to the study of media and communication, integrating perspectives from both the social sciences and the humanities. Taking methodology as a strategic level of analysis that joins practical concerns with theoretical issues, the Handbook offers a comprehensive and in-depth review of the field and a set of guidelines for how to think about, plan, and carry out media and communication studies in different social and cultural contexts. The second edition has been thoroughly updated with reference to the development of the internet, mobile, and other digital media. Each chapter addresses shifting configurations of established media organizations, media discourses, and media users in networked practices of communication. The introduction and one further chapter probe changing conceptions on mass and interpersonal, online and offline communication -- in research as in everyday life. Three new chapters have been added to exemplify different forms of research employing multiple methods to study multiple media in multiple contexts.
Science and behavior : an introduction to methods of research
An introduction to logic and scientific method
Gestures within Human-Technology Choreographies for Interaction Design
Spatial theory and method for the study of religion
Futures research : new directions
Social science methodology  : a unified framework
A case for the case study
Qualitative research in nursing and healthcare
Modelling the effects of tillage processes on artefact distributions in the ploughzone : a simulation study of tillage-induced pattern formation
In the article I discuss the different functions and meanings of bronze bear-tooth pendants in the Finnish Late Iron Age (800-1150/1300 CE). I first focus on an analysis of the pendants in terms of archaeological methodology: chronology, typology and find context. The second focus on attention, and in this article the most important one, is on the interpretation on these pendants. They are usually interpreted as magical items, amulets. In my opinion this is not the only possible interpretation. I suggest that the pendants can be interpreted as magical or religious, but that their possible protective use as amulets does not exclude other functions, such as a decorative and/or social one. I emphasise the possibility that bear-tooth pendants may be linked to a symbolic form of expression involving the idea of control of the forest and wilderness. Finnish folk tradition and mythology point to a metaphoric and metonymic relationshiop on the one hand between the bear and the wilderness, on the otehr the bear and women. The bronze bear-tooth pendatns - possibly worn only by women - may have carried a symbolic message of control over the wilderness; this control could have been mythology-based and practised by ritual acts; at the same time it could also take the form of concrete acts, such as utilization of the wilderness: a fur-based economy and control over the fur trade.
The boys of Icehearts and the 'Hood : a perspective on the everyday realities of growing up in a disadvantaged neighbourhood in Finland
Exegetical method : a student's handbook
A theory of method
Archeomagnetism : a handbook for the archeologist
Approach to archaeology
Archaeology : an introduction : the history, principles and methods of modern archaeology
Concept formation in the humanities and the social sciences
Routledge handbook of qualitative research in sport and exercise
Introduction to SPSS Statistics in Psychology, 5th edition offers comprehensive and engaging coverage of how to carry out statistical analyses using SPSS Statistics. Fully updated to include an even wider range of statistical methods and to incorporate the latest version of SPSS Statistics, this text offers clear, step by step instruction and advice to students on using SPSS Statistics to analyse psychological data. For each statistical test, the text discusses * What the test is used for * When you should and shouldn't use it * Data requirements and any problems in usage * Step by step direction on how to carry out the test, using colour screenshots and labelled guidance on each part of the process * How to interpret and report the output * At a glance' summary of steps taken to do each test Suitable for students to use alongside lectures or independently when needing to grips with SPSS Statistics. This book is supported by a companion website featuring a range of resources to help students in their studies. Self-test questions, additional datasets plus handy quick guides to carrying out tests can all be found at www.pearsoned.co.uk/howitt "SPSS is the most widely used statistical analysis software suite in the social and behavioural sciences. It is used extensively in undergraduate psychology courses throughout the UK and USA. However psychology students find it notoriously difficult and often impossible to learn and use. Howitt and Cramers' SPSS Statistics in Psychology is an indispensible guide to the software, specially tailored for psychology students at all levels. The new edition is greatly enhanced by a several new features, including chapters on the analysis of moderator variables, statistical power, meta analysis, and the use of SPSS syntax. It is superbly presented and illustrated with excellent step by step procedures and guides to the interpretation of results which even introductory level students will be able to follow. The supporting datasets and worked examples also provide an excellent resource for students and teachers. It has easily maintained its lead in a competitive field, and together with its companion textbooks, Introduction to Statistics (Fifth Edition) and Introduction to Research Methods (Third Edition), it has everything that apprentice and experienced researchers in psychology need."
Value judgment and social science : structures and processes
During his 'world journey' of 1911-1912, Rudolf Otto came to embrace a form of German cultural colonialism which assigned the study of religions a key role. Concern for this colonial program guided his activities unitl the outbreak of World War I, when German colonial ambitions became unrealistic. Although it is difficult to argue that this colonial project had a major impact on Otto's conception of religion, it did alter his scholarly practice with regard to it, transforming him from a liberal systematic theologican into something more akin to whht we know today as a scholar of religions. For 25 years, from 1912 until his death in 1937, much of Otto's professional activity was taken up with importing religions materials from elsewhere, especially from south Asia - mostly texts but also material artefacts. This article reads Otto's colonialism and its rebirth as Religionswissenschaft against the grain of Otto's self-coneption and the coneption of others at the time. While cultural colonialism insisted upon its distance from the activities of the business classes, this article reads those activitites in mercantile terms, In doings so, it suggests that such a re-reading might be profitably applied not just to conceptions of scholarly activity but also to other areas where it has been customary to insist on distance from economic activity, specifically, the way in which scholars of religions have conceived what we usually call religion.
Capturing Methodological Trends in Mobile Communication Studies
Cognition and religious phenomena : a response to Håkan Rydving
Reading ethnography
Nature and history : the evolutionary approch for social scientists
A guide to historical method
Salsa dancing into the social sciences : research in an age of info-glut
Ethnomethodology at play
Narratives of doctoral studies in science education : making the transition from educational practitioner to researcher
Question evaluation methods : contributing to the science of data quality
'Two cultures' in the study of religion? A response to Håkan Rydving
The new archaeology
Method in theology
Making it happen : designing research with implementation in mind
Local geography : geographical survey in rural areas
Do the parts determine the whole or is the whole more than the sum of its parts? We consider the possibility of unified science in economics, where the macro behaviour is determined from its micro foundations. Classical impossibility results of aggregation deny this except in trivial special cases. When behavioural equations are expressed in change form (instead of levels), the connection between micro and macro formulations becomes a real possibility.
A handbook of media and communication research : qualitative and quantitative methodologies
Invitation to archaeology
Action research : principles and practice
Creating desired futures : how design thinking innovates business
Methodology of social impact assessment
Qualitative data analysis : a user-friendly guide for social scientist
Multimodality in practice : investigating theory-in-practice-through-methodology
Handbook of descriptive linguistic fieldwork
Experimental foundations of political science
Changing the narratives of university history
