http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7505 guilt
guilt
The demon Ororon. volume 2
Beware of pity
Ghost child
The unlucky lottery : an inspector Van Veereren mystery
The power and the glory
Proxy
Is a policy of resocialization incompatible with a criminal law based on culpability?
Billy Budd, sailor and other stories
The round house
Conviction : law, the state and the construction of justice
The dark room
Death by water
The experiences of shame and guilt in Finland and Colombia
The concepts of "Rechtsgut", "Handlung" and "Schuld"
Crime and punishment
Is shame necessary? : new uses for an old tool
Drive by
Absent or Ambivalent Mothers and Avoidant Children - An Evolutionary Reading of Zhang Kangkang's Motherhood Stories
Sing in the morning, cry at night
Determined to overreach his humanity and assert his untrammelled individual will, Raskolnikov, an impoverished student living in the St. Petersburg of the Tsars, commits an act of murder and theft and sets into motion a story which, for its excrutiating suspense, its atmospheric vividness, and its profundity of characterization and vision, is almost unequaled in the literatures of the world. The best known of Dostoevsky's masterpieces, Crime and Punishment can bear any amount of rereading without losing a drop of its power over our imagination.
Mens rea and defences in European criminal law
Kurt Waldheim : a case to answer?
Fellside is a maximum security prison on the edge of the Yorkshire Moors. It's not the kind of place you'd want to end up. But it's where Jess Moulson could be spending the rest of her life.  It's a place where even the walls whisper.  And one voice belongs to a little boy with a message for Jess.  Will she listen?
Hit and run
The secret history
Victory of eagles : a novel of Temeraire
The forgotten waltz
Professional negligence in Hungarian criminal law
The drowning
Shame and guilt : a key to cross-cultural ministry
The demon Ororon. volume 1
The accident
This evolutionary reading of the Chinese writer Zhang Kangkang's maternal stories explores the specificities and agency of mothers and of children. The dilemma confronted by physically absent and/or emotionally detached mothers, depicted in Zhang's stories, entails women's strategic intelligence to make tradeoffs between their reproductive efforts and their life stage and conditions. It sheds light on conditional maternal commitment, the necessity and feasibility of cooperative childrearing, and various mother-child conflicts. Zhang's texts also describe insecurely attached infants and children who sink into a nonchalant and avoidant state after experiencing distress, terror, or resentment due to insensitive and unpredictable mothering. Absent and ambivalent mothers are generally harassed by the feeling of guilt, resulting from conditional maternal commitment, mother-child conflicts, and the high expectations of the motherhood myth. Children's counterstrategies also regulate and enhance maternal or alloparental care.
Ash and bone
The island : there is no sanctuary from sin
Sorry
Psychiatry and criminal culpability
The gods of guilt
Impatience of the heart
The outsider
The life-changing magic of not giving a f**k : how to stop spending time you don't have doing things you don't want to do with people you don't like
The trial /cby Franz Kafka
Willow
When my parents forgot how to be friends
Everyone who acts responsibly becomes guilty : Bonhoeffer's concept of accepting guilt
A cupboard full of coats
Kinder than solitude : a novel
Saint Maybe
Police : [a Harry Hole thriller]
The marble faun; or, The romance of Monte Beni
Only we know
Daring greatly : how the courage to be vulnerable transforms the way we live, love, parent and lead
The demon Ororon. volume 3
Philosophy and the criminal law : principle and critique
The trial
Death in holy orders
Privileged Syd and and his proxy, Knox, are thrown together to overthrow the system / Library of Congress.
The benefactor
The theme of guilt in Arthur Miller's plays All my sons, The crucible, and After the fall
The living and the dead in Winsford
A backhanded gift : a novel
A Christmas garland
The lady in the van
Diary of the fall
Torn
Determinism, blameworthiness, and deprivation
The world before us
Lord Jim : a tale
The Brothers Karamazov. 1
Daring greatly : how the courage to be vulnerable transforms the way we live, love, parent, and lead
The damned and the elect : guilt in Western culture
The undertaking
A dark and broken heart
Blame : its nature and norms
The convent
The metamorphosis
Courts, prosecution, and conviction
Strange shores
Our chemical hearts
1939, and Will and Alice are evacuated to a granite farm in north Cornwall, perched on a windswept cliff. There they meet the farmer's daughter, Maggie, and against shimmering barley fields and a sky that stretches forever, enjoy a childhood largely protected from the ravages of war. But in the sweltering summer of 1943 something happens that will have tragic consequences. A small lie escalates out of all proportion. Over 70 years on Alice is determined to make amends - but has she left it too late? 2014, and Maggie's granddaughter Lucy flees to the childhood home she couldn't wait to leave thirteen years earlier, marriage over; career apparently ended thanks to one terrible mistake. Can she rebuild herself and the family farm? And can she help her grandmother, plagued by a secret, to find some lasting peace?
Life-changing magic of not giving a f**k : how to stop spending time you don't have with people you don't like doing things you don't want to do
Speaker for the dead
Easy peasy
A mother apart : how to let go of guilt & find happiness living apart from your child
The Brothers Karamazov. 2
Blame and responsibility
The incident
Crime, guilt, and punishment : a philosophical introduction
Meet me on the beach
Natural flights of the human mind
Skip the guilt trap : simple steps to help you move on with your life
On the principle of guilt, in Finnisch Criminal Justice : intentionality, knowledge and motivational factors as preconditions for criminal liability
The faithful couple
We need to talk about Kevin
Guilt and gratitude : a study of the origins of contemporary conscience
In praise of blame
Guilt : the grey eminence behind character, history and culture
Grey souls
The G file : a Van Veeteren mystery
Practical guilt : moral dilemmas, emotions, and social norms
So brave, young, and handsome
Crime and punishment : the original classic edition
Crime, culpability, and remedy
Guilt about the past
The solitude of prime numbers
Confiscation of the proceeds from crime and the principle of presumption of innocence
Nightmare : a Jack Nightingale supernatural thriller
Hour of the wolf : an inspector Van Weeteren mystery
Metamorphosis and other stories
On the principle of guilt in Finnish criminal justice : intentionality, knowledge and motivational factors as preconditions for criminal liability
Shuttlecock
Secret. 3, Final
The story of crime & punishment
The tension among the survivors of the bus accident reaches its threshold as the one-week deadline finally arrives. The three killers may have confessed, but does this mean that all their sins are accounted for? What truly constitutes a crime? Or to what extent is an action criminal? And when the gavel falls on their sentences, perhaps all might not be as it seems.
The learning to love yourself workbook
In my house
Transcendental guilt : reflections on ethical finitude
Mommy guilt : learn to worry less, focus on what matters most, and raise happier kids
The demon Ororon. volume 4
The farm at the edge of the world
The white lie
