http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p750 prices
prices
The sustainability of Chinese growth
Prices and wages rewiew. 1994
The determinants of forest land prices : an empirical analysis
Determinants of Burgundy Pinot Noir wine prices
Allum's antiques almanac 2015 : an annual compendium of stories and facts from the world of art and antiques
An evaluation of the effects of an increase in the price of tobacco and a proposal for the tobacco price policy in Finland in 1985-87
Assessing causal linkages between the emerging stock  markets of Asia and Russia
Long-term transmission rights in the Nordic electricity markets : an empirical appraisal of transmission risk management and hedging
The 2007-2008 food price swing : impact and policies in Eastern and Southern Africa
Bond pricing and portfolio analysis : protecting investors in the long run
The UK Housing Market: Study of Why and to What Extent Was the UK Housing Market Over-Valued and Was There a Bubble Present in the Beginning of the 21st Century.
Facit 1967 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialised catalogue of Scandinavian stamps
Retail pricing : an integrated economic and psychological approach
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2015:II
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
House price fluctuations and residential sorting
E-retailers and their marketing practises : a study of Finnish electronics E-retailers that are listed on price comparison websites
The theory of price
Consumer Price Index
Farm prices : myth and reality
Vertical price transmission in the Finnish import fruit markets
The price system and resource allocation
Low interest rates reflected in house prices
HEX-index : calculation principles and formulas
Christie's review of the season 1983
Whole sales market for fresh potato in Finland
Collecting world coins : more than a century of circulating issues, 1901- present
Facit 1973 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialized catalogue of Nordic stamps
The time pattern of single family house price changes
Is it all about the price? : reasons for the small market shares of organic meat and meat products in Austria
For undergraduate courses in cost-benefit analysis. A practical introduction to cost-benefit analysis through problem solving. This authoritative, market-leading text is known for its consistent application of a nine-step framework for conducting or interpreting a cost-benefit analysis. This edition includes a number of chapters that have been revised and reorganized to make the material clearer and more accessible.
Starting a restaurant business in Saint-Petersburg - Guide for Finnish entrepreneurs
Effects of increased output or price increase of an intermediate good under rigid nominal and real wages
Virtual price approach to short-term timber supply under credit rationing
Inflation targeting : analyzing indicators of inflation in Finland
Managing energy price risk
Intermediate price and income theory
Falling oil prices translate into an income transfer from producers to consumers
Distribution price of electricity and potential welfare improvements
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Prospect theory and asset prices
Japan's inflation expectations as a measure of the success of Abenomics
The price index
Stock splits and return volatility
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2005:1
Cointegration analysis of Finnish prices of beef and pork
Farm prices and related measures 1990/1991 : Council decisions
Bid-ask spread in Finnish housing markets
Using web applications for improved customer service in logistics : case study: Freight Calculator for Russian Cargo Service Oy
Forecasting prices of paper products : focusing on the relation between autocorrelation structure and economic theory
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2016:IV
The impact of further tariff reduction on the EU sugar sector in the forthcoming multilateral round
Sulphur content in ships bunker fuel in 2015 : a study on the impacts of the new IMO regulations and transportation costs
Price theory : an intermediate text theory
Testing for granger-causality in the Finnish roundwood market
Imposing regularity in prices on factor demand models : an application to the regular region studies
Risks and prospects of smart electric grids systems measured with real options
The optimal pricing of exports invoiced in different currencies
Price and quality : essays on product differentiation
Model for installation cost management : Engineering process of a power plant project
Portfolio efficiency of capital asset pricing models : empirical evidence on thin stock markets
House prices have in the past 10 years risen in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area faster than in the other large Finnish cities. The widening price gap may reflect the increasing attractiveness of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area relative to the other major cities. At the same time, the decline in housing loan interest rates has reduced the user cost of owner-occupied housing. This may also explain why house prices have risen in areas where the supply of housing has not grown correspondingly..
Bertrand equilibrium and price competition
China has experienced strong economic growth for over a quarter century.This brisk growth is expected to continue thanks to such factors as China's huge labour reserve, improvements in education levels, further integration of China into the global economy and a high savings rate, which provides China with strong potential for domestic investment.On the other hand, economic development is threatened by other trends, including widening inequality, the growing complexity of the decision-making framework and worsening of the public sector economy due to banking sector fragility and the absence of an adequate pension system.Keywords: China, economic development, growth .
HEX-indeksien laskenta = Calculation of HEX indices
China was able to combine slow inflation with very rapid economic growth for more than a decade. Finally, in 2007 inflation started to accelerate and there are a number of factors that may increase the pressure on China's price level in the near future. Most importantly, money supply growth is expected to remain rapid due to the ballooning foreign currency inflows. In addition, according to some estimates, economic growth has accelereated above its long-term potential and also a number of structural factors are likely to push production costs up. Counterbalancing part of the rising costs, productivity growth has somewhat accelerated during recent years. With low cost levels and fastly growing exports, China is believed to have exported deflation into its trading partners in recent years. However, due to the fact that the direct impacts of globalisation on inflation in the advanced economies have been moderate, also the effect of a possible rise in China's cost leve!  l on inflation in eg euro area is expected to remain small. However, the indirect impacts on price dynamics are much more difficult to forecast.  Keywords: China, inflation, monetary policy .
Propagation of financial shocks : empirical studies of financial spillovers
Perspectives on Russia's energy sector
Inflation swaps are financial instruments used for the purpose of hedging against future inflation. Inflation expectations extracted from inflation swaps are often used as a measure of the market's inflation expectations, but the evolution of the swaps does not always correspond to actual changes in inflation expectations. When the market's expectations are assessed on the basis of inflation swaps, it is important to pay attention to the specific features of these agreements. Consequently, in assessing changes in short-term inflation expectations, forward inflation (e.g. annual inflation one year ahead) should be used rather than inflation swap rates..
An evaluation of the reasons for high nordic price levels
THE USE OF REVENUE MANAGMENT IN HOTEL ACCOMMODATION INDUSTRY IN EASTERN FINLAND
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of statistics. 2004:2
On the importance of borrowing contraints for house price dynamics
The challenges of the Medvedev era
Projecting pulpwood prices under different assumptions on future capacities in the pulp and paper industry
Why your world is about to get a whole lot smaller
The collector's cabinet : tales, facts & fictions from the world of antiques
Price theory and its uses
Consumer prices have risen in Finland at a higher pace than in the euro area. This has eroded Finnish consumers' purchasing power and weakened the competitiveness of the economy. Of household expenditure, approximately 40% is services-related, and Finnish services prices, in particular, have risen at a relatively rapid pace. Since the financial crisis, domestic services prices have risen by over 10% compared with the euro area average. Finnish services price inflation has been the highest in the euro area..
Price-forecasting techniques and their application to minerals and metals in the global economy
Forecasting day-ahead electricity prices : are next-day weather forecasts good day-ahead price indicators in Nord Pool Spot market?
Big pharma : how the world's biggest drug companies control illness
How to succeed with a thousand TWH reform? : restructuring the Russian power sector
Are stock market prices related to the weather effects? : empirical evidence from New York City
The theory of wage determination : proceedings of a conference held by the International Economic Association
Quality and price perceptions of urban Chinese consumers
Two major shifts in global energy markets have occurred over the past ten years. First, emerging economies now drive growth in global energy consumption and use more than half of all energy produced globally. The growth emphasis has clearly shifted to emerging economies. Second, traditional energy markets have been challenged by the arrival of unconventional hydrocarbons and plentiful liquefied natural gas. Renewable energy sources continue to meet an increasing share of consumption, yet even a few decades from now they will account for less than 20% of overall production. At the same time, access to unconventional oil and gas deposits has driven down production costs, especially in the United States and Canada. This has led to a dramatic drop in natural gas prices in North America even as energy prices have remained high in Europe.  Keywords: energy markets, shale gas, liquefied natural gas (LNG) .
Consumers' attitudes towards food prices
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers and laborers
Clearing, money and investment: The Finnish perspective on trading with the USSR
Cost-benefit analysis : concepts and practice
Between 2007 and 2008, the world experienced a dramatic swing in commodity prices. Eastern and Southern African countries experienced considerable difficulties due to the price food swing. The food price boom resulted in increased poverty and significant food security problems as households struggled to meet the high cost of food. The decline in exports due to weak demand, decreased foreign investment and migrant remittances, as well as high unemployment all added to the burden of already vulnerable African Countries. Policy reactions to the food price surge have been prompt in many developing countries. The key objective of this title is to discuss feasible approaches for the economic management of food price booms and slumps. As a first step to policy assessment, the paper also reviews the nature of the food price swing, analyzes its impact on both household and wider economy levels and examines the policies that have been, or are currently being implemented in Eastern and Southern Africa.--Publisher's description.
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
The most expensive country in the euro area
The paper examines the impact of American Depositary Receipt (ADR) listings on   the return of underlying Russian stocks.The contribution of this   paper is twofold.First, it looks at a new sample of ADRs issued by Russian companies.Second, the technique used to estimate the market model is different from the previous studies.The returns are modeled to follow a GARCH process, as opposed to the usual OLS procedure, which assumes homoscedasticity in   residual returns.Average abnormal returns and cumulative average abnormal returns are calculated for the [-25, +25] event window, with the ADR listing date being the event date.The results indicate a significant negative abnormal local market return on an ADR listing day.Return volatilities after the listing are compared to those before the listing. Eleven out of sixteen companies experienced increased volatility of local returns after cross-listing .
Valuation of the Finnish stock index options under three alternative return distribution specifications
Oil price shocks, unions and real wages : the time-varying parameter model approach
Econometric models of Finnish non-industrial private forest owners' timber supply and timber stock
Price theory : a provisional text
Essays on competition in e-markets
Quantile regression estimates for hydro balance and temperature affecting electricity spot price
Index numbers and decomposition spaces
Transfer Pricing in Russia, analyzing an international company during internship – Case Liebherr
Endogenous market transparency and price competition
Agricultural prices : Price indices and absolute prices. Glossarium
Facit 1972 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialized catalogue of Nordic stamps
Weekly predictability of daily returns : a periodic autoregressive model approach
Facit 1971 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialized catalogue of Nordic stamps
The procurement of wood raw materials by Finnish paper industry - an outlook
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2005:2
Measuring the impact of transactions costs on the pricing of Swedish call options
The new international price competition
Determinants of price fluctuations in diverse Polish real estate markets
This paper examines the vertical price transmission of banana and orange prices in Finland using import and consumer price series from years 1998-2009. Considering the stationary behaviour of the price series, the dynamic relationship between import and consumer price is investigated by Autoregressive Distributed Lag (ADL) models and Error Correction Models (ECM). The results show that the vertical price transmission is symmetric both with banana and orange. However, the analysis concentrates on the speed of adjustment towards the equilibrium of prices. Due to linearity of the model it does not take into account the magnitude of the price change.
Essays on market dynamics and frictions
The measurement of durable goods prices
Direct and indirect barriers to arbitrage : evidence from Hong Kong listed China's shares
On the pricing problem in business economics : a life-cycle approach with an empirical questionnaire in Finnish industry
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Generalized method of moments test of the Black & Scholes model
Conditions for loss averse and gain seeking consumer price behavior
The Dilemma of Real Estate Market in Mainland China
On price adjustment in the sawlog and sawnwood export markets of the Finnish sawmill industry
Towards an analysis of the problem of excessive pricing?
In the years since the financial crisis and up until recent months, domestic consumer prices have risen at a higher pace than in the euro area, and Finland is currently the most expensive country in the euro area as measured by consumer prices. The elevated price level erodes consumers' purchasing power, while the rapid increase in prices weakens the cost-competitiveness of Finnish export industries. Compared with the rest of the euro area, the price rise has been particularly rapid for commodities with large components of labour costs and indirect taxes..
Indices of owner-occupied housing prices
China's inflationary pressures and their impact on inflation in euro area
Impact of cross-listing on local stock returns / Case of  Russian ADRs
Payment systems for ex-farm milk
Forecasting commodity prices with nonlinear models
Russia's gas business / facts, challenges and the road to  reform
The Russian gas sector, one of Russia's key industries, needs urgent reform to deal with ageing gas fields, excessive state regulation, monopolistic control over the industry and inadequate, outdated pipeline infrastructure.The dangers of supply disruptions are particularly striking in view of ever-increasing demand for natural gas in Russia's domestic market and internationally.To prevent Russian natural gas supply from decline, three major issues must be addressed.First, regulation has kept domestic prices artificially low and eliminated incentives to make necessary investments.Second, independent producers still lack fair access to the market, especially the pipeline network.Third, there is a compelling need for systematic investment.Keywords: Russia, Natural Gas, Energy, Reform .
Modeling long-term price development by using time-series auto-regression and expert judgments
Essays on expectations and the econometrics of asset pricing
Asymmetric news effects on volatility : good vs. bad news in good vs. bad times
How do quality metrics influence the price of an outsourcing contract? : a case study of co-sourcing in the call center field
Perception-based pricing strategies for mobile services in customer marketing context
Prices and knowledge : a market-process perspective
Electricity and economics : an introductory survey
We introduce a model of price competition with endogenous market transparency, where it is costly for consumers to get informed about the announced prices. We show that there is symmetric mixed strategy equilibrium with a monotonic relationship between the degree of transparency and intensity of competition. Interestingly, we find that there exist multiple equilibria with zero, low and high levels of market transparency with the high level of market transparency being the stable equilibrium. Once comparing the stable equilibrium with the welfare maximizing one we find that the private market solution entails excessive investments in information acquisition. That is, at high levels of transparency the gain of consumers from increased transparency is smaller than the loss in the firms' profits leading to decrease in total welfare.
Testing the Random Walk Hypothesis for Severstal Froup
No analysis of the Russian economy today can ignore the role of energy production. Russia is the world's largest producer of crude oil and natural gas, the world's third largest consumer of energy and a global giant in hydrocarbon exports. But just how big is the actual contribution of oil and gas production to national economic output? Who is discovering, pumping and shipping Russia's oil? What is the energy sector's role in government revenue and Russia's external balance? This issue of BOFIT Online comprises nine short articles with timely insights into the challenges facing Russia's energy sector.  Key words: Russia, energy, natural gas, oil, state economy, electricity production .
Facit 1970 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialized catalogue of Nordic stamps
The importance of price and package design for consumers when they buy premium private label products
Prices of agricultural products and selected inputs in Europe and North America
The fall in the oil price is broadly reflected across the current situation in the global economy and the outlook for the future. According to most assessments, the oil price drop is for the most part a positive supply shock that in the short term will support growth and slow inflation in net oil-importing countries. In addition to the oil price, long-term interest rates have also declined substantially in the euro area. As a whole, the outlook for the advanced economies has strengthened on average, while the outlook for many emerging economies has weakened. There are, however, major differences within the country groups, a fact also reflected in exchange rates. A particular case in point is the appreciation of the US dollar..
Government size and economic growth : some evidence from a market price approach
A price index is often loosely defined as some sort of average or mean of price ratios. A basic property of a mean, such as the arithmetic or geometric, for example, is that a grand mean may always be calculated as a suitably weighted mean of submeans. An analogous property of index numbers is called consistency in aggregation in the relevant literature. In this article we use the fact that with weak regularity conditions consistency in aggregation implies that pricequantity index pairs may be viewed as quasilinear means. Using this we show that these index number pairs may be equated with convex combinations in a suitably constructed vector space. We may thus apply linear algebra to their study, which is a completely new approach to the subject. To illustrate the strength of our approach, we derive a equivalence theorem of quasilinear index number formulas and additive decompositions of value change. We argue that this result shows that consistency in aggregation may be interpreted as consistency between the treatment of ratios and di*erences. We also show that many wellknown index number axioms have linear algebraic interpretations and give conditions under which a decomposition space has a natural inner product structure.
Modelling future timber price development by using expert judgments and time series analysis
Retail price levels and concentration of wholesalers, retailers, and hypermarkets
From the farmer...to the consumer
Russia now ranks among the world's ten largest economies and continues to experience rapid growth. Industrial investment and real incomes are soaring. Federal finances are in excellent shape, giving the government a welcome opportunity to invest in long-term development of human capital, improvement of living conditions and bolstering of the country's infrastructure. Fixing Russia, however, is not without its challenges. For long-neglected sectors such as health care and education, financial infusions alone will be insufficient to bring change - structural reforms are needed. Double-digit inflation has also returned after slowing throughout most of the 2000s. The rise in prices has been driven by a global increase in food prices, along with a number of domestic factors. Finland has benefited from Russia's economic growth, and exports to Russia have risen rapidly even with the loss of market share to competitors. Energy's significance for the Russian economy remains large and the country has huge opportunities to improve its efficiency of energy use and production through e.g. price deregulation. While the direction is clear, the road ahead for Russia will not be easy. Russia seeks to become a leading global innovator over the medium term - a perhaps overambitious goal given the starting point.  Key words: Russia, economy, social issues, foreign trade, energy.
Regulating pharmaceutical markets in Finland
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
Rational exchange rate and price expectations under different exchange rate regimes in Finland
Multidimensional analysis of consumer's price perception and price-quality relationship
Analysis factors affecting supply of agricultural products : market liberalization, agricultural policies, bioenergy policies, population growth, input price development, trade policies and other relevant factors
The business potential for Vietnamese coffee in Scandinavian market
Cheap : the real cost of the global trend for bargains, discounts & consumer choice
The golden constant : the English and American experience 1560-1976
Asuntojen hinnat = House prices. 2006
MILLER'S COLLECTORS CARS YEARBOOK & PRICE GUIDE 2001
Rise in services prices has made Finland an expensive country
Long-term gas supply contracts between EU area buyers and third country producers in the continental European gas market : a changing paradigm of contract and pricing structure
Long-run price transmission in the different regions of the Finnish housing markets
The food sector in transition - Nordic research : proceedings of NJF-seminar no. 313, June 2000
Revisiting demand reactions to price changes
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
Post Keynesian price theory
Book prices in Australia and the United States of America
Pioneering price level targeting : the Swedish experience 1931-1937
Vertical market integration and competition : the meat sector in Slovenia
Industrial pricing : theory and evidence
Energiatilastot. 1999.
Price competition and market concentration : an experimental study
Redefining loss averse and gain seeking consumer price behavior : based on demand response
Value-in-exchange or expected value-in-use
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2016:III
Pricing fox options under conditional heteroscedasticity in returns
Stock price behaviour and economic operations of the firm
The antiques magpie : a compendium of absorbing history, stories and facts from the world of antiques
Energy prices
Summary.
Identifying the driving forces behind price fluctuations and potential food crisis
Pricing in theory and practice
The Russian economy is evidently largely based on the energy sector.This has raised concern in academic circles as to whether Russia is to some degree affected by the Dutch disease, i.e. whether a sharp rise of commodity prices results in an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which undermines the competitiveness of manufacturing and may lead to the deindustrialization of the economy.We focus on this possible final outcome, which has not been studied much in the literature so far: We compare Russian industrial import growth - based on EU-25 volume export figures to Russia - with domestic industrial production growth, disaggregated by branches, in the period from 2002 to 2006.In all manufacturing sectors except electrical, electronic and optical equipment and strongly protected foodstuffs, imports are found to be expanding faster than domestic output.In some sectors, imports have even exceeded domestic production.Import competition is therefore strong and rising.We conclude that Russia may be facing incipient deindustrialization at least in some parts of the manufacturing sector.This could indicate that the Russian economy has contracted the Dutch disease, although it should be noted that other factors could also have driven sectoral changes.While it is beyond the scope of our study to examine whether the other chain links of the Dutch disease hold as well, it does provide evidence of some movements in the direction of deindustrialization, which is in line with the Dutch disease theory. Keywords: Dutch disease, Russia, EU25, import competition, deindustrialization, foreign trade .
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
The price system
Japan's policy of actively stimulating the economy has been dubbed Abenomics, after Shinzo Abe, who was elected as prime minister a little over a year ago. The main objective of Abenomics is to bring Japan on to a permanent growth trajectory and leave behind the prolonged deflationary spiral. The Bank of Japan has set a 2% inflation target, which it supports with a monetary policy of zero interest rates and quantitative easing. Both recorded inflation and consumers' and market inflation expectations have firmed up in recent months. It is, however, unclear to what extent the current performance of the Japanese economy is a consequence of the policies pursued and whether the changes will be permanent..
How well do inflation swaps reflect expected inflation?
This paper examines the driving forces in stock market fluctuations in Russia.We found no evidence of a causal relationship running from the emerging stock markets of Asia to Russia.Instead, US and Japanese share price movements seem to have strong implications for Russian share prices. Keywords: Russia, stock markets, causality testing .
Index option valuation with risk adjustment
Exchange rate changes and the Finnish sawnwood demand and price in the UK market
Macroeconomic crisis and price distortions in Russia
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2004:1
A general theory of optimal capital accumulation under price uncertainty and costly reversibility
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of statistics. 2004:3
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
A Dynamic forecasting model for the Finnish pulp export price
Prices of dwellings in housing companies
The transformation of global energy markets
Essays on purchasing power parity puzzle
US Baseline briefing book : projections for agricultural and biofuel markets
The Rusian non-fuel sector : signs of Dutch disease? : evidence  from EU-25 import competition
The reliance on primary commodity exports posits a weighty problem for a large number of low-income less-developed countries, which is further aggravated by the erratic behaviour of commodity prices. Rational expectations competitive storage models conjecture that storage behaviour engenders nonlinear commodity pricing processes. Motivated by theoretical considerations state of the art nonlinear time series models are put to the task of forecasting an important subset of primary commodities, base metals. Nonlinear models, especially feedforward artificial neural networks, meet their mettle and hence may prove useful tools from a commodity-policy standpoint by providing at least some degree of visibility.
Quality and Price Perceptions of Urban Chinese Consumers
Forward hedging under price and production risk of wheat
