http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7502 skeleton
skeleton
Spine secrets
Critical pathways in therapeutic intervention : extremities and spine
Physical examination of the spine and extremities
Formin proteins in normal tissues and cancer
Interaction of Baculovirus with the Surface of Mammalian Cells and Intracellular Changes during Transduction
Management of common musculoskeletal disorders : physical therapy principles and methods
Movement, stability & lumbopelvic pain : integration of research and therapy
Bones and joints : a guide for students
Functional anatomy of the spine
Clinical biomechanics
Osmotic haemolysis of human erythrocytes : the effects of lysophosphatidylcholine, swelling rate and temperature
Musculoskeletal examination of the spine : making the complex simple
Movement, stability and low back pain : the essential role of the pelvis
The spine : basic evaluation and mobilization techniques
Clinical application of neuromuscular techniques. Volume 2, The lower body
Integrins on the move
The percussionists' guide to injury treatment and prevention : the answer guide for drummers in pain
Clinical anatomy of the lumbar spine and sacrum
Joint structure and function : a comprehensive analysis
Manual mobilization of the joints : the Kaltenborn Method of joint examination and treatment. Volume 2, The Spine
Small animal spinal disorders : diagnosis and surgery
Radiographic positioning and related anatomy workbook and laboratory manual : volume 1, chapters 1-13
Muscle stretching in manual therapy : a clinical manual. Vol. 1, The extremities
Essentials of the spine
Musculoskeletal interventions: techniques for therapeutic exercise
Mobilisation of the spine : a primary handbook of clinical method
Armored core : verdict day : PlayStation 3
Physical therapy of the cervical and thoracic spine
Rothman-Simeone, the spine. Volume 2
Radiological diagnosis of spinal cord diseases in dogs
Radiographic positioning and related anatomy : workbook and laboratory manual. Volume 1, Chapters 1-13
Netter's orthopaedic clinical examination : : an evidence-based approach
Systematic musculoskeletal examination : including manual medicine diagnostic techniques
Spinal manipulation made simple : a manual of soft tissue techniques
Rational manual therapies
Armored core : verdict day : Xbox 360
Grieve's modern manual therapy : the vertebral column
How to care for your back
Therapeutic exercise for spinal segmental stabilization in low back pain : scientific basis and clinical approach
The sixth edition of this popular text introducing human movement to a range of readers, offers the building blocks, signposts and opportunities to think about the application and integration of basic Human Movement theory. It confirms basic knowledge which is then applied to specific areas. Drawing on the expertise of a range of authors from the healthcare professions, the new edition has adopted a themed approach that links chapters in context. The strength of this current edition is the explicit chapter integration which attempts to mimic the realities of human movement. The themed approach explores the psychosocial influences on movement. Integration is further facilitated by increased cross-referencing between the chapters and the innovative use of one themed case study throughout. Framed about a family unit, this case study enables chapter authors to explicitly apply the content of their chapters to the real world of human movement. Taken as a whole, this more integrated format will enable readers to see the reality and complexity of human movement.
Human movement : an introductory text
Molecules of the cytoskeleton
The kinesiology workbook
Turek's Orthopaedics : principles and their application
Joint mobilization/manipulation : extremity and spinal techniques
Assessment of the spine
Ultrasound imaging and low back pain
Interactions and turnover of the muscular dystrophy protein myotilin
Manual of combined movements : their use in examination and treatment of musculoskeletal vertebral column disorders
Interactive spine
Mechanical low back pain : perspectives in functional anatomy
Comprehensive manual therapy for the cervical and thoracic spine
Structural and functional characterization of the focal adhesion protein FAP52
Neuromusculoskeletal examination and assessment : a handbook for therapists
Presents dissections of unembalmed human bodies, allowing access to specific content through indexes and keyword searches. The specimens rotate relative to the camera, giving a three-dimensional view. Synchronized narration introduces strutures and their relationships. Links to section contents and index appear throughout; the main menu offers access to the index, table of contents (including review) and glossary for each disc.
Muscles : testing and function : fourth edition with posture and pain
Maitland's vertebral manipulation : management of neuromusculoskeletal disorders - volume 1
Disc degeneration of lumbar spine : MRI-based assesment, risk factors and relation to low back pain
Right in the middle : selective trunk activity in the treatment of adult hemiplegia
The pollen tube : a cellular and molecular perspective
Rothman-Simeone, the spine. Volume 1
Molecular interactions of neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis protein CLN3
Measurement of joint motion : a guide to goniometry
Comprehensive manual therapy for the lumbar spine
The physiology of the joints. Volume 3, The trunk and the vertebral column
Neuromechanical basis of kinesiology
Manipulation of the spine, thorax and pelvis : an osteopathic perspective
Clinical and radiological anatomy of the lumbar spine
Spondylolysis, spondylolisthesis, and degenerative spondylolisthesis
Muscles : testing and function with posture and pain
Rothman-Simeone, the spine. Vol. 1
Wearable robots : biomechatronic exoskeletons
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 3, The trunk
Keep your joints young : banish your aches, pains and creaky joints
Color atlas and textbook of human anatomy. Vol. 1, Locomotor system
Manual mobilization of the joints : joint examination and basic treatment. Volume 3, Traction-manipulation of the extremities and spine : basic thrust techniques
Massage and manual therapy for orthopedic conditions
The thorax : an integrated approach
Systematic analysis of disease pathways in congenital, infantile and juvenile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses
Anatomy and human movement : structure and function
The cytoskeleton and cell motility
Magnetic resonance imaging guided musculoskeletal interventions at 0.23T : optical instrument guidance, bone biopsy, periradicular nerve root therapy, discography, osteoid osteoma laser ablation; a feasibility study
Rothman-Simeone, the spine. Vol. 2
Muscle stretching in manual therapy : a clinical manual. Vol. 2, The spinal column and the temporo-mandibular joint
The challenge of enhanced and long-term baculovirus-mediated gene expression in vertebrate cells
