http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7515 downsizing
downsizing
Downsizing in America : reality, causes, and consequences
The objective of the thesis was to explore comprehensively how downsizing is implemented in the case companies and to examine the reflections on the downsizing process of the managers that have been involved in downsizing activities in their companies. The purpose was to find out what measures, if included in the downsizing implementation process could lead to a successful downsizing process and consequently come up with recommendations that could be used as a guideline in the planning and implementation of downsizing. The theoretical framework was based on literature about downsizing and organisational re-structuring, mostly the theories introduced by Kim Cameron and Sarah Freeman, Joel Brockner, Aneil Mishra and Karen Mishra, Steven Appelbaum and Magda Donia, and Gretchen Spreitzer. In addition, the views of various other authors were studied to create a solid base for conducting the empirical research. The focus was on the downsizing process and its implications as these are the core issues in the research questions. The empirical part of the study was conducted in the form of semi-structured thematic interviews with three managers from three different companies. The questions guiding the inter-views were based on the theoretical framework. The analytical approach used to analyse the findings was qualitative. The empirical findings were analysed together with the frame of reference. The results of the study revealed that the companies̕ approach to downsizing was determined by the company̕ s objectives, and how the downsizing is implemented is mainly the role of the downsizing managers. In their role, managers could take into use certain tactics known as the ̕ managerial downsizing tactics̕ during the downsizing process to ensure a successful downsizing implementation process. The results also revealed that how downsizing is implemented is governed strictly by the law in Finland. Finally it was revealed that the downsizing process is a difficult undertaking for the managers, and they have taken it as part of their managerial obligations. In conclusion, certain measures if taken into use when managers are implementing downsizing in their companies could prevent adverse implications that are normally associated with downsizing and guarantee a successful downsizing process. Though the adverse consequences that accompany downsizing may never be completely eliminated, the managers could take more time to plan for the downsizing implementation process as the successful downsizing is dependent on it.
Reduction of lead time of screens and feeders
Condensing texts, condensed texts
Mitigation possibilities to greenhouse gas emissions from power production in India
The organization in crisis : downsizing, restructuring, and privatization
Organizational downsizing process
Human costs of organizational downsizing : comparing health trends between leavers and stayers
Organizational downsizing and the Finnish manager from an ethical perspective
Radical welfare state retrenchment in comparative perspective
