http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7519 local politics
local politics
Participation of women and men in decision-making : an analysis of five European organisations
Governing European cities : social fragmentation, social exclusion and urban governance
Internal colonalism and the regional party system in Eastern Finland
Leadership and organizational change
"Our ability to make choices is fundamental to our sense of ourselves as human beings, and essential to the political values of freedom-protecting nations. Whom we love; where we work; how we spend our time; what we buy; such choices define us in the eyes of ourselves and others, and much blood and ink has been spilt to establish and protect our rights to make them freely. Choice can also be a burden. Our cognitive capacity to research and make the best decisions is limited, so every active choice comes at a cost. In modern life the requirement to make active choices can often be overwhelming. So, across broad areas of our lives, from health plans to energy suppliers, many of us choose not to choose. By following our default options, we save ourselves the costs of making active choices. By setting those options, governments and corporations dictate the outcomes for when we decide by default.This is among the most significant ways in which they effect social change, yet we are just beginning to understand the power and impact of default rules. Many central questions remain unanswered: When should governments set such defaults, and when should they insist on active choices? How should such defaults be made? What makes some defaults successful while others fail? Cass R. Sunstein has long been at the forefront of developing public policy and regulation to use government power to encourage people to make better decisions. In this major new book, Choosing Not to Choose, he presents his most complete argument yet for how we should understand the value of choice, and when and how we should enable people to choose not to choose. The onset of big data gives corporations and governments the power to make ever more sophisticated decisions on our behalf, defaulting us to buy the goods we predictably want, or vote for the parties and policies we predictably support.As consumers we are starting to embrace the benefits this can bring. But should we? What will be the long-term effects of limiting our active choices on our agency? And can such personalized defaults be imported from the marketplace to politics and the law? Confronting the challenging future of data-driven decision-making, Sunstein presents a manifesto for how personalized defaults should be used to enhance, rather than restrict, our freedom and well-being"--
Learning economy : an essay on globalization and learning economy as a challenge to local government
Local socialism? : Labour councils and New Left alternatives
Left coast city : progressive politics in San Francisco, 1975-1991
Abstact: Portrait of cultural secretaries.
Local politicians in Japan
Challenges for urban governance in the European Union
The governance of water and sanitation in Africa : achieving sustainable development through partnerships
From urbanization to cities : toward a new politics of citizenship
Local government economics : principles and practice
Community service and the neo-classical framework of penal sanctions
Local politics : a resource for democracy in Western Europe? : local autonomy, local integrative capacity, and citizens' attitudes toward politics
Facilitating climate transition : co-designing future scenarios and pathways to build capacity for change among citizens and policy makers
The politics of public budgeting : getting and spending, borrowing and balancing
Media influence on pollution, and gender equality
Coalition formation and political decision making : evidence from Finnish municipal mergers
Rationality and power : democracy in practice
Bureau men, settlement women : constructing public administration in the progressive era
Urban policy in practice
Community cohesion at the local level : addressing the needs of Muslim Communities : examples of local initiatives
Quiet days in Burgundy : a study of local politics
Playing the state : Australian feminist interventions
The fiscal behavior of state and local governments : selected papers of Harvey S. Rosen
Theoretical notes on innovative programmes and their success
About the reorganisation of purchasing in the city of Turku
Theories of urban politics
Cities of ideas : civil society and urban governance in Britain 1800-2000 : essays in honour of David Reader [i.e. Reeder]
Local government economics in theory and practice
English abstract.
The politics of gender equality policy : a study of implementation and non-implementation in three Swedish municipalities
Cross-sectoral collaboration as a solution : the preventative work against social exclusion in the municipal well-being plans for children and youth
Socialist cities : municipal politics and the grass roots of American socialism
Politics in states and communities
Governance theory as a framework for empirical research : a case study on local environmental policy-making in Helsinki, Finland
Public health and municipal policy making : Britain and Sweden, 1900-1940
The ecology of city policymaking
Ohoh! sanoi torni = [Hoppsan! sa tornet = Oops! said the tower = Oho! sagte der Turm = Oh! skazala bašnâ]̂
Changing decision-making power of municipal leaders : comparative experiences from Finnish, Spanish and Slovak municipalities
The directly elected (chief executive) mayor and local leadership in German local government: in comparative perspective
Basic patterns of sustainability
The casual vacancy
Perspectives on urban politics
Cities between competitiveness and cohesion : discourses, realities and implementation
Urban policy issues : Canadian perspectives
Local Decision Making : Articles from Poland, Czech Republic and Finland
European Union public finance : the characteristics, rules and operation of the European financial system
Towards DIY-politics? : participatory and direct democracy at the local level in Europe
English summary: Basic Security of Schooling in Eastern Finland.
Explaining coalitions : evidence and lessons from studying coalition formation in Swedish local government
Party politics in English local government
Economic policy in Europe since the late middle ages : the visible hand and the fortune of cities
The professionalization of Finnish local politics : findings from two pilot studies
Local and regional reform processes in Norden
City hall goes abroad : the foreign policy of local politics
European cities : social conflicts and governance
Women and representation in local government : international case studies
Local decision making II
Executive summary (s. 5-9).
Essays in finance, trade and politics
The new localism : comparative urban politics in a global era
Party opportunism among local policians after Taiwan's power transition
Critical community practice
OECD territorial reviews. Finland
Ohoh! sanoi torni = Hoppsan! sa tornet = Oops! said the tower = Oho! sagte der Turm = Oh! skazala bašnâ
Cultural, linguistic and educational rights in the Åland Islands : an analysis in international law
Case study experiences from scenario working process and municipal environmental administration on the basis of soft system thinking : the present situation and future prospects of the environmental and developmental strategic decision making in the City of Kouvola
Finnish democracy
Local decision making. II
Choosing not to choose : understanding the value of choice
Do single-party and coalition governments differ in economic outcomes? : evidence from finnish municipalities
Local decision making. III
Reflexive modernisation of the environmental administration in Finland : essays of institutional and policy change within the Finnish national and local environmental administration
Transforming local governance : from Thatcherism to New Labour
Local decision making : articles from Poland, Czech Republic and Finland
Exchange networks and community politics
Field guide to environmental engineering for development workers : water, sanitation, and indoor air
From patriots to unionists : Dublin civic politics and Irish Protestant patriotism, 1660-1840
Understanding street-level bureaucracy
Political partnerships : neighborhood residents and their council members
The decline of urban politics : political theory and the crisis of the local state
Challenges for Finland and democracy
Councils in action
Perceive, conceive, achieve: the sustainable city : a European tetralogy. 1, Urban eco-auditing and local authorities in Europe
50 years of local democracy in Europe
Governing the postindustrial city
Local governance in Western Europe
Unfinished democracy : women in Nordic politics
From recovery to catastrophe : municipal stabilization and political crisis in Weimar, Germany
Planners and local politics
Citizens' estrangement from decision-making in Finnish municipalities
The directly elected (chief executive) mayor and local leadership in German local government : in comparative perspective
The new politics of British local governance
Evaluating social policy by experimental and nonexperimental methods
Webometric network analysis : mapping cooperation and geopolitical connections between local government administration on the web
Summary (s. 11-12): Local and regional reform processes in Norden.
Party opportunism amolg local policians after Taiwan's power transition
