http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7516 cost estimates
cost estimates
Setting profitable prices : a step-by-step guide to pricing strategy--without hiring a consultant
Indoor climate and productivity in offices : how to integrate productivity in life-cycle cost analysis of building services
The purpose of this Bachelor's thesis was to study the investment and operating expenses of bearing pads on different sized container vessels. The results are intended for Cargotec's in-house purposes. Some of the graphical charts may be used for sales aid in customer meetings. The attempt was to prove the assumptions made about the investment and operating expenses. By verifying one of the pad types to be more profitable than the others, the information could be used for sales aid purposes. The results would support choosing a bearing pad type for a certain sized vessel. The second part of this thesis was to produce a calculation tool to be able to explore the effect of changing specific variables. This calculation tool is intended to be used as a help for sales representatives when preparing their sales material before customer meetings. It is intended to be used quickly and easily. As a result, the expenses for four different sized container vessels were specified. The ideal bearing pad arrangement was found for each vessel size and the results were as expected. Creating and using the calculation tool was successful and is working as expected.
The engineering design process
Assessment of electricity distribution reliability : interruption statistics, reliability worth, and applications in network planning and distribution business regulation
Lean library management : eleven strategies for reducing costs and improving customer services
Energy-efficient renovation of residential districts : cases from the Russian market
Budgeting for disarmament : the costs of war and peace
Cost Report of Facade Woodwork : Case As Oy Espoon Tähtirikko
Offshore support vessel : market overview and machinery comparison
Budget and profit sensitivity analysis for an event : study case: Finland Youth to Business Forum in the spring of 2014 (AIESEC Suomi Ry)
Paying for an enlarged European Union
Development of total cost of ownership model with customer's viewpoint
Routine measurement of health-related quality of life in assessing cost-effectiveness in secondary health care
Improvement of pricing accuracy and lead time for tender offers
Introduction to management accounting
Information security cost management
Principles of public economics : a public choice approach
Manufacturing technique evaluation tool
Measuring logistics costs : designing a generic model for assessing macro logistics costs in a global context with empirical evidence from the manufacturing and trading industries
Computer aided design and comparison of alternative building frames
Cost control and information systems : a complete guide to effective design and implementation
Cost analysis in primary health care : a training manual for programme managers
National km-tax for passenger cars cost estimation
Cost information in engineering design - potentials and limitations of activity.based costing
Abstract.
Budgetary control in public health care : a study about perceptions of budgetary control among clinical directors
Estimating software costs
Financial and managerial accounting
Cost-of-alcohol studies as a research programme
Profit planning : for hospitality and tourism
What to do to and with cost calculations?
Fiscal transfers and redistribution in the European union : do smaller member states ger more than their share?
Cost estimate of Olkiluoto disposal facility for spent nuclear fuel
A Study on bearing pad investment and operating expenses for different sized container vessels
Code of estimating practice
Engineering design : a materials and processing approach
Waste Management in Northern Towns of Namibia
Management accountant's standard desk reference
Cost accounting : a managerial emphasis
Abstract (s. 5-7).
Economic evaluation of a warehouse investment in central europe : case study at Nokian Heavy Tyres Ltd.
Management accounting
Abstract (1 s.).
Transshipment costs of intermodal transport in Finnish context
Production planning and management on a construction project
Cost and effevtiveness of different treatment alternatives in urinary stone practice
The project management question and answer book
Cost analyses : requested and questioned
The cost of fetal alcohol spectrum disorder
Libraries today face reduced budgets, increased customer expectations, and aggressive competition from web-based information sources. Management guru John Huber, a pioneer and leader in the Lean Manufacturing movement, has worked as a consultant with libraries across North America. In this new book, he show you how to apply Lean principles and practices--how making small, simple changes in everyday routines will reap large time- and money-saving results. You'll learn how to: create a culture of change ; define and streamline your library's service delivery chains ; transform everyday operations like placing customer reserves and technical service processes ; implement performance measures that can drive continuous improvement ; apply Lean techniques in digital operations. Ten years of success-proven strategies and success stories from libraries where John Huber has partnered are included throughout. by learning and applying these principles, you library will dramatically improve efficiency, service performance, and service lead times. --Publisher's description.
Budgeting basics and beyond
What is the cost of living? : reference budgets for a decent minimum standard of living in Finland
Confronting values in policy analysis : the politics of criteria
Measuring national logistics costs : designing a generic model for assessing national logistics costs in global context
Strategic cost management : the new tool for competitive advantage
The factors affecting the use of elderly care and the need for resources by 2030 in Finland
Management and cost accounting
Management accounting : analysis and interpretation
Management and cost accounting ; toimittaneet : George Foster ; Srikant M. Datar ; Charles T. Horngren ; Alnoor Bhimani ; Srikant M. Datar ; Charles T. Horngren
