http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7528 printed products
printed products
Best magazine design : 28th SPD publication design annual
The print and production manual
Typography 24
Image : N. the Optical Appearance of Something Produced in a Mirror or Through a Lens Etc
The non-designer's  design book : design and typographic principles for the visual novice
SPD 23th publication design annual
Limited color graphics : flyers, direct mail and other 1 & 2 color design
Print formats and finishes : the designer's illustrated guide to broschures, catalogs, bags, labels, packing, and promotion
Slow print : literary radicalism and late Victorian print culture
The best of letterhead and logo design
Size matters : effective graphic design for large amounts of information
The layout look book 2
Specialised lexicography : print and digital, specialisrd dictionaries, databases
Typography 33 : the Annual of the Type Directors Club
The coming of the book : the impact of printing 1450-1800
Introduction to prepress
36th publication design annual
Texts on type : critical writings on typography
38th publication design annual
Around Europe : Publisher another way of traveling around Europe
Paper graphics
Printmaking in Paris : the rage for prints at the fin de siècle
Today Renaissance-era prints are typically preserved behind glass or in solander boxes in museums, but these decorative objects were once a central part of everyday life. This title introduces readers to the experimental world of printmaking in the mid-15th and 16th centuries and the array of objects it inspired.
Retrospective cataloguing in Europe : 15th to 19th century printed materials : proceedings of the International Conference, Munich 28th-30th November 1990
1 & 2 color design collection 1 : effective design using only 1 or 2 colors
British prints from the machine age : rhythms of modern life 1914-1939
Studies in Ephemera : Text and Image in Eighteenth-Century Print
300 vuotta vapaakappaletoimintaa = 300 år friexemplar = 300 years of legal deposit copy activities
The viewer and the printed image in late medieval Europe
Digital watermarking techniques for printed images
European printing industry craves reveal
Modern day mobile phones aren`t anymore just for calling or for text messaging. Today they can be used e.g. for navigating, watching TV or surfing in the Internet. These kinds of services can give a competitive edge to a company and in this way enable it to differentiate from other competitors. At the moment most visible services for Nokia Oyj are music and games. Promotion for these services is usually done by adding different kind of printed materials, vouchers, into the mobile phone`s sales package. These vouchers promote the service, guide how to use it and enable customer to try the service for free. Customer can e.g. load some music from Internet or get a game to his/her phone. To be able to activate certain service customer needs to have an activation code and insert it to a right place. The activation code can be found from the printed voucher. The activation code is unique so every material has a different one and this code is added to the voucher material by an external supplier, the printing house. Materials that include unique activation code which needs to be printed separately are quite new for Nokia and for its external partners, the printing houses. Process how to handle these kinds of materials is also still quite unclear and has lots of open issues. Unexpected problems come up and different parties involved in this process lack general view for the whole process. The purpose for this thesis is to gather information from all the relevant parties involved to this process by doing interviews and questionnaires. With the gathered information the task was to create a clear understanding for the existing process and for problems we had at that time. The main aim was to try and solve prevailing issues with the help of all the people involved in this process. Other purpose was to get ideas and suggestions how to make the process clearer and more efficient in the future. Interviews were made with open questions to internal and external partners involved in this process. Interviews were made both face-to-face and via telephone. Questionnaires were done via e-mail.  Information from all the parties was feasible and it helped to create clear overview about the current situation and possible problems. Many vital suggestions and ideas were received and some have already been taken into use and also others are under investigation and creation. Process has become clearer and problems and issues have been decreased significantly already.
Carbon footprint and environmental impacts of print products from cradle to grave : results from the Leader project (Part 1)
Using type right
Experimental formats. 2  : books, brochures, catalogues
Dives and Pauper. 1:1
Product quality : consumers' perception of quality in printed produts
Twentieth century type designers
In spite of global economic crises, tourism has good future perspectives and will continue growing. Finland remains one of the most attractive tourist destinations in Europe. The highest interest to this particular country has shown Russia, represented by 2.1 million or one-third of the total number of foreign visitors in 2007. Due to strong economic growth, Russia's outbound tourism has increased tremendously during the last years. In this perspective Russian market presents new economic and business opportunities to Finland. Quality is becoming the central issue in customers' choices of destinations. Russian travellers today are more experienced in a sense of services than they were a decade ago. They appreciate personal touch, safety and peaceful atmosphere when travelling, but also demand quality services. That is why it is time for Finnish service organizations to aim their activities to this market. The aim of this project is to draw attention of the Finnish service marketers and Restel Ltd Company in particular to the strategically important Russian travellers' market and to assist the Company in meeting the Russian customers' needs. Communication in the Russian language is definitely one of the central aspects in customers' satisfaction, in the view that Communication and Understanding the customer are important dimensions of service quality in cross-cultural context. The main purpose and objective of the project is to create printed information material in the Russian language in the form of Hotel Information Guides and City Sights' Information Leaflets and to communicate these marketing messages in such a way that to help Restel partners and customers from Russia to get a clear picture about a destination they are marketing, planning to visit or visiting in Finland, providing information about cities' attractions and guidance about existing services in Restel hotels. The practical use of this material as a project outcome is one of the important steps taken in the direction of improvement in service marketing aimed at the Russian market, which will lead to customers' satisfaction and Restel Ltd Company's overall success and competitive advantage among other service providers in Finland. Understanding of the importance of the Russian language is critical for service companies in Finland, in the view that Russian travellers are indeed a significant group for the Finnish hospitality industry and will keep its position among the most important markets.
Graphic designerś digital printing and prepress handbook
Printed matter
Bells & whistles : printing with special effects
Distinguished images : prints in the visual economy of 19th century France
Otsarot genuzim : me-osfe Bet ha-sefarim ha-leʾumi ṿeha-universiṭaʾi : taʻarukhah bi-melot 75 shanim la-Universiṭah ha-ʻIvrit bi-Yerushalayim = Treasures revealed : from the collections of the Jewish National and University Library in honor of the 75th anniversary of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem
Medieval texts and their first appearance in print
Anatomy of a typeface
Banners, ribbons and scrolls : CD-ROM & book
Everyday life in print
Prints and the pursuit of knowledge in early modern Europe
The encyclopedia of ephemera : a guide to the fragmentary documents of everyday life for the collector, curator and historian
Real world print production : with Adobe Creative Suite applications
Graphic frames
The best of the best of brochure design
Structural greetings
New business opportunities for printed media : coated paper for coldset printing
100 best annual reports 2010
An introduction to book history
International yearbook communication design 2012/2013
Using copyrighted works for research purposes
Marketing strategies for the home-based business : solutions you can use today
Production for the graphic designer
The Packaging and design templates sourcebook
The best of brochure design 3. 3
1000 bags, tags, and labels : distinctive designs for every industry
Graphis ephemera : an international collection of promotional art : graphische Dokumente des täglichen Lebens : le graphisme - un état d'esprit au quotiden. 1
Books of secrets : natural philosophy in England, 1550-1600
The future magazine : transition from product to service
Typography [24] : the Annual of the Type Directors Club. 24.
The Punch brotherhood : table talk and print culture in Mid-Victorian London
The best of brochure design. II
International yearbook communication design 2009 2010
From still life to the screen : print culture, display, and the materiality of the image in eighteenth-century London
SPD 40th publication design annual
Designer's guide to print production
Look at this : contemporary brochures, catalogue & documents
Layout workbook : a real-world guide to building pages in graphic design
Print and production finishes for packaging
The all new print production handbook
Early prints : the print collection of the Royal Library of Belgium
Typography 30 : the Annual of Type Directors Club
Print & finish : v. the process of producing printed material : v. complete the manufacture or decoration of printed material
Using JDF in small and medium sized printing plants
Conservation mounting for prints and drawings : a manual based on current practice at the British Museum
The influence of paper and printing conditions upon the unevennes of prints
The popular print in England
The one show volume 29 : advertisingś best print, radio, television and innovative media
Direct mail graphics 2 : a collection of quality designs for marketing and promotional materials
Print and production finishes for brochures and catalogs
Graphis publication 1 : the international survey of editorial design
Advertising Now. : print
The sculpture machine : physical culture and body politics in the age of Empire
Typography 35 : the annual of the Type Directors Club
Experimental formats.2 : books, brochures, catalogues
Typography 36 : the annual of the Type Directors Club
Not dead things : the dissemination of popular print in England and Wales, Italy, and the Low Countries, 1500-1820
The best of brochure design
Creative suite 3 integration : Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign, Dreamweaver, Flash Pro, Acrobat, Bridge and Version Cue
Printed in the memory : literary treasures in the National Library of Finland
Book Design : Graphis
Collecting prints and drawings in Europe, c. 1500-1750
Design it yourself : logos, letterheads, & business cards : the non-designer's step-by-step guide
Mass communications and media studies  : an introduction
The elements of typographic style : version 2.5
New shop image graphics 2
The waking dream : fantasy and the surreal in graphic art 1450-1900
Marketing communication to Russian customers in Restel Ltd. Company
Communicating environmental impacts of print products : results from the Leader project (Part 2)
Developing voucher activation code process
Typography 34 : the annual of the Type Directors Club
ABC of lettering and printing typefaces : a complete guide to the letters and typefaces used for typesetting and printing
Dives and pauper. 1:2
Demonstrates how printmakers of the Northern Renaissance, far from merely illustrating the ideas of others, contributed to scientific investigations of their time. This title features reproductions of woodcuts, engravings, and etchings; maps, globe gores, and globes; and, paper scientific instruments used for observation and measurement.
The design & printing of ephemera in Britain & America, 1720-1920
"Säilytetäänkö jokainen lappunen?" : Kansalliskirjaston Fennica-kokoelma = "Skall varje lapp sparas?" : Nationalbibliotekets Fennica-samling = "Are we saving every scrap of paper?" : The National Library's Fennica collection
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death worldwide and type 2 diabetes is reaching a global epidemic. Epidemiological studies have identified numerous risk factors and pharmacotherapies in relation to these cardiometabolic diseases. However, the detailed molecular mechanisms of these risk factors and drug therapies generally remain incompletely understood. Elucidating the underlying molecular effects would be essential for better understanding of the disease pathogenesis and also for discovering new therapeutic targets. Quantitative serum metabolomics, which allows for simultaneous quantification of multiple circulating metabolic measures, provides a hypothesis-free approach to systematically inspect the metabolic changes in response to endogenous and exogenous stimuli. Metabolomics thus presents a valuable tool to study the detailed molecular effects of disease risk factors and drug therapies. However, current metabolomics studies are mostly conducted in small cross-sectional studies and the causal relations of the risk factors on the metabolic measures are generally unclear, providing limited public health impact. The present thesis serves as a proof-of-concept to illustrate that well-designed observational studies can be used to infer causality. With the exemplars of assessing molecular effects of two risk factors (body mass index and sex hormone-binding globulin) and two drug therapies (statins and oral contraceptives), the thesis demonstrates that an improved causal inference can be achieved in observational studies via the combination of multiple study designs, including cross-sectional, longitudinal and Mendelian randomization analysis. This robust study design approach together with metabolomics data can be also extended to study the molecular effects of other risk factors and drug therapies. With an improved molecular understanding of a wide range of risk factors and therapies, better understanding of disease pathogenesis is ensured.
Annual reports 6 : the international yearbook of annual reports : das internationale Jahrbuch über Jahresberichte : le répertoire international des rapports annuels. 6
The print in the western world : an introductory history
Best magazine design : 29th SPD publication design annual
Presents the tightly-knit community of writers, artists, and proprietors who gathered around the famous Punch table, and their uninhibited conversations, spiced with jokes and gossip. This study demonstrates how oral culture permeated and shaped the realm of print, from the dining tables of exclusive men's clubs to the alleyways of Fleet Street.
Geometric ornaments and designs : CD-ROM & book
The motet around 1500 : on the relationship of imitation and text treatment?
The art of metal : five decades of heavy metal album covers, posters, t-shirts and more
Computational visual quality of digitally printed images
The dynamics of mass communication : media in the digital age
Digital retouching and compositing : photographers' guide
Epidemiological applications of quantitative serum NMR metabolomics : causal inference from observational studies
The Turks in Egypt and their cultural legacy : an analytical study of the Turkish printed patrimony in Egypt from the time of Muhammad 'Ali with annotated bibliographies
Svenska aktiebrev - före 1850 = Swedish share certificates - before 1850 = Schwedische aktien - vor 1850
Typography 31
The book : alternate states
The future of printed school books
Graphic technology: process control for the production of half-tone colour separations, proof and production prints. 8, Validation print processes working directly from digital data = Technologie graphique - contrôle des processus de confection de sélections couleurs tramées, d'épreuves et de tirages. partie 8, Processus d'impression de maquette couleur produite à partir de données numériques
Typography 32.
Adobe creative suite 6 design and Web premium digital classroom
The textual transition of the Middle English verse romances from manuscript to print : a case study
Mass media and the individual
Altered and adorned : using Renaissance prints in daily life
The best of brochure design. 3
1000 more greetings : creative correspondence for all occasions
Print and production finishes for bags, labels, and point of purchase
