http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7527 specialties
specialties
Extreme nature : [the weirdest animals and plants on the planet]
1000 extra/ordinary objects
Erwin Wurm : the artist who swallowed the world : [MUMOK. Museum Moderner Kunst Stiftung Ludwig Wien, October 20, 2006 - February 11, 2007] / [article by Robert Pfaller]
Cabinets of experimental philosophy in eighteenth-century Europe
The age of marvelous : Hood Museum of Art, Dartmouth College, September 21 - November 24, 1991 ; North Carolina Museum of Art, Raleigh, January 25 - March 22, 1992 ; The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, May 24 - August 25, 1992 ; High Museum of Art, Atlanta, / [organized by the Hood Museum of Art] ; edited by Joy Kenseth
Funny finnish pursuits
Sideshow U.S.A : freaks and the American cultural imagination
A London peculiar : the London you shouldn't miss
Advertising is dead : long live advertising!
Weird cars : a century of the worlds strangest cars
Ripley's believe it or not! 2015 : reality shock!
Bizarre cars : the strangest vehicles of all time
How fast can you fart? : Dr Dino's learnatorium
The honeymoon handbook
Infopedia 2016
Wild animals
Starchitecture : scenes, actors and spectacles in contemporary cities
Lingo : a language spotters' guide to Europe
American horror story. The complete fourth season, Freak show
Curiosity : how science became interested in everything
The most amazing creature in the sea
It can't be true!
On your farts, get set, go!
Horrid Henry's crazy creatures
Don't wipe your bum with a hedgehog
Strange but true!
Amazing animals ; from around the world
Staging stigma : a critical examination of the American freak show
Extraordinary objects. 1
The uses of curiosity in early modern France and Germany
Encyclopedia of the exquisite : an anecdotal history of elegant delights
A cabinet of Greek curiosities : strange tales and surprising facts from the cradle of western civilization
Crazy food
501 must-visit wild places
Bizarre England : discover the country's secrets & surprises
Objectivity : a designer's book of curious tools
Mighty machines
Fascinating footnotes from history
The Museum of Extraordinary Things
Atlas of adventures
The Book of lists
Strange maps : an atlas of cartographic curiosities
Style deficit disorder : Harajuku street fashion, Tokyo
Football's strangest matches : extraordinary but true stories from over a century of football
1001 natural wonders you must see before you die
You might be a zombie and other bad news : shocking but utterly true facts
It can't be true!. 2
Fun facts and silly stories
How much poo does an elephant do? : ...and further fascinating facts!
China : an introduction to the culture and people
Electrified sheep and other bizarre experiments
Stuff : the m (group) interactive guide to collecting, decorating with, and learning about, wonderful and unusual things
Elephants on acid and other bizarre experiments
Specialty foods : processing technology, quality, and safety
World's worst travel destinations : 50 travel experiences you will want to miss
The road less travelled : 1000 amazing places off the tourist trail
Off the map : lost space, feral places and invisible cities and what they tell us about the world
Specialty food (SF) is a rapidly growing market sector, with an annual growth rate of 8-10%. SF products accounted for 13.1% of all retail food sales in 2010, reaching $55.9 billion in sales. One hundred thirty-eight million American consumers (46%) are purchasing specialty foods. Although specialty food products are marketed widely, by now there is no standard definition on specialty foods. Consumers, even processors and regulators, are confused by the term specialty foods. Specialty foods are generally considered unique and high-value food items made in small quantities from high-quality ingredients that offer distinct features to targeted customers who pay a premium price for perceived benefits. Increased production and sale of SF has increased concerns on product quality and safety due to several potential hazards. Many questions in respect to how specialty foods are different from other food sectors, specific processing technologies, controls on quality and microbial safety, etc., remain unanswered. With extensive searching, the only two published books on the subject of specialty foods focus on business development and marketing of specialty foods. There is no technical book on specialty foods from the food science discipline available. This book will be the first technical book on specialty foods. It will first discuss the unique characteristics of specialty food, the market, and consumer demands and trends, and then focus on each of the major specialty food segments by covering the key processing technologies, equipment needed, and controls on quality and food safety of the products"--Preface.
The olympics' strangest moments : extraordinary but true tales from the history of the Olympic games
The world's toughest races : from the most extreme to the downright weird
Marketing of IEJ International Amala in Nigeria
How to be irish : uncovering the curiosities of irish behaviour
The mice who sing for sex
Ben Le Vay's eccentric London : a practical guide to a curious city
Inspired by the idea of the 'wunderkammer' ('wonder-room') or 'cabinet of curiosities' that originated during the Renaissance, world-renowned architects Tod Williams and Billie Tsien invited 35 celebrated architects and designers from around the world to create their own wunderkammers, filling boxes with objects that inspire them. This book gathers together the varied, evocative wunderkammers along with accompanying statements by their architect-creators.
Why you need a passport when you*re going to puke : fascinating facts from around the world!
World's weirdest animals
The science magpie : fascinating facts, stories, poems, diagrams and jokes plucked from science
The transformation of Bartholomew Fortuno : a love story
Eighteenth-century fiction and the reinvention of wonder
Horrid Henry's animals
Whitaker's world of weird
Amazing spaces
Fierce food : the intrepid diner's guide to the unusual, exotic, and downright bizarre
Nasty nature
Death by stupidity : 1001 of the most astonishingly bizarre ways to bite the dust
Ripley's spiders and scary creepy crawlies : believe it or not!
The underdog : finding the meaning of life in the world's most outlandish competitions
Extra/ordinary objects. 1.
Why spacemen can't burp
100 places you will never visit
Offbeat museums : a guided tour of America's weirdest and wackiest museums
Deadly diseases
Nature's masterpieces : The earth, its wonders, its secrets
With It Can't Be True 2! you will never see your jar of honey the same way again once you realise that it took 1,308 honey bees to make it. Or notice a small snail in your garden without thinking of the gargantuan Giant Ghana Snail with its 30cm long shell! The outstanding array of topics and amazing facts will satisfy all readers, comparing comets to Los Angeles and the weight of the global ant population to that of the human race. Cutting-edge visuals make the most astounding facts digestible, and bring the statistics to life!
The screaming statue
Ben Le Vay's eccentric Britain : a practical guide to a curious country
The cabinet of curiosities
Space Believe it or not! ; Mighty machines Believe it or not!
The final exam
The shrunken head
Four orphans are shocked when their beloved friend, sculptor Siegfried Eckleberger, is murdered. As they investigate, they find clues that his death may be tied to the murder of a rich New York heiress as well as to their own past.
Advertising is dead : long live advertising
School of fear
Atlas obscura : an explorer's guide to the world's hidden wonders
Six words and a wish
