http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p752 lifting devices
lifting devices hoisting machinery
Returning procedure for lifting tools and running-in filters
An illustrated history of fork-lift trucks
Deepwater liftsystem eliminates the need for larger and more complex cranes
Welding development of crane main girder
Tiivistelmä: Vietnamin markkinatutkimus - case Konecranes (Shanghai) company ltd..
Takalaitanostimet = Tail lifts : ajoneuvoihin asennettavat nostotasot = platform lifts for mounting on wheeled vehicles : turvallisuusvaatimukset = safety requirements. Osa 1 = Part 1, Tavaroiden nostoon käytettävät takalaitanostimet = Tail lifts for goods
Nosturit = Cranes. Osa 3 = Part 3 : Tuotestandardit I = Product standards I
Way up : a magazine about lifting businesses
Impact of branding on B2B customers' willingness to pay for technological industrial products
The electrical handling of materials : a manual, in four volumes, on the design, construction and application of cranes, conveyors, hoists and elevators. Volume 3, Electric cranes
Rigging math made simple
Nosturit = Cranes. Osa 4, Tuotestandardit II = Product standards II
Introduction to materials handling
Diggers and cranes
Tekstiiliraksit : turvallisuus = Textile slings : safety. Osa 2 = Part 2, Tekokuidusta valmistetut päällysteraksit yleiskäyttöön = Roundslings made of man-made fibres for general purpose use
Nosturit = Cranes. Osa 5, Tuotestandardit III = Product standards III
Intralogistics : a guide to warehouse planning
Autonostimet : tarkastusohjeet = Billyftar : anvisningar för besiktning = Vechile lifts : instructions for examination
Construction and Drive System Design for a Model of a Lifter Vehicle
Crane anti-swing control methods : active control versus swing-preventing crossing ropes
Earthmovers
Lyhytlenkkinen nostokettinki : turvallisuus = Short link chain for lifting purposes : safety. Osa 4 = Part 4, Kettinkiraksit : luokka 8 = Chain slings : grade 8.
The design of rolling bearing mountings : design examples covering machines, vehicles and equipment
Market study and entry modes - Vietnam : case Konecranes (Shanghai) company ltd
Improving dynamic characteristics of open-loop controlled log crane
Characterization of safety criteria for load-bearing materials and components, particularly in lifting tackle
An illustrated history of cranes
Perspectives on sustainability : eco-design principles for the Kone design team
Nosturit. Osa 3, Tuotestandardit I = Cranes. Part 3, Product standards I.
Anti-sway algorithm and its implementation for industrial overhead and gantry cranes
Full MacGregor package chosen for innovative semi-sub
People flow : KONE's stakeholder magazine
Hyllystöhissit : turvallisuus = Rail dependent storage and retrieval equipment : safety requirements
Nosturit = Cranes. Osa 3, Tuotestandardit I = Product standards I.
Nostoapuvälineet = Lifting accessories
RMG-Carrier HD86-7, operation and overhaul manual (mechanics and hydraulics)
Designing and implementing a robot gripper using additive manufacturing
Koneturvallisuus : koneiden sähkölaitteisto = Safety of machinery : electrical equipment of machines. Osa 32 = Part 32, Vaatimukset nostokoneille = Requirements for hoisting machines
An intelligence and data collection of the Ocean Heavy Lift field
Strong will : Havator Group 1956-2006
Engineering in the ancient world
A study of the evolution of concentration in the sector of hoists, lifts ad conveyers and in the sector of office machinery for Belgium
Fixture changing solution for Flexline
Joint effort reduces risk in subsea lifting operations
Planning a hydraulic hoist on a car trailer
Maston varassa kiipeävät työtasot = Lifting platforms : mast climbing work platforms
The purpose of this thesis was to carry out research on different methods used in crane anti-swing control. Besides, based on the study, a real model of an anti-swing control method was also designed and developed from an old lifting system that located in the Laboratory of Automation at HAMK University of Applied Sciences.      In order to fulfill the thesis objective, procedure like researching, designing and programming is essential, as well as knowledge gained from different courses in Mechatronics, Production Systems and other compulsory courses. Skill in using different software in designing and programming process such as ProE 5.0, AutoCAD, Mathcad, and DriveWindow Light 2 is also shown in this thesis.  As a result, all the required parts are carefully designed and manufactured. Programs for driving the ACS350 drives were also made and tested thoroughly. However, limitations that will affect the result were also expected and solutions like adding sensors or integrating PLC were taken into consideration. Overall, the project could be classified as a success.
An introduction to rigging in the entertainment industry
Balancing the normal headroom hoist
Erikkila oy : the first 100 years
World-class suppliers
