http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7529 graphic artists
graphic artists
Picasso : graphic magician : prints from the Norton Simon Museum
Grafike odabrane iz zbirke MMSU-a = Prints from the MMSU collection
Born in shame
Rock, scissors, paper : design: influence, concept, image
Rembrandt as an etcher : a study of the artist at work. Plates
The end of print : the graphic design of David Carson
Giovanni Battista Piranesi e la veduta a Roma e a Venezia nella prima metà del settecento = Giovanni Battista Piranesi and the veduta of Rome and Venice in the first half of the 18th century
A book from/ about/ for those who go beyond the territory of their discipline : eight stories from beyond the borders
Kerti Károly : grafikusmüvesz kiállítása 4. = 4. exposition of Károly Kerti, graphic artist
French original engravings from Manet to the present time
The magic mirror of M. C. Escher
Twentieth-century prints
Print works by the Japanese contemporary artists
Chris Ware
E. Munch
ART DIRECTORS' INDEX TO ILLUSTATION, GRAPHICS & DESIGN. NO. 4, ILLUSTRATOR ILLUSTRATED
Rembrandt's etchings. Vol. one, reproductions of the whole original etched work
Reunalla = Aan de rand = On the edge
46th publication design annual
Outi Heiskanen : Helsingin juhlaviikot = Helsingfors festspel = Helsinki Festival : vuoden taiteilija = årets konstnär = artist of the year : 14.8.-14.9.1986 : Helsingin taidehalli = Helsingfors konsthall = Helsinki Art Exhibition Hall
Cold courage
Himmelblau : die Grafikwerkstatt aus Finnland = Taivaansini = Sky blue : a metal graphic workshop from Finland
Japanese colour prints
8 statements : prints from Sweden
Design funny : a graphic designer's guide to humor
William Blake : apprentice & master
Käthe Kollwitz : graphics, posters, drawings
Aphonse Mucha : masterworks
International print triennial in Kanagawa 2001 : October 20 (Sat)-November 25 (Sun)
The Catalogue raisonné of the prints of Charles Meryon
Who's who in graphic art : an illustrated book of reference to the world's leadiang graphic designers, illustrators, typographers and cartoonists = a répertoire illustré des artistes graphiques et typographiques, illustrateurs et caricaturistes contemporains de classe internationale = eine illustrierte Weltübersicht führender zeitgenössischer Graphiker, Designer, Typographer, Illustratoren und Karikaturisten
M.C. Escher's legacy : a centennial celebration : collection of articles coming from the M.C. Escher Centennial Conference, Rome, 1998
Portrait of David Hockney
Scandinavian graphic design
Trek : David Carson recent works
Graphic works of Eduard Munch
Hogarth : the complete engravings
Zúñiga : the complete graphics 1972 - 1984
Annu Vertanen : teoksia = selected works 2007-2013
Ilya Repin : painting, graphic arts
Dictionary of Victorian engravers, print publishers and their works
Georges Rouault : the graphic work
Korttitalo : small graphics
The prints of Josef Albers : a catalogue raisonné, 1915-1976
Sorsapukki : sourcebook to my mind
Dieter Roth : graphic works : catalogue raisonné 1947-1998
The curse of Lono
Contemporary Japanese prints : the urban Bonsai
Livio Ceschin : Menneisyyden jäljet = Spår av det förflutna = Traces of the Past
Picasso prints : the Vollard suite
Conversations from the print studio : master printer in collaboration with ten artists
Robert Motherwell: the complete prints 1940-1991 : catalogue raisonne
M. C. Escher : his life and complete graphic work
Outi Heiskanen : Helsingin juhlaviikot : vuoden taiteilija = årets konstnär = artist of the year = Helsingfors festspel = Helsinki Festival
Prints from European workshops : the international exhibition of graphic art is collected by Grafiikanpaja Himmelblau = Taidegrafiikkaa eurooppalaisista työpajoista : kansainvälisen originaaligrafiikan näyttelyn on koonnut Grafiikanpaja Himmelblau
Jane Hammond : paper work
What is a print?
Hannu Palosuo : obliterated memory
Samlinger til en beskrivende fortegnelse over danske kobberstik, radering, illustrationer m.m. = Collections to a descriptive index of Danish engravings, etchings, illustrations, etc
Käthe Kollwitz
Edward Bawden scrapbooks
2015 artist's & graphic designer's market : how to sell your art and make a living
Hokusai : life and work
The man with kaleidoscope eyes
The magic of M. C. Escher
The prints of Andy Warhol
A critical catalogue of Rembrandt's etchings : and the etchings of his school formerly attributed to the master : with an essay on Rembrandt's technique and documentary sources by Ludvig Münz : complete edition in two volumes. Volume two
a PRESENT to the PAST : Graphica Creativa 2016 : 14. kansainvälinen grafiikkatriennaali = 14th International Print Triennial
Valentin Serov : paintings, graphic works, stage designs
Rembrandt as an etcher : a study of the artist at work. Text
Archigraphy : lettering on buildings
Giovanni Battista Piranesi : drawings and etchings at Columbia University : an exhibition at Low Memorial Library March 21 - April 14, 1972.
The art of Japanese prints
Rembrandt's etchings. Vol. two, ... and the etchings of his school formerly attributed to the master with an essay on Rembrandt's technique and documentary sources
Graphic Designs of Takashi Kono ; 12 January - 27 February, 2005 The National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo
Hockney at Tate
Graphic designers in Europe. 1, Jan Lenica, Jean-Michel Folon, Josef Müller-Brockmann, Dick Elffers
Graphic design now
The art of Rakusan Tsuchiya : famous print maker of Japan
The Yale dictionary of art and artists
ART DIRECTORS' INDEX TO ILLUSTATION, GRAPHICS & DESIGN. NO. 3, ILLUSTRATOR ILLUSTRATED
Jan van der Veken : fabrica grafica : custom-made graphics with a retro, atomic-style, clear line
Young hungarian artists in Finnland : Imatra Nurmesz Kuopio 26.3.-30.5.1993
And/or : on contradiction in the work of Jan van Toorn extended
The best in Finnish graphic design
Critiqued : Inside the minds of 23 leaders in design
Along with Wim Crouwel, Karel Martens and Walter Nikkels, Jan van Toorn belongs to the generation of designers who determined the look of Dutch graphic design in the 1970s and 80s. His socially engaged design practice is founded on a notion of communication based on democratic reciprocity and solidarity with the public. In contrast to prevailing forms of visual communication, Van Toorn's visual journalism establishes meaning in dialogue with the viewer and reader. In her book "and/or", on contradiction in the work of Jan van Toorn, design publicist Els Kuijpers gives insight into Van Toorn's methodology. The author employs various academic methods, journalistic strategies and rhetorical figures for her own objective: breaking through stereotype images. The book was created in close collaboration between the author and designer. With its countless digressions and derailments, the layered text is comparable to the visual designs of Van Toorn himself; the layered structure of the book's design follows Kuijpers' literary enterprise. Exhibition: Moscow Museum of Modern Art, Russia (09.12.2013-09.02.2014) / Van Abbemuseum, Eindhoven, the Netherlands (07.2014-10.2014).
The portrait : a selection from 1945 to 1994 : woodcuts, etchings, lithography, drawings, watercolours
After ski graphic design
Rembrandt's etchings : reproductions of the whole original etched work : complete edition in two volumes. Volume one
Swedish graphics : 8 temperaments = gravure suédoise
Pioneers of modern typography
