http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7523 vaccination
vaccination
First International Conference on Rabies in Europe : Kiev, Ukraine, 15-18 June, 2005
PMWS - the first years with the disease in Sweden
Reducing the burden of herpes zoster and postherpetic neuralgia in older adults : the role of the gerontological nurse practitioner
Veterinary protozoan and hemoparasite vaccines
Vaccine development against porcine post-weaning diarrhoea and oedema disease
Etiology of measles- and rubella-like illnesses in measles, mumps, and rubella-vaccinated children
Oral polio vaccination and pregnancy outcome
Introduction to modern virology
Randomized comparison of early and late vaccination with inactivated poliovirus vaccine after allogeneic BMT
European Expert Meeting on Rotavirus Vaccination : Tampere, Finland 19-20 May, 2009 : final programme and abstracts
Canine distemper virus neutralising antibodies in vaccinated dogs
Proceedings of the FAO expert consultation on revision of strategies for the control of ticks and tick-borne diseases, (Rome, 25-29 Septemper 1989)
Virulence mechanisms of bacterial pathogens
Scientific and technical evaluation of vaccination programmes in the European Union : EUVAX project report
Fish vaccinology : proceedings of a symposium, Soria Moria Hotel, Oslo, Norway, June 5-7, 1996
Oral poliovirus vaccination and pregnancy complications
The book presents the latest advances in research into health effects of air pollution, with heavy motor vehicle traffic or cigarette smoke as the exemplar of pollution. The airways are the first-line defense system against pollution. The book focuses on respiratory ailments underlain by inflammation, increased susceptibility to infection, particularly acquired during harsh environmental conditions and exposures to particulate matter or pathogens. The importance of astute analysis of lung function for early diagnosis of disorders is underscored. A knowledge deficit concerning the aerosolized drug delivery through the airways also is addressed. Recent developments and viewpoints in the field of environmental health hazards as well as methodological advances in their assessment are provided. The book will be of interest to pulmonologists, healthcare providers, researchers and clinicians engaged in environment-related respiratory diseases, but also to policy makers concerned with clean ambient air quality.
Communication on immunisation : building trust
Progress in polio eradication: vaccine strategies for the end game : Institut Pasteur, Paris, June 28-30, 2000 : proceedings of a symposium
Immunisation against infectious disease
Serological monitoring of the elimination of measles, mumps and rubella by MMR vaccination in Finland
Pulmonary Infection
Mucosal immunity against mycobacterial infection
Vaccinations and public concern in history : legend, rumor, and risk perception
Abstract. - Sammanfattning.
Long-term evaluation of mass-BCG-vaccination campaign : a study of thirty years of experience in Finland
The respiratory tract is a frequent target of infections caused by a wide range of organisms. The book provides reader-friendly information on aspects of pulmonary infections, including comprehensive accounts of bacterial and viral diseases, therapeutic approaches, molecular and classical culture-related techniques of diagnosis, and explaining the basic cell biological mechanism. The role of oxidative stress, both helpful in fighting invading pathogens and detrimental in yielding to infection is detailed as it is often undervalued and needs focus. The chapters encompass latest developments and applications in bacteriology and virology, preventive and therapeutic tips, and raise attention to implementation of proper antibiotic policies by medical institutions to decrease resistance to antimicrobials. The perennial problem of low influenza vaccination coverage rate is rationalized. The volume will be of interest to both clinicians and biomedical researchers engaged in this exciting field.
Summary.
Canine distemper in European mink, Mustela lutreola : caused by a monovalent avian adapted vaccine strain
The effects of Newcastle desease and infectious bursal disease vaccines, climate and other factors on the village chicken population in North-Eastern Nigeria
Poliomyelitis in socio-cultural context : study from province Punjab, Pakistan
"Biotechnology is delivering not only new products to diagnose, prevent, and treat human diseases but entirely new approaches to a wide range of difficult biomedical challenges. Because of advances in biotechnlogy, hundreds of new therapeutic agents, diagnostic tests, and vaccines have been developed and are available in the marketplace. In this jargon-free, easy-to-read textbook, the authors demystify the discipline of medical biotechnology and provide a fundamental understanding of the wide-ranging approaches pursued by scientists to diagnose, prevent, and treat medical conditions."--Back cover.
UCL hospitals injectable drug administration guide
Pertussis vaccine trials : Istituto superiore di sanità, Rome, Italy, October 30-November 1, 1995
Canine distemper in Finland : vaccination and epidemiology
The vaccination programme as redesigned in Finland from the beginning of the year
Effects of immunostimulatory DNA in the pig : induction of immunoregulatory cytokines by plasmid DNA, virus or bacteria
Vaccination Competence : The Concept and Evaluation
Quantitative genetics of traits related to disease resistance and effects of vaccination in Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar)
The spread of Foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) within Finland and emergency vaccination in case of an epidemic outbreak
Towards the elimination of rabies in Eurasia : a joint OIE/WHO/EU international conference, Paris, France, 27 - 30 May 2007
Tropical infectious diseases / epidemiology, investigation, diagnosis & management
The genus Yersinia : from genomics to function
Eradication of Aujeszky's disease (pseudorabies) virus from pig herds : alternatives to depopulation
Streptococcus pneumoniae is a significant pathogen in developing countries causing mortality especially among children and the elderly. The development of new pneumococcal vaccines has reduced the amount of serious infections, but several pneumococcal serotypes set a great challenge in the battle against the pathogen. Zebrafish is an excellent model for various infections due to its developed immune system. Zebrafish is easy to maintain and it has many characteristics that make it a widely used animal model. The aim of this study was to set up a model for Streptococcus pneumonia infection in adult zebrafish and to find out if zebrafish can be used in the development of pneumococcal vaccines. The purpose was to find a dose of bacteria that kills half of the test animals, find out the role of pneumococcal virulence factors, and to examine the clearance of S. pneumoniae from the zebrafish blood stream. The purpose was also to find out if two commercial pneumococcal vaccines give zebrafish protection against the Streptococcus pneumonia infection. For the study, the zebrafish were infected intraperitoneally with a wild-type S. pneumoniae and mutants lacking certain virulence factors. The progression of pneumococcal infection was studied by following the mortality and bacteria concentration of blood. For testing the vaccines, fish were injected intramuscularly with the vaccines. The vaccinated fish were infected with wild-type pneumococcus to find out the effects of the vaccines. The results showed that a dose of 5 x 106 colony forming units of wild-type Streptococcus pneumoniae killed approximately half of the fish. Most of the surviving fish were able to clear the bacteria within 24 hours. S. pneumoniae entered the bloodstream very rapidly and was able to multiply in zebrafish. The bacterial concentration continues to grow within six hours post-infection. After 12 hours, the amount of bacteria decreased rapidly and by the next day most of the fish had cleared the bacteria. The mutant experiments indicated that capsule is a crucial virulence factor along with autolysin and pneumolysin. The lack of pili had no effect on the mortality rates when compared with wild-type infections.
International travel and health : situation as on 1 January 2012
Rubella immunity and morbidity : impact of different vaccination programs in Finland 1979-1992
Experimental model of Streptococcus pneumoniae infection and vaccine testing on adult zebrafish
Dendritic cell vaccination in the induction of immunity or tolerance
Biosecurity interventions : global health & security in question
The study was carried out to know the attitude of childbearing mothers towards immunization in the USA. It is conducted as a consequence of a rapidly increasing level of immunization non-compliance among mothers. The incidence of non-compliance as mentioned is not considered high. However, there are strong indications that the number will increase in the absence of mass consciousness, awareness and vaccine education. Immunization is very essential because it is an important aspect of preventive medicine. It provides protection against specific bacterial and viral infections. It means the artificial production of immune bodies to protect the body against invasion of certain diseases. This research was undertaken by making use of Qualitative Research Method. The researcher investigated different factors contributing to non-compliance to immunization. The consultation of academic sources was significant to achieving results during literature reviews e.g. journals, articles, internet (official) pages and textbooks. The responses to research questions are based on critical and observatory analysis of authors` accounts on the subject.
Efficacy of different treatment regimes against setariosis (Setaria tundra, Nematoda: Filarioidea) and associated peritonitis in reindeer
How Helminths Alter Immunity to Infection
Control of infectious animal diseases by vaccination : Buenos Aires, Argentina, 13-16 April, 2005 [i.e. 2004]
Potency testing of veterinary vaccines for animals : the way from in vivo to in vitro : Langen, Germany, 01-03 December 2010
International travel and health : situation as on 1 January 2002
Vaccines against bacterial meningitis
Parvovirus antibodies in vaccinated gilts in field conditions : results with HI and ELISA tests
A randomized comparison between early and late vaccination with tetanus toxoid vaccine after allogeneic BMT
Biotechnology and comparative medicine
Handbook of tuberculosis : clinics, diagnostics, therapy and epidemiology
Pertussis : infection, vaccination and gene polymorphisms
Human cytomegalovirus
Present status and research needs of competitive exclusion and vaccination
Explosive school-based measles outbrake : intense exposure may have resulted in high risk, even among revaccinees
Effects of live Brucella abortus strain 19 vaccine on reindeer
Systematic literature review of the evidence for effective national immunisation schedule promotional communications : insights into health communications
Health wars : on the global front lines of modern medicine
Respiratory virology and immunogenicity
Mother-infant antibodies to pneumococcal polysaccharides and proteins : transfer and persistence of maternal antibodies and development of vaccine-induced and naturally acquired antibodies in infants
DNA : how the biotech revolution is changing the way we fight disease
Molecular tools in support of the global polio eradication campaign
This volume provides a modern look on the age-old influenza infection and the preventive role of anti-influenza shots. Influenza pandemic outbreaks are unrelenting despite the growing understanding of the molecular basis of viral infection and its spreads. A leap in medical technologies has revolutionized the design of new influenza vaccines. The chapters cover vaccination strategies in various age-groups of people and provide the extensive amount of knowledge on the immune response to influenza vaccination in a spectrum of disease conditions.
Nordic Vaccine Meeting : Mariehamn, Åland, 4-5 September 2008 : programme and abstracts
Good performance of vaccination by education
RNA interference : challenges and therapeutic opportunities
Epidemiological characterisation of Bordatella pertussis in Sweden, 1970-2004
Veterinary vaccinology
Vaccination competence : the concept and evaluation
ECDC scientific advice on seasonal influenza vaccination of children and pregnant women
International travel and health : situation as on 1 January 2010
A comparison of early and late vaccination with haemophilus influenzae type b conjugate and pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccines after allogeneic BMT
When 'to choose' is 'to care' : informed dissent and the case of paediatric vaccinations
Smallbox in two systems of knowledge
Characterization of Russian rabies virus vaccine strain RV-97
Bordetella pertussis : vaccination and strain variation
Frontiers in vaccine research : an international symposium at Hanasaari, Espoo, Finland on 9-11 September 1991.
The measles-mumps-rubella vaccination program in Finland
Prevention and treatment of HIV infection, and formulation and stability of an HIV DNA vaccine
Immunization in practice : a guide for health workers
Vaccination : a tool for the control of avian influenza : Verona, Italy, 20-22 March, 2007 : proceedings of a joint OIE/FAO/IZSVe conference co-organised with the European Commission
Immunology, infection, and immunity
Immunomodulation by vaccination
Severe adverse events following measles-mumps-rubella vaccination
Coccidial and clostridial infections in broiler chickens : influence of diet composition : Lotta Waldenstedt
The "Real Expedición Marítima de la Vacuna" in New Spain and Guatemala
Vaccination, a major control measure against pest of small ruminants in Cross River State, Nigeria
Autism's false prophets : bad science, risky medicine, and the search for a cure
Deadly choices : how the anti-vaccine movement threatens us all
Communicable diseases in 1988-1990 and vaccinations in 1987-1990 in Finland
Review of outbreaks and barriers to MMR vaccination coverage among hard-to-reach populations in Europe : Venice II Consortium, September 2012
Evolution of Bordetella pertussis post vaccination
The progress of nations 2000.
Rotavirus infections in children : clinical features and effects of large scale prevention by rotavirus vaccination
On the properties of Finnish antirabies vaccine
Financing immunization in Cambodia, Lao PDR, and Viet Nam
Evaluation of the Finnish newborn BCG vaccination programme
Eliminating measles and rubella and preventing congenital rubella infection : WHO European Region strategic plan 2005-2010
The attitude of mothers towards non-compliance of immunization
Kvantitativ genetikk for egenskaper relatert til sykdomsresistens og effekter av vaksinering i Atlantisk laks (Salmo salar).
Medical biotechnology
Socio-cultural influences on vaccination-vaccinators perspective, study from Nepal
Development of therapeutic cancer vaccines : proceedings of a conference ... Los Angeles Airport Renaissance Hotel, California, USA, April 27-29, 2004
Toddler care book : a complete guide from 1 to 5 years old
Progress towards better vaccines : proceedings of a meeting organized by the WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION as part of the Programme for Vaccine Development, held in Bellagio, Italy, by courtesy of The Rockefeller Foundation 16-18 April 1985
Consideration of alternative licensing procedures for vaccines for minor species, minor indications and autogenous/autologous products : PEI Lecture Hall, Langen, Germany, October 29-31, 2003 : proceedings of a meeting organized by the International Association for Biologicals (IABs), and the Paul-Ehrlich-Institut (PEI)
Acute respiratory infection, influenza vaccination and airway reactivity in asthma
Progress for children : a report card on immunization. 3, September 2005
Evaluation of the suitability of baculovirus expressed glycoprotein D for a subunit vaccine against phocid herpesvirus type 1 (PhHV-1) and investigation of an animal model for future vaccination trials
Procedural pain and distress in infants : alleviation of acute pain assessed by heart rate variability and behavioural measures
Resolution of persistent oral papillomatosis in a dog after treatment with a recombinant canine oral papillomavirus vaccine
Aids vaccine blueprint 2006 : actions to strengthen global research and development : executive summary
Combined vaccines and simultaneous administration : current issues and perspectives
Vaccines and biologicals : WHO vaccine-preventable diseases : monitoring system : 2002 global summary
The introduction of the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine into cameroon's expanded programme on immunisation : would every child be reached?
Our current understanding of strangles. Part 2, Control of an outbreak, treatment and prevention
Vaccination against pregnancy : miracle or menace?
Measles, measles vaccination, and Crohn's disease : [letter]
Internet discourse and health debates
Helminth infections are common, cause considerable pathology, and alter a host's immune profile. This can have important consequences not only on the host's ability to control a helminth infection, but also on their ability to control unrelated infections. In endemic areas, understanding how helminth infection influences the outcome of common infectious diseases and changes the efficacy of childhood vaccination programs is an important public health question. This book reviews how host immunity to helminths alters our ability to respond to the major pathogens that exist in helminth endemic regions. Current understanding of how helminths alter important but relatively neglected contributors to the host's anti-helminth immune responses are addressed, namely host antibody responses and how maternal infection may alter a child's immune development. These are discussed in relation to the control of helminth infection and unrelated infections. Also covered are how helminth infections alter the host's ability to control TB, HIV and malarial infections along with neglected bacterial infections, such as cholera, and how endemic helminth infections are likely to alter our ability to respond to life-saving vaccination strategies.
Outbreak of canine distemper in vaccinated dogs in Finland
