http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7534 silviculture
silviculture
Optimal evolution of forest age-classes and land allocation between forestry and agriculture
Forest & landscape research
Effects of changes in land-use, age-structure and management on carbon dynamics of European forests
Volume production in different silvicultural systems for 85 years in a mixed Picea abies-Pinus sylvestris forest in central Sweden.
Constructing forest plans interactively based on owner-driven evaluation of the holding- and stand-level alternatives
Forest extension in the Middle West
Conditions and prospects for increasing forest yield in northern Europe
Restrictions of forest management close to the timberline in Norway
Effects of forest management and climate change on energy biomass and timber production with implications for carbon stocks and net CO2 exchange in boreal forest ecosystems
Proceedings of the symposium on flowering physiology at the XVII IUFRO world congress Kyoto, Japan 1981
Scheduling spatial arrangement and harvest simultaneously
Can learning from the past help to predict the future in the environmental impact assessment on reindeer husbandry?
Although they accommodate a wide variety of endemic flora and fauna, the indigenous mountain rain forests of East Africa are being depleted. Some patches remain in Taita Hills of Kenya and benefit from their management as forest reserves, with limited access to local communities, by the Kenyan government. Recently, through the Forest Act 2005, the government began to grant user rights to forest adjacent dwellers through participatory forest management initiatives. We conducted this study in February 2007 among groups engaged in forest-related activities and living near the Ngangao, Mbololo, Mwambirwa and Chawia forest reserves in order to offer insights into local people's perceptions about benefits and constraints of participation in forest management during the transformation of the forest policy. Our respondents considered efforts to conserve forests for ecological services, namely water catchment and biodiversity maintenance important. Sustainable future use of forest products, especially firewood and medicinal plants were emphasized. However, shortcomings, such as inadequate access to updated information about management practices and legal rights, hampered participation. The respondents viewed this as working without proper tools, which, they stated, may gradually lead to unsuccessful conservation efforts, and felt that the government still prohibits full community participation.
Reindeer herding and modern forestry : the historical impacts on forests of two main land users in northern Sweden
Open Journal of Forestry (OJF) covers topics in forestry, including forest protection, pest control, ecology, plant breeding, plant nutrition, urban forestry, etc.
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Woodfuel use and its influence on people's livelihood in Ethiopia : comparison among three Peasant Associations in Wondo Genet
Soil animal communities of planted birch stands in central Finland
Metsätilastollinen vuosikirja = Skogsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of forest statistics. 1992
Prosopis, an alien among the sacred trees of South India
Sustainable development in forest management in Finland
Industrial timberland ownership in the USA : arguments based on case studies
Ecology of American forest species : erosion and reafforestation
Does risk aversion accelerate optimal forest rotation under uncertainty?
The use of ArcPad and ArcGIS in forest management
Influence of clear-cutting on the risk of wind damage at forest edges : a GIS-based integrated models approach
Carbon stocks in managed conifer forests in Northern Ontario, Canada
Stand dynamics modelling approaches for multicohort management of eastern Canadian boreal forests
Increasing the land base and yield through drainage
Impact of the globalizing forest industry of ecosystem services : corporate responsibility and the sustainable management of coupled human-environment systems
Emulation of natural disturbances and the maintenance of biodiversity in managed boreal forests : the effects of prescribed fire and retention forestry on insect assemblages
Probability of recent bark stripping damage by red deer (Cervus elaphus) on Norway spruce (Picea abies) in a low mountain range in Germany : a preliminary analysis
Genetics in Swedish forestry practice
Handbook of afforestation and soil melioration
Open Journal of Forestry
Application of tissue culture technology to production of woody biomass : report from Planning group B
A model for natural forest management
Effects of pre-harvest fertilization and subsequent soil scarification on the growth of planted Pinus sylvestris seedlings and ground vegetation after clear-felling
Metsätilastollinen vuosikirja = Skogsstatistisk årsbok = Statistical yearbook of forestry. 1997
Results from the first preliminary test with short rotation willow clones
Optimizing thinnings and rotation of Scots pine and Norway spruce mixtures
Scenario analysis for the biomass supply potential and the future development of Finnish forest resources
Participatory techniques for community forestry : a field manual
Effects of intensity and frequency of harvesting on abundance, stocking and composition of natural regeneration in the Acadian Forest of eastern North America
Impacts of climate change and forest management on monoterpene emission and needle secondary compounds of boreal Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Afforestation of clayey soils in Northern Mozambique : an evaluation of a species trial : October 9 to December 4, 1987
The principles of handling woodlands
Quality management of forest regeneration activities
Forests in landscapes : ecosystem approaches to sustainability
Does conversion of even-aged, secondary coniferous forests affect carbon sequestration? : a simulation study under changing environmental conditions
Standardized procedure for testing of fast growing species : a preliminary proposal
Afforestation in arid zones
Influence of silvicultural regimes on the volume and proportion of juvenile and mature wood in boreal Scots pine
1987 meeting European professors of silviculture, Wageningen, The Netherlands, August 31st to September 4th 1987 : minutes of the meeting
Influence of soil preparation on the success of Norway spruce plantation on fine-grained soil
The silvicultural operation methods in Finland : paper submitted to the Canadian Institute of forestry
Factors influencing silvicultural activity : a study of the influence of attitudes, individual farm backgrounds, and regional conditions on the silvicultural activity of forest owners in Karstula and Jämsä, Finland
Forestry development and environmental protection in China
Short-term effects of forest restoration on beetle diversity
Forest management in the north of European Russia
Stand level analysis on the effects of management and climate change on the growth and timber yield with implications on carbon stocks in boreal forest ecosystem : a model based approach
Exploration, utilization and conservation of low altitude tropical pine gene resources : F.A.O. technical conference : Rome, 18th to 26th September 1967
Forestry 2017 : the simulation : PS4
The potential, cost-efficiency and impacts of intensified management of Finnish forests for next 100 years were assessed using a national-level scenario analysis. This document serves as a technical description of the applied models and methods, but also includes a brief synthesis of the results. Data from the 10th Finnish National Forest Inventory was used to forecast the consequences of alternative management scenarios. Four final scenarios were constructed using MOTTI stand simulator and linear programming package J. Business-as-usual -scenario was compared to three other options that aimed either at high quality raw material, intensive management resulting both quantity and quality of timber, or at low-cost-low-output (extensive) forestry. If the intensity of forest management will remain at the current level, the growing stock will increase. Increasing amount of high quality raw material for forest industry can be produced but it necessitates also increase in annual management practices. For example, treatment areas of young stand management should be doubled compared to current areas in order to maintain or increase cutting removals of high quality wood. It is possible to increase annual removals in a sustainable manner by applying more intensive forest management that also improves profitability nearly 50%. The annual removals can be ca. 40% higher than the current level, and the annual energy wood removal can be over 10 mill m3. Despite increased removals, sustainable wood and biomass production during next 100 years can be achieved. Intensively managed forest are more efficient capturing carbon from atmosphere than extensively managed forests, but the climate impacts depend on the use of removed carbon (end-products made from the removed wood biomass).
Impacts of climate change on forest growth : a modelling approach with application to management
New perspectives on silvicultural management of Northern hardwoods : proceedings of the 1988 symposium on the conflicting consequences of practicing Northern hardwood silviculture 9-10 June 1988 University of New Hampshire
Regeneration problems and their silvicultural significance in the coastal forests of British Columbia
Metsätilastollinen vuosikirja 1987 = Skogsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of forest statistics
Cultivation of willows in Central and South eastern Europe : a literature review
Shortcuts
Report to the southern African regional commission for the conservation and utilization of the soil (SARCCUS) on tree planting in southern Africa: Vol 2, The Eucalypts
Studies of some factors affecting survival of woody plant seedlings
INNO-FOREST : integrating innovation and entrepreneurship research in higher forestry education
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
Reduced emissions from deforestation and forest degradation gender analysis of REDD+ and its potential impact on community resources system : case of Angai Villages Land Forest Reserve, Tanzania
Forestry for woodmen
Restrictions on forest management close to timber line in Finland
Comparison of co-existing forestry and reindeer husbandry value chains in northern Sweden
Transitions in herd management of semi-domesticated reindeer in northern Finland
Managing boreal forests in the context of climate change : impacts, adaptation and climate change mitigation
Venäjä - metsien maa = Russia - covered by forests
Influence of silvicultural regime on wood structure characteristics and mechanical properties of clear wood in Pinus sylvestris
Fire management : global assessment 2006 : a thematic study prepared in the framework of the Global forest resources assessment 2005.
Switzerland and its forests : a synthesis of middle-European forestry ideas
Retention forestry and intensified biomass harvest : epiphytic lichen assemblages under opposing ecological effects in pine-dominated boreal forests
Simulation of total willow production : Simulering av totalproduktion hos pil
Forestry in Namibia 1850-1990
Impacts of different thinning regimes in the yield of uneven-structured Scots pine stands on drained peatland
Forest genetics tour in Europe : May 9-30, 1969
Phosphorus retention in forest soils and the functioning of buffer zones used in forestry
Analysis of mechanized systems for planting trees for reforestation
Forest and stream-flow experiment at wagon wheel gap, Colo : final report, on completion of the second phase of the experiment
Phosphorus allocation in surface soil of two drained peatland forests following wood and peat ash application : why effective adsorption on low sorptive soils?
Spatial variation of climate and the impact of disturbances on local climate and forest recovery in northern Finland
[Abstract].
State of Finland's Forest 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Biodiversity policies in commercial boreal forests : optimal design of subsidy and tax combinations
Environmental Services provided by the Nordic-Baltic Forests : extended abstracts of the CAR-ES network meeting in Finland 20.-22.10.2014
Design of a growth rate study in Tamil Nadu, India - and some reflections on the silvicultural systems : report from a minor field study
The uncertainty of forest management planning data in Finnish non-industrial private forestry
Impacts of changes in forest and economic policy and business preconditions in Russia and Finland
Evaluation of soil-applied herbicides for vegetation control
Germination differences between natural and afforested populations of Pinus brutia and Cupressus sempervirens
Abstracts of papers presented at the international symposium on applications of biotechnology to tree culture, protection and utilization
Managing Africa's tropical dry forests : a review of indigenous methods
Two felling methods in final cutting of shelterwood, single-grip harvester productivity and damage to the regeneration
Objectives and motivations of small-scale forest owners : theoretical modelling and qualitative assessment
Thinning control
A study on circular plot sampling of Swedish forest compartments : en studie av avdelningsvis cirkelyteinventering
The forest farmer's handbook : a guide to natural selection forest management
A comparison of one- and two-compartment neighbourhoods in heuristic search with spatial forest management goals
Tree-planting on the prairies of Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta
The great paper caper
Abstract.
Ecology of species living on dead wood : lessons for dead wood management
General principles and procedure in the study of forest types
Airborne laser scanning based forest inventory for forest management by applying novel metrics and multiple data sources
Principles of silviculture
The benefits and constraints of participation in forest management. The case of Taita Hills, Kenya
Field handbook : choice of appropriate technology in Philippine forestry
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Effects of different forms of nitrogen fertilizer on nutrient uptake by black spruce and its humus and humus mesofauna
Participatory forest management : implications for policy and human resources' development in the Hindu Kush-Himalayas. Vol. 4, India
Research abstracts
Fire intensities and surface temperatures during prescribed burning
Summary.
Oprational testing of planting machines in the boreal forest of Ontario : I. Reynolds-Lowther Haeavy duty crank axle planter
Frost hardiness of coniferous seedlings : principles and applications
Swedish forest policy since 1990 : reforms and consequences
Commercial forests require early cleaning to ensure the unhindered and uniform growth of crop trees. In order to be cost effective, non-crop vegetation should be uprooted to prevent their recovery. Performing this work manually is a labour-intensive task but it can be done mechanically. We evaluated the efficiency of two uprooting devices in direct seeded Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) stands ca. 1 m tall. Productivity and quality of the uprooting work was investigated across eight stands and ca. 160 sample plots in northern Karelia, eastern Finland. Time consumption of the uprooters was analyzed through a linear regression model and the work quality through a multilevel multivariate model in terms of the number of individual Scots pine seedlings, processing units (i.e., a bunch of seedlings to be harvested in the future) and broadleaves. The productivity of the narrower modified device was significantly better in terms of time consumption than the wider original device. Work quality did not differ significantly between devices when stand characteristics, regeneration success and pre-existing damage were taken into account. Results indicate that mechanical uprooting devices may be further developed to a cost-effective alternative to motor-manual techniques for the early cleaning of direct seeded commercial Scots pine stands..
Reloading mechanized tree planting devices faster using a seedling tray carousel
Proceedings of the OSCAR Workshop : mechanized and efficient silviculture : November 25–26, 2015 Natural Resources Institute Finland, Suonenjoki Research Unit, Finland
Labour consumption models applied to motor-manual pre-commercial thinning in Finland
Forest tree planting in arid zones
Canadian journal of forest research
CAR-ES (Centre of Advanced Research on Environmental Services from Nordic Forest Ecosystems, 2011-2015) is an open network that brings together Nordic and Baltic forest researchers. The CAR-ES network aims at providing scientific knowledge on the impacts of forest management on major environmental services for decision making within the forest sector. The main environmental services addressed are: Carbon sequestration, Water quality, Biodiversity, Soil quality. CAR-ES organizes meetings, workshops and conferences and the second meeting in 2014 was held in Finland, at the premises of Metla Vantaa Unit. The meeting discussed the issues related to the main environmental services covered by CAR-ES, work on the ongoing subprojects and plannned the final conference as well as the future of the network. The workshop was attended by 30 scientists representing the Baltic and Nordic countries. The extended abstracts of the presentations are published in this paper. CAR-ES is funded by the Nordic Forest Research (SNS) as one of its Virtual Centres of Advanced Research.
Getting ready! : a study of national governance structures for REDD+
Breeding activity
Selection of species for forests in their productive role as a source of raw material for industry : United Kingdom, 14-23 May 1963.
Making sense of social forestry : a study of forestry practices in Zimbabwe
The forests handbook. Vol. 2, Applying forest science for sustainable management
Plantation technology in tropical forest science
Understanding and communicating forest stand structures : lifting barriers for nature-based forest management
The urban forest : comprehensive management
Silviculture : concepts and applications
Questions of forest sciences
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Management of boreal forest landscape for plant species richness and timber revenues
Effects of reindeer grazing and forestry on ground lichens in Finnish Lapland
The care of the woodlot
Future review for the forest sector : outline of the forest council concerning focuses and aims for the forest sector
Forestry in Japan
Forestry in Malå, northern Sweden, coexists with other land uses. Reindeer husbandry is in the area for centuries and requires large areas of grazing land. Competing land uses may threaten the Malå Sami village. The aim of the study was to evaluate increased consideration in forest management towards 1) reindeer husbandry, 2) nature and 3) a combination of the two. These scenarios were compared with forest management as it was in 2009. Results indicate that all three scenarios lead to a decrease in annual harvesting volumes of 0.2 to 0.4 million m3. Forest industry dominated the economic viability in the area. Forest management adapted to the needs of reindeer husbandry resulted in less potential for yearly harvest, employment and profits from forest industry. On the other hand, it led to an increase in growing stock and consequently the potential for carbon sequestration over time. Indeed the increased sequestration would compensate for all fossil emissions of carbon from the Forest Wood Chain (FWC). The nature scenario had minor effects on economic result and on the emissions of fossil carbon. The combined scenario gave a reduced economic performance for the FWC. A scenario based on forest management accommodating the needs of reindeer husbandry gave the best economic result for the reindeer chain, due to high survival rate of the reindeer. However the economic importance of reindeer husbandry in the region was small compared to the FWC. Results from scenario analysis could serve as a platform for mutual understanding between stakeholders.
Timber production possibilities and capital yields from the Norwegian forest area
Urban forests
Restrictions on forest management close to the timberline in North America
The hidden life of trees : what they feel, how they communicate : discoveries from a secret world
Effects of climate change and management on growth of Norway spruce in boreal conditions : an approach based on ecosystem model
Incidence of butt rot at final felling and at first thinning of the subsequent rotation of Norway spruce stands in south-western Sweden
Studies on the radiation breeding of forest trees
Landscape forestry
Biodiversity conservation in forestry : essays on the economics of site selection
Cleaning Scots pine seedling stands with mechanical uprooters - a work quality comparison of two related devices
Forest excursion to St. Petersburg : 12-18 August 1995
Structure and some dimensional relations of six clones of Salix and one clone of Populus (trichocarpa x deltoides) from a clonal trial at Studsvik, Sweden
A participatory approach to tactical forest planning
A study of the recent advances made in accelerated cultivation of poplars in Italy and the scope of raising industrial plantatios in India
Stand characteristics and external quality of young Scots pine stands in Finland
Forest management planning and classification in Norway
Woodland key habitats : a key to effective conservation of forest biodiversity?
Capercaillie (Tetrao urogallus L.) habitats in managed Finnish forests : the current status, threats and possibilities
Northwest Russian Forest Sector in a Nutshell
Evolution of forest fertilization in Finland
Biological basis for the propagation of woody plants by cuttings
Forest policy, continuous tree cover forest and uneven-aged forest management in Sweden's boreal forest
Forest insects and environmental variation in stand edges
Investigations into the natural regeneration of selectively cut private forests in northern Finland.
Proceedings from a symposium arranged by the International energy agency (IEA) planning group on growth and production at Bogesund, Stockholm, September 24, 1979
Ultrastructure and seasonal changes of vascular cambium in broadleaved trees within the temperate region : a literature review
Assessing the effectiveness of non-profit forestry organisations : an ultimate goal approach
Development of a spatial values-based recreation planning framework for Canadian Crown lands
Effects of forest management on sustainability of integrated timber and energy wood production : scenario analysis based on ecosystem model simulations
Summary: The forest resources of Finnish Lapland by sub-areas. The 7th national forest inventory in 1978 and 1982-84.
Impact of regeneration method on stand structure prior to first thinning
The fertilizer treatment of forest trees
Creating value through advanced silvicultural services
