http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7539 constructions (buildings)
constructions (buildings)
Brick wonders : ancient, modern, and natural wonders made from LEGO
Build your own fantasy treehouse
Practical building conservation. Part A and Part B, Earth, brick and terracotta
The Complete Guide to Decks : A Step-by-Step manual for Building Basic and Customized Decks
Patio proofs & gazebos
Il segreto della Cupola del Brunelleschi a Firenze = The secret of Brunelleschi's Dome in Florence
Architecture for dogs : production; Haruka Misawa, Mizuho Morita, Yuka Okazaki
America's boardwalks : from Coney Island to California
Just brick it
Creative ideas for lawns, patios, decks & paths : practical advice on designing garden floors and surfaces, using grass, groundcover, stone, wood, brick, tile and gravel
Playsets : ideas and plans for play structures
Backyard recreation projects
Unleash your imagination as you journey through the wide-ranging world of LEGO building. Filled with bright visuals, step-by-step breakdowns of 40 models and nearly 150 example models from the world's best builders. Learn to build robots, planes, cities, and much more. Whether you're brand-new to LEGO or have been building for years, this book is sure to spark your imagination and motivate you to keep creating!. / WorldCat.
The Lego adventure book. 2, spaceships, pirates, dragons & more!
Making arbors & trellises : 25 practical & decorative projects for your garden
Brick wonders : ancient, natural & modern marvels in LEGO®
Building decks : from the editors of Fine homebuilding
Building Robots with LEGO® Mindstorms® NXT
Rock the shack : the architecture of cabins, cocoons and hide-outs
The LEGO Mindstorms NXT idea book : design, invent, and build
The LEGO book
1491 : new revelations of the Americas before Columbus
Architecture of the ancient civilizations in colour : Mesopotamia, Egypt, the Indus Valley, the megaliths, the Hittites, the Minoans, the Mycenaeans, the Etruscans, Central and South America
Decks & Decking : 15 step-by-step projects : Quick and easy ideas to enhance your garden
Environmental noise barriers : a guide to their acoustic and visual design
The Lego ideas book : you can build anything!
Making garden floors : stone, brick, tile, concrete, ornamental gravel, recycled materials, and more
Creating cool MINDSTORMS® NXT robots
Brick wonders : ancient, natural & modern marvels in LEGO
Beautiful wooden projects for outdoor living
Trellises & arbors : landscape & design ideas, plus projects
Manifesting the presence of Inca : messages in stone
Fourth International Conference on Current and Future Trends in Bridge Design, Construction and Maintenance
LEGO® collector : collector's guide = Sammler Katalog
Handy dad : 25 awesome projects for dads and kids
Uses LEGO models to explore Neoclassical, Art Deco, Brutalist, Modernist, and other architectural styles. Each chapter includes a discussion of the architectural movement, photographs of famous real-life buildings, and a gallery of LEGO models, with step-by-step building instructions / WorldCat.
Selective laser melting (SLM) of lattice structures in solid shells
Proceedings of the Second International Congress on Construction History, Queens' College, Cambridge University, 29th March-2nd April 2006
365 things to do with LEGO® bricks
The LEGO neighborhood book : build your own town!
Creative projects with LEGO mindstorms
Building Roma Aeterna : current research on Roman mortar and concrete : proceedings of the conference March 27-29 2008
Pools and spas : Planning, designing, maintaining, landscaping
Great monuments of India
LEGO awesome ideas
Concrete vaulted construction in Imperial Rome : innovations in context
Structures : or Why things don't fall down
Inuksuit : silent messengers of the Arctic
Brick city : LEGO for grown ups
Creative tools
The Lego adventure book. 3, Robots, planes, cities & more!
The snow show
Cold War : building for nuclear confrontation, 1946-1989
Western Amazonia = Amazônia ocidental : multidisciplinary studies on ancient expansionistic movements, fortifications and sedentary life
Am stein [sic] : an intervention for enhancing the tourism in the alpine region
Minecraft medieval fortress
An introduction to rigging in the entertainment industry
The backyard playground : recreational landscapes & play structures
The seven wonders of the world : a history of the modern imagination
Beautiful Lego® : wild!
Divided by you : creating flexible walls with functions
The unofficial Lego builder's guide
Materials and their applications in landscape design
The Lego adventure book : cars, castles, dinosaurs & more!
Backyard structures
Architecture of the ancient civilizations in colour : Mesopotamia, Egypt, The Indus Valley, The Megaliths, The Hittites, The Minoans, The Myceneans, The Etruscans, Central and South America
Water features for the garden : including 16 easy-to-build projects
The art & craft of stonework : dry-stacking, mortaring, paving, carving, gardenscaping
The LEGO architect
A medieval-themed building book for Minecraft, packed with guides, schematics and inspirational ideas to construct, defend and customise your very own castle. Every build is illustrated with a detailed exploded view, so readers can see exactly which blocks are used in the structures, both inside and out.
Deck designs : decks, pergolas,railings, planters, benches
A shelter in the garden : playhouses, treehouses, gazebos, sheds and other outdoor structures
Aluminium structures in the entertainment industry
