http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7531 religious science scholars
religious science scholars
Mihály Hoppál : a bibliography of his works 1970-2005
Raffaele Pettazzoni and Herbert Jennings Rose, correspondence 1927-1958 : the long friendship between the author and the translator of The all-knowing God, with an appendix of documents
When gods spoke : researchers and reflections on religious phenomena and artefacts : studia in honorem Tarmo Kulmar
Hermeneutics, politics, and the history of religions : the contested legacies of Joachim Wach and Mircea Eliade
Eminent lives in twentieth-century science & religion : second revised and much expanded edition. With chapters on: Rachel Carson; Charles A. Coulson; Theodosius Dobzhansky; Arthur S. Eddington; Albert Einstein; Ronald A. Fisher; Julian Huxley; Pascual Jordan; Robert A. Millikan; Ivan P. Pavlov; Michael I. Pupin; Abdus Salam; Edward O. Wilson
Selected writings
Personalia : stories and glimpses of René́ Gothóni's life
Re-imagining South Asian religions : essays in honour of professors Harold G. Coward and Ronald W. Neufeldt
Studying religion and society : sociological self-portraits
Ethnography is a heavy rite : studies of comparative religion in honour of Juha Pentikäinen
Missionary impositions : conversion, resistance, and other challenges to objectivity in religious ethnography
This Festschrift is dedicated to Professor Tarmo Kulmar on the occasion of his 65th birthday. The volume contains 23 papers from Tarmo Kulmar's friends, colleagues and students. The papers cover quite an extensive field of religious studies from archaeology and source text analysis to modern religious trends, politics, and the methodology of religious studies. All these are areas to which Professor Kulmar has contributed a great deal over more than 40 years of academic study.
Rafael Karsten (1879-1956) as a Finnish scholar of religion : the life and career of a man of science
The dark side of humanity : the work of Robert Hertz and its legacy
The telling
Vidyārṇavavandanam : essays in Honour of Asko Parpola
Mircea Eliade : from magic to myth
Kepler's Tübingen : stimulus to a theological mathematics
Decoding the language of God : can a scientist really be a believer? : a geneticist responds to Francis Collins
Hjalmar Sundén's impact on the study of religion in the Nordic countries
In this article, I discuss Hjalmar Sundén's theoretical and methodological contributions to the psychological study of religion in the Nordic countries, including a discussion of role theory and Sundén's way of conducting (and presenting) his research. Nordic scholars' use of role theory is analyzed and discussed. My analysis of the state of research reveals that the use of role theory reached its peak during the 1970s. Scholarly interest in the theory declined during the 1980s, and has been virtually abandoned since the mid-1990s. In these earlier studies, the theory was primarily used to elucidate the psychological dynamic of various religious phenomena, rather than to test the theory systematically against data. However, these scholars gave the theory an empirical underpinning, and identified details in the theory that needed to be refined and revised. I propose several possible reasons for the decline in scholarly interest in role theory. Finally, I suggest that Sundén's methodological contributions may have had a bigger impact on the study of religion than his theoretical contributions.
The power of myth
Contemporary views on comparative religion : in celebration of Tim Jensen's 65th birthday
Historical dictionary of shamanism
The role of theory in folkloristics and comparative religion : Turku, 21-23 August, 2013
Genes, genesis, and God : values and their origins in natural and human history
Religion from the viewpoint of tradition ecology - Lauri Honko's (1932-2002) contribution to comparative religion
