http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7530 visual artists
visual artists
Portraits : talking with artists at the Met, the Modern, the Louvre and elsewhere
Art : 21 : art in the twenty-first century. season three
Haring : 1958 - 1990 : a life for art
World Art Trends. 1982
Wilhelm Sasnal
Mail art 7 : 1962-2002 : 40 years of mail art from the New York Correspondance School
Paintings for children
Egon Schiele : the complete works : including a biography and a catalogue raisonné
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 4, History of art : Romanesque art - Romanticism
Johan Scott : narkissos = narcissus : 11.1.-4.2.2007
Siting Federico Barocci and the Renaissance aesthetic
Edvard Munch : the major graphic
Erro : taidehistoriaa, politiikkaa, science fictionia = art history, politics, science fiction
Hunnun salaisuus = The secret of the veil = Slöjans hemlighet
Works of art and artists in England. Volume 2
Kaksi vuosisataa suomalaista kuvataidetta : taidesäätiö Meritan kokoelma : konststiftelsen Meritas samling = Two centuries of Finnish fine arts : art foundation Merita's collection = Två sekel av finländsk bildkonst
Ars gratia artis
The feud that sparked the renaissance : how Brunelleschi and Ghiberti changed the art world
Art in Finland : survey of a century
Tác gia, tác phâm my thuât Viêt Nam = Vietnamese fine arts, artists, and works of art
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 8, Biographical dictionary of artists : Limburg Brothers - Francisco Ribalta
Younger than Jesus, artist directory : the essential handbook to a new generation of artists
13 art mysteries children should know /Angela Wenzel
Tales from the Loop
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2016! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2016!
Reunalla = Aan de rand = On the edge
Imagining a new society : public painting as politics in postwar Finland
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 2, History of art : Roman art - early Christian art
The artist by himself : self-portrait drawings from youth to old age
Alfredo Jaar : tonight no poetry will serve
Flemish painters 1430-1830. Volume one
Erken bahar = springtime : new art from Istanbul
Mountains and waters
Chris Ware
Focusing on what he calls 'the performative gaze', the author explores the artistic world of the Urbino painter Federico Barocci in the context of Renaissance culture.
Sculptor's daughter : a childhood memoir
Mikhail Larionov and the cultural politics of late imperial Russia
Acorn
Finntrip 1988
"Seasons One and Two of this unique series present 37 diverse artists working in the United States today, taking viewers behind the scenes--and beyond the museum or gallery experience--into artists' studios, homes, and communities to provide an intimate view of their lives, work, creative processes, and sources of inspiration. Themes provide a connective thread between profiles of three to five artists per program (four hour-long programs per season). The artists, including painters, photographers, sculptors, performance, and video artists, demonstrate the breadth of artistic practice across the United States and reveal the depth of intergenerational and multicultural talent"--Container.
Stories of the Italian artists : Venetien and Umbrian schools
"Takes viewers into artists' studios, homes, and communities to provide an intimate view of their lives, work, creative processes, and sources of inspiration. The four one-hour programs present 18 artists working in the United States ... speaking in their own words about how, why and what they create. A unifying theme for each hour -  Power, Memory, Structures, and Play -- provides a connective thread linking profiled artists."
My life in a column
Biographies
Selected textual works 1991-2003
Picasso: the man and his work. Part 1 (1881-1937)
Solar system & rest rooms : writings and interviews 1965-2007
Work of art and artists in England. Volume 3
Works on paper
ARTHELSINKI10 : Helsingin nykytaidemessut : Helsinki contemporary art fair = ARTHELSINKI
Contemporary artists : Volume 1 : A-K
Marcel Dzama : sower of dischord
Artists & illustrators : e-lehti
Pekka Paikkari : suuri keskeneräinen = the never-ending : 19.10.2006-31.1.2007
Hendrick Avercamp : master of the ice scene
Randolph Caldecott : the man who could not stop drawing
Erró : taidehistoriaa, politiikkaa, science fictionia = art history, politics, science fiction
Värvimeelne : Akvarellid 1966-2006 = Rich in colour : Aquarelles 1966-2006
You can be lonely anywhere, but there is a particular flavor to the loneliness that comes from living in a city, surrounded by thousands of strangers. The Lonely City is a roving cultural history of urban loneliness, centered on the ultimate city: Manhattan, that teeming island of gneiss, concrete, and glass. What does it mean to be lonely? How do we live, if we're not intimately involved with another human being? How do we connect with other people, particularly if our sexuality or physical body is considered deviant or damaged? Does technology draw us closer together or trap us behind screens? Olivia Laing explores these questions by travelling deep into the work and lives of some of the century's most original artists, among them Andy Warhol, David Wojnarowicz, Edward Hopper, Henry Darger and Klaus Nomi. Part memoir, part biography, part dazzling work of cultural criticism, The Lonely City is not just a map, but a celebration of the state of loneliness. It's a voyage out to a strange and sometimes lovely island, adrift from the larger continent of human experience, but visited by many - millions, say - of souls.
Tal R : the virgin
Munch and after Munch = Munch og etter Munch : eller maleres standhaftighet = or the obstinacy of painters
The lonely city : adventures in the art of being alone
Works of art and artists in England. Volume 1
Axel Antas : interventions
Encounter 29.3.-22.4.2001
The magic mirror of M. C. Escher
Cildo Meireles : Studio K, 9.4-6.6.1999
Turun piirustuskoulu nyt 2011! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, now 2011!
Matti Värttö *27.10.1948 †22.1.2011 : sein Leben für die Kunst = his life for art = hänen elämänsä taiteelle
Anni Rapinoja : Luonnon Garderobi III = Wardrobe of nature III
Barents region young artists' exhibition and seminar : 2.2.-31.3.2001 Rovaniemi Art Museum, Finland
Pierre Soulages : black light
Speaking of art : four decades of art in conversation
Off the wall : Robert Rauschenberg and the art world of our time
Tove Jansson : life, art, words : the authorised biography / Boel Westin ; translated by Silvester Mazzarella
Paint or pixel : the digital divide in illustration art
Sanoja words paroles : näyttely kansainvälisten taiteilijoiden runoja = Sanoja words paroles : an exhibition of artists' poems
Modern women : women artists at the Museum of Modern Art
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 6, Biographical dictionary of artists : Alvar Aalto - Paul Durand-Ruel
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Stories of the Italian artists : Florentine school
Vertauskuvakellot = Metaphorical bells
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 7, Biographical dictionary of artists : Albrecht Dürer - Jan Lievensz
Michelangelo, like Leonardo, was a man of many talents; sculptor, architect, painter and poet, he made the apotheosis of muscular movement, which to him was the physical manifestation of passion. He moulded his draughtsmanship, bent it, twisted it, and stretched it to the extreme limits of possibility. There are not any landscapes in Michelangelo's painting. All the emotions, all the passions, all the thoughts of humanity were personified in his eyes in the naked bodies of men and women. He rarely conceived his human forms in attitudes of immobility or repose. Michelangelo became a painter so that he could express in a more malleable material what his titanesque soul felt, what his sculptor's imagination saw, but what sculpture refused him. Thus this admirable sculptor became the creator, at the Vatican, of the most lyrical and epic decoration ever seen: the Sistine Chapel. The profusion of his invention is spread over this vast area of over 900 square metres. There are 343 principal figures of prodigious variety of expression, many of colossal size, and in addition a great number of subsidiary ones introduced for decorative effect. The creator of this vast scheme was only thirty-four when he began his work. Michelangelo compels us to enlarge our conception of what is beautiful. To the Greeks it was physical perfection; but Michelangelo cared little for physical beauty, except in a few instances, such as his painting of Adam on the Sistine ceiling, and his sculptures of the Pieta. Though a master of anatomy and of the laws of composition, he dared to disregard both if it were necessary to express his concept: to exaggerate the muscles of his figures, and even put them in positions the human body could not naturally assume. In his later painting, The Last Judgment on the end wall of the Sistine, he poured out his soul like a torrent. Michelangelo was the first to make the human form express a variety of emotions. In his hands emotion became an instrument upon which he played, extracting themes and harmonies of infinite variety. His figures carry our imagination far beyond the personal meaning of the names attached to them.
Thursday perhaps : Anna Tuori 6.4.-7.5.2006
The young Picasso
Flemish painters 1430-1830. Volume two
Thomas Brezing : the art of failure isn't hard to master
íomhá 2006 : onethingleadstoanother : five artists from County Louth
Infinity net : the autobiography of Yayoi Kusama
Contemporary artists : Volume 2 : L-Z
At the centre : 1980s visual arts in Central Finland : Keskisuomalaisen kuvataiteen 1980-luku = Keskellä
Picasso : the life and work of the artist illustrated with 80 colour plates
Erotic ambiguities : the female nude in art
Ben Nicholson : paintings, reliefs, drawings : volume 1
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2015! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2015!
Michelangelo : painting, sculpture, architecture
Begun in 1973, Audio Arts is a one-of-a-kind venture: an audio magazine of new interviews with the world's most important contemporary artists. Distributed in cassette format until 2002 and on CD from 2003-07, the interviews in Audio Arts have never before been published. Speaking of Art collects the c. 50 best interviews from the Audio Arts archive. These range from towering figures in art history (Joseph Beuys, Frank Stella, John Cage) to the current stars of the contemporary scene (Wolfgang Tillmans, Thomas Demand, Mike Nelson). At a future date all c. 350 interview transcripts from the Audio Arts archive will be unveiled on the Phaidon web site, creating an unparalleled online resource that will be a trove for artists, students, researchers and art fans everywhere.
Picasso: the man and his work. Part 2 (1938-1973)
Nanna Susi : burlesque and cheerful homelessness of landscape
Singing off key
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
American artists : an illustrated survey of leading contemporary Americans
The Artisans and guilds of France : beautiful craftsmanship through the centuries
Ellen Thesleff : värien tanssi = dance of colour
Travelling in a palimpsest : Finnish nineteenth-century painters' encounters with Spanish art and culture
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
The entire world as a foreign land
Joseph Beuys : life and works
Contemporary artists
Daniel Roth : CAR GWYLLT
German art now
Sndy Warhol : a retrospective
7.42 : Irish contemporary art : Abigail O'Brien, Thomas Brezing, Seán Cotter, Mary Kelly
Each of these 36 'tutors' has provided a unique lesson that aims to provoke, inspire and stimulate. Lively, entertaining and poignant, the contributors draw on their extensive experience in the contemporary art world, to share previously untold stories and identify the crucial things they wish they'd known at the start of their careers. Their advice ranges from practical considerations about making art and managing professional relationships, to ideological perspectives on the nature of learning and the state of art education in the twenty-first century. Many also propose 'assignments' to spark creative thinking and the entries are illustrated with visually compelling art works to engage and inspire the reader. --
Öyvind Fahlström : another space for painting
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 5, History of art : Realism - South African art
Arthur Mihkelsoo 1902-1988, artist
Art : 21 : art in the twenty-first century. season one and two
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 9, Biographic dictionary of artists : Jusepe de Ribera - Francisco de Surbarán : glossary
Early Sámi visual artists : Western fine art meets Sámi culture
A dictionary of contemporary American artists
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 3, History of art : Byzantine art - Ottonian art
Incite 4, Relax, Restore, Renew : the Best of Mixed Media
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Shirin Neshat : hunnun salaisuus = the secret of the veil = slöjans hemlighet
Haitian art in the diaspora : a directory of Haitian artists living abroad
Tor Arne, Carolus Enckell, Paul Osipow : [valokuvat = foto = photographs: Seppo Hilpo, Sakari Vilka]
