http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7533 dixieland
dixieland
Live at the BP Studienhaus
New Orleans : the living legends
Jazz New Orleans 1918-1944
The complete Decca sessions 1954/55
Jazz classics in digital stereo vol. 1 : New Orleans
Dixieland buskers : piano
Struttin' our stuff
With jazz from Russia
Live at Storyville
Old Time Jazz Band featuring Reine Rimón in New Orleans
25 dixieland solos : for B flat instruments with piano accompaniment
DDT Jazzband 40th anniversary parade
Dixieland-style : trumpet
Digital Dutch
Puttin' on the Ritz
F. Scott Fitzgerald and the music : tales of the Jazz Age : the Great Gatsby
Dixieland style : Francis & Day's album of piano solos
The story of the Original Dixieland Jazz Band
New Orleans nights ; For lovers
Dixieland jazz : this was the jazz age
Svensk jazzhistoria. Vol. 7, Swedish jazz 1952-1955 : the golden years
Old Time Jazz
The sound of dixieland
Down by the riverside : 15 traditional dixieland classics! : jazz play-a-long for all musicians
That toddlin' Town : Eddie Condon and his Chicagoans
The fabulous Mr. Acker Bilk
The Town hall concerts. Volume Four
Riverside history of classic jazz
A tribute to Finn Otto Hansen : Hamburg 1970/1971
Finnish Dixieland Jazz
Spotlight
The Dukes of Dixieland and friends in New Orleans
And all that jazz
The Smithsonian collection of classic jazz. Volume 1.
The Smithsonian collection of classic jazz. Volume 2
Backup trax : traditional jazz & dixieland : for: violin, guitar and banjo
The Story of America's Music
The essential guide to New Orleans
East Bottom Dixiemen
He's got the whole world in his hand
Jazz styles : history & analysis
Basin Street blues
The Armstrong box
The very best of dixieland : the millenium edition
St. Louis blues : traditional dixieland classics
Svensk jazzhistoria. Vol. 6, Swedish jazz 1947-1951 : Cream of the crop
The Commodore story
The original charleston : rhythms of the roaring twenties
Riverside history of Classic Jazz
Live at Storyville : DDT 35.
Best of dixieland
Shout, sister, shout
The Good Time Jazz Story
The real Dixieland book
Scania 112 Intercooler
Louis Armstrong's 50 Dixieland jazz classics for the trumpet
Jazz Party with Peter "Banjo" Meyer
Town Hall Concert plus
The Complete Hot Five & Hot Seven vol.2 : 1926-1927
He's got the whole world in his hands
Riverside Rascals featuring Tricia Boutte
Live in Australia 1964
Joyful noise unto The Lord
Dixieland : Sweet Georgia Brown
Blueberry Hill
St. Louis blues : traditional dixieland classics : play-a-long book and CD set for all instrumentalists and vocalists
DDT 35 : DDT Jazzband live at Storyville
Back to the source : hotter than ever!
How to play Dixieland, Jazz & Ragtime
St. Louis blues : traditional Dixieland classics : play-a-long book and CD set for all instrumentalists and vocalists
St. Louis blues : Traditional Dixieland classics : For all instrumentalists and vocalists
Lonesome road : recordings 1964-2009
The first jazz recordings
T'aint nobody's business..
20 great dixieland hits
Jazz The World Forgot. Vol. 1 : Jazz Classics of the 1920's
In the sweet bye & bye
New Orleans classics : Bb trumpet solo
The further adventures of Bix Beiderbecke : Jazz band classics for trumpet
The Smithsonian collection of classic jazz. Volume 1
Live at Storyville : DDT 35
25th anniversary concert
The Smithsonian collection of classic jazz [CD]. Volume 1.
It's wonderful
From dixie to swing
Monday Session
High society
New orleans jazz
New Orleans Ragtime Orchestra
Jazz The World Forgot. Vol. 2
New Orleans jazz
Weather bird
The Complete Hot Five & Hot Seven vol.1 : 1925-1926
