http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p754 wild berries
wild berries
The green home organic crops in pots : how to grow your own vegatagles, fruits and herbs
On the damage caused by the species of Galerucella (Col., Chrysomelidae) on cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in Finland and northern Norway
Rational use, reproduction and protection of cranberries in the Latvian SSR
Wild Berries Naturally
Ten years of inquiries on the berry and mushroom yields in Finland, 1977-1986
The coverage of bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.) was modelled as a function of site and stand characteristics using the permanent sample plots of the National Forest Inventory (NFI) (Model 1). The sample sites consisted of mineral soil forests as well as fells and peatland sites. Annual variation in the bilberry yield (Model 2) was analysed based on measurements over 2001-2014 in the permanent sample plots (so-called MASI plots) in various areas of Finland. We derived annual bilberry yield indices from the year effects of Model 2 and investigated whether these indices could be used to estimate annual variation in bilberry crops in Finland. The highest bilberry coverage was found in mesic heath forests and fell forests. On peatlands the coverage was, on average, lower than on mineral soil sites; the peatland sites with most bilberry coverage were meso-oligotrophic and oligotrophic spruce mires and oligotrophic pine mires. Our bilberry yield indices showed similar variation to those derived from the mean annual berry yields reported and calculated earlier using the MASI plots; the correlation between the indices was 0.795. This approach to calculating annual berry yield indices is a promising way for estimating total annual bilberry yields over a given period of time. Models 1 and 2 can be used in conjunction with the Miina et al.'s (2009) bilberry yield model when bilberry coverage, average annual yield and annual variation in the yield are to be predicted in forest planning..
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
Berry production in Finland : wild berries, cultivated berries, organic berry research
The structure of South Karelian (USSR) cowberry coenopopulations
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Timber production is an economically important provisioning ecosystem service in forests, but is often in conflict with the provision of other ecosystem services. In multifunctional forestry, the production of timber and non-timber ecosystem services should coexist in the same landscape. To this end, we explored the capacity of a boreal landscape to simultaneously produce collectable goods − bilberry (Vaccimium myrtillus L.), cowberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.) and cep (Boletus edulis Bull.) − alongside timber revenues. We also identified optimal forest management plans to achieve this. Furthermore, we analyzed trade-offs between collectable good yields and timber production, as well as between their economic values. We ran forest growth simulations under seven alternative management regimes at a landscape level across 50-year planning horizons. Then, we used multi-objective optimization to explore trade-offs and identify optimal forest management plans. The results showed that the strongest trade-off was between bilberry and timber production, resulting in a large loss in timber revenues for a gain in bilberry production. However, the conflicts between other collectables and timber production were relatively small: it was possible to increase the provision of collectable goods 4-15% with small reductions (3−5%) from timber revenues. With careful forest planning, there is the potential to simultaneously produce high levels of collectable goods and timber revenues in the landscape..
Hunt, gather, cook : finding the forgotten feast
Wild berry and mushroom studies in Finland : bibliographic study
Food for free
Healthy Forest Berries : Lingonberry : Bilberry : Cloudberry : Crowberry
Managing boreal forests for the simultaneous production of collectable goods and timber revenues
A feast of weeds : a literary guide to foraging and cooking wild edible plants
Abstract: The wintertime ecology, particularly the water economy and associated problems of a typical species of the boreal coniferous forest zone have been investigated...
Wise use of mires and peatlands : background and principles including a framework for decision-making
Berry and mushroom production in areas drained for forestry
New kitchen garden : organic gardening and cooking with herbs, vegetables and fruit
Modelling bilberry and cowberry yields in Finland : different approaches to develop models for forest planning calculations
Wild berries in the Estonian food industry : products, importance, potential
Healthy forest berries : lingonberry, bilberry, cloudberry, crowberry
Factors contributing to sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides L.) flavour
Stephanie Alexander's kitchen garden companion
Picking of wild berries and edible mushrooms in the Rovaniemi region of Finnish Lapland
Importance of bog and mire areas in the Finnish landscape
Food and natural produce from Finland's forests during the twentieth century
Non-wood forest products and poverty mitigation : concepts, overviews and cases : proceedings of a project workshop in Krakow, 2004
Finnish forestry practice and management
Effects of berry production and deblossoming on growth, carbohydrates and nitrogen compounds in Vaccinium myrtillus in north Finland
On the European cranberry in Soviet Karelia
The water economy of the bilberry (Vaccinum myrtillus) under winter conditions
Summary: Thirty eight volatile aroma compounds were identified in the frozen berries of Rubus stellatus by means of the glass capillary gas chromatography-mass spectrometry systems. These compounds cover about 75 per cent of the total steam-distilled fraction, which...
Forest food chain and dose model (FDMF) for RODOS : model description = Metsien säteilytilanteen annoslaskentamalli (FDMF) päätöksenteon tukijärjestelmässä RODOS : mallin kuvaus
Diurnal activity of flower visitors to the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.)
Geographical variation in the phenology and morphology of bilberry in Finland
Bilberry and cowberry yields and the factors controlling them in the forests of Karelia, USSR
Is the use of forest berries for poverty mitigation a relevant issue in an affluent society such as Finland?
Summary: Heavy damage to cloudberry by Galerucella "nymphaeae" was observed in 1974 in northern Finland...
Berries in the world : introduction to the international markets of berries
The elixir of the remote regions
Preliminary studies on flower visitors to and potential pollinators of the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in subarctic Lapland
Modelling the coverage and annual variation in bilberry yield in Finland
Composition of hawthorn (Crataegus spp.) fruits and leaves and emblic leafflower (Phyllanthus emblica) fruits
Yield of the red rasberry, Rubus idaeus, after prescribed burning at Evo, southern Finland
Cloudberry yields and factors affecting the yield in northern Finland
Effect of forestry on the yields of wild berries and edible fungi
The holistic orchard [Moniviestin] : tree fruits and berries the biological way
The effects of the 1984-1985 cold winter on the bilberrry and lingonberry yield in Finland
The effect of fertilizers, mulch and land contours on young sea buckthorn cultivars in organic farming
Summary: The largest number of visitors and visits to cloudberry was observed during the afternoon and middle of the day, and the smallest number in the morning. The pattern of visits was explained well by temperature...
Socio-economic importance of main non-wood forest products for the inhabitants of the Czech Republic
Producing Sea Buckthorn of High Quality : proceedings of the 3rd European Workshop on Sea Buckthorn : Naantali, Finland, October 14-16, 2014
Yield variations of some common wild berries in Finland in 1956-1996
Fireweed, roseroot, Bergenia and chokeberry : joint research for supporting the herb production
Estimates of wild berry yields in Finland
Model-based resource estimates for bilberry and cowberry in Finland
Summary: Insects visiting cloudberry flowers were studied in three areas north of the Arctic Circle: Forests and Fell Lapland in Finland, and Finnmark in Norway...
Plants in the service of man
Bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.) in a boreal forest ecosystem : effects on tree seedling emergence and growth
Proceedings of the Fifth International Strawberry Symposium : Coulum Beach, Queensland, Australia, September 5-10, 2004
Abstract: The ecology of the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus) is shortly reviewed, especially paying attention to the reproduction and to the damages caused by Galerucella nymphaeae. Figures are given indicating the maximum yield in natural conditions, and the economic importance of this berry is stressed...
The effect of fertilization on the yield of wild forest berries
Growing your own fruit and vegetarian for dummies
Cultivation of cloudberry in Fennoscandia
Organic strawberry production : a grower's guide
Wild berry utilisation and markets in Finland
A gardener's guide to growning strawberries organically
Alaska wildberry trails (with recipes)
Assessments of common pests, growth and nitrogen levels on wild raspberries (Rubus idaeus L.) in summer 2000
Effect of fertilization on forest ecosystem
The health effects of sea buckthorn berries and oil
"An award-winning journalist and blogger's guide to foraging, fishing, hunting--and making the most of the fruits of a day spent gathering food in the field. If there is a frontier beyond organic, local, and seasonal, beyond farmers' markets and sustainably raised meat, it surely includes hunting, fishing, and foraging your own food. A lifelong angler and forager who became a hunter late in life, Hank Shaw has chronicled his passion for hunting and gathering in his widely read blog, Hunter Angler Gardener Cook, which has developed an avid following among outdoor people and foodies alike. Hank is dedicated to finding a place on the table for the myriad overlooked and underutilized wild foods that are there for the taking--if you know how to get them. In Hunt, Gather, Cook, he shares his experiences both in the field and the kitchen, as well as his extensive knowledge of North America's edible flora and fauna. With the fresh, clever prose that brings so many readers to his blog, Hank provides a user-friendly, food-oriented introduction to tracking down everything from sassafras to striped bass to snowshoe hares. He then provides innovative ways to prepare wild foods that go far beyond typical campfire cuisine: homemade root beer, cured wild boar loin, boneless tempura shad, Sardinian hare stew--even pasta made with handmade acorn flour. For anyone ready to take a more active role in determining what they feed themselves and their families, Hunt, Gather, Cook offers an entertaining and delicious introduction to harvesting the bounty of wild foods to be found in every part of the country"--
Yield forecasting and optimization of berry harvesting in the forests of Southern Karelia, USSR
Availability of seed oils from Finnish berries : with special reference to compositional, geographical and nutritional aspects
The chemical composition of wild berries subjected to atmospheric industrial pollution in the Kola Peninsula
Empirical prediction models for the coverage and yields of cowberry in Finland
Voice of the Nordic wild berry industry : a survey among the companies
Factors affecting participation in wild berry picking by rural and urban dwellers
The cranberry yield in the USSR
Proceedings of the Organic Fruit Conference : Vignola, Italy, June 16 - 17, 2008
Flower visitors to the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in northern Fennoscandia
Luonnontuotealan valtakunnallinen tutkimusseminaari : 5.10.2010 Joensuu, Itä-Suomen yliopisto = Proceedings of the national research seminar on nature products, Joensuu, October 5, 2010
Wild berries naturally
Effect of forest fertilization on the nitrogen content of Vaccinium myrtillys L.
Feasting free on wild edibles : a one-volume edition of "Free for the eating" and "More free-for-the-eating wild foods"
Proceedings of the Finnish-Soviet Symposium on [Non-]Timber Forest Resources in Jyväskylä, Finland, 25-29 August 1986
Variations of yield and utilisation of bilberries (Vaccinium myrtillus L.) and cowberries (V. vitis-idaea L.) in Finland
Introduction to the radioecology of forest ecosystems and survey of radioactive contamination in food products from forests
Chemical constituents of the volatile aroma compounds in Rubus arcticus L. subsp. stellatus (Sm.) Boivin, with reference to Rubus arcticus L. subsp. arcticus
