http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7549 molecular biology
molecular biology
Biochemistry, molecular biology and genetics
Synthetic peptides as probes for protein interactions and as antigenic epitopes
The multi-faceted RNA molecule : characterization and function in the regulation of gene expression
Fluorescence assay in biology and medicine. Vol 2
Genetic modification of plants : agriculture, horticulture and forestry
Molecular typing of Campylobacter coli strains isolated from diifferent sources
Selected papers from RECOMB'97. Part 1.
Canonical Wnt signaling in hair and mammary gland patterning and development
Mechanism of RNA translocation by a viral packaging motor
High tech harvest : understanding genetically modified food plants
Regulation and function of RNA editing in the mammalian brain
Now available with the most current and relevant research from Cell Press, Clark's Molecular Biology, Academic Cell Update Edition, gives readers both the concepts and the applications students need to know to fully grasp Molecular Biology. Clark introduces basic concepts and then follows with specific applications in research today. This book is further enhanced by its inclusion in the Academic Cell collaboration, providing it with links to current and recently published research. Molecular Biology draws in the applications from a number of fields including human cellular research, human medicine, agriculture research and veterinary medicine.
The philosophy and history of molecular biology : new perspectives
Selected papers from RECOMB'97. Part 2.
Plant membrane and vacuolar transporters
PCR sequencing protocols
Encyclopedia of molecular biology and molecular medicine. Vol. 1. Achilles' cleavage to cytoskeleton-plasma membrane interactions
Plant microtubules : potential for biotechnology
Molecular biology : made simple and fun
Gene silencing induced by RNA1 16K gene mutants of Tobacco rattle virus on Nicotiana benthamiana
Molecular microbiology laboratory : a writing-intensive course
Structure and function of alpha adrenergic receptor 2A
Comprehensive and molecular phytopathology
Comparison of different DNA extraction methods from hair root follicles to genotype Finnish Landrace boars with the Illumina PorcineSNP60 BeadChip
Molecular plant pathology : vol. 1
Proteins : from analytics to structural genomics
Molecular and functional characterization of the insect hemolymph clot
Essentials of molecular biology
The cell : a molecular approach
Biomacromolecular mass spectrometry research
PCR technology : principles and applications for DNA amplification
Development and evaluation of web applications for investigating candidate genes in rat models of complex diseases
Characterization of Drosophila melanogaster Manf : an evolutionarily conserved neurotrophic factor
Artificial intelligence and molecular biology
PCR technology : current innovations
Fluorescence assay in biology and medicine. Vol. 3, Molecular biology
Regulation of DNA damage responses by the Myc oncogene : implications for future anti-cancer therapies
Molecular biology in reproductive medicine
To move or to convene : regulatory circuits of mat fimbriae in Escherichia coli
Understanding DNA and gene cloning : a guide for the curious
Early effects of the hepatotoxin, dimethylnitrosamine, on the control of protein synthesis initiation in liver
Molecular and biochemical toxicology
Currents in computational molecular biology
Replicative DNA polymerase associated B-subunits
Novel proteins involved in dynamics of the photosynthetic apparatus
Everyday actor-network : stories about locals and globals in molecular biology
Molecular diversity
Chemical genetics discloses the importance of heme and glucose metabolism in Chlamydia trachomatis pathogenesis
The amount and extractability of DNA in different parts of MON810 GM hybrid was studied during different developmental stages. To quantify GM contents, an evaluation was performed of the effect of plant development stage on DNA density. To this end, the evolution of weights, absolute DNA yields, DNA densities and ratios of endosperm and embryo relative to total maize kernel were studied. Sampling at four stages during the growth shows an influence on relative GM quantification based on haploid genome equivalents, due to the specific maize seed composition and differences in DNA extractability from different seed tissues. During plant growth, plant parts with potential GM genes (embryo in kernel and cob on total plant) increase in importance on weight and DNA concentration level, while the endosperm drops in relative importance. Expected % GM maize values are calculated for a whole field harvest of grain maize.
Quaternary structure and interaction approaches to allosteric regulation of class I ribonucleotide reductases
Principles of molecular medicine
Signaling and transcriptional regulation of antimicrobial peptide genes in Drosophila melanogaster
Learning and memory : a comprehensive reference
Regulation and function of Pax-6 during head and eye development in Drosophila melanogaster
RNA interference : challenges and therapeutic opportunities
Transgenic plants : methods and protocols
BioEvolution : how biotechnology is changing our world
Anatoxin-a and odorous metabolites in cyanobacteria : molecular detection of the producers
Receptor signal transduction protocols
Introductory practical biochemistry
Regulation of site-selective A-to-I RNA editing : during mammalian brain development
Proteomics of the Drosophila hemolymph clot and the function of transglutaminase
The canon : the beautiful basics of science
Molecular and cell biology : based on Schaumsś outline of theory and problems of molecular and cell biology
DNA sequencing strategies : automated and advanced approaches
Influence of plant developmental stage on DNA yield and extractability in MON810 maize
Molecular biology : genes and the chemical control of living cells
Methods in plant molecular biology : a laboratory course manual
Biophysical chemistry. Part 2, Techniques for the study of biological structure and function
Characterization and genetic studies of four ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporters
Endogenous toxins : diet genetics, disease and treatment. Volume 1
Life is the most extraordinary phenomenon in the known universe; but how does it work? It is remarkable that in this age of cloning and even synthetic biology, nobody has ever made anything living entirely out of dead material. Life remains the only way to make life. Are we missing a vital ingredient in its creation? Like Richard Dawkins' The Selfish Gene, which provided a new perspective on evolution by shifting the focus of natural selection from organisms to genes, Life On The Edge alters our understanding of life from cells or biomolecules to the fundamental particles that drive life's dynamics. From this new perspective, life makes more sense as its missing ingredient is revealed to be quantum mechanics and the strange phenomena that lie at the heart of this most mysterious of sciences. R
From cell populations to single cells : quantitative analysis of osmotic regulation in yeast
Retrotransposon BARE1 translation, localization, and VLP formation in barley
The implicit genome
Leaf-targeted ferredoxin-NAPD+ -oxidoreductase (FNR) : electron transfer properties and thylakoid association in Arabidopsis thaliana
Novel cosmetic delivery systems
Biotechnology annual review. Vol. 11
The gene civilization
Biochemistry and molecular biology education
The machinery of life
Molecular methods in ecology
Nanostructure design : methods and protocols
Visions of the future : chemistry and life science
Intracellular signal transduction : the JAK-STAT pathway
Biotechnology annual review. Vol. 12
Eukaryotic ribosome biogenesis : focus on the function of the assembly factor Mrd1p
Modeling and structural comparison of the ligand-binding domains of the estrogen receptor-related receptors
Leaf-targeted ferredoxin-NADP[+] oxidoreductase (FNR) : electron transfer properties and thylakoid assocoation in Arapidopsis thaliana
Symplastically transmitted signals regulate pattern formation during root development in Arabidopsis thaliana
The vital question : why is life the way it is?
One plus one equals one : symbiosis and the evolution of complex life
Selected papers from RECOMB 2000 : special issue
Applied molecular biology : beginning laboratory manual
The chemistry of life
The path to destruction : understanding the mechanism and regulation of proteasomal degradation
Characterization of viral nanoparticles and virus-like structures by using fluorescence correlation spectroscopy (FCS)
Molecular biophysics for the life sciences
Biotechnology annual review. Vol. 10
Role and function of nonmuscle alpha-actinin-1 and -4 in regulating distinct subcategories of actin stress fibers in mammalian cells
Selected papers from RECOMB 2001
Thylakoid protein phosphorylation in regulation of photosynthesis
Molecular plant biology. Vol. 2
Selected papers from RECOMB '99 : special double issue
Visualizing the invisible : imaging techniques for the structural biologist
Handbook of biochemistry and molecular biology. Section outline, Cumulative series index for CRC Handbook of biochemistry and molecular biology
Structural studies of flexible biomolecules and a DNA-binding protein
The p97 ATPase and the Drosophila Proteasome : protein unfolding and regulation
Foodborne pathogens : microbiology and molecular biology
Molecular dissection of divergent members of the Op18/stathmin family of microtubule regulators
Regulation of neural progenitor cell proliferation and fate by proteolytic pathways and inflammatory signals in the brain
Beginner's guide to molecular biology
The role of elongator complex in Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Caenorhabditis elegans
Molecular diagnostics : promises and possibilities
Molecular biology and properties of manganese peroxidases from Phlebia radiata
Biotechnology annual review. Vol. 8
Investigation of the Tie-Angiopoietin system : receptor trafficking/translocation, heteromerization, and interaction with the extracellular matrix
Endogenous toxins : diet genetics, disease and treatment. Volume 2
Handbook of biochemistry : selected data for molecular biology
Transcription associated recombination in mammalian cells
Cell and molecular biology
Introduction to genetics : a molecular approach / Terry Brown
Photodamage to oxygen evolving complex : an initial event in photoinhibition of photosystem II
The molecular biology web book
Molecular biology : understanding the genetic revolution
Molecular characterisation of genetic resources in cattle and sheep for preserving breeding options
Molecular diagnostics ; a training and study guide
Current issues in molecular biology
Genetics today is inexorably focused on DNA. The theme of Introduction to Genetics: A Molecular Approach is therefore the progression from molecules (DNA and genes) to processes (gene expression and DNA replication) to systems (cells, organisms and populations). This progression reflects both the basic logic of life and the way in which modern biological research is structured. The molecular approach is particularly suitable for the large number of students for whom genetics is a part of a broader program in biology, biochemistry, the biomedical sciences, and biotechnology. Introduction to Genetics presents the basic facts and concepts with enough depth of knowledge to stimulate students to move on to more advanced aspects of the subject. The book is divided into three parts. Part 1 examines the function of the gene as a unit of biological information. Part 2 studies the role of the gene as a unit of inheritance. And Part 3 explores some of the areas of research that are responsible for the high profile that genetics has in our modern world, from agriculture and industry to medicine and forensics, and the ethical challenges that genetic knowledge imparts. Introduction to Genetics is available for purchase as an e-book in its entirety or as individual chapters, and as a 1-year or 6-month rental.
Optical tweezers for single molecule biology
Molecular biology of membranes : structure and function
Solutions manual to accompany molecular cell biology
Structure, prediction, evolution and genome wide studies of membrane proteins
Recent developments in sequencing methods have enabled whole genome sequencing of several species and the available sequence information has allowed the development of high throughput genotyping chips. However, these genotyping methods require high quality DNA. The possibility to genotype samples based on DNA from non-invasive sources would permit retrospective genotyping of previously collected samples and also facilitate the analysis of large populations e.g. for genomic selection. In this study we have developed and evaluated different DNA preparation methods from porcine hair root follicles for high throughput genotyping with the PorcineSNP60 Genotyping BeadChip (Illumina). We describe a method for DNA extraction from porcine hair root samples, which produces results from high throughput genotyping with the same high degree of accuracy as previously reported for DNA extracted from sperm, blood or tissue samples. This method was used for the genotyping of 273 hair follicle samples. When the DNA concentration was > 30 ng/µl all samples had the same high call rate ( > 99%) as sperm samples confirming the robustness of this DNA extraction method for high throughput genotyping. Our data also establishes the suitability of the PorcineSNP60 BeadChip for genotyping the Finnish Landrace population.
Toll-like receptor 9 in breaston cancer
Oncogenes as regulators of tumor necrosis factor induced cell death
Genetic and molecular dissection of hemolymph coagulation and melanization in Drosophila melanogaster
Molecular, clinical and environmental toxicology. Volume 1, Molecular toxicology
The neutral theory of molecular evolution
Determinants of peptidyl-tRNA drop-off from E. coli ribosomes : effects of antibiotics, mutations and translation factors
Protein targeting protocols
Annual review of ecology, evolution, and systematics. Volume 46, 2015
Toll-like receptor 9 in breast cancer
Developmental genetics of the Caenorhabditis elegans pharynx
Plant molecular biology reporter
Cell and molecular biology : concepts and experiments
Mutagenesis of the D-E loop in the photosystem II reaction centre protein D1 : consequences for the assembly, function and turnover of photosystem II in Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803
The biochemical genetics of man
Molecular biomethods handbook
Structural elements involved in protein-mediated proton transfer : implications from studies of cytochrome c oxidase
Molecular biology of the gene
Functional study of hemolymph coagulation in Drosophila larvae
Molecular Genetics : reverse genetics, molecular cloning, biology, gene, molecule, genetics, molecular biology, population genetics, biological classification, molecular phylogenetics, gene mapping, genomic imprinting
Biotechnology annual review. Vol. 9
Search for molecular mechanisms related to Zn accumulation and tolerance in Thlaspi caerulescens
Principles of molecular virology
Transformations of Lamarckism : from subtle fluids to molecular biology
PCR cloning protocols : from molecular cloning to genetic engineering
Campylobacteriosis, the most common bacterial food-borne disease worldwide, is mainly caused by Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli. Most studies have focused on the genetic diversity of C. jejuni, but little is known about C. coli. The aim of this work was to characterize C. coli from different sources, by evaluating the distribution and/or diversity of certain genetic markers. A total of 145 C. coli isolates from different sources (2 goose,18 poultry, 35 human and 90 swine) were screened for fucP, ggt, cytC, sialyltransferases genes and CRISPRs. Additionally, the diversity of the LOS loci and of the CRISPRs, were assessed. A frequency of 90.34% was observed for fucP and CRISPRs among C. coli. Conversely, the frequency of GGT phenotype, and cytC, and cst-I genotype was 1.38%, while cst-V genotype was 0.69%. Only one isolate was positive for all markers except fucP; no source association was observed. LOS and CRISPRs exhibited a wide diversity. In conclusion, ggt, fucP, and cytC seem to be lineage related in C. coli, and not host associated. CRISPRs were too discriminatory to be of use in epidemiological investigations. Results suggest a high diversity of the LOS, and there may exist more classes than those previously described.
Studies of the heat shock proteins cpn60 and HSP70 of Fusobacterium nucleatum
Characterization of the ompH (hlpA) and ssc (firA) genes participaiting in enterobacterial outer membrane biogenesis
Cloning and characterization of human and mouse ribosomal protein S6-encoding genes
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of molecular and cell biology
Genome analysis : current procedures and applications
Plant proteostasis : methods and protocols
RNA silencing and its inhibition in transgenic tobacco plants
DNA isolation and sequencing
Cellular resilience and fragility in response to environmental and gene expression perturbations
Cyanobacterial acclimation to changing environmental conditions : roles for group 2 sigma factors in Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803
Annual review of ecology, evolution, and systematics. Volume 45, 2014
Life on the edge : the coming of age of quantum biology
Studies on the substrate-induced conformational transition in human phenylalanine hydroxylase : with special reference to surface plasmon resonance spectroscopy as an experimental method
Coordination of nuclear gene expression by chloroplast-derived signals in Arabidopsis thaliana
Ribosomal large subunit assembly in vivo
A student's companion in molecular biology
Annual review of ecology, evolution, and systematics. Volume 47, 2016
Avoid boring people : lessons from a life in science
Student companion for molecular cell biology
Recombinant DNA and biotechnology : a guide for teachers
Molecular mechanisms of photosynthesis
Introduction to peptides and proteins
Protocols for oligonucleotide conjugates : synthesis and analytical techniques
Summary in Swedish.
