http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7545 religious organisations
religious organisations
Encyclopedia of monasticism
The islamic state of Iraq and Syria : the history of Isis/Isil
K. T. Paul : christian leader
Women in the medieval monastic world
Board management development in the life cycle of religious non-governmental organizations : the case od Fida International
Christians in Egypt : Orthodox, Catholic, and Protestant communities, past and present
Organizational change : the political economy of the YMCA
Development, civil society and faith-based organisations : bridging the sacred and the secular
A pilgrimage into the world of Islam
Growing up bin Laden : Osama's wife and son take us into their secret world
ISIS : the state of terror
Clubs and societies in Helsinki
Hospitaller women in the Middle Ages
Encyclopedia of monasticism. 1, A-L
The psychology of religion : an empirical approach
God's army : the story of the Salvation Army
From Ignatius Loyola to John of the Cross : spirituality and literature in sixteenth-century Spain
The Y.M.C.A. in Canada : the chronicle of a century
Blood Song
The changing forms of religious organisations
Alternate civilities : democracy and culture in China and Taiwan
The YMCA in India : 100 years of service with youth
The miracle strain : a genetic thriller
Religious violence in contemporary Japan : the case of Aum Shinrikyō
Report and resolutions of the meeting of the executive of the World's Committee of Young Men's Christian Associations : Geneva, Switzerland : July 15th to 18th, 1939
Innocent Blood
Female monasticism in early modern Europe : an interdisciplinary view
The Latin text of the Ancrene Riwle
Mission, church and state relations in South West Africa under German rule (1884-1915)
Muslims on the map : a national survey of social trends in Britain
The daughters of charity and moral management in seventeenth-century France : creating conservative catholics, securing survival
Religion : a humanist interpretation
The YMCAs of the world 1969 : handbook
Worldly saints : social interaction of Dominican penitent women in Italy 1200-1500
The role and status of international humanitarian volunteers and organizations : the right and duty to humanitarian assistance
Heterodox healing and alternative religion in the 20th century : an English spiritual healing practice in Finland
Ecumenical growth in Finland : the history of the Finnish Ecumenical Council 1917-1999
Vaelin Al Sorna's life changes forever the day his father abandons him at the gates of the Sixth Order, a secretive military arm of the Faith. Together with his fellow initiates, Vaelin undertakes a brutal training regime - where the price of failure is often death. Under the tutelage of the Order's masters, he learns quickly and quietly. Now his new skills will be put to the test. War is coming.
Institutional patronage in post-Tridentine Rome : music at Santissima Trinità dei Pellegrini, 1550-1650
Orangemen and Freemasons : Masonic influences on the organization, ideology, symbols and rituals of the early Orange order in Ireland, 1795-1836
150 years on the winning side : the first George Williams lecture
The Taliban : war, religion and the new order in Afghanistan
The YMCAs of the world 1977
The back parts of war : the YMCA memoirs and letters of Barclay Baron, 1915 to 1919
The college "Y" : student religion in the era of secularization
Nuns : a history of convent life, 1450-1700
Terror in the name of God : why religious militants kill
Ecumenism of the laity : continuity and change in the mission view of the World's Alliance of Young Men's Christian Associations, 1855-1955
The faithful tribe : an intimate portrait of the loyal institutions
Salafi-Jihadism : the history of an idea
History of the North American Young Men's Christian associations
The YMCAs of the world 1958 : handbook compiled in 1958.
John R. Mott : architect of co-operation and unity
Girls of yesterday and to-day : the romance of the Y.W.C.A
The French text of the Ancrene Riwle
Pentecostalism and development : churches, NGOs and social change in Africa
When sacred and secular mix : religious nonprofit organizations and public money
Social reformers in urban China : the Chinese Y.M.C.A., 1895-1926
The church : a eucharistic community : the report of the twelfth General Assembly of Syndesmos August 17-24, 1986
Handbook of research on development and religion
A study of orthodoxy and the YMCA
Three YMCA pioneers : K. T. Paul, H. C. Buck, S. K. Datta
This has been tomorrow : the World Alliance of YMCAs since 1955
Santi Asoke Buddhism and Thai state response
"Out of the failures of Iraq and Afghanistan, the Arab Spring and Syria, a new threat emerges. While Al Qaeda is weakened, new jihadi movements, especially ISIS, are starting to emerge. In military operations in June 2014 they were far more successful than Al Qaeda ever were, taking territory that reaches across borders and includes the city of Mosul. The reports of their military coordination and brutality are chilling. While they call for the formation of a new caliphate once again the West becomes a target. How could things have gone so badly wrong? In THE RISE OF ISLAMIC STATE, Cockburn analyzes the reasons for the unfolding of US and the West's greatest foreign policy debacle and the impact that it has on the war-torn and volatile Middle East"--
Opus dei : the truth about its rituals, secrets and power
Report of a study of YMCA world service policies and practices : as submitted to the International Committee of YMCAs of the United States and Canada
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. Rakentaminen, energia
Social work and faith-based organizations
Faith-based organizations and service delivery : some gender conundrums
Women and religion in medieval and Renaissance Italy
Report on a survey of the International Committee of Young Men's Christian Associations of North America
East-West Christian organizations : a directory of Western Christian organizations working in East Central Europe and the newly independent states formely part of the Soviet Union
Charity, philanthropy and reform : from the 1690s to 1850
International organizations and minority protection in Europe
With 80% of the world's population profesing religious faith, religious belief is a common human characteristic. The sacred texts of each of the world's major religions exhort believers to live a righteous life, including responding to poverty and assisting those with less. This handbook highlights the value of incorporating religion into development studies literature and research.
National YMCA history project
Paul Nicolay of Monrepos and his legacy 150th anniversary : a symposium in Vyborg, June 5th, 2010 : symposium report
The rise of Islamic state : ISIS and the new Sunni revolution
Blood song
The dream in Islam : from Qur'anic tradition to Jihadist inspiration
A new religious America : how a "Christian country" has now become the world's most religiously diverse nation
The Prātimokṣa-sūtra of the Mahāsāṅghikās
World service : a history of the foreign work and world service of the Young Men's Christian Associations of the United States and Canada
History of the World's Alliance of Young Men's Christian Associations
Rivals or allies? : gender interaction in the Finnish Student Christian Federation 1897-1914
Women and girls in the membership and program of the Young Men's Christian Association
Red-hot and righteous : the urban religion of the Salvation Army
God's army
