http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7542 collectives
collectives
Social theory for alternative societies
Decollectivisation, destruction and disillusionment : a community study in Southern Estonia
The Helsinki School : from the past to the future : vol. 5 / [edited by Timothy Persons and Asia Zak Persons for Aalto University of Arts, Design and Architecture]
Everything is wonderful : memories of a collective farm in Estonia
The power of everyday politics : how Vietnamese peasants transformed national policy
Master of none : designer of all trades
After socialism : land reform and social change in Eastern Europe
With love from Haha : essays and notes on a collective art practice
Agricultural production cooperatives in independent Lithuania 1920-1940 : summary
[Review]
Living with the dead
Soviet farming failure hits Estonia
Towards the well functioning community : the development of Anton Makarenko and Maxwell Jones' communities
A critical commentary on Simondon's Psychic and collective individuation. This book clarifies Simondon's complex terminology and structure through chapter by chapter commentary. It also invites a dialogue with other thinkers/philosophers and places the work in its historical context. It includes a discussion about Simondon's relevance to current ideas about biopolitics and post-Nietzschean ethics.
Marx went away - but Karl stayed behind
The kibbutz movement : a history. Vol. 1, Origins and growth, 1909-1939
Foundations of a planned economy 1926-1929. Volume 1
Utopias on Puget Sound : 1885-1915
Some principles for collective farm restructuring
The red and the green : the rise and fall of collectivized agriculture in Marxist regimes
The Kibbutz : a bibliography of scientific and professional publications in English
Collectivity in folklore
The communal idea in the 21st century
Wild abandon
Foundations of a planned economy 1926-1929. Volume 2
Social networks and everyday practices in Russia
A history of Soviet Russia. [9], Foundations of a planned economy 1926-1929, vol. 1, pt. 1
Gilbert Simondon's 'Psychic and Collective Individuation' : a critical introduction and guide
Karl Marx colletive : economy, society and religion in a Siberian collective farm
Red bread : collectivization in a Russian village
The search for community : from utopia to a co-operative society
Making a performance : devising histories and contemporary practices
The kibbutz movement : a history. Vol. 2, Crisis and achievement 1939-1995
Trust and collectives
Kibbutz Makom : report from an Israeli Kibbutz
Popular snapshots and tracks to the past : Cape Town, Nairobi, Lubumbashi
Collective responsibility : against collectivism
Taking part in music : case studies in ethnomusicology
Literacy Skills as Local Intangible Capital : The History of a Rural Lending Library c. 1860–1920
Co-ops, communes & collectives : experiments in social change in the 1960s and 1970s
Unmaking Goliath : community control in the face of global capital
In 1993, Sigrid Rausing, a young student working on a PhD in Anthropology, went to spend a year living in Estonia, a remote Baltic State that had just gained independence from the recently collapsed Soviet Union. Armed with a notebook, rudimentary Estonian, and a clunky laptop, she arrived in the peninsula of Noarootsi, on Estonia's north-western tip, and made her way to the village of Purksi, the place that would be her home for the next twelve months.
State and peasant in contemporary China : the political economy of village government
Handbook of the moshav : an introduction to Israel's cooperative farm village
American communities and co-operative colonies
The Soviet collective farm today
West of Eden : communes and utopia in northern California
"This book traces a unique story of social theory: one which focuses on its role in offering ideas for alternative societies. In charting this story, Matt Dawson argues that the differences in alternatives offered by social theorists not only demonstrate the diversity in, and value of, sociological perspectives, but also emphasize competing ideas of the role of intellectuals in social change. The text discusses a collection of social theorists -from key figures such as Marx, Durkheim and Du Bois to less well known or now commonly overlooked writers such as Levitas, Lefebvre and Mannheim. It explains their use of the tools of sociology to critique society and provide visions for alternatives, highlighting elements of the intellectual backgrounds of movements such as socialism, anti-racism, feminism and cosmopolitanism. Social Theory for Alternative Societies not only explores in detail a variety of thinkers, but also reflects on the relevance of sociology today and on the connection between social theory and the 'real world.' Thus it will be of interest to students of sociology and those interested in ideas for a better society"--
Trying
The harvest of sorrow : Soviet collectivization and the terror-famine
