http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7551 green fodder
green fodder
Mechanics of cutting plant material
Grass : its production and utilization
Abstract.
Beef production from silage and other conserved forages
Growth and utilization of timothy-meadow fescue pastures
Stem anatomy of annual legume intercropping components: white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), narbonne (Vicia narbonensis L.) and common (Vicia sativa L.) vetches
Forage evaluation in ruminant nutrition
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2006-2013 = Results of official variety trials 2006-2013
Grass silages as feedstuff for horses
Grassland signals : a practical guide for getting the most out of grassland
Forage legumes for temperate grasslands
Proceedings of the Animal Nutrition Conference : May 28-29, 1998 in Tartu
Fodder crops and amenity grasses
Regulation of flowering and canopy structure in timothy (Phleum pratense L.)
Field and laboratory methods for grassland and animal production research
The voluntary intake in growing pigs of four ensiled forage species
Utilisation of grazed grass in temperate animal systems : proceedings of a satellite workshop of the XXth International Grassland Congress, July 2005, Cork, Ireland
The forages and protein crops directory
Soluble carbohydrates in the utilization of forages by cattle
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Recent white clover research and development in Europe : FAO European Cooperative Research Network on Pastures and Fodder Crop Production, Subnet on Lowland Grasslands, Meeting ... Saku-Jõgeva-Tartu, Estonia, 28-31 August, 1995 : seminar notes
Plant resources of South-East Asia. No 4, Forages
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Better use of local forages for dairy cattle in Vietnam : improving grasses, rice straw and protein rich forages
Crop protection handbook - Grass and clover swards
Livestock feed resources and feed evaluation in Europe : present situation and future prospects
An examination of factors affecting the fat : protein ratio of milk produced by cows offered grass silage-based diets
Manipulation of milk composition with forage-based diets
Estimated metabolizable energy yields of perennial and annual grass swards compared with those of spring barley and oat
Forages. Vol. 1, An introduction to grassland agriculture
Conventional and ecological grassland management : comparative research and development : proceedings of the international symposium, Tartu, July 4-6, 2000
Feeding value of grass ensiled with absorbents assessed in growing lambs
Managing grass for horses : the responsible owner's guide
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2004-2011 = Results of official variety trials 2004-2011
Grazing management for Nordic organic dairy farming
Silage fermentation in relation to the feeding value with special reference to enzyme-treated grass silage
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Feeding value of low quality grass silage supplemented with maize silage for sheep
World animal science. B 4, Feed science
Forage crops
The chemical composition, in vitro rumen fermentation variables and methane (CH₄) output of a range of common forb species sampled in spring and summer, and grass silage (14 treatments in total), were determined in this study. Dried, milled herbage samples were incubated in an in vitro rumen batch culture with rumen microbial inoculum (rumen fluid) and buffered mineral solution (artificial saliva) at 39 °C for 24 hours. All herbage chemical composition and in vitro rumen fermentation variables were affected (p<0.001) by treatment. Rumex obtusifolius (in spring and summer), Urtica dioica (summer) and Senecio jacobaea (summer) had lower (p<0.05) CH₄ outputs relative to feed dry matter incubated compared with grass silage, reflecting their lower extent of in vitro rumen fermentation.
Improved grassland management
Lockhart & Wiseman's crop husbandry including grassland
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2005-2012 = Results of official variety trials 2005-2012
Fungal species and multiple mycotoxin contamination of cultivated forage crops
"Implementing grassland management practices that increase carbon uptake by increasing productivity or reducing carbon losses (e.g. through high rates of offtake) can lead to net accumulation of carbon in grassland soils - sequestering atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2). Globally, the potential to sequester carbon by improving grassland practices or rehabilitating degraded grasslands is substantial - of the same order as that of agricultural and forestry sequestration. Because practices that sequester carbon in grasslands often enhance productivity, policies designed to encourage carbon sequestering grassland management practices could lead to near-term dividends in greater forage production and enhanced producer income. Practices that sequester carbon in grasslands also tend to enhance resilience in the face of climate variability, and are thus likely to enhance longer-term adaptation to changing climates. Developing policies to encourage the adoption of practices that sequester carbon has several significant challenges, such as demonstrating additionality, addressing the potential for losses of sequestered carbon, and engaging smallholders and pastoralists with uncertain land tenure. In addition, the paucity of data in developing countries hampers the measurement, monitoring and verifying of carbon sequestration in response to those practices. This report reviews the current status of opportunities and challenges for grassland carbon sequestration. Based on these observations, the report then identifies components that could foster the inclusion of grasslands in a post-2012 climate agreement, and the development of policies to improve grassland management."--Executive summary.
Waste composts as nitrogen fertilizers for forage leys
Nutrient elements in grassland : soil-plant-animal relationships
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2008-2015 = Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015
Yellow-flowered lucerne : properties and influence on performance and reproduction of ewes
Influence of the timing of the harvest of primary grass growth on herbage quality and subsequent digestion and performance in the ruminant animal
The quality of grass samples used for animal feed by combining mycotoxin measures and mycological determination of mycobiota were explored. The samples of the plant material were collected in 2014 in two stages: before the first mowing (May-June) and before the second one (July-August) from the fields of stock-farms located in northwestern part of the Russia. All samples were divided into three types: grasses, mixture of different grasses and clover, alfalfa mixed with timothy. The occurrence of aflatoxin B1, alternariol, citrinin, cyclopiazonic acid, deoxynivalenol, diacetoxyscirpenol, emodin, ergot alkaloids, fumonisins, mycophenolic acid, ochratoxin A, PR-toxin, roridin A, sterigmatocystin, T-2 toxin, and zearalenone were determined using ELISA. The multiple fungal and mycotoxin contaminations are already formed in plant tissues by the moment of first mowing. The complexes of mycotoxins including up to 14-16 components and the combined character of plant contamination quite correspond to the taxonomic variety of mycobiota.
Challenges and opportunities for carbon sequestration in grassland systems : a technical report on grassland management and climate mitigation
Grass-fed cattle : how to produce and market natural beef
Development of tools for the nutritional management of dairy cows on silage-based diets
In vitro rumen methane output of forb species sampled in spring and summer
Forages and grazing in horse nutrition
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
All flesh is grass : the pleasures and promises of pasture farming
Agronomic challenges for organic crop husbandry
Herbage intake of dairy cows
Critical factors in cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) panicle production in Finland and the implications for seed production
Seed production characters and germination performance of reed canary grass in Finland
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Assessment of the flow of soluble dietary non-ammonia nitrogen escaping degradation in the rumen of dairy cows fed grass silage based diets
Forage can potentially be food resource for pig feeding in the tropics. The palatability of silages by pigs may be better than that of fresh forage. Foliage silage contains more dry matter than green forage and has a pleasant smell. Thirty commercial pigs (47.0 ± 4.7 kg live weight LW), were used to assess the silage intake capacity of pigs when feeding the legumes Clitoria ternatea, Centrosema brasilianum, Cratylia argentea and the Brachiaria grass hybrid Mulato II. The silages were offered ad libitum as a supplement to a normal balanced diet based on maize and soy bean meal. A crossover design was applied comprising five treatments, Control and the four silage supplements respectively. Daily consumption of dry matter -expressed in g of DMkg-1 metabolic LW- were similar (p>0.05) for diets containing C. argentea, C. ternatea and the Control. Daily consumption of C. brasilianum and Brachiaria was significantly lower (p<0.001). In conclusion, C. argentea and C. ternatea silages have the potential to serve as feed supplement in pig diets.
Microbial protein synthesis, digestion and lactation responses of cows to grass or grass-red clover silage diet supplemented with barley or oats
The influence of harvest date, nitrogen application and weather on development and nutritional value of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) and its implication for prediction of forage quality
Breed differences in forage intake as related to production increases in Swedish Red, Swedish Friesian, and Swedish Jersey cattle at Kungsängen experimental station (Hfä)
Milk production and physiological responses to concentrate supplementation of dairy cows grazing timothy-meadow fescue swards
Forages. Vol. 2, The science of grassland agriculture
Fodders for the Near East: alfalfa
Prediction of silage composition and organic matter digestibility from herbage composition and pepsin-cellulase solubility
Technical change in Finnish grass silage production
Effects of feeding level and forage/concentrate ratio on milk production and performance of crossbred lactating cows
Variability of herbage production in mixed leys as related to ley age and environmental factors : a farm survey
Grassland ecology
The effect of intercropping on stem anatomy of both supporting (Lupinus albus) and supported (Vicia narbonnensis and V. sativa) annual forage legumes was investigated using stereological method. Intercropped plants showed minimal differences in volume densities (Vv) of stem tissues and forage chemical composition compared to sole crops. The proportions of lignin and NDF (Neutral Detergent Fiber) positively correlated with xylem Vv. The proportions of ADF (Acid Detergent Fiber), cellulose and ash in intercropped plants were increased or decreased mostly by less than 10% compared to those in pure stands. The Anatomical Equivalent Ratio (AER) defined as the ratio based on anatomical quality-determining parameters, can assist in the evaluation of the benefits of specific intercropping systems. Intercropping of the legume species studied in this work, especially L. albus with V. sativa, showed encouraging results from anatomical perspective since it would not cause a decline of forage quality.
The incidence of plant oestrogens in Finnish pasture and fodder plants with special reference to their possible effects in cases of sterility in ruminanats
Concentrate feeding strategies for growing and finishing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diets
Silage in western Europe : a survey of 17 countries
Silage science and technology
Red clover isoflavonoids in feed, plasma and milk of ruminants
World silage : a survey of forage conservation around the world
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
Lowland grasslands of Europe: utilization and development
