http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7552 fodder plants
fodder plants
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of locally produced unprocessed or expander-processed coloured flowered faba bean (FB) (cv. "Kontu") seeds in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables were determined with 560 hens (Lohmann Selected Leghorn, LSL Classic) in a 40-week continued experiment. The hens were fed one of the five diets containing soybean meal as the main protein source. A diet without FB was served as a control diet. Both unprocessed and expander-processed FB was tested either in proportions of 50 g kg-1 or 100 g kg-1 in the diet. Faba bean inclusion (control vs. FB diets) had no effect on the egg production rate, egg mass production, feed consumption, or feed conversion ratio, but it decreased egg weight (p<0.05). Dietary FB inclusion tended to increase the mortality of the hens (p<0.10). Faba bean processing had no effects on egg production parameters or hen mortality. Daily egg mass production decreased and feed conversion ratio increased when FB proportion increased (from 50 to 100 g kg-1, p<0.05). Faba bean inclusion had no effects on egg exterior quality. It can be concluded that 50 g kg-1 of the FB studied (cv. "Kontu") can be used in the diets of laying hens (LSL Classic) without negative effects on production performance or livability.
Phytochemical screening of secondary metabolites of goat's rue (Galega orientalis Lam.)
Fodders for the Near East: alfalfa
Milk production from silage : comparison of grass, legume and maize silages and their mixtures
Stem anatomy of annual legume intercropping components: white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), narbonne (Vicia narbonensis L.) and common (Vicia sativa L.) vetches
Critical factors in cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) panicle production in Finland and the implications for seed production
Crop protection handbook - Grass and clover swards
Rapeseed today and tomorrow : proceedings of the ninth international rapeseed congress, 4 to 7 July 1995, Cambridge, United Kingdom
Nutrient elements in grassland : soil-plant-animal relationships
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) with enzyme addition in diets for broilers
The role of trees in sustainable agriculture : review papers presented at the Australian conference, Albury, Victoria, Australia, October 1991
In vitro N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded canola, linseed and soybean
Use of algae and aquatic macrophytes as feed in small-scale aquaculture : a review
Ecological studies of symbiotic nitrogen fixation in temperate forage legumes
Estimated metabolizable energy yields of perennial and annual grass swards compared with those of spring barley and oat
Ethnobotanical study in the village of Judibela, in the Terai Plain, Southern Nepal
Study of the phytoestrogen content of goat's rue (Galega orientalis), alfalfa (Medicago sativa) and white clover (Trifolium repens)
Seed production characters and germination performance of reed canary grass in Finland
Belowground pathways for nitrogen transfer from a tropical legume tree to an associated fodder grass
Forages. Vol. 2, The science of grassland agriculture
The biochemistry of silage
World silage : a survey of forage conservation around the world
International oat conference, Lund, Sweden, July 4-8 1988 : proceedings
Fodders for the Near East : annual medic pastures
Use of faba beans (Vicia faba L.) in diets of laying hens
Forage legumes : clovers, birdsfoot trefoil, cicer milkvetch, crownvetch and alfalfa
In a Green Biorefinery processing green biomass one possible application for the press-cake fraction is as a feedstuff for ruminants. This study investigates the effects of ensiling and fractionation on the estimated nutritive value of three grassland species harvested at different stages of maturity. Perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L., var. Gandalf), cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L., var. Pizza) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L., var. Merviot) were grown in field plots and harvested and ensiled in laboratory silos. These silages were subsequently fractionated into press-cake and press-juice fractions. Loss of soluble, fermentable organic matter during ensiling increased the relative proportions of fibre and crude protein. Fractionation resulted in the substantial reduction of herbage soluble nutrient and mineral content, increasing the fibre content and reducing digestibility and crude protein. The low energy and protein content of the press-cake fraction, especially at later harvest dates, will limit its use in ruminant diets.
In vitro rumen methane output of forb species sampled in spring and summer
Phytoestrogen content of birdsfoot trefoil and red clover : effects of growth stage and ensiling method
Yellow-flowered lucerne : properties and influence on performance and reproduction of ewes
A production model for wheat and feedgrains in France (1946-1961)
This technical paper presents a global review on the use of aquatic macrophytes as feed for farmed fish, with particular reference to their current and potential use by small-scale farmers. The review is organized under four major divisions of aquatic macrophytes: algae, floating macrophytes, submerged macrophytes and emergent macrophytes. Under floating macrophytes, Azolla, duckweeds and water hyacinths are discussed separately; the remaining floating macrophytes are grouped together and are reviewed as 'other floating macrophytes'. The review covers aspects concerned with the production and/or cultivation techniques and use of the macrophytes in their fresh and/or processed state as feed for farmed fish. Efficiency of feeding is evaluated by presenting data on growth, food conversion and digestibility of target fish species. Results of laboratory and field trials and on-farm utilization of macrophytes by farmed fish species are presented. The paper provides information on the different processing methods employed (including composting and fermentation) and results obtained to date with different species throughout the world with particular reference to Asia. Finally, it gives information on the proximate and chemical composition of most commonly occurring macrophytes, their classification and their geographical distribution and environmental requirements
Conventional and ecological grassland management : comparative research and development : proceedings of the international symposium, Tartu, July 4-6, 2000
Fodder oats : a world overview
Forage legumes for temperate grasslands
Proceedings of the VIIth International Congress on Cactus Pear and Cochineal : Agadir, Morocco, October 17-22, 2010
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
Fodder crops and amenity grasses
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
The incidence of plant oestrogens in Finnish pasture and fodder plants with special reference to their possible effects in cases of sterility in ruminanats
The aim was to study the effects of dietary pea inclusion and the addition of Avizyme 1200 -enzyme cocktail on broiler performance, intestinal viscosity and organoleptic quality of meat. The experimental design was a 4 × 2 factorial, the factors being dietary pea inclusion (0, 150, 300 and 450 g kg-1) in the diets fed from day 9 to day 38 and the addition of Avizyme 1200 enzyme cocktail including amylase, protease and xylanase during the entire experiment. The growth of birds improved (p ≤ 0.018) with pea inclusion in a cubic manner. Feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the birds fed on unsupplemented diets improved along pea inclusion, while pea inclusion impaired the FCR on the birds on enzyme cocktail supplemented diets (p ≤ 0.006). The use of the enzyme cocktail improved the body weight, body weight gain and FCR of the broilers and decreased intestinal viscosity (p < 0.001). The organoleptic quality of meat was similar among treatments (p > 0.05). In conclusion, 450 g kg-1 peas can be used in the broiler grower diets without negative effects on the bird performance. The use of enzyme cocktail improves bird performance.
Nutritional significance of leaf meals, protein concentrates and residues from some tropical leguminous plants
The estimated nutritive value of three common grassland species at three primary growth harvest dates following ensiling and fractionation of press-cake
Natural toxicants in feeds and poisonous plants
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
Cactus (Opuntia spp.) as forage
This paper reviews the production of, and factors affecting the performance of dairy cows, beef cattle and sheep offered silage based diets in Ireland and UK. Digestibility is the most important factor influencing the feed value of grass silage and consequently animal performance. Each 10 g kg-1 increase in digestive organic matter in the dry matter (DOMD) increases milk yield of dairy cows by 0.33 kg d-1, carcass gain of beef cattle by 23.8 g d-1 , carcass gain of finishing lambs by 9.3 g d-1, lamb birth weight by 52.3 g and ewe weight post lambing by 1.3 kg, respectively. Factors influencing feed value of grass silage are discussed including harvest date, wilting, fertilizer management, chop length and use of additives at ensiling. Maize silage increases the performance of cattle and sheep whilst whole crop wheat silage has no beneficial effect. Advances in silage technology, has enabled the ensiling high protein forages, such as red clover, lucerne and kale.
Shrubs and tree fodders for farm animals : proceedings of a workshop in Denpasar, Indonesia, 24-29 July 1989
Guide to plants tolerant of arid and semi-arid conditions : nomenclature and potential uses
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2008-2015 = Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
The high rates of rumen fermentation, physical breakdown and passage rates from the rumen of legume silages lead to higher intakes than for grass silages of comparable digestibility. Although total tract digestibilities for legume silages and maize silages are often lower than for grass silages, milk yields are usually higher. A further benefit of legumes and maize is the reduced rate of decline in digestibility. Legume silages often lead to a reduction in milk fat concentration and increased levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids, 18:2 n-6 and 18:3 n-3. This latter effect is related to reduced rumen biohydrogenation as a consequence of increased rumen passage rates or the effects of polyphenol oxidase. There is quite a wide range of maturities (300 - 350 g kg-1 DM) that leads to maximum dry matter intakes and milk production from maize silage; milk production is reduced with immature or over-mature maize crops. Forage chop length exerts a number of effects, both in the silo and in the rumen, but effects on rumen function, feed intake and milk production have been inconsistent. The high protein content and high N degradability of most legume silages is associated with a low efficiency of converting dietary N into milk N, with a concomitant increase in urine N. Reducing N intake by inclusion of maize silage in mixtures with legume silages leads to a marked reduction in urine N without loss of production potential. It is predicted, on the basis of their chemical composition and rumen kinetics, that legume silages and maize silages would reduce methane production relative to grass silage, though in vivo measurements are lacking. Extensive fermentation in the silo reduces the amount of fermentable substrate, and reduced methane production in comparison with grass silage where fermentation had been restricted by high levels of acid additive.
Specialty grains for food and feed
Recent white clover research and development in Europe : FAO European Cooperative Research Network on Pastures and Fodder Crop Production, Subnet on Lowland Grasslands, Meeting ... Saku-Jõgeva-Tartu, Estonia, 28-31 August, 1995 : seminar notes
Perennial sesbania production and use : a manual of practical information for extension agents and development workers
The N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded oilseeds were studied using an in vitro enzyme method. The N degradability and N digestibility of canola, linseed and soybean were calculated based on the proportional difference in N remaining after incubation and the initial N content. Heat treatments increased the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean, whereas that of canola was decreased by extrusion. Heat treatments did not decrease the N digestibility of the oilseeds compared to raw samples. The high N digestibility and lower acid detergent insoluble N values of heat treated oilseeds indicated no indigestible complexes were formed. In conclusion, roasting or extrusion can be used to increase the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean to increase the dietary protein availability for digestion in ruminants, but was less effective for canola. The present heat treatments did not damage the protein or affect the N digestibility of the oilseeds.
Plant resources of South-East Asia. No 4, Forages
Evaluation of water melons as a source of water, and water melon seeds and acacia pods as a protein supplement for dairy cows in central Tanzania
Locally used plants in Bulamogi County, Uganda: diversity and modes of utilisation : medicinal, edible, fodder and firewood species
The quality of grass samples used for animal feed by combining mycotoxin measures and mycological determination of mycobiota were explored. The samples of the plant material were collected in 2014 in two stages: before the first mowing (May-June) and before the second one (July-August) from the fields of stock-farms located in northwestern part of the Russia. All samples were divided into three types: grasses, mixture of different grasses and clover, alfalfa mixed with timothy. The occurrence of aflatoxin B1, alternariol, citrinin, cyclopiazonic acid, deoxynivalenol, diacetoxyscirpenol, emodin, ergot alkaloids, fumonisins, mycophenolic acid, ochratoxin A, PR-toxin, roridin A, sterigmatocystin, T-2 toxin, and zearalenone were determined using ELISA. The multiple fungal and mycotoxin contaminations are already formed in plant tissues by the moment of first mowing. The complexes of mycotoxins including up to 14-16 components and the combined character of plant contamination quite correspond to the taxonomic variety of mycobiota.
The nutritional value of indigenous wild plants : an annotated bibliography
Calystegine alkaloids in Solanaceous food plants
Forage legumes for sustainable agriculture and livestock production in subhumid West Africa
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2004-2011 = Results of official variety trials 2004-2011
Forage crops
The effect of intercropping on stem anatomy of both supporting (Lupinus albus) and supported (Vicia narbonnensis and V. sativa) annual forage legumes was investigated using stereological method. Intercropped plants showed minimal differences in volume densities (Vv) of stem tissues and forage chemical composition compared to sole crops. The proportions of lignin and NDF (Neutral Detergent Fiber) positively correlated with xylem Vv. The proportions of ADF (Acid Detergent Fiber), cellulose and ash in intercropped plants were increased or decreased mostly by less than 10% compared to those in pure stands. The Anatomical Equivalent Ratio (AER) defined as the ratio based on anatomical quality-determining parameters, can assist in the evaluation of the benefits of specific intercropping systems. Intercropping of the legume species studied in this work, especially L. albus with V. sativa, showed encouraging results from anatomical perspective since it would not cause a decline of forage quality.
Indigenous arid and semi-arid forage plants of North Africa, the Near and Middle East : technical data
Influence of the timing of the harvest of primary grass growth on herbage quality and subsequent digestion and performance in the ruminant animal
Replacing grass silage with pea-barley intercrop silage in the feeding of the dairy cow
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
Pesticide residues : submission and evaluation of pesticide residues data for the estimation of maximum residue levels in food and feed
(+)-Sparteine: a new minor alkaloid from Lupinus albus L.
Agroforestry land-use systems : proceedings of a special session on agroforestry land-use systems
Proceedings of the VIth International Congress on Cactus Pear and Cochineal : João, Paraiba, Brazil, October 22-26, 2007
Non-wood forest products : the way ahead
Abstracts of the International Workshop on Grasspea as a Food/Feed Crop : International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA) Aleppo, Syria, 22-25 November 2004
Genetic enhancement of sorghum and millet residues fed to ruminants : an ex ante assessment of returns to research
Trees for rural Australia
Summary.
Fungal species and multiple mycotoxin contamination of cultivated forage crops
Red clover isoflavonoids in feed, plasma and milk of ruminants
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Feeding strategies for dual-purpose cattle in semi-arid areas of Central Tanzania
Advances in cowpea research
Field experiments were carried out at the Agricultural Research Station, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Tabriz, Iran, in 2005-2006 and 2006-2007 growing seasons. Two maize (Zea mays L.) hybrids (704, 301), vetch (Vicia villosa), bitter vetch (Vicia ervilia), berseem clover (Trifolium alexandrinum L.) and common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris) sole crops as well as intercrops of maize hybrids with each of the legumes were used to evaluate the effects of legumes on forage yield and quality. The experiment was carried out as randomized complete block design with three replications. The results showed that intercropping systems had a significant effect on the dry matter yield, crude protein (CP) yield, ash content, neutral detergent fiber (NDF) and acid detergent fiber (ADF) concentration. The CP yield, dry matter yield and ash content of maize forage increased by intercropping as compared with the maize monoculture. Also intercropping of legumes with maize significantly reduced NDF and ADF content, thus increasing digestibility of the forage. The highest and lowest NDF and ADF content were achieved in maize hybrid (704) monoculture, intercropping of maize hybrid (301) with bitter vetch, vetch and bean, respectively. In all intercropping treatments, land equivalent ratios (LER) were well above 1 indicating yield advantages for intercropping. It can be concluded that maize-legumes intercrops could substantially increase forage quantity and quality and decrease requirements for protein supplements as compared with the maize monocultures.
The forages and protein crops directory
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Tropical pastures and fodder crops
Gliricidia production and use
Influence of harvesting strategy on nutrient supply and production of dairy cows consuming diets based on grass and red clover silage
Fodder success story : improved fodder crop production in the northern areas of Pakistan
Lowland grasslands of Europe: utilization and development
Molecular breeding of forage crops : proceedings of the 2nd International Symposium 'Molecular Breeding of Forage Crops', Lorne and Hamilton, Victoria, Australia, November 19-24, 2000
Tagasaste, tree lucerne : high production fodder crop
Roots, tubers, plantains and bananas in animal feeding : proceedings of the FAO expert consultation held in CIAT, Cali,Colombia, 21-25 January 1991
Forage yield and quality in intercropping of maize with different legumes as double-cropped
The chemical composition, in vitro rumen fermentation variables and methane (CH₄) output of a range of common forb species sampled in spring and summer, and grass silage (14 treatments in total), were determined in this study. Dried, milled herbage samples were incubated in an in vitro rumen batch culture with rumen microbial inoculum (rumen fluid) and buffered mineral solution (artificial saliva) at 39 °C for 24 hours. All herbage chemical composition and in vitro rumen fermentation variables were affected (p<0.001) by treatment. Rumex obtusifolius (in spring and summer), Urtica dioica (summer) and Senecio jacobaea (summer) had lower (p<0.05) CH₄ outputs relative to feed dry matter incubated compared with grass silage, reflecting their lower extent of in vitro rumen fermentation.
Protein sources for the animal feed industry : Expert Consultation and Workshop, Bangkok, 29 April - 3 May 2002.
Genetics, genomics and breeding of forage crops
Composition, ileal amino acid digestibility and nutritive value of organically grown legume seeds and conventional rapeseed cakes for pigs
Potentials of forage legumes in farming systems of Sub-Saharan Africa : proceedings of a workshop held at ILCA, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia 16-19 September 1985
Forage legumes for soil productivity enhancement and quality fodder production
In vitro effect of condensed tannins from tropical fodder crops against eggs and larvae of the nematode Haemonchus contortus
Browse leaves and pods as ruminant feed in central Tanzania
Harvesting strategy and N fertilization influence 134Cs uptake by forage plants
Plant breeding and the nutritive value of crop residues : proceedings of a workshop held at ILCA, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, 7-10 December 1987
Green plant feeding of reindeer with reference to selenium
Role of forage species and conservation method in ruminal lipid metabolism, mammary lipogenesis and milk fatty acid composition in lactating cows
Forage tree legumes in tropical agriculture
Better use of local forages for dairy cattle in Vietnam : improving grasses, rice straw and protein rich forages
The world sweet potato economy
Production and utilization of ensiled forages by beef cattle, dairy cows, pregnant ewes and finishing lambs : a review
Faidherbia albida in the West African semi-arid tropics : proceedings of a workshop, 22-26 Apr 1991, Niamey, Niger
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Phytoestrogen content and estrogenic effect of legume fodder
Managing grass for horses : the responsible owner's guide
Regulation of flowering and canopy structure in timothy (Phleum pratense L.)
Seed production : principles and practices
Field and laboratory methods for grassland and animal production research
Metabolism of yellow lupin (Lupinus luteus L) in the rumen of sheep
