http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p755 tango (dance music)
tango (dance music)
Tango for piano
Tango classics in latin and sumerian
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 13, Jonathan & Katusha
Argentine tango : a guide to basics and beyond (part 1)
The Thirties. Part Three
Driftwood : fox-trot
Tango voices : songs from the soul of Buenos Aires & beyond : a collection of celebrated tangos from around the world
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 13, "All or nothing at all"
Naturalised finnish tango puts out new shoots
Tango nostalgia : the language of love and longing : Finnish culture in tango lyrics discourses : a contrastive semiotic and cultural approach to the tango
It's easy to play tango
Ancona open ballroom. 5.
Loves to tango!
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 2: original music for ballroom dancing
Tango for guitar
The Placido Domingo story
Classic tangos for guitar
Dance attack!. 1, 16 original vocal recordings
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 14, "L'Italiano"
Pole dance and fitness : technique manual
Dancing tango : passionate encounters in a globalizing world
South America, take it away! : 24 latin hits
Arctic paradise : contemporary folk music from Finland 2012
World masters voice. 2, Standard and latin dances
Black & blue
The art of Ballroom
The meaning of tango : the story of the Argentinian dance
Tango : sex and rhythm of the city
Tango artist Astor Piazzolla's composition, 'La muerte del ángel', serves as inspiration for a few reflections on the relationship between enlightenment and enchantment in the 21st century. Piazzolla wrote the fugue as accompaniment to a play, 'Tango del angel', about an angel who tries to heal broken human spirits in Buenos Aires and ends up dying in a knife fight. Drawing on tango's melancholy, longing, and hesitant hoping, I share stories from my travels where I engage with the struggle to sustain an ethnographic art that brings heart to the process of knowing the world.
El viaje : 15 tangos and other pieces : accordion
Tango for two : 11 intermediate compositions and arrangements : with a preface in Spanish, German, French : for 2 alto or 2 tenor saxophones
The Ultimate... Ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 7, "Beautiful things"
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance-step-by-step!
Ballroom favourites
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 1: original music for ballroom dancing
The best... of ballroom music. 16 : original hits for ballroom dancing
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 1.
Tango : the dance, the song, the story
Vuelvo al sur : 10 tangos and other pieces. Piano
Tangos & milongas for solo guitar. Volume 2
Global tangos : travels in the transnational imaginary
Ballroom dancing : a comprehensive guide for dancers of all levels
The world of the tango : 20 tango classics : The tango kings
Latin standards : the 14 most passionate Latin songs : alto saxophone = die 14 feurigsten Latin Songs : Altsaxophon
Argentinian tango and folk tunes for flute
Epilogue : the tango and Finnish popular music
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 4.
Joints of glulam structures based on glued-in ribbed steel rods
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 12, Alan & Donna
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 17, Emanuel & Tania
Ghetto tango : wartime Yiddish theater
Masters of modern. 13.
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 11, "Two of a kind"
Latin standards : the 14 most passionate Latin songs = die 14 feurigsten Latin Songs : tenor saxophone = Tenorsaxophon
Tango : a solo across South America
French tangos for violin
Tango Argentina : live from Buenos Aires
The Argentine tango as social history 1880-1955 : the soul of the people
Gold Star Ballroom : Tango
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 11, Jonathan & Katusha
The ultimate ballroom album 6 : original music for dancing & listening. 6, "Hello young lovers"
Gold standard. 2
Tango : the rhythm and movement of Buenos Aires
"Argentinean tango is a global phenomenon. Since its origin among immigrants from the slums of Buenos Aires and Montevideo, it has crossed and re-crossed many borders. Yet, never before has tango been danced by so many people and in so many different places as today. Argentinean tango is more than a specific music and style of dancing. It is also a cultural imaginary which embodies intense passion, hyper-heterosexuality, and dangerous exoticism. In the wake of its latest revival, tango has become both a cultural symbol of Argentinean national identity and a transnational cultural space in which a modest, yet growing number of dancers from different parts of the globe meet on the dance floor. Through interviews and ethnographical research in Amsterdam and Buenos Aires, Kathy Davis shows why a dance from another era and another place appeals to men and women from different parts of the world and what happens to them as they become caught up in the tango salon culture.
The tango machine : musical culture in the age of expediency
¡Tango! : the dance, the song, the story
Argentine tango : a guide to basics and beyond
Everybody's tango album : for pianoforte solo or piano accordion : with vocal refrains
The death of the angel : reflections on the relationship between enlightenment and enchantment in the twenty-first century
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance - step-by-step
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 17, "For you"
A technique of advanced standard ballroom figures
Tangos : selected works for the piano
Long after nidnight at the Niño Bien : a yanqui's missteps in Argentina
Modern ballroom dancing
Heart of tango
Exploring the written : anthropology and the multiplicity of writing
Tangos, milongas and other Latin-American Dances for Solo Piano
The technique of ballroom dancing
Noch amul! : tango oyf Yiddish. Vol. 2
Leivonen lumimyrskyssä : Celebrating the music of Toivo Kärki
Beginner's guide to tango lounge
The Irvine legacy
The tango : 16 essential tango favourites
On tango : the definitive guide to Argentine tango
Technique of ballroom dancing
40 Piazzolla tangos for piano
Argentinian tango and folk tunes for accordion
The world of ballroom dance
Ballroom dancing / Step-by-Step
World Dancesport Federation: tango
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 3: original music for ballroom dancing
The ultimate...ballroom album. 7, Beautiful things
Tango voices : songs from the soul of Buenos Aires & beyond
Tango nuevo for piano solo : 10 moderne argentinische Tangos für Klavier = 10 modern tangos from Argentina for piano. Volume 2.
World of Standardtänze. Vol. 2
Superhythm fun : 10 modern dances : Miniature dances for classroom instruments and voice
Assassination tango : motion picture soundtrack
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing & listening. 12, Anything goes
Dancing with Dr Kildare
Cultural dynamics and minority identity in music : an ethnomusicological case study of the Swedish-Finnish popular music in the dancehalls of Gothenburg. (1)
Masters of modern. One
Nine songs from the valley
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 15, "Reaching for the moon"
World dance. Tango
Nu tango : the style and the passion
News from tangoland
13 tango passions for mandolin and guitar
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 14, Victor & Anna
Tango argentino : the technique
Tango : an art history of love
Goddess Star Monroe's pole essentials
The tango lesson : original motion picture soundtrack
The music of France
