http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7554 missionaries
missionaries
"They did not want us to be here" : Finnish missionary activity in Northern Namibia and its first setbacks, 1869-1872
The wounds and blood of Jesus : a mission letter to friends in Finland, Africa and other continents
Together in mission
J. Hudson Taylor : a man in Christ
Dr. Bethune's angel : the life of Kathleen Hall
The falling sky : words of a Yanomami shaman
The spiritual in the secular : missionaries and knowledge about Africa
From crisis to creation : Lesslie Newbigin and the reinvention of christian mission
Evangelical Christians in the Muslim Sahel
Partners in mission : a case-study of the missionary practice of the Lutheran foreign mission agency involvement in Tanzania since the early 1960's seen in a historical and theological perspective
David Livingstone : man, myth and legacy
John Birch : a life
The life and explorations of David Livingstone, LL.D. : carefully compiled from reliable sources
Pathfinders of the world missionary crusade
Garenganze : or, seven years' pioneer mission work in central Africa
When the geese come : the journals of a Moravian missionary Ella Mae Ervin Romig 1898-1905, Southwest Alaska
The book of Mormon : sheet music from the hit Broadway show
Bartholomaeus Ziegenbalg : a biography of the first Protestant missionary in India 1682-1719
Patricia St John tells her own story
Unknown soldier. Vol. 1 : Haunted house
Gender, race and religion : Nordic missions 1860-1940
The prophets of Eternal Fjord
A half century among the Siamese and the Lao : an autobiography
Nakambale : the life of Dr. Martin Rautanen
White men's God : the extraordinary story of missionaries in Africa
The imperial horizons of British Protestant missions, 1880-1914
Picturing pity : pitfalls and pleasures in cross-cultural communication, image and word in a North Cameroon mission
Encyclopedia of mission and missionaries
Through orthodox eyes : Russian missionary narratives of travels to the Denaína and Ahtna, 1850s-1930s
Gender and mission encounters in Korea : new women, old ways
The objective of this paper is to describe the survey on third culture kids' (TCKs') career choices and mission call. The survey aimed to find out how international childhood has influenced the choices of education and profession, how many third culture kids choose a missionary career, and which factors contribute to those choices. The data is based on responses of 48 Finnish and American adult missionary kids. The theoretical background is derived from studies on third culture kids, interviews, and biographies. It suggests that the years spent abroad have a significant impact on adult third culture kids' life choices. The survey results confirm that. The third culture kids have higher education than their peers and most pursue a college or university degree. Most third culture kids choose a profession with an international dimension and practical application abroad. Almost half of the missionary kids wish to become or have become missionaries themselves, and another third wishes to live and work abroad..
Beyond the forestline : the life and letters of Bengt Sundkler
Modern women modernizing men : the changing missions of three professional women in Asia and Africa, 1902-1969
The making of manhood among Swedish missionaries in China and Mongolia, c. 1890-c. 1914
Raising resilient MKs : resources for caregivers, parents, and teachers
The missionary life : saints and the evangelisation of Europe, 400-1050
From faith to action : the Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Mission 1859-2009
Putting names with faces : women's impact in mission history
Bihé and Garenganze : or four years' further work and travel in Central Africa
C. T. Studd : athlete and pioneer
On the move in China : The Finnish Evangelical Free Churches' mission in China 1890-1951
William Carey : cobbler to missionary
Missionaries, indigenous peoples, and cultural exchange
Short-term mission : an ethnography of Christian travel narrative and experience
Mission legacies : biographical studies of leaders of the modern missionary movement
Western daughters in eastern lands : British missionary women in Asia
The British in Africa
To China with love : the lives and times of Protestant missionaries in China 1860-1900
Bernardino de Sahagun, first anthropologist
Svensk missionstidskrift. Vol. 91:4, The missionary - person and ministry
Lutheran cooperation and confrontation in Pakistan 1958-1962 : church-mission relations from the perspective of the Finnish Missionary Society
Implicit understandings : observing, reporting, and reflecting on the encounters between Europeans and other peoples in the early modern era
Unknown soldier. [Vol. 4] : Beautiful world
Mission of change in southwest Alaska : conversations with father René Astruc and Paul Dixon on their work with Yup'ik people, 1950-1988
In Borrowed Place: Mission Stations and Local Adaption in Early Twentieth-Century Hunan Riika-Leena Juntunen creates a microhistorical narrative around the establishment, reception, and development of Lizhou protestant stations during the turbulent years of popular nationalism and early communist activity. The book examines the changing place identity around the stations from political, religious, ritual, cultural, and gendered perspectives, revealing a Chinese semi-religious community with varying motivations and in constant dialogue with its surroundings. The group developed its own normative code and hierarchy, and it offered both economic and religious benefits according to local models. Yet the developing political situation also meant it had to solve the question of anti-foreignism to be able to continue its existence.
Mormon missionaries enter Eastern Europe
American women in mission : a social history of their thought and practice
The Bambatha Watershed : Swedish missionaries, African Christians and an evolving Zulu church in rural Natal and Zululand 1902-1910
The journals of Eric Norelius : a Swedish missionary on the American frontier
A life of service
"They did not want us to be here" : Finnish missionary activity in Northern Namibia and its first setback, 1869-1872
The gospel of gentility : American women missionaries in turn-of-the-century China
Robert Morrison and the birth of Chinese Protestantism
Civilizing habits : women missionaries and the revival of French empire
Too valuable to lose : exploring the causes and cures of missionary attrition
David Livingstone : mission and empire
A lady cyclist's guide to Kashgar
God's empire : religion and colonialism in the British world, c. 1801-1908
Internationalizing missionary training : a global perspective
Missions under the cross : addresses delivered at the enlarged meeting of the Committee of the International Missionary Council at Willingen, in Germany, 1952 ; with statements issued by the meeting
Evangelists or envoys? : the role of British missionaries at turning points in Malagasy political history, 1820-1840 : documentary and analysis
Sisters from two worlds : the impact of the missionary work on the role and the life of women in Namibian church and society
Cape Horn
The testament
Penetrating missions' final frontier : a new strategy for unreached peoples
Not to destroy but to fulfil : the contribution of J. N. Farquahar to protestant missionary thought in India before 1914
Mission impossible? : missionary and native : the attitudes of the LMS missionaries to traditional beliefs and practices in British Guiana and Papua New Guinea between 1860 and 1910 : notions of Congregationalist missionary work in the late Victorian era
A network of missionaries and the establishment of knowledge : creating space
Underwood of Korea : being an intimate record of the life and work of the Rev. H.G. Underwood, D.D., LL.D., for thirty-one years a missionary of the Presbyterian Board in Korea
Faith in objects : american missionary expositions in the early twentieth century
Transient apostle : Paul, travel, and the rhetoric of empire
The missionary lives : a study in Canadian missionary biography and autobiography
Looking for Mrs Livingstone
The Salsbury story : a medical missionary's lifetime of public service
Island of Wings
Towards a holistic soteriology for a Lutheran church in an African religious context : utilising Luther's theology and the Owambo traditions to overcome a spiritualised and privatised concept of salvation in the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia (ELCIN)
Honourably wounded : stress among Christian workers
Gendered missions : women and men in missionary discourse and practice
Biography of John and Edith Kilbuck, Moravian missionaries in the Kuskokwin drainage region of Alaska. Central issue is how Christianity, as presented by the Kilbucks, interacted with and was affected by traditional Yup'ik ideology and action.
Mission and state in the Congo : a study of the relations between Protestant missions and the Congo independent state authorities with special reference to the Equator district, 1885-1903
Unknown soldier. Vol. 3 : Dry season
The fire of tongues : António Vieira and the missionary church in Brazil and Portugal
The real people and the children of thunder : the Yup'ik Eskimo encounter with Moravian missionaries John and Edith Kilbuck
A spirituality of the road
The Yanomami and their interpreters : fierce people or fierce interpreters?
The English missionaries in Sweden and Finland
The personal life of David Livingstone : chiefly from his unpublished journals end correspondence in the possession of his family
Changing partnership of missionary and ecumenical movements : essays in honour of Marc Spindler
The letters of Emma Sarah Hahn : pioneer missionary among the Herero
Kaarlo Syvanto - pioneer : forty years in Israel
This book offers a pioneering account of the relationship between missionary work and masculinity. By examining four individual men this study explores how self-making occurred within foreign missions, but also how conceptions of male gender informed missionary work.
Saving China : Canadian missionaries in the Middle Kingdom 1888-1959
Attempting to bring the gospel home : Scottish missions to Palestine, 1839-1917
Converting the West : a biography of Narcissa Whitman
The church as the reconciled community of suffering disciples of Ciise Masiix : towards a contextual Somali ecclesiology
Sisters Crossing Boundaries : German missionary nuns in Colonial Togo and New Guinea, 1897-1960
William Carey
A holistic soteriology in an African context : utilising Luther's theology and the Owambo traditions to overcome a spiritualised and privatised concept of salvation in the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia (ELCIN)
Borrowed place : mission stations and local adaption in early twentieth-century Hunan
A China childhood
Another face of empire : Bartolomâe de las Casas, indigenous rights, and ecclesiastical imperialism
The missionary pioneer : or a brief memoir of the life, labors and death of John Stewart, (man of colour) founder, under God
Statement from a consultation on the preparation of missionaries
Communication and conversion in northern Cameroon : the Dii people and Norwegian missionaries, 1934-1960
China in the sixteenth century : the journals of Matthew Ricci : 1583-1610
The transforming gospel : the mission of François Coillard and Basuto evangelists in Barotseland
Tibet : a chronicle of exploration
"The quality of heroic living, of high endeavour and adventure" : Anglican mission, women and education in Palestine 1888-1948
Night falls on Cape Horn
Intersections of gender, religion, and ethnicity in Christian missions
Unknown soldier. Vol. 2 : Easy kill
Third culture kids' career choices and mission call
The origins of the modern Chinese press : the influence of the Protestant missionary press in late Qing China
W poszukiwaniu polskich grobów w Japonii = Nihon ni okeru pōrandojin bohi no tansaku = In search of Polish graves in Japan
Missionary travels and research in South Africa : including a sketch of sixteen year's residence in the interior of Africa
The book of strange new things
Butterflies & barbarians : Swiss missionaries & systems of knowledge in South-East Africa
Faithful witness : the life and mission of William Carey
Playing the game : the story of western women in Arabia
The communion of women : missions and gender in colonial Africa and the British metropole
Canadian missionaries, indigenous peoples : representing religion at home and abroad
Light on darkness? : missionary photography of Africa in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries
Whispers in the village
The memory palace of Matteo Ricci
Building God's kingdom : Norwegian missionaries in highland Madagascar, 1866-1903
Hannah Riddell : an Englishwoman in Japan
Unfolding destinies : the untold story of Peter Fleming and the Auca mission
Highlights in the history of exploration and trade in China
The meeting point
The small woman
