http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7555 agrarian society
agrarian society agriculture-based society
The Middle East and North Africa. Ed. 48. 2002.
For another Europe : a class analysis of European economic integration
Yupik transitions : change and survival at Bering Strait, 1900-1960
Transitions to capitalism in early modern Europe
Women and farming : changing roles, changing structures
Participatory research and the pastoralist question in Tanzania : a critique of the Jipemoyo project experience in Bagamoyo district
Mongolia : Nomad empire of eternal blue sky
The rocky road to reform : adjustment, income distribution, and growth in the developing world
The agrarian life and economy of Orissa : a survey (1833-1897)
A new heartland : women, modernity, and the Agrarian ideal in America
Agrarian unrest in southeast Asia
Distribution and differences : stratification and the system of reproduction in a Swedish peasant community 1620-1820
The rural history of medieval European societies : trends and perspectives
The theory of peasant co-operatives
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
Proverbs as historical media and messages
Food and the history of India : an "entitlement" approach
Agricultural co-operation in Sweden
Agrarian systems in early modern Europe : technology, tools, trade
Village voices : coexistence and communication in a rural cmmunity in Central France
Cooking, cuisine and class : a study in comparative sociology
Productive men, reproductive women : the agrarian household and the emergence of separate spheres in the German Enlightenment
Change and continuity in the economic role of rural women
The new global economy in the information age : reflections on our changing world
Adjustment with a human face. Vol. 1, Protecting the vulnerable and promoting growth
Women's work in rural China : change and continuity in an era of reform
Material for Baltic models of transformation : national reports
The question of the commons : the culture and ecology of communal resources
Essays on soil conservation, social capital and technology adoption
China : past & present
Voluntary standards and certification for environmentally and socially responsible agricultural production and trade
The changing geography of Africa
From heaven to earth : images and experiences of development in China
The agrarian problem in the sixteenth century
Deathly waters and hungry mountains : agrarian ritual and class formation in an Andean town
Livelihoods and sustainability at the agrarian frontier : the evolution of the frontier in Southeastern Nicaragua
The political ecology of bananas : contract farming, peasants, and agrarian change in the Eastern Caribbean
The Finland year book. 1936
The challenges of the Medvedev era
The debate on the origins of modern gender norms continues unabated across the academic disciplines. This book adds an important and hitherto neglected dimension. Focusing on rural life and its values, the author argues that the modern ideal of separate spheres originated in the era of the Enlightenment. Prior to the eighteenth century, cultural norms prescribed active,interdependent economic roles for both women and men. Enlightenment economists transformed these gender paradigms as they postulated a market exchange system directed exclusively by men. By the early nineteenth century, the emerging bourgeois value system affirmed the new civil society and the market place as exclusively male realms. These standards defined women's options largely as marriage and motherhood.
Transition, institutions, and the rural sector
South Korea
The English countryman : his life and work from Tudor times to the Victorian age
Conflict and change in the countryside : rural society, economy and planning in the developed world
Latin America transformed : globalization and modernity
The agrarian history of Sweden : from 4000 BC to AD 2000
Cooperative development : methods of starting and re-organizing agricultural cooperative societies in a developing country
Cardoso's Brazil : a land for sale
The psychology of social class
Land degradation : problems and policies
The changing role of women in European agriculture
The Egyptian peasant
The effects of structural adjustment : the case for Nigeria and Ghana - a time-space analysis
The third revolution in the Chinese countryside
Civil society and global finance
Knowledge, space, economy
The evolution of political systems : sociopolitics in small-scale sedentary societies
The peasant state : the state and rural questions in 20th century Finland
Gendered rural spaces
Doing business with Ukraine
The Common Agricultural Policy
Capitalism and peasant farming : agrarian structure and ideology in northern Tamil Nadu
New modes of globalizing : experimentalist forms of economic organization and enabling welfare institutions : lessons from the Nordic countries and Slovenia
How does a shepherd's life story become a patriotic song? : narrating past rural childhood of the 1920s and 1930s in Finland
The structure of society and its changes in the African countries
Locality and inequality : farm and industry structure and socioeconomic conditions
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
Agricultural development policy : concepts and experiences
Land investments, accountability and the law : lessons from West Africa
Small is beautiful : a study of economics as if people mattered
The expansion of Latin Europe, 1000-1500. Volume 2. Internal colonization in medieval Europe
Understanding peasant China : case studies in the philosophy of social science
Russia now ranks among the world's ten largest economies and continues to experience rapid growth. Industrial investment and real incomes are soaring. Federal finances are in excellent shape, giving the government a welcome opportunity to invest in long-term development of human capital, improvement of living conditions and bolstering of the country's infrastructure. Fixing Russia, however, is not without its challenges. For long-neglected sectors such as health care and education, financial infusions alone will be insufficient to bring change - structural reforms are needed. Double-digit inflation has also returned after slowing throughout most of the 2000s. The rise in prices has been driven by a global increase in food prices, along with a number of domestic factors. Finland has benefited from Russia's economic growth, and exports to Russia have risen rapidly even with the loss of market share to competitors. Energy's significance for the Russian economy remains large and the country has huge opportunities to improve its efficiency of energy use and production through e.g. price deregulation. While the direction is clear, the road ahead for Russia will not be easy. Russia seeks to become a leading global innovator over the medium term - a perhaps overambitious goal given the starting point.  Key words: Russia, economy, social issues, foreign trade, energy.
Structural adjustment and agriculture : African and Asian experiences
The Middle East and North Africa. Ed. 41. 1995.
Economic performance, adjustment, and political conflict in the developing countries : cross-national statistical analysis of the determinants of political conflict with case study on Chile
The economy of Europe in an age of crisis : 1600 - 1750
From an agrarian society to an information society : a background to the recent changes experienced by Finland and its rural areas
The English countrywoman : her life in farmhouse and field from Tudor times to the Victorian age
Social classes in agrarian societies
Gender, class and rural transition : agribusiness and the food crisis in Senegal
International development and the social sciences : essays on the history and politics of knowledge
Twilight of the machines
Brazil : a guide to the people, politics and culture
Skramle : the true story of a deserted medieval farmstead
Rural history in the North Sea area : an overview of recent research, Middle Ages-twentieth century
Planning for development : methodologies, problems and solution concepts
Australia
Red snow
Gender economics in action : rural women's economic citizenship in Finland during the twentieth century
Producing places
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Economic performance, adjustment, and political instability : a study on economic determinants of conflicts in the Third world
The social sciences in international agricultural research : lessons from the CRSPs
United Kingdom
From peasant to proletarian : capitalist development and agrarian transitions
Doing business with Russia : a guide to investment and business practice
Suomi : Pohjolan etuvartio = Finland the outpost of the north = Finnland der Vorposten des Nordens
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Postindustrial possibilities : a critique of economic discourse
Irish peasant society : four historical essays
Agrarianism in American history
The information society : an international perspective
Finland as a peasant society and the agrarian reforms
Over the mountains are mountains : Korean peasant households and their adaptations to rapid industrialization
Politics and society in the third world
Cooperatives as a tool for poverty reduction and promoting business in Tanzania
