http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7560 social life
social life
Lady Catherine and the real Downton Abbey
Geisha : the secret history of a vanishing world
Bridget Jones's diary : a novel
Summer and the city : a Carrie diaries novel
The history and culture of Japanese food
"When the exquisitely handsome Dorian Gray sees his portrait he dreams of remaining young forever while his painted image grows old and, in a sudden moment, he offers his soul in return for perpetual youth. While his beauty remains unblemished, the portrait begins to reflect the wildness and degradation of his soul as he surrenders to a worship of pleasure and infinite passion. 'The Picture of Dorian Gray' caused outrage when it was first published in 1890 and marked the onset of Oscar Wilde's own fatal reputation and eventual downfall. An evocative portrayal of London life and a powerful blast against the hypocrisies of Victorian polite society it has become one of Oscar Wild's most celebrated works, full of the flamboyant wit for which he is justly renowned." -- (Back Cover)
Sin city : London in pursuit of pleasure
At home : a short history of private life
Eccentricity and the cultural imagination in nineteenth-century Paris
Imperial city : Rome under Napoleon
The age of innocence
Bridget Jones's diary
The rhetoric of courtship in Elizabethan language and literature
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
The Thai and I : Thai culture and society
The Waldorf-Astoria cookbook
Iconicity : essays on the nature of culture : Festschrift for Thomas A. Sebeok on his 65th birthday
Youth participation in religious activities: case study of the congregations of Mikael Agricola and Munkkiniemi Churches in Helsinki, Finland and the Presbyterian Church Down Beach Limbe, Cameroon : a comparative perspective
Culture Shock! : Chile
The picture of Dorian Gray
Pride and prejudice
Wondering into Thai culture or Thai whys, and otherwise
21st-century etiquette : Charlotte Ford's guide to manners for the modern age
French salons : high society and political sociability from the Old Regime to the Revolution of 1848
The fabulous girl's guide to life
Transgressing boundaries : worldly conversation, politeness and sociability in Ancien Régime France, 1660-1789
"Traces Japan's coffee craze from the turn of the twentieth century, when Japan helped to launch the Brazilian coffee industry, to the present day, as uniquely Japanese ways with coffee surface in Europe and America. White's book takes up themes as diverse as gender, privacy, perfectionism, and urbanism. She shows how coffee and coffee spaces have been central to the formation of Japanese notions about the uses of public space, social change, modernity, and pleasure. White describes how the café in Japan, from its start in 1888, has been a place to encounter new ideas and experiments in thought, behavior, sexuality, dress, and taste. It is where a person can be socially, artistically, or philosophically engaged or politically vocal. It is also, importantly, an urban oasis, where one can be private in public."--Publisher's description.
From London to Beijing to New York, art sales are booming, and the art world receives the sort of breathless media attention once reserved for celebrities and royals. In Seven Days in the Art World, Sarah Thornton, a brilliant young sociologist, looks at all aspects of buying, selling, and creating serious art.
The Secret Paris of the 30's
Her ladyship's guide to modern manners
The rogue you know
Bright young things
Bathing in public in the Roman world
Leisure and pleasure in the nineteenth century
The custom of the country & other classic novels
Lunch in Paris : a delicious love story, with recipes
Manners and mischief : gender, power, and etiquette in Japan
Piano forte is composed of many voices, as it draws on memoirs, diaries, letters, concert programmes, company records, fiction and visual images. The stories end in 1930 when the increasing popularity of the phonograph, the radio and the introduction of the talkie movies were beginning to have a profound impact on people's leisure activities. But by 1930, the piano has a thoroughly settled in, no longer a stranger but a loved, essential part of New Zealand society.
The Amish struggle with modernity
Seven days in the art world
Greek whisky : the localization of a global commodity
The follies of King Edward VII
Culture shock! : Mexico
Northanger Abbey
"Gideon Harrow has spent his life in London's dark underworld--and he wants out. A thief and a con, he plans one last heist to finally win his freedom. But when everything goes wrong, he finds himself at the tender mercies of one of Society's most untouchable women--Lady Susanna Derring..... Susanna has spent her life in London's glittering ton, under the thumb of a domineering mother--and she wants out. When a wickedly charming rogue lands at her feet, she jumps at the chance to experience life before it's too late. But as she descends into London's underworld, she finds that nothing--not even Gideon--is as it seems. As excitement turns to danger, Susanna must decide what price she's willing to pay...for the love of a reformed thief"--provided by publisher.
Circle of friends
Eskimos and explorers
Food & feast in Tudor England
Margot at war : love and betrayal in Downing Street, 1912-16
Sex, music & bloomers : a social history of American popular music, 1892-1915
Wishing for tomorrow
Pride and prejudice and zombies : the classic regency romance - now with ultraviolent zombie mayhem
Broadmoor memories : the history of the Broadmoor
Etiquette : "the Blue Book of social usage"
Piano forte : stories and soundscapes from colonial New Zealand
Lunch in Paris : A love story, with recipes
The progresses, pageants, and entertainments of Queen Elizabeth I
Paths to marriage
France and the Great War, 1914-1918
The piano teacher
Finland faces features : Finland is not small talk
The rituals of dinner : the origins, evolution, eccentricies, and meaning of table manners
Xenophobe's guide to the Russians
Small talk : socializing in English
Trials of the King of Hampshire : madness, secrecy and betrayal in Georgian England
The complete idiot's guide® to etiquette
Conservative tradition in pre-revolutionary France : Parisian salon women
Leisure and ancient Rome
Darling monster : the letters of Lady Diana Cooper to her son John Julius Norwich 1939-1952
Artifacts : an archaeologist's year in Silicon Valley
First-person America
Toxic bachelors
Coffee life in Japan
Lady Almina and the real Downton Abbey : the lost legacy of Highclere Castle
The Thai and I : successful living in Thailand
Whiteness, weddings, and tourism in the Caribbean : paradise for sale
Venice incognito : masks in the serene republic
Jane Austen : illusion and reality
Twilight of the superheroes
Elizabethan life in town and country
The hotel on Place Vendôme : life, death, and betrayal at the Hôtel Ritz in Paris
Ottoline : the life of Lady Ottoline Morrell
Culture and customs of the Arab Gulf States
Ladies in the sun : the memsahibs' India, 1790-1860
Eating together : food, friendship, and inequality
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Culture shock! : Turkey
Emily Post's Etiquette
Encountering the Chinese : a guide for Americans
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
A sixpence at whist : gaming and the English middle classes, 1680-1830
Dissimulation and the culture of secrecy in early modern Europe
Eat like a Londoner :  an insider's guide to dining out
Romantic sociability : social networks and literary culture in Britain, 1770-1840
The coffee-house : a cultural history
Capital affairs : London and the making of the permissive society
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Sun, sea and sand : the great British seaside holiday
The Whitechapel Conspiracy
Cooking the South American way : revised and expanded to include new low-fat and vegetarian recipes
