http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7568 political institutions
political institutions
The changing roles of the Institute for Soviet Studies
The origins of political order : from prehuman times to the French revolution
Government reformed : values and new political institutions
The principles of sociology. 2
"This book confronts and discusses different conceptions of political representation with respect to their application to the system of multi-level governance in the European Union. Political representation is an essentially contested concept. Its meaning has evolved with the development of representative democracy at the level of the nation state, and normative theories of political representation often evolved as a reflection on developing practices rather than the other way around. Since the EU is not a conventional nation state, and since the effectiveness and legitimacy of classic notions of political representation at the level of the national state has also become a matter of dispute, the EU has become a playground for the development of alternative or additional conceptions of democracy. The contributions to this volume evaluate these alternative conceptions with regard to both their effectiveness and their legitimacy, and combine both conceptual and empirical analyses." --Publisher's description.
Reinventing Britain : constitutional change under New Labour
The politics of parliamentary procedure : the formation of the Westminster procedure as a parliamentary ideal type
State-building : governance and world order in the twenty-first century
Some chiefs are "more under" than others : kinship, ritual, and the concept of political hierarchy among the Asante
"This edited volume is a tribute to, and a debate with, the scholarship of Walter Carlsnaes and his contribution to the study of foreign policy in both its conceptualization and application"--
Formation of the state
Political representation and European Union governance
Democracy in practice : ceremony and ritual in parliaments
The personalisation of politics : a study of parliamentary democracies
Dictionary of world politics
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Rethinking foreign policy
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
Understanding the policy process : analysing the welfare policy and practice
Politics USA
With public confidence in representative institutions dropping to distressing levels, it is time for political theorists to reconnect issues of representation to considerations of justice, rights, citizenship, pluralism, and community. Representation and Democratic Theory investigates theoretical and practical aspects of innovative political representation in the early twenty-first century. It reveals the complexity of contemporary political representation and the importance of re-invigorating public life outside legislatures, political parties, and competitive elections. A crucial supplement to empirical studies of conventional political representation this book offers a timely and thought-provoking contribution to contemporary democratic theory. It will be a necessary and welcome addition to the libraries of many political and social scientists.
Global capital, political institutions, and policy change in developed welfare states
Political trust and civic engagement during the crisis
Chinese politics and government : power, ideology, and organisation
Deliberative democracy in Australia : the changing place of Parliament
Cohabitation and conflicting politics in French policymaking
The Oxford handbook of political institutions
Institutions and governance in developing countries
A comparative data set on political institutions : an update
New York Longshoremen reveals how labor relations on the docks were driven from below by radical and reform rank-and-file movements led by communists, Catholics, and local union leaders. William Mello uncovers this little-known history that depicts the impact of state and local politics and political institutions on the labor movement in postwar America.
Political participation beyond the vote : how the institutional context shapes patterns of political participation in 18 Western European democracies
Capitalism and democracy : challenges and responses in an increasingly interdependent world
Principles of politics : a rational choice theory guide to politics and social justice
"The toughest season in the White House:" the rhetorical presidency and the State of the Union Address from 1953 to 1992
China after Jiang
Understanding the presidency
American government and politics today : the essentials
A source book for the study of personality and politics
"How is democracy made real? How does an undemocratic country create new institutions and transform its polity such that democratic values and practices become integral parts of its political culture? These are some of the most pressing questions of our times, and they are the central inquiry of Building Democracy in Japan. Using the Japanese experience as starting point, this book develops a new approach to the study of democratization that examines state, society interactions as a country adjusts its existing political culture to accommodate new democratic values, institutions, and practices. With reference to the country, s history, the book focuses on how democracy is experienced in contemporary Japan, highlighting the important role of generational change in facilitating both gradual adjustments as well as dramatic transformation in Japanese politics"--Provided by publisher.
Zhao Ziyang and China's political future
Losers' consent : elections and democratic legitimacy
Realities of representation : state building in Early Modern Europe and European America
Democratization in post-Suharto Indonesia
Courtiers and warriors : comparative historical perspectives on ruling authority and civilization
Organized democracy : political institutions in a welfare state : the case of Norway
Markets and democracy in Russia
Decentralization : institutions and politics in rural India
"This collection highlights the ways in which parliaments create and maintain powerful symbols of democracy and power. It explores how political and social hierarchies operate within parliaments through ceremonial spectacles, formal and informal rules and rituals, art and architecture. Members are socialized through everyday practices but such institutional disciplining is also challenged performatively - by refusal to participate, by subversion of norms or by rejection of rules. The contributions to this volume highlight that the everyday ritual practices as well as institutional ceremonies have significant political meaning, whether their focus is upon the spectacular or the quotidian. Chapters on opening ceremony, Prime Minister's Questions, on performance of debate and disruption, on the architecture and space of suggest that what has often been seen as the banal backdrop to politics proper, accumulated tradition or necessary rules of procedure, should in fact be the starting-point for our analyses of modern democratic parliaments"--
Performance of democracies : political institutions and public policies
Institutions and ethnic politics in Africa
Presidential institutions and democratic politics : comparing regional and national contexts
Comparative politics : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 2, Western Europe and the United States : foundations of comparative politics
Power and decision in Europe : the political institutions of the European Commynity
Citizenship and involvement in European democracies : a comparative analysis
Democratic consolidation in Eastern Europe. Vol. 1, Institutional engineering
Rewriting democracy : cultural politics in postmodernity
Conssular legislation in pre-Sullan Rome
Governing after communism : institutions and policymaking
The democratization process in post-Dayton Bosnia and Herzegovina and the role of the European Union
The European union : economics and policies
Political institutions in Italy
Political institutions in the Federal Republic of Germany
Why nations fail : the origins of power, prosperity and poverty
Political representation and legitimacy in the European Union
This work focuses concern on historical impacts in the Chinese political arena in order to re-appraise Zhao Ziyang's political legacies and their relevance to China's ongoing change.
"This book explains how Japan became a democracy. It offers a grassroots perspective and holistic understanding of Japan's democratization process and what it means for the nation today"--Provided by publisher.
Institutional design and party government in post-communist Europe
The elements of social justice
New York longshoremen : class and power on the docks
Schools of Democracy offers a vivid analysis of the long-term impact of engagement in participatory budgeting institutions in Europe. While democratic innovations mushroom nowadays around the world, great hopes have appeared on their potential to re-enchant representative government and solve the increasing apathy of the public. Based on a rich ethnographic study in France, Italy and Spain, this book shows how participatory institutions can satisfy this ambition, by creating the procedural and social conditions of formation of a competent citizenry. More than deliberation itself, it seems that the informal discussions and interactions between a diverse public allows mutual learning and the beginning of a political trajectory for people who were at first so far from the public sphere. The book also shows however, how individuals often end up disappointed by the little decision-making power they are granted, exiting the institutions ever more cynical than at the beginning. JULIEN TALPIN is research fellow in political science at the CERAPS/University of Lille. His research deals with deliberative democracy, political socialisation and the transformations of representative government. He has studied a variety of democratic innovations from citizen juries, neighbourhood councils and participatory budgeting. Using both ethnographic and socio-historical methods, he mostly focuses on the individual impact of participation and deliberation.
The politics of Israel : the first decade of statehood
Essays on emerging financial markets, political institutions and development differences
Building democracy in Japan
Constitutional economics and public institutions
Rethinking political institutions : the art of the state
"Comparative Politics" provides a comprehensive introduction to political systems around the world. It covers methods and theories; the nation-state; institutions; actors and processes; policies; and recent changes.
Just democracy : the Rawls-Machiavelli programme
Subversive institutions : the design and the destruction of socialism and the state
States, parties, and social movements
Access points : an institutional theory of policy bias and policy complexity
From power sharing to democracy : post-conflict institutions in ethnically divided societies
"This edited volume is a tribute to, and a debate with, the scholarship of Walter Carlsnaes and his contribution to the study of foreign policy in both its conceptualization and application.This book probes the theoretical boundaries of Foreign policy analysis, and questions orthodox understandings of the field. It examines the Agency-Structure debate, the question of how human decision-making affects the norms and institutions of international interactions (and vice versa), and analyses how the study of Foreign Policy can be applied to the European Union as a supranational entity devoid of traditional statehood. Contributors offer an in-depth discussion on the intricacies of studying foreign policy, and provide new perspectives on the standing of the EU as a foreign policy entity.Rethinking Foreign Policy will be of interest to students and scholars of International Relations, Foreign Policy, Global Governance, EU studies, and the work of Walter Carlsnaes"--
Ruling Russia : authoritarianism from the revolution to Putin
Finland : smooth adaptation to European values and institutions
Inside the red box : North Korea's post-totalitarian politics
Understanding China and India : security implications for the United States and the world
The dual structure and mentality of Vladimir Putin's power coalition : a legacy for Medvedev
The Oxford handbook of political science / : ed. by Robert E. Goodin
Principles of sociology. Part 5, Politicalinstitutions
From international to world society? : English school theory and the social structure of globalisation
Justice beyond borders : a global political theory
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
Comparative democratic politics : a guide to contemporary theory and research
Contemporary Hong Kong Government and Politics
The logic of American politics
Comparative politics
Latin America : social structure and political institutions
Political analysis
Europe in search of political order : an institutional perspective on unity/diversity, citizens/their helpers, democratic design/historical drift and the co-existence of orders
Representing religion in the European Union : does God matter?
Representation and democratic theory
Building democratic institutions : governance reform in developing countries
The roots of American exceptionalism : history, institutions and culture
Deliberative systems : deliberative democracy at the large scale
Citizens' reactions to European integration compared : overlooking Europe
Analyzing congress
Accountability and corruption : a study into political institutions as referees between principals and agents
Carrots and sticks : political institutions as incentive structures in a corrupt world
Differentiated integration : explaining variation in the European Union
Schools of democracy : how ordinary citizens (sometimes) become competent in participatory budgeting institutions
Keywords in Australian politics
Politics in Finland
Democracy in Latin America, 1760-1900.. 1, Civic selfhood and public life in Mexico and Peru
Politics and institutions in Capetian France
