http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7569 institutions (social mechanisms)
institutions (social mechanisms)
Zu einer Europäischer Union der Bürger = On an European Union of citizens
Power and governance in a partially globalized world
The evolution of everything : how small changes transform our world
This volume includes a wide range of papers that explore individual and institutional aspects of religion from a social-science perspective. The special section has articles from research groups in Europe, the USA and Australia on clergy work-related psychological health, stress, burnout and coping strategies. The general papers include studies on coping strategies among Buddhists, gender differences in response to church decline, teenage participation in religion, social capital among Friends of Cathedrals, psychological profiles of clergy, education effects on Roman Catholic deacons, and an analysis of prayer requests. Together these papers form a valuable collection indicating the depth and vibrancy of research in these fields.
Sociology of discourse : from institutions to social change
The evolution of economic institutions : a critical reader
Institutional environment in North Korea : market structure and overcoming institutional voids
Modern German sociology
The dual structure and mentality of Vladimir Putin's power coalition : a legacy for Medvedev
Evolution of Hindu administrative institutions in south India
The European Union : politics and policies
How institutions matter!
Culture's consequences : comparing values, behaviors, institutions and organizations across nations
How institutions change : perspectives on social learning in global and local environmental contexts
Institutional reform and democratic consolidation in Korea
Private groups and public life : social participation, voluntary associations and political involvement in representative democracies
Insurance companies as major investors are a potential source of systemic risk
Business research in the Nordic countries: an analysis of research output across countries, disciplines, and institutions
Economic sociology : a systematic inquiry
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
The European Commission in the post-Lisbon era of crises : between political leadership and policy management
The miracle of the Met : an informal history of the Metropolitan Opera 1883-1967
The ancien regime : a manual of French institutions and social classes
Economics and institutions : a manifesto for a modern institutional economics
Collective values, behavioural norms and rules : building institutions for economic growth and poverty reduction
The Second Edition of this classic work, first published in 1981 and an international bestseller, explores the differences in thinking and social action that exist among members of more than 50 modern nations. Geert Hofstede argues that people carry "mental programs" which are developed in the family in early childhood and reinforced in schools and organizations, and that these programs contain components of national culture. They are expressed most clearly in the different values that predominate among people from different countries. Geert Hofstede has completely rewritten, revised and updated Cultures Consequences for the twenty-first century, he has broadened the book's cross-disciplinary appeal, expanded the coverage of countries examined from 40 to more than 50, reformulated his arguments and a large amount of new literature has been included. The book is structured around five major dimensions: power distance; uncertainty avoidance; individualism versus collectivism; masculinity versus femininity; and long term versus short-term orientation. --Publisher.
Religion, tradition, and ideology : pre-colonial South India
Institutions and organizations : ideas, interests, and identities
Concepts and considerations for the synthesis of ecosystem goods and services in Finland
The biblical world. Vol. 2
Choice, rules and collective action : the Ostroms on the study of institutions and governance
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Karl Polanyi : new perspectives on the place of the economy in society
Essays on comparative institutions
Comparative social research : a research annual. Vol. 13, Religious institutions
The politics of parliamentary procedure : the formation of the Westminster procedure as a parliamentary ideal type
Conventions and transaction costs
Institute of Contemporary Arts : 1946-1968
Continuity and change : institutions and transition in the Russian forest sector
Transaction costs and institutional change
Entrepreneurship and labour market institutions
Political mistrust and the discrediting of politicians
On the social origins of medieval institutions : essays in honor of Joseph F. O'Callaghan
Decentralization : institutions and politics in rural India
On charisma and institution building : selected papers
A guide to European Union law and institutions
Essays in empirical institutional analysis
Forestry and the new institutional economics : an application of contract theory to forest silvicultural investment
Professional sports and gambling regulation in Finland : examining the institutional factors of gambling affecting professional sport clubs in Finland
Creating trust in institutions in Russian forest localities
The new institutionalism in sociology
Altered states : international relations, domestic politics, and institutional change
The un-intended convergence : how the Finnish unemployment reached the European level
International forest sector institutions and policy instruments for Europe : a source book
Collective dynamics
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Property and political theory
How do institutions steer events? : an inquiry into the limits and possibilities of rational thought and action
Governance in modern society : effects, change and formation of government institutions
Dream nation : enlightenment, colonization, and the institution of modern Greece
Institutions and the environment
"The contemporary art world has become more inhospitable to "serious" intellectual activity in recent years. Critical discourse has been increasingly instrumentalized in the service of neoliberal art markets and institutions, and artists are pressurized by the demands of popularity and funding bodies. Set against this context, Gavin Butt and Irit Rogoff raise the question of "seriousness" in art and culture. What is seriousness exactly, and where does it reside? Is it a desirable value in contemporary culture? Or is it bound up with elite class and institutional cultures? Butt and Rogoff reflect on such questions through historical and theoretical lenses, and explore whether or not it might be possible to pursue knowledge and value in contemporary culture without recourse to high-brow gravitas. Can certain art forms--such as performance art--suggest ways in which we might be intelligent without being serious? And can one be serious in the art world without returning to established assumptions about the high-mindedness of the public intellectual?" --
The role of state and creation of a market economy in Russia
Transfiguring the arts and sciences : knowledge and cultural institutions in the Romantic age
Somali parents' experiences of bringing up children in Finland : exploring social-cultural change within migrant households
Learning from the world : new ideas to redevelop America
A source book for the study of personality and politics
Great Britain : identities, institutions and the idea of Britishness
Creative enterprise : contemporary art between museum and marketplace
Politics : a work in constructive social theory. [3], Plasticity into power : comparative-historical studies on the institutional conditions of economic and military success
Why the EU fails : Learning from past experiences to succeed better next time
The diplomatic corps as an institution of international society
Greedy institutions : patterns of undivided commitment
The biblical world. Vol. 1
On economic institutions : theory and applications
Pu(!)pular sovereignty and the search for appropriate institutions
The return of ideology : the search for regime identities in postcommunist Russia and China
Handbook of new institutional economics
Theoretical principles of sociology / : volume 1, Macrodynamics
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Religion, religious organisations and development : scrutinising religious perceptions and organisations
Political institutions in Italy
Institution-based view of entrepreneurial internationalization
Democratic devices and desires
Exploration and contestation in the study of world politics
Rapid guide for missions : analysing local institutions and livelihoods
"This book explores the constraints which justice imposes on immigration policy. Like liberal nationalists, Ryan Pevnick argues that citizens have special claims to the institutions of their states. However, the source of these special claims is located in the citizenry's ownership of state institutions rather than in a shared national identity. Citizens contribute to the construction and maintenance of institutions (by paying taxes and obeying the law), and as a result they have special claims to these institutions and a limited right to exclude outsiders. Pevnick shows that the resulting view justifies a set of policies - including support for certain types of guest worker programs - which is distinct from those supported by either liberal nationalists or advocates of open borders. His book provides a framework for considering a number of connected topics including issues related to self-determination, the scope of distributive justice and the significance of shared national identity"--
The rise of the agricultural welfare state : institutions and interest group power in the United States, France, and Japan
The economics of social institutions
The principles of sociology. 3
When the Normans came to Ireland
"Institutions", what is in a word? : a critique of the new institutional economics
The institutional revolution : measurement and the economic emergence of the modern world
Explaining institutional change : ambiguity, agency, and power
Advancing socio-economics : an institutionalist perspective
Institutional change : theory and empirical findings
The contribution of the new institutional economics to an understanding of the transition problem
Supply chain adaptation of Finnish companies in Chinese institutional environment
The sociological study of economic activity has witnessed a significant resurgence. Recent texts have chronicled economic sociology's nineteenth-century origins while pointing to the importance of context and power in economic life, yet the field lacks a clear understanding of the role that concepts at different levels of abstraction play in its organization. "Economic Sociology" fills this critical gap by surveying the current state of the field while advancing a framework for further theoretical development. Alejandro Portes examines economic sociology's principal assumptions, key explanatory concepts, and selected research sites. He argues that economic activity is embedded in social and cultural relations, but also that power and the unintended consequences of rational purposive action must be factored in when seeking to explain or predict economic behavior. Drawing upon a wealth of examples, Portes identifies three strategic sites of research - the informal economy, ethnic enclaves, and transnational communities - and he eschews grand narratives in favor of mid-range theories that help us understand specific kinds of social action. The book shows how the meta-assumptions of economic sociology can be transformed, under certain conditions, into testable propositions, and puts forward a theoretical agenda aimed at moving the field out of its present impasse.
Institutional change in Japan
Greco-Roman associations : texts, translations, and commentary. I., Attica, Central Greek, Macedonia, Thrace
Tourism and innovation
Identity and control : a structural theory of social action
Institutional logics in action. Part B
Institutional logics in action. Part A
Explaining social institutions
Society and biography : interrelationships between social structure, institutions and the life course
Social institutions in an era of world upheaval
Institutional challenges in the European Union
Individual strategy and social structure : an evolutionary theory of institutions
Institutional economics : an introduction
Essays on emerging financial markets, political institutions and development differences
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
Appropriate Institutions and Economic Growth : one size fits no-one
The establishment
The Oxford handbook of public policy
Law and order
National identity and the varieties of capitalism : the Danish experience
Institutions for rural development
Sociology : a biographical approach
Directory = Rpertoire = Directorio
Organizing history : studies in honour of Jan Glete
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Astronomy
Collective acceptance, social institutions and social reality
Summary.
Institutional theory in political science : the new institutionalism
Ideology of the Hindi film : a historical construction
Indian society and social institutions
Socialism : institutional, philosophical and economic issues
Climate change, forests and REDD : lessons for institutional design
"Plants are living too" The diverse carnism of fur farming discourses in Finland : values and institutions
The moral foundations of social institutions : a philosophical study
The crusaders in Syria and the Holy Land
Under construction : perspectives on institutional practice
Scandal on stage : European theater as moral trial
Resilient people, resilient planet : a future worth choosing : the report of the United Nations secretary-general's high-level panel on global sustainability
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Muslim religious institutions in Imperial Russia : the Islamic world of Novouzensk District and the Kazakh Inner Horde, 1780-1910
Language and power : an introduction to institutional discourse
Projectified environmental governance and challenges of institutional change toward sustainability
The theory of the leisure class
Institutional conditions for policy design : types of arenas and rules of the game
Manchester United : a thematic study
Sociologists and religion
Museum highlights : the writings of Andrea Fraser
The impacts of the emerging markets institutional environment on foreign firms : a study on Finnish cleantech firms in China
Feminist frameworks : alternative theoretical accounts of the relations between women and men
Property
Growth, institutions and productivity : an empirical analysis using the Bayesian approach
Elites in Finnish energy policy and biogas as a motor vehicle fuel
How do local governments change? : variations in time and place for conflicts in different forms
Institutional theory in political science : the 'new institutionalism'
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
This collection adds to a burgeoning literature concerned with the roles played by religions in development. The authors do not assume that religion and religious organisations can be 'used' to achieve development objectives, or that religiously inspired development work is more holistic, transformative and authentic. Instead, they subject such assumptions to critical and (as far as possible) objective scrutiny, focusing on how adherents of several religious traditions and a variety of organisations affiliated with different religions perceive the idea of development and attempt to contribute to its objectives. Geographically, chapters in the volume encompass Africa, South Asia and the Asia-Pacific. Four of the papers have an international focus: providing a preliminary framework for analysing the role of religion in development, considering the roles played by faith-inspired organisations in two regions (the Asia Pacific and Sub-Saharan Africa) and analysing transnational Muslim NGOs. The individual case studies focus on nine countries (India, Kenya, Pakistan, Nigeria, Tanzania, Sudan, Malawi, Sri Lanka, South Africa), consider four religions (Islam, Hinduism, Christianity, Buddhism), and can be grouped under four themes: they consider religion, wellbeing and inequality; the roles of religious NGOs in development; whether and how religious organisations influence, respond to or resist social change; and whether religious service providers reach the poor. Finally, practice notes show how three religious development organisations try to put their principles into practice. This book was published as a special double issue of Development in Practice.
Kansainvälinen yrittäjyys bottom of the pyramid-markkinoilla: institutionaalisten haasteiden voittaminen.
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
As a nation makes the transition from communism to democracy or another form of authoritarianism, its regime must construct not only new political institutions, but also a new political ideology that can guide policy and provide a sense of mission. The new ideology is crucial for legitimacy at home and abroad, as well as the regime's long-term viability. Comparing postcommunist regimes, with a focus on Russia under Putin and post-Deng China, Cheng Chen investigates the factors that affect the success of an ideology-building project and identifies the implications for international affairs. Successful ideology-building requires two necessary —but not sufficient —conditions. The regime must establish a coherent ideological repertoire that takes into account the nation's ideological heritage and fresh surges of nationalism. Also, the regime must attract and maintain a strong commitment to the emerging ideology among the political elite. Drawing on rich primary sources, including interviews, surveys, political speeches, writings of political leaders, and a variety of publications, Chen identifies the major obstacles to ideology-building in modern Russia and China and assesses their respective long-term prospects. Whereas creating a new regime ideology has been a protracted and difficult process in China, it has been even more so in Russia. The ability to forge an ideology is not merely a domestic concern for these two nations, but a matter of international import as these two great powers move to assert and extend their influence in the world.
European Union : the basics
Keywords in Australian politics
On literary worlds
Power and decision in Europe : the political institutions of the European Commynity
Chains of justice : the global rise of state institutions for human rights
Institutions and governance in developing countries
Early Islamic institutions : administration and taxation from the Caliphate to the Umayyads and ʻAbbasids
The popes : a history
Artists at work : second Baltic international seminar 26-28 October 2000 / edited by Sarah Martin and Sune Nordgren
The sociology book : big ideas, simply explained
The great degeneration : how institutions decay and economies die
Local agency, involvement and initiative in biodiversity conservation in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
Stubborn Swedes : the persistence of the Swedish corporate governance system under international reform
The pattern of England. Book two
Thrace in the Graeco-Roman world : proceedings of the 10th International Congress of Thracology, Komotini - Alexandroupolis, 18-23 October, 2005 = Hē Thrakē ston Hellēno-Rōmaïko kosmo : praktika tou 10ou Diethnous Synedriou Thrakologias, Komotēnē-Alexandroupole, 18-23 Oktōvriou 2005
Rules and institutions
Implementing the European Union emissions trading in Germany and Finland
Dialogue forum between the civil societies and government institutions of Mexico and the European Union
The New administration of aesthetics
Public opinion about the functioning of social institutions
On the nature of social and institutional reality
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 26
Construction of civil society in Estonia : discursive and institutional changes
Political parties and institutions in Catalonia
Regulating conflicts of interest for holders of public office in the European union : a comparative study of the rules and standards of professional ethics for the holders of public office in the EU-27 and EU institutions
International entrepreneurship in bottom of the pyramid markets : overcoming institutional constraints
The imaginary institution of society
Abstract (1 s.).
The democratization process in post-Dayton Bosnia and Herzegovina and the role of the European Union
Immigration and the constraints of justice : between open borders and absolute sovereignty
Insurance companies promote economic activity by offering savings products and protection against risks. At the same time, insurance companies themselves are also investors. The reliability of insurance business is important for the economy as a whole. The low level of interest rates weakens insurance companies' investment returns and increases the market value of liabilities in the sector; when protracted, this poses problems, particularly for life insurers. Systemic risks in the insurance business have begun to attract attention, especially in consideration of insurance companies' importance as significant institutional investors..
World development report 2002 : building institutions for markets
How institutions think
The politics of small things : the power of the powerless in dark times
French language-spread policy in Europe : European institutions and the 2004 and 2007 Eastern enlargements
Mobilizing institutions - institutionalizing movements
