http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7567 Korean War
Korean War
.
The hunters
Mao's generals remember Korea
Brothers at war : the unending conflict in Korea
The Korean war : an international history
The Korean War is the most comprehensive and detailed bibliography compiled to date on the American involvement in "The Forgotten War." In this revised and expanded second edition, McFarland's clearly written annotations provide concise descriptions of more than 2,600 of the most important books, articles, and documents written in English on the conflict in Korea. Key topics include origins of the war; the political and military roles of North and South Korea, the United States, the Soviet Union, China, Great Britain, Canada, Australia, South Africa, Turkey, and other United Nations members; campaigns and battles; weapons and uniforms; and the military and diplomatic aspects of the war. Specific subjects are easy to find using the index organized by topic and author, making The Korean War a necessity for every academic or research library.
When the major powers sent troops to the Korean peninsula in June of 1950, it supposedly marked the start of one of the last century's bloodiest conflicts. In volume 1, Allan Millett, however, reveals that the Korean War actually began with partisan clashes two years earlier and had roots in the political history of Korea under Japanese rule, 1910-1945. In volume 2, he shifts his focus to the twelve-month period from North Korea's invasion of South Korea on June 25, 1950, through the end of June 1951 -- the most active phase of the internationalized "Korean War".
The US imperialists started the Korean War
Tank : the battles they fought and the men who drove them, from Flanders to Korea
The Korean war : the first comprehensive account of the historical background and development of the Korean war (1950-53)
Maninbo : peace & war
The Korean War, an annotated bibliography
A comprehensive overview of the Korean War, including biographies and full or excerpted memoirs, speeches, and other source documents.
The Korean War
Words of war : China's foreign policy rhetoric regarding the intervention in the Korean War
To nonviolent political science : from seasons of violence
The front line
Korea in international politics: 1945-1954 : Britain, the Korean War, and the Geneva Conference
Tyranny of the weak : North Korea and the world, 1950-1992
The flight of Jesse Leroy Brown
Last day in Vietnam : a memory
Korean War : biographies
Detail & Scale 25 : B-29 Superfortress. 25
The Korean War : no victors, no vanquished
Child of conflict : the Korean-American relationship, 1943-1953
Korean War : almanac and primary sources
The Dandelion ranch : [The Chosin few]
The Korean War : an international history
Trees on the cliff : a novel of Korea and two stories
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Korea : the unknown war
Becoming Asia : change and continuity in Asian international relations since World War II
The darkest summer : Pusan and Inchon : the battles that saved South Korea and the marines from extinction
The Korean decision (June 24-30, 1950)
Rethinking the Korean war : a new diplomatic and strategic history
The Bridges at Toko-ri
The US imperialists started the Korean war
Lords of the sky : fighter pilots and air combat, from the Red Baron to the F-16
Drawing on archival and other primary sources in Russia, China, the United States, South Korea, Taiwan, and Japan, the author moves beyond national histories to provide the first comprehensive understanding of the Korean War as an international conflict from the perspective of all of the major actors.
This volume provides an overview of the origins, nature and aftermath of the war that was fought in the Korean peninsula between 1950 and 1953. Attention is focused particularly on the first year of the war, which witnessed profound variations in the fortunes of both sides. This includes the initial North Korean attack, China's dramatic entry into the war, and the controversy surrounding the conduct and dismissal of General MacArthur. Lowe also discusses why the signing of an armistice in July 1953 failed to secure a full peace settlement. He brings his discussion right up to date with the developments in Korea since the death of Kim Il Sung in 1994.
War trash
Breakfast with Mao : memoirs of a foreign correspondent
The DMZ : dividing the two Koreas
Rethinking historical injustice and reconciliation in northeast Asia : the Korean experience
Korea : division, reunification, and U.S. foreign policy
MASH : a novel about three army doctors
Enter the dragon : China's undeclared war against the U.S. in Korea, 1950-51
The Korean War in world history
The rainy spell
Voices from the Korean war : personal stories of American, Korean, and Chinese soldiers
Worse than a monolith : alliance politics and problems of coercive diplomacy in Asia
The diplomacy of constraint : Canada, the Korean war, and the United States
Korea : the war before Vietnam
A concise history of modern Korea : from the late nineteenth century to the present
Students and the war in Korea
Documents and materials exposing the instigators of the cicil war in Korea : documents from the archives of the Rhee Syngman government
The war for Korea, 1950-1951 : they came from the north
Who ate up all the shinga? : an autobiographic novel
The domestic politics of Korean unification : debates on the North in the South, 1948-2008
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Mass behavior in battle and captivity : The communist soldier in the Korean war
The dandelion on the Imjin river : a novel
North Korea caught in time : images of war and reconstruction
Presents biographies of twenty-six men and women who participated in or were affected by the Korean War, including politicians, military leaders, journalists, and nurses.
" Ko Un has long been a living legend in Korea, both as a poet and as a person. Allen Ginsberg once wrote, 'Ko Un is a magnificent poet, combination of Buddhist cognoscente, passionate political libertarian, and naturalist historian.' Maninbo (Ten Thousand Lives) is the title of a remarkable collection of poems by Ko Un, filling thirty volumes, a total of 4001 poems containing the names of 5600 people, which took 30 years to complete. Ko Un first conceived the idea while confined in a solitary cell upon his arrest in May 1980, the first volumes appeared in 1986, and the project was completed 25 years after publication began, in 2010. Unsure whether he might be executed or not, he found his mind filling with memories of the people he had met or heard of during his life. Finally, he made a vow that, if he were released from prison, he would write poems about each of them. In part this would be a means of rescuing from oblivion countless lives that would otherwise be lost, and also it would serve to offer a vision of the history of Korea as it has been lived by its entire population through the centuries. A selection from the first 10 volumes of Maninbo relating to Ko Un's village childhood was published in the US in 2006 by Green Integer under the title Ten Thousand Lives. This edition is a selection from volumes 11 to 20, with the last half of the book focused on the sufferings of the Korean people during the Korean War. Essentially narrative, each poem offers a brief glimpse of an individual's life. Some span an entire existence, some relate a brief moment. Some are celebrations of remarkable lives, others recall terrible events and inhuman beings. Some poems are humorous, others are dark commemorations of unthinkable incidents. They span the whole of Korean history, from earliest pre-history to the present time. " -- (Bloodaxe Books)
Coverage of the Korean War by the "New York Times" and "Asahi Shimbun" : foreign policy as the key constraint on the war reporting
The origins of the Korean war : liberation and the emergence of separate regimes 1945-1947
Battleground : the greatest tank duels in history
Detail & Scale 15 : F9F Panther. 15
Undiscovered art from the Korean War : explorations in the collection of Chester and Wanda Chang
Cold War crucible : the Korean Conflict and the postwar world
The Atlas of modern warfare
The Korean War : the West confronts communism 1950-1953
Korea : the lost war
The coldest winter : America and the Korean War
The sound of thunder
China and the world since 1945 : an international history
A History to open the future / : The China-Japan-Korea common history
The making of Northeast Asia
Detail & Scale 10 : B-29 Superfortress. 10
The Korean war
