http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7570 farm economy
farm economy
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
Farm business management : the decision-making process
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
Modelling agricultural production systems using mathematical programming
Farm management : how to achieve your farm business goals
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
From peasant holdings to family farms : impacts of the agricultural depression of the 1880s-1910s on Finnish peasant farming
Measuring tehnological change in agriculture : an application based on the CES production function
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Farm business analysis using benchmarking
DEVELOPMENT PLAN FOR A SMALL-SIZED FARM : Profitable Development Ideas on Products, Services, Marketing Methods and Customer Service for Kettulan Tila 2012-2014
Abstract.
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Whole-farm risk management in arable farming : portfolio methods for farm-specific business analysis and planning
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : case studies from Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India
Responses of silver birch saplings to low soil temperature
Agricultural and food policy
The ACA farmers' handbook 2006.
Addressing the demand for and supply of ecosystem services in agriculture through market-based and target-based policy measures
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
Sustainable farmland management : new transdisciplinary approaches
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
Abstract: Guide to Agricultural Constructing.
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Croatia's EU accession : socio-economic assessment of farm households and policy recommendations
Constructing and negotiating entrepreneurial agency : a social psychological approach to entrepreneurship discourse in the farm context
Organic supply chains for small farmer income generation in developing countries : case studies in India, Thailand, Brazil, Hungary and Africa
Development of agrotourism in Nepal, an alternative to emigration for Nepalese youths : case: Bishram Batika Restaurant
Growing grain on Yorke Peninsula
Computers, electronics and control engineering in agriculture : proceedings
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
Women and farming : changing roles, changing structures
Planning the management of a combined forestry and agricultural firm
Variation in temperature challenges crop production and animal farming. Elevated temperatures are often harmful, though may also open opportunities at high latitudes. Impacts depend on the vulnerability of the object, production system and their resilience to climatic variability. The station-wise temperature observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for a time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to measure the likelihood for: 1) elevated temperatures of a) ≥1 °C above normal for three weeks, b) ≥2 °C above normal for two weeks and c) ≥3 °C above normal for one week, and 2) heatwaves with daily maximum temperature >25 °C for: a) 5 days (short) or b) 14 days (long episode). We also estimated the likelihood of warm winds in the early growing season which may enhance pest migration. We found large spatial and temporal variations in the likelihoods of elevated temperatures with many impacts on crop production, animal farming and welfare. In fact, only 1 °C temperature elevation may already be harmful, though in some cases also beneficial depending on region and vulnerability or adaptation of the object and production system. Though we show only some examples of the potential impacts of temperature variation on high latitude agro-ecosystems, these data are valuable as such for much wider applications in agriculture and beyond that.
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
Farm women : work, farm, and family in the United States
Sampling schemes for monitoring the socio-economics of farm forestry : MOSEFA Concerted Action Project (FAIR-CT96-1414) : proceedings of the MOSEFA Workshop B Trento, Italy 19-22 April 1998
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Economics for farm management extension
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Crop insurance for agricultural development : issues and experience
Agricultural economics and agribusiness
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Suomen kartasto = Atlas of Finland. Appendix 231 (1982), Farming
Income disparities among farm households and agricultural policy : September 3th-5th, 1986, Rennes, France = Disparités de revenu des familles d'agriculteurs et implications pour la politique agricole
Replacement decisions on Finnish dairy farms : toward better economic performance with novel technology and sustainable herds
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
Alternative farm enterprises : a guide to alternative sources of income for the farmer
Family farming : a new economic vision
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Journal of agricultural and resource economics
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Applied farm management
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. 231, Maatilatalous
Statistics on the finances of agricultural and forestry enterprises
Bioenergy entrepreneurship as a tool for rural development  in Northern Finland
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farms
Adoption and use of farm information systems
Opportunities for reducing environmental emissions from forage-based dairy farms
How to farm for profit : practical enterprise analysis
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Farm structure : 1985 survey. Analysis of results (I) : Economic size and other gainful activities
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Taking over the management and ownership of a farm contributes positively to farm growth but little is known about how farmers succeed after the starting phase. We analysed how farmers that have recently started their farm enterprises are going to develop their farms and how do they differ from more experienced farmers in some key farm management areas. Data were collected by postal survey from farmers of the Salo region in South-Western Finland. Farmers were categorized into three different groups according to a combination of their age and experience. Farmers who were in the early phase of taking over a farm had better education and better networks than their older counterparts. Younger farmers considered their networks to be more important than did their senior colleagues. The early phase farmer group invested significantly more and had more liabilities than the other two groups. Moreover, early phase farmers were the most active at developing their farms. The late phase farmers were the least active, even when they knew they were going to transfer their farm to next generation within the next few years. Farms should be developed continuously in order to improve the viability of whole farming sector.
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
Changing the risk at the margin : smallholder farming and public policy in developing countries
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Modern dairy production is inevitably associated with impacts to the environment and the challenge for the industry today is to increase production to meet growing global demand while minimising emissions to the environment. Negative environmental impacts include gaseous emissions to the atmosphere, of ammonia from livestock manure and fertiliser use, of methane from enteric fermentation and manure management, and of nitrous oxide from nitrogen applications to soils and from manure management. Emissions to water include nitrate, ammonium, phosphorus, sediment, pathogens and organic matter, deriving from nutrient applications to forage crops and/or the management of grazing livestock. This paper reviews the sources and impacts of such emissions in the context of a forage-based dairy farm and considers a number of potential mitigation strategies, giving some examples using the farm-scale model SIMSDAIRY. Most of the mitigation measures discussed are associated with systemic improvements in the efficiency of production in dairy systems. Important examples of mitigations include: improvements to dairy herd fertility, that can reduce methane and ammonia emissions by up to 24 and 17%, respectively; diet modification such as the use of high sugar grasses for grazing, which are associated with reductions in cattle N excretion of up to 20% (and therefore lower N losses to the environment) and potentially lower methane emissions, or reducing the crude protein content of the dairy cow diet through use of maize silage to reduce N excretion and methane emissions; the use of nitrification inhibitors with fertiliser and slurry applications to reduce nitrous oxide emissions and nitrate leaching by up to 50%. Much can also be achieved through attention to the quantity, timing and method of application of nutrients to forage crops and utilising advances made through genetic improvements.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Agriculture in world history
Non-farm income of farmers and part-time farming : a survey of problems and possibilities regarding Finnish conditions
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok 2011 = Yearbook of farm statistics 2011.
2009 organic farm management handbook
Market-oriented farming : an overview
Generational Transition on a Farm
Farm planning and control
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2015
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2001 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
The role of the farm management specialist in extension
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Farms of northern Finland
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Farm business management : the core skills
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Farm business management: analysis of farming systems
Animal welfare and economics in beef production
Strategic objectives and development plans of beginning farmers
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Entrepreneurship in farming
Profitable organic farming
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: I Elevated temperatures
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2002 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
B.E.A.R. : budgeting enterprises and analysing risk
Coping with risk in agriculture
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
Agrarian world market and Finnish farm economy : the agrarian transition in Finland in late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries
The farm office
Economic & business principles in farm planning & production
"This paper reviews case studies on smallholder seed enterprises in Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India, as well as relevant world literature in order to identify key issues that facilitate or constrain the development of the seed factor. The final section provides some guidelines on policy design and implementation to promote the development of sustainable seed enterprises at different stages in the evolution of national seed factors. It provides examples of good practices and hence seeks to assist governments in identifying ways in which they can support the development of smallholder seed enterprises that will provide the most appropriate varieties to smallholder farmers in their efforts to boost food production."--Provided by publisher
