http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7575 routers
routers
Advanced Linux networking
Cisco networking academy program : engineering journal and workbook. Volume 2
CCNA : cisco certified network associate: study guide
Network routing basics : understanding IP routing in Cisco systems
Cisco Secure Internet security solutions
QoS for IP/MPLS networks
Cisco networking academy program : second-year companion guide
CCNA : Cisco certified network associate : study guide
Switching basics and intermediate routing CCNA 3 : companion guide
CCIE routing and switching exam certification guide
CCNA routing and switching practice and study guide : exercises, activities, and scenarios to prepare for the ICND2 (200-101) certification exam
Internet routing architectures
neighbors and combined with local trust information to derive a final trust metric to make routing decisions. The properties of interest include the computational and communicational overhead the approach creates and the typical scenarios, where the BGP speaker prefers some trusted routes over the shortest routes.
SAMS teach yourself Cisco routers in 21 days
OSPF : anatomy of an Internet routing protocol
Campus network design fundamentals
Routing and switching essentials : course booklet
CCNA Cisco certified network associate : study guide (exam 640-801)
Context aware monitoring scheme for detecting malicious nodes in mobile ad hoc networks
Grid computing : a practical guide to technology and applications
CCNP BSCI exam certification guide : self-study
Routing TCP/IP. : Volume II
CCNA command quick reference
Designing large-scale LANs
AAA identity management security
Introduction to Cisco router configuration
LAN switching and wireless : CCNA exploration labs and study guide
Routing TCP/IP. Volume 2
Network on chip routing algorithms
CCNP Cisco networking academy program : multilayer switching companion guide
CCNA : Cisco certified network associate study guide
CCNP ROUTE portable command guide
Remote operation of the IXIA Traffic Generator
Deploying next generation multicast-enabled applications : label switched multicast for MPLS VPNs, VPLS, and wholesale Ethernet
Cisco internetwork troubleshooting
Ethernet networks : design, implementation, operation, management
Content networking fundamentals
Routers and routing basics : CCNA 2 companion guide
Local networks and the Internet
Ethernet networking for the small office and professional home office
Cisco network security troubleshooting handbook
Abstract: Deploying an open source router. At the center of every network there is a router and a router is used to connect one network to another network. So a router has the responsibility of routing packets across different networks. The networks where this traffic is routed can either be located within the same proximity as that of the router or it can be miles away, for instance in another country. The aim of this project was to deploy an open source router and then customize it to carry out the exact role of commercial routers, which is to route traffic between networks. Various IP routing protocols such as RIP and OSPF were tested and in order to carry out this, a small local area network comprising of two routers and two PCs were designed. In order to experiment with this project various software and devices were needed. Some of the software needed to be downloaded and installed onto four PCs, two PCs of which were installed with an open source routing router (Quagga) and the operating system running on the PCs was the  Ubuntu Server 11.10 Server edition. The issue of compatibility between the operating system and  open-source routing router was the key point as to why Quagga and Ubuntu 11.10 server edition were chosen. The same deployment can be fully implemented by small startup companies when designing their networks. The outcome of the project showed that an open-source routing routers can be installed, configured and customized to carry out the intended purpose in a network, that is to route traffic between networks. In addition to that IP routing protocols (OSPF, RIP) worked well as expected though few problems for instance, RIPv1 worked well as compared to RIPv2 which had some shortcoming in terms of security. However the general goal of routing packets via open-source routing router (Quagga) was achieved and such project can be implemented in small companies.
CCNP Cisco networking academy program : semester five lab companion : advanced routing
Voice, video and data network convergence : architecture and design, from VoIP to wireless
Extending Noxim for task-mapping applications
IPV6 rollout to TeliaSoneras finnish ip-network
Wan technologies CCNA 4 labs and study guide
Cisco Networking Academy Program : CCNA 1 and 2 lab companion
Computer networking with Internet protocols and technology
Cisco networking academy program : lab companion. Vol. 2.
IP routing
Cisco Cookbook
Deploying an open source router : Quagga
Femtocells : opportunities and challenges for business and technology
Cisco networking academy program : lab companion. Volume 1
IPv6 Rollout To TeliaSonera’s Finnish IP-Network
Design and simulation of a router for a network-on-chip system
CCNP self-study : building scaleable cisco internetworks (BSCI)
Upgrading the campus network to layer-3
Internetworking IPv6 with cisco routers
Routing and scheduling in wireless mesh networks : introduction, survey, and new approaches
CCNA routing and switching ICND2 200-105 official cert guide
Enabling IP routing with Cisco routers
IP routing protocols : RIP,OSPF,BGP,PNNI, and Cisco routing protocols
Router trust management in autonomous systems of the Internet
Wireless sensor networks : principles and practice
Cisco : a beginner's guide
Advanced Cisco router configuration
Cisco networking academy program : first-year companion guide
Network simulation experiments manual
Location management and routing in mobile wireless networks
CCNA self-study CCNA INTRO exam certification guide
This thesis was part of a development program coordinated by the Finnish Defense Forces. This program includes several development projects for military communication systems.    The purpose of this thesis was to examine precise oscillators for ensuring the synchronization of communication systems. General oscillator techniques and theory were studied. This thesis deals with the oscillator technologies and the implementation of precise oscillator prototype.    The main design targets of the oscillator unit were high accuracy, compatibility with a tactical router, small size and usability. The oscillator unit can be used with a tactical router or as a stand-alone precise clock source. The prototype of an oscillator unit was planned, developed and tested in this project.    The oscillator unit includes a GPS synchronized precise atomic clock, a microcontroller, control logic and interface circuits. The oscillator unit has also interfaces for oscillator control and testing.    The chip scale atomic clock is a precise timing source. GPS system is the main timing source of the router. The oscillator acts as a secondary timing source of the tactical router. Further development ideas were presented in order to increase the performance of the oscillator unit. Key words: tactical router, oscillator, synchronization, timing.
Network your computers & devices: step by step
Networking basics : CCNA 1 companion guide
BGP design and implementation
CCNP remote access exam certification guide
CCNP practical studies: routing
Data networks : routing, security and performance optimization
CCNP : support study guide
CCNA exam notes : Cisco certified network associate
CCNP Cisco networking academy program : remote access companion guide
Linux routers : a primer for network administrators
Routing algorithms in survivable telecommunication networks
CCNP : building Cisco Remote Access networks exam 640-505
Linksys WRT54G : ultimate hacking
CCIE : Cisco certified internetwork expert : study guide
CCENT/CCNA ICND1 100-105 official cert guide
Delivering voice over IP networks
Definitive MPLS network designs
Analysis and development of partial adaptive routing algorithms for networks-on-chip
Voice over IP Fundamentals
CCNP BSCI exam certification guide : CCNP self-study
Using a precise clock oscillator for ensuring timing of telecommunication network
Trusted controlled routing for Internet
Routing protocols companion guide
CCNA Cisco certified network associate : study guide
Network algorithmics : an interdisciplinary approach to designing fast networked devices
Internetworking device testing : a firewall engine case study
The complete handbook of the internet. Volume 1
Cisco IOS 12.0 switching services
Cisco systems networking academy : first-year companion guide
Cisco IOS in a nutshell
Juniper MX series : a comprehensive guide to trio technologies on the MX
Cisco IOS : solutions for network protocols. 1, IP
Cisco networking academy program : engineering journal and workbook. Volume 1
Deploying an Open Source Router   :  Quagga
The Internet and its protocols : a comparative approach
Designing addressing architectures for routing and switching
Building Cisco multilayer switched networks
CCNP route 642-902 : quick reference
Cooperative networking
1,001 CCNA Routing and Switching Practice Questions For Dummies
Computer incident response and product security
Optical WDM networks : principles and practice
Routing in optical wide-area networks
Scaling networks : lab manual
Cisco Networking Academy program : CCNA 3 and 4 : engineering journal and workbook
Foundations of Python network programming : the comprehensive guide to building network applications with Python
Cisco networking for dummies
Network routing : algorithms, protocols, and architectures
"Provides detailed information on existing Multicast and MVPN standards, referred to as Next-Generation Multicast based standards, Multicast Applications, and case studies with detailed configurations"--
Cisco Networking Academy Program : first-year companion guide
Release test plan for Nokia wireless router program
Designing for CISCO internetwork solutions (DESGN) : Foundation learning guide
CCNA ICND2 : official exam certification guide
Multimedia multicast on the Internet
Sams teach yourself TCP/IP in 24 hours
CCNA self-study : CCNA certification library : the official self-study test preparation package for the Cisco CCNA 640-801, ICND 640-811 and INTRO 640-821 exams. CCNA ICND : exam certification guide
Routing protocols : CCNA exploration labs and study guide
Hybrid mesh-ring network-on-chip with adaptive routing
CCNP Cisco networking academy program: semester five companion guide : advanced routing
Practical BGP
Routing and switching essentials v6 : companion guide
