http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7586 social history
social history
Empire in wood : a history of the Carpenters Union
The frenzy of renown : fame & its history
Enterprise and exploitation in a Victorian colony : aspects of the economic and social history of colonial Natal
Agricultural specialisation and rural patterns of development
"Americans have long regarded the freedom of travel a central tenet of citizenship. Yet, in the United States, freedom of movement has historically been a right reserved for whites. In this book, Elizabeth Stordeur Pryor shows that African Americans fought obstructions to their mobility over 100 years before Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat on a Montgomery bus. These were "colored travelers," activists who relied on steamships, stagecoaches, and railroads to expand their networks and to fight slavery and racism. This book tells the story of how the basic act of traveling emerged as a front line in the battle for African American equal rights before the Civil War"--
Circles and lines : the shape of life in early America
A winter in Nepal
Valmiki Ramayana and south Indian sociology
Madness and civilization : a history of insanity in the age of reason
An economic and social history of Europe, 1890-1939
The Wolfenden Report of 1957 has long been recognized as a landmark in moves towards gay law reform. What is less well known is that the testimonials and written statements of the witnesses before the Wolfenden Committee provide by far the most complete and extensive array of perspectives we have on how homosexuality was understood in mid-twentieth century Britain. Those giving evidence, individually or through their professional associations, included a broad cross-section of official, professional and bureaucratic Britain: police chiefs, policemen, magistrates, judges, lawyers and Home Office civil servants; doctors, biologists (including Alfred Kinsey), psychiatrists, psychoanalysts and psychotherapists; prison governors, medical officers and probation officers; representatives of the churches, morality councils and progressive and ethical societies; approved school headteachers and youth organization leaders; representatives of the army, navy and air force; and a small handful of self-described but largely anonymous homosexuals. This volume presents an annotated selection of their voices.
Museums and innovations
The new dominion : a social and political history of New Zealand 1918-39
Culture and environment : the training of critical awareness
A dictionary of British social history
Armchair nation : an intimate history of Britain in front of the TV
Serving Victoria : life in the Royal Household
Illustrated English social history. Volume one : Chaucer's England and the early Tudor's
Russia : a social history
Household politics : Montreal families and postwar reconstruction
Studies in the social history of modern Egypt
Antisemitism : the oldest hatred
European society in upheaval
Historical research
Unruly masses : the other side of fin-de-siècle Vienna
The eighteenth century : 1688-1815
Across the Danube : southeastern Europeans and their travelling identities (17th-19th c.)
"Our crowd" : the great Jewish families of New York
Children of the city : at work and at play
Exploring the Scottish past : themes in the history of Scottish society
Making America : a history of the United States
Negroes in American society
Concubinage and servitude in late imperial China
A history of the Scottish people, 1560-1830
Economic expansion and social change : England 1500-1700.. Vol. 1, People, land and towns
Ghana on the go : African mobility in the age of motor transportation
Modern Britain : a social history 1750-1997
Parish life in eighteenth-century Scotland : a review of the old statistical account
Village England : a social history of the countryside
Concubinage and Servitude in Late Imperial China is a survey of the institutions and practice of concubinage and servitude in both the general populace and the imperial palace in Ming-Qing China, focusing on an examination on political and socioeconomic history through the lives of this particular group of distinct, yet associated, individuals.
A 1950s housewife : marriage and homemaking in the 1950s
Sexuality in Greek and Roman culture
French society 1789-1970
European civilization in a comparative perspective : a study in the relations between culture and social structure
Ireland : a social and cultural history 1922-2002
English social history : a survey of six centuries : Chaucer to Queen Victoria
Life in Ontario : a social history
Inconvenient people : lunacy, liberty, and the mad-doctors in Victorian England
Something of the night : a journey into the darkness of The British Isles
Stitches in time : the story of the clothes we wear
Labour History Review
The astronaut wives club : a true story
Fanny and Stella : the young men who shocked Victorian England
The social history of the archive : record-keeping in early modern Europe
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
Modern Britain : a social history 1750-1985
English social history in the making : the Tudor revolution
The blackest streets : the life and death of a Victorian slum
Politics and political change : a Journal of Interdisciplinary History reader
Mad men unbuttoned : a romp through 1960s America
"A humorous book about history's worst plagues from the Antonine Plague, to leprosy, to polio and the heroes who fought them In 1518, in a small town in France, Frau Troffea began dancing and didn't stop. She danced herself to her death six days later, and soon thirty-four more villagers joined her. Then more. In a month more than 400 people had died from the mysterious dancing plague. In late-nineteenth-century England an eccentric gentleman founded the No Nose Club in his gracious townhome a social club for those who had lost their noses, and other body parts, to the plague of syphilis for which there was then no cure. And in turn-of-the-century New York, an Irish cook caused two lethal outbreaks of typhoid fever, a case that transformed her into the notorious Typhoid Mary and led to historic medical breakthroughs.  Throughout time, humans have been terrified and fascinated by the plagues they've suffered from. Get Well Soon delivers the gruesome, morbid details of some of the worst plagues in human history, as well as stories of the heroic figures who fought to ease their suffering. With her signature mix of in-depth research and upbeat storytelling, and not a little dark humor, Jennifer Wright explores history's most gripping and deadly outbreaks."--
Journey into sexuality : an exploratory voyage
Understanding America : the anatomy of an exceptional nation
The New Testament in its social environment
The social & economic history of the Roman empire. Volume I
Colored travelers : mobility and the fight for citizenship before the Civil War
Wolfenden's witnesses : homosexuality in postwar Britain
A time chart of social history
A social history of the American negro : being a history of the negro problem in the United States including a history and study of the Republic of Liberia
The state in Myanmar
Abstract: Seven conceptions of liberty.
A brief history of death
Get well soon : history's worst plagues and the heroes who fought them
Europe in the era of social transformation 1700 - present
Our cheating hearts : love and loyalty, lust and lies
The state of the poor
Social forces in American history
Crisis and development : an ecological case study of the forest of Arden, 1570-1674
People of New France
Containing the poor : the Mexico City Poor House, 1774-1871
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
Yesterday's countryside : country life as it really was
What, exactly, was the Charity Organization Society? Was it a cluster of affluent women imposing their moral propriety on the poor in the early 20th Century? Or was it the first concerted effort to professionalize previously random, subjective allocations of benefits and entitlements? This book will help researchers explore systematically such fascinating questions and debates in social work and social welfare history.   Mastering how to pose historical questions is as essential as finding the answers. This book, from its wide-ranging coverage of historiographic theory to detailed guidelines for conducting oral history and archival research, offers clear and practical research tools: how to design a study, select primary sources, understand the vocabulary of archives, determine useful secondary sources, and analyze them all. The book also features a guide to archives and special collections that details their holdings, access and locations, and research grants - essential knowledge for any researcher.   The thrill of stumbling across unexplored data in the stacks of a library is notorious. Now, this clearly written pocket guide will help established scholars as well as doctoral students get the most out of historical data.
Illustrated English social history. 3, The eighteenth century
Encyclopedia of social history
Some aspects of the multilingualism of Estonian Jews
The birth of Korean cool : how one nation is conquering the world through pop culture
Languages at war : policies and practices of language contacts in conflict
A social history of England
Reshaping rural England : a social history, 1850-1925
The measure of civilisation : how social development decides the fate of nations
Dangerous days in Elizabethan England : a history of the terrors and the torments, the dirt, diseases and deaths suffered by our ancestors
Forces of habit : drugs and the making of the modern world
Silences & images : the social history of the classroom
Theoretical methods in social history
A social history of modern Spain
Sex & punishment : four thousand years of judging desire
A people's history of sports in the United States : 250 years of politics, protest, people, and play
Living economic and social history : historians explain their interest in, and the nature of, their subject : essays to mark the 75th anniversary of the Economic History Society
A short history of the American Negro
Globe : life in Shakespeare's London
The Scottish nation 1700-2000
The nights of labor : the worker's dream in nineteenth-century France
The condition of the working class in England : from personal observation and authentic sources
Europe on the move : war and population changes, 1917-47
As undisputed leader of the Soviet Union, Joseph Stalin was directly responsible for the deaths of up to 60 million of his fellow citizens, a truly horrific figure which confirms him as one of the most notorious mass murderers in history. But Stalin not only waged war against his own people, he and his successors regarded nature as an enemy that could be overcome by the might of Soviet technology and the brute force of slave labor. The building of vast networks of canals and the diversion of major rivers has created untold environmental damage, whilst Soviet nuclear and biological weapons programs contaminated vast areas and caused unimaginable agony for human and animal life. In this book, Struan Stevenson travels to the former Soviet republics of Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgystan, and Tajikistan. From the Semipalatinsk region of east Kazakhstan, where over 600 nuclear tests were carried out between 1949 and 1990, to the Aral Sea, the desiccation of which has reduced what was the world's fourth largest inland body of water to half the size it was just 50 years ago, he presents a grim catalogue of environmental catastrophe. As well as talking with those whose lives continue to be cruelly affected by this terrible legacy, he also meets those who are trying to deal with its wider consequences as it threatens to impact far beyond the steppes of Central Asia. Despite almost insurmountable challenges, however, there ultimately is a strong message of hope as both local and international organizations face up to the effects of disastrous and inhuman Soviet policies.
Social policy 1830-1914 : individualism, collectivism and the origins of the welfare state
Marlene LeGates has written a thorough, lively and accessible overview of Western feminist movements from the Middle Ages through to the latter twentieth century. With each chapter containing a timeline and brief excerpts from primary source documents, the text serve as an ideal basis for a history of feminism or women's studies course, or as a supplementary text in a broader women's history or western civilization course. LeGates addresses such topics as sexual morality and the role of female visionaries in early Christian society, women's roles in utopian movements, revolutions in the early modern period, and suffrage and the second wave in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. The geographical scope of the book is also unique; it includes material on feminism from continental Europe, Great Britain, the United States, Canada and Latin America.
The social history of Byzantium
Through the eye of a needle : wealth, the fall of Rome, and the making of Christianity in the West, 350-550 AD
Everyday things in American life : 1607-1776
The roots of evil : a social history of crime and punishment
The Italian renaissance : culture and society in Italy
The private lives of the Tudors : uncovering the secrets of Britain's greatest dynasty
Portraiture & photography in Africa
Night comes to the Cumberlands : a biography of a depressed area
Electric shock : from the gramophone to the iPhone : 125 years of pop music
Social history of Tibet, China : documented and illustrated
The American peace movement and social reform, 1898-1918
"The turn of the century was a time of explosive growth for American cities, a time of nascent hopes and apparently limitless possibilities. In Children of the City, David Nasaw re-creates this period in our social history from the vantage point of the children who grew up then. Drawing on hundreds of memoirs, autobiographies, oral histories and unpublished--and until now unexamined--primary source materials from cities across the country, he provides us with a warm and eloquent portrait of these children, their families, their daily lives, their fears, and their dreams. Illustrated with 68 photographs from the period, many never before published, Children of the City offers a vibrant protrait of a time when our cities and our grandparents were young." --Information provided by the publisher.
Sweden in the eighteenth-century world : provincial cosmopolitans
Authority and benevolence : social welfare in China
Culture and society in Britain 1850-1890 : a source book of contemporary writings
The forming of the charitable institutions of the west of England; a study of the changing pattern of social aspirations in Bristol and Somerset, 1480-1660
A history of American life. Volume 3, Provincial society 1690-1763
Voices from the railways : how the railways changed our lives
The making of home
The world we have lost
The countryside in the age of capitalist transformation : essays in the social history of rural America
Stalin's legacy : the Soviet war on nature
The English village : history and tradition
Life in 1940s London
The porcelain thief : searching the Middle Kingdom for buried China
The streets of London through centuries
Australia : a social and political history
England's apprenticeship : 1603-1763
France and the French : a modern history
An economic and social history of Britain 1760-1970
Dirty old London : the Victorian fight against filth
Eighteenth-century Sweden was deeply involved in the process of globalisation: ships leaving Sweden's central ports exported bar iron that would drive the Industrial Revolution, whilst arriving ships would bring not only exotic goods and commodities to Swedish consumers, but also new ideas and cultural practices with them. At the same time, Sweden was an agricultural country to a large extent governed by self-subsistence, and - for most - wealth was created within this structure. This volume brings together a group of scholars from a range of disciplinary backgrounds who seek to present a more nuanced and elaborated picture of the Swedish cosmopolitan eighteenth century. Together they paint a picture of Sweden that is more like the one eighteenth-century intellectuals imagined, and help to situate Sweden in histories of cosmopolitanism of the wider world.
Changes in socio-economic and class structure
An acre of barren ground
The button box : lifting the lid on women's lives
This book offers new interpretations of the cultural and historical roles of photography in Africa. Twelve leading scholars look at early photographs, important photographers' studios, the uses of portraiture in the 19th century, and the current passion for portraits in Africa. They review a variety of topics, including what defines a common culture of photography, the social and political implications of changing technologies for portraiture, and the lasting effects of culture on the idea of the person depicted in the photographic image
Strikes, wars, and revolutions in an international perspective : strike waves in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries
Theory and practice of the welfare state in Europe in 20th century
Daughters of the vale of tears : ethnographic approach with socio-historical and religious emphasis to family welfare in the Messianic Jewish Movement in Ukraine 2000
A study of American influences in the Finnish trade union movement from 1890 to 1920
Illustrated English social history. Volume three : The eighteenth century
The death of Mao : the Tangshan earthquake and the birth of the New China
Medieval & Renaissance interiors in illuminated manuscripts
The collected essays of Christopher Hill. Volume 3, People and ideas in 17th century England
Things Chinese
Defining All-Israel in Chronicles : multi-levelled identity negotiation in late Persian-period Jehud
Gay New York : the making of the gay male world, 1890-1940
Illustrated English social history. 1, Chaucer's England and the early Tudors
The 33 strategies of war
In this book, Louis C. Jonker considers more sophisticated and nuanced models for applying the heuristic lens of "identity" in the interpretation of the Hebrew Bible book of Chronicles. Not only does he investigate the potential and limitations of different sociological models for this purpose, but the author also provides a more nuanced analysis of the socio-historical-context of origin of late Persian period biblical literature by distinguishing between four levels of socio-historic existence in this period. It is shown that varying power relations were in operation on these different levels which contributed to a multi-levelled process of identity negotiation. Louis C. Jonker shows the value of the chosen methodological approach in his analysis of Chronicles, but also suggests that it holds potential for the investigation of other Hebrew Bible corpora. - from dust jacket.
The ugly Renaissance
British society since 1945
Centuries of childhood : a social history of family life
The family on trial : special relationships in modern political thought
A natural history of ghosts : 500 years of hunting for proof
1965 : the year modern Britain was born
In their time : a history of feminism in Western society
London : the story of a great city / Jerry White
The art of the bribe : corruption under Stalin, 1943-1953
Making social citizenship : conceptual practices from the Finnish poor law to professional social work
Work, sex and power : the forces that shaped our history
Inescapable horizon : culture and context
The social & economic history of the Roman empire. Volume II
The roar of the twenties
Land reform and social revolution in Bolivia
A history of American labor
Noise : a human history of sound and listening
A social history of England 1851-1975
How to be a Victorian
Illustrated English social history. Volume one : Chaucer's England and early Tudors
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
The Cambridge social history of Britain 1750-1950. Vol. 1, Regions and communities
Bricks & mortals : ten great buildings and the people they made
Beyond welfare state models : transnational historical perspectives on social policy
Daily life in Russia under the last tsar
Śaṅgam polity : the administration and social life of the Śaṅgam Tamils
English social history : a survey of six centuries, Chaucer to Queen Victoria
Zhongguo shehui lishi pinglun = China Social History Review. 6
Chinese outcasts : discrimination and emancipation in late imperial China
Born to be wild : the rise of the American motorcyclist
Le waqf dans l'espace islamique outil de pouvoir socio-politique = Al-waqf fī al-'ālam al-islāmī : adāt sultat iǧtimā'īya wa siyāsīya
Iron, steam & money : the making of the industrial revolution
The social history of religion in Scotland since 1730
Emphasising the significance of foreign languages at the centre of war and conflict, this book argues that 'foreignness' and foreign languages are key to our understanding of what happens in war. Through case studies the book traces the role of languages in intelligence, military deployment, soldier/civilian meetings, occupation and peace building.
A social history of England 1851-1990
Eavesdropping on Jane Austen's England : how our ancestors lived two centuries ago
In agricultural history, specialisation is usually considered as progress, turning peasants into market-orientated farmers and allowing them to escape from self-sufficiency. Recent developments in the field of productivist agriculture and the recent rise of alternative agriculture cast doubt on this conventional concept of agricultural specialisation. Several questions arise: Did specialisation necessarily mean that farms concentrated on a single product? Was it always a great step forward? Did it occur in the same form in earlier centuries as in contemporary economies? The chapters of this book draw attention to several factors relevant to processes of specialisation, such as markets, transport, and the natural environment. The contributions deal with regions in 10 countries of Europe, from Sweden to Spain and from England to Bulgaria, and with periods between the seventeenth and the twentieth centuries. They suggest several conclusions. Specialisation can take place in various forms, ranging from focussing on a single major cash crop to giving preference to a combination of products. This is true both at the level of an individual farm as at a regional level. Specialisation did not always improve the farmers standard of living. And it was neither a linear nor an irreversible process. This can be observed in periods of war, but also in recent developments in post-communist countries.
Corsets and codpieces : a social history of outrageous fashion
Illustrated English social history. Volume four : The nineteenth century
Modern Japan : a social and political history
The good old times : the romance of humble life in England
