http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7589 labour law
labour law
Labour law in English
Soviet employee's rights in law
Principles of employment law
Legal and contractual limitations to working-time in the European Community member states
Essentials of industrial law
Employee rights and industrial justice
The international labour code 1951 : a systematic arrangement of the conventions and recommendations adopted by the International Labour Conference, 1919-1951. Vol. 1, Code
Doing business in Peru : the new legal framework
Fundamental rights of migrants in an irregular situation in the European Union
Economics of labor and employment law
Job creation and labour law : from protection towards pro-action
Just a number : an international legal analysis on age discrimination
A practical guide to equal employment opportunity. Vol. 2
Employment discrimination law : cases and materials : 1999 case and statutory supplement
The European employment strategy : labour market regulation and new governance
Employment law : 1998 pocket part. Vol. 1, Chapters 1-6
Human rights at work : perspectives on law and regulation
Fundamental labour rights in China : legal implementation and cultural logic
Power, dominance and the invisible practice of privilege : saving the other in the world of aid. The self-actualization of a development worker in Laos
"China's economic reforms have brought the country both major international clout and widespread domestic prosperity. At the same time, the reforms have led to significant social upheaval, particularly manifest in labour relations. Each year, several hundred thousand disputes break out over working conditions, many of them violent, and the Chinese state has responded with both legal and political strategies. This book investigates how Chinese governments have used law, and other forms of regulation, to govern working conditions and combat labour disputes"--
Labour law in Russia
Workerś participation : influence on management decision - making by labour in the private sector
Violations of children's rights in armed conflicts : international treaties, observations by peacekeepers and crisis management training in Finland
Working environment and economic incentives : Nordic seminar with Poland, Hungary and Czechoslovakia
Law, society, and industrial justice
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Employee participation and collective bargaining in Europe and China
Rapports suisses présentés au XVIême Congrês international de droit comparé : Swiss reports presented at the XVlth International congress of comparative law : Brisbane, 14 au 20 juillet 2002.. P. 2.
Labour law in the Netherlands
A guide to the Employment Act 1988
Industrial relations and labour legislation in Finland
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
Zhongguo fazhi fazhan baogao = Annual report on China's rule of law. 7 (2009)
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
European labour law and the EU Charter of fundamental rights
Multilevel governance in enforcement and adjudication
New developments in labour law : towards a hybrid type of labour law?
Dealing with international core labour standards in the WTO : a legal study on the relationship between free trade and labour rights
Discrimination in employment : a study of six countries
Industrial relations in Europe 2006
Rideoutś principles of labour law
Government and labor : the role of government in union-management relations
Finnish labour law in practice [Talentum- verkkokirjahylly]
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Employment law : 1998 pocket part. Vol. 2, Chapters 7-end, table of cases, table of statutes
Law and fair work in China
European labour law and social policy : cases and materials. 1, Social dialogue, industrial relations and labour law
Temporary employment businesses : general problems ; specific problems relating to legal or illegal hiring out of workers across borders
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Equality in respect of employment under legislation and other national standards
China and other emerging actors in Africa
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
Shadows of voluntourism and the connection to orphanage business in Asia and Cambodia
"China's economic reforms have brought the country both major international clout and widespread domestic prosperity. At the same time, the reforms have led to significant social upheaval, particularly manifest in labour relations. Each year, several hundred thousand disputes break out over working conditions, many of them violent, and the Chinese state has responded with both legal and political strategies. This book investigates how Chinese governments have used law, and other forms of regulation, to govern working conditions and combat labour disputes. Starting from its beginnings in the Republican period the book traces the evolution of the law of work in modern China right up to the reforms of the present day. It goes on to consider the structure of Chinese work law, drawing on both Chinese and Western scholarship to provide new insights into its unique features and assess where the law is innovative and where it is stagnant and unresponsive. Finally, the authors explore the various legal and extra-legal techniques successive Chinese governments have adopted to enforce employment law and the responses of firms, workers and organizations to these practices"--
Labor in the United States
Reconciling work and family life in EU law and policy
Labour law and industrial relations in small and medium-sized enterprises in the EEC countries : investigation report
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Law and industrial relations in Sweden
International business : the new realities
New technology - a new labour law? : congress papers presented at the international symposium in Helsinki, 26-28.11.1984
European labour law
Labor laws in the Middle East : tradition in transit
Casebook on industrial law
Labour law in Israel
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis :   an interdisciplinary approach
Protection of employees' claims in the event of employers' insolvency
Employment law. Vol. 1, chapters 1-6
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 15, Chapter 13, Labour law : Representation of employees at plant and enterprise level
A comparative study of the regulation governing the use of fixed-term contracts in three EU member states
Saudi business and labor law : Its interpretation and application
An outline of Soviet labour law
Labor law in China : progress and challenges
Migrants at work : immigration and vulnerability in labour law
International labour standards: The case of freedom to strike : a study prep. for the International Labour Office
Civil rights and employment discrimination law
Variation of terms of employment contracts
Black labor and the American legal system. 1, Race, work, and the law
Workers, employers, and governments : a comparative study of delegations and groups at the International Labour Conference, 1919-1964
Health and safety enforcement : law and practice
UEFA's homegrown player rule in the light of EU law
Bowers on employment law
Foundations of employment discrimination law
The Oxford handbook of justice in the workplace
"This book explores the adoption of 'active ageing' policies by EU15 nations and the impact on older peoples' work and retirement policy options. It explores the labour market policies (including unemployment benefits, active labour market policies and partial pension receipt) and pension policies (pension principles, early retirement and incentives for deferral) adopted by these nations from the mid-1990s onwards, addressing three main questions. First, to what extent was the EU's vision of 'active ageing' adopted in EU15 nations between 1995 and 2010? Second, what was the nature of policy reforms in these nations over this time period? Finally, which sub-groups within the older age cohort were subject to active ageing policies in these countries? The data indicate convergence towards the EU-vision of active ageing is complex, with nations adopting a variety of different reforms and policy mixes, which in turn focus on different groups within the older age cohort." --
Labour law in Britain
Constitution of the International Labour Organisation and standing orders of the International Labour Conference = Constitution de l'Organisation internationale du travail et réglement de la Conférence internationale du travail
Sexual discrimination and sexual harassment in the work place
Labour and employment law in Sweden
Cross-currents in modern Chinese labour law
Employment law : 1997 pocket part. Vol. 2, chapters 1-6, table of cases, table of statutes
The legal environment today : business in its ethical, regulatory, and international setting
Developments in Swedish labour law
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
Labor relations law : cases and materials
Employment practice and policies in youth, community and play work : in pursuit of fairness at work
Are worker rights human rights?
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 15, Labour law : Introduction
Dix and Crump on contracts of employment
Danish law in a European perspective
Cases and materials on employment discrimination
Labour law in Denmark
Labour law : cases and materials
Finnish national reports to the Seventh international congress for labour law and social legislation, Warsaw, 1970
The international labour code 1951 : a systematic arrangement of the conventions and recommendations adopted by the International Labour Conference, 1919-1951
The law of industrial relations
Labour law and industrial relations in France
The employment relationship : a comparative overview
Growth of labor law in the United States
A reform of Swedish labour legislation : terms of reference for a Government Commission of Enquiry, Ministry of Labour and Housing
The new battle over workplace privacy : safe practices to minimize conflict, confusion, and litigation
Challenging the legal boundaries of work regulation
Employment law
Labor law in the Netherlands
Employment discrimination law : cases and materials
The price of rights : regulating international labor migration
Explaining civil society core activism : testing Western theories in post-Soviet Latvia
Employment law : 1997 pocket part. Vol. 1, chapters 1-6
The idea of labour law
Principles of French law
Summary.
Labour and the law
Corporate restructuring and the role of labour law
Workers' rights in the recession
Rights based approaches to development in Ethiopia : theory, application and power dynamics
Report. 1:2, The ratification and implementation of international labour conventions in Africa with special reference to conventions relating to employment policy, forced labour, social policy and labour inspection : report of the director-general
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 15, Chapter 15, Labour law, Strikes, lockouts and other kinds of hostile actions
Employment rights in Britain and in Europe : selected papers in labour law
Protecting migrant workers' human rights : a trade union view
The law of redundancy
The role of government in the settlement of industrial disputes in Canada
The law of employment : A summary of the rights of employers and employees
Swedish labour law report
Employment relationship : a comparative overview
European labour law and social policy : cases and materials. 2, Dignity, equality and security of work
Ten years within the EU - labour law in Sweden and Finland following EU accession
The labor law of the Reople's Republic of China = Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo laodong fa
Labor and employment law in the United States
Labour law in Sweden : a brief outline
Labour law, work, and family : critical and comparative perspectives
Freedom of association of workers and employers in the coutries of the European union
Labour law and industrial relations in Great Britain
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Motivational dialogue : preparing addiction professionals for motivational interviewing practice
Zhongguo fazhi fazhan baogao = Annual report on China's rule of law. 8 (2010)
Your factory and the law
The SAGE handbook of international social work
A practical guide to equal employment opportunity. Vol. 1
Freedom, security, and justice in the European Union : implementation of the Hague Programme
Systems of employee representation at the enterprise : a comparative study
EU annual report on human rights 2008
Law for Business students
Life time contracts : social long-term contracts in labour, tenancy and consumer credit law
Employment law : an introduction
Labor courts and grievance settlement in Western Europe
The worker and the law
Can Germany be saved? : the malaise of the world's first welfare state
Employment discrimination law
A primer on American labor law
Towards international responsibility of transnational corporations
Employment law. Vol. 2, chapters 7-end, appendix, table of cases, table of statutes, index
Labour code : labour codetermination in industry
Active ageing in the European Union : policy convergence and divergence
Labour law in Sweden
Regulating for decent work : new directions in labour market regulation
Japanese labor law
The law of unfair dismissal
Labour law and social Europe : selected writings of Brian Bercusson
New ways to respond to climate change in the Arctic
Access to Finnish law
Introduction to Swiss law
Protection of assets : legal issues
The Labour-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act of 1959: Interpretations and Implications : a symposium
Die Rechtsprechung des Europäischen Gerichtshofs zum Arbeits- und Sozialrecht im Streit = The decisions of the European Court of Justice on labour and social law issues : a controversial debate = La controverse autour de la jurisprudence de la Cour de justice des Communautés européennes sur le droit du travail et le droit social
Management rights and union interests
From needs to competencies : a case study on the integration of a rights based approach into NGO practises
Deontic rights in interaction : a conversation analytic study on authority and cooperation
"This book critically assesses the policy and legislative framework for the reconciliation of work and family life at EU level, and proposes a new way of looking at this complex set of issues based in what the realities are for working families"--Provided by publisher.
World labour rights and their protection
Selected employment law statutes
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
A Finland fit for children : the National Finnish Plan of Action called for the special session on children of the UN General Assembly
The right to strike : a comparative view
Health and safety for engineers
Basic patterns in union contracts
International labour law
Risk Management in Social Work : Preventing Professional Malpractice, Liability, and Disciplinary Action
Critical perspectives on regulation of international financial markets : assessing the possibilities for transatlantic regulatory cooperation
The changing law of the employment relationship : comparative analyses in the European context
The right to be a part of nature : indigenous peoples and the environment
Broadcasting and bargaining : labor relations in radio and television
Finnish labour law report
Many low-income countries and development organizations are calling for greater liberalization of labor immigration policies in high-income countries. At the same time, human rights organizations and migrant rights advocates demand more equal rights for migrant workers. The Price of Rights shows why you cannot always have both. Examining labor immigration policies in over forty countries, as well as policy drivers in major migrant-receiving and migrant-sending states, Martin Ruhs finds that there are trade-offs in the policies of high-income countries between openness to admitting migrant workers and some of the rights granted to migrants after admission. Insisting on greater equality of rights for migrant workers can come at the price of more restrictive admission policies, especially for lower-skilled workers. Ruhs advocates the liberalization of international labor migration through temporary migration programs that protect a universal set of core rights and account for the interests of nation-states by restricting a few specific rights that create net costs for receiving countries. The Price of Rights analyzes how high-income countries restrict the rights of migrant workers as part of their labor immigration policies and discusses the implications for global debates about regulating labor migration and protecting migrants. It comprehensively looks at the tensions between human rights and citizenship rights, the agency and interests of migrants and states, and the determinants and ethics of labor immigration policy.
Principles of labour law
Comprises key legislative instruments on European labour law and social policy, significant associated policy documents, and case-law developed by the European Court of Justice over the past quarter of a century.
Global democracy and exclusion
The right to decent work of persons with disabilities
