http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7585 women's culture
women's culture
Women, popular culture, and the eighteenth century
Myth and materiality in a woman's world : Shetland 1800-2000
Women and romance fiction in the English Renaissance
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Women leadership in Finland : Finnish woman at the top
Twilight zones : the hidden life of cultural images from Plato to O.J
Visual and other pleasures
The Mary of women's epics
Imagining women : cultural representations and gender
Finngymnasts and their native land
A feminist ethnomusicology : writings on music and gender
The female complaint : the unfinished business of sentimentality in American culture
Appreciating diversity - cultural and gender issues
Jane Austen's discourse with new rhetoric
Using questions in casual all-women multiparty conversation
This outstanding collection of fifteen original essays represents innovative work by some of the most influential scholars in the field of women's history. Covering a broad sweep of history from colonial to contemporary times and ranging over the fields of legal, social, political, and cultural history, this book, according to its editors, 'intrudes into regions of the American historical narrative from which women have been excluded or in which gender relations were not thought to play a part.' State formation, power, and knowledge have not traditionally been understood as the subjects of women's history, but they are the themes that permeate this book. Individually and together, the essays explore how gender serves to legitimize particular constructions of power and knowledge and to meld these into accepted practice and state policy. They show how the field of women's history has moved from the discovery of women to an evaluation of social processes and institutions.
Some readings would see Barbie as reproducing ethnicity and gender in a particularly coarse and damaging way - a cultural icon of racism and sexism. Rogers develops a broader, more challenging picture. She shows how the cultural meaning of Barbie is more ambiguous than the narrow, appearance-dominated model that is attributed to the doll. For a start, Barbie's sexual identity is not clear-cut. Similarly her class situation is ambiguous. But all interpretations agree that, with her enormous range of lifestyle 'accessories', Barbie exists to consume.
Come buy, come buy : shopping and the culture of consumption in Victorian women's writing
Material vernaculars : objects, images, and their social worlds
This is the first book which examines the nature and significance of a feminist critique in anthropology. It offers a clear introduction to, and balanced assessment of, the theoretical and practical issues raised by the development of a feminist anthropology. Henrietta Moore situates the development of a feminist approach in anthropology within the context of the discipline, examining the ways in which women have been studied in anthropology - as well as the ways in which the study of gender has influenced the development of the discipline anthropology. She considers the application of feminist work to key areas of anthropological research, and addresses the question of what social anthropology has to contribute to contemporary feminism. Throughout the book Henrietta Moore's analysis is informed by her own extensive fieldwork in Africa and by her concern to develop anthropological theory and method by means of feminist critique. This book will be of particular value to students in anthropology, women's studies and the social sciences.
Hard times : the adult musical in 1970s New York City
Nine black women : an anthology of nineteenth-century writers from the United States, Canada, Bermuda, and the Caribbean
Shadow dynasties : politics of memory and emotions in Pakistani women's life-writing
Beyond the second sex : new directions in the anthropology of gender
The politics of multicultural encounters : feminist postcolonial perspectives
Women's writing in nineteenth-century France
The valley of amazement
Abstracts of the Jyväskylä Congress on Movement and Sport in Women's Life, August 17.-21, 1987, Jyväskylä, Finland
Girls, feminism, and grassroots literacies : activism in the GirlZone
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
Music, gender, and culture
Body matters : essays on the sociology of the body
Offers an intimate glimpse into a unique female community. Liz Dalby, the only non-Japanese woman ever to have trained as a geisha, reveals the realities of geisha life.
Material girls : making sense of feminist cultural theory
Women in nineteenth-century Russia : lives and culture
In conversation with the kolam practice : auspiciousness and artistic experiences among women in Tamilnadu, South India
Caught between cultures : women, writing & subjectivities
This indispensible collection brings together feminist theory and cultural studies, looking at issues such as pop culture and the media, science and technology, and Thatcherism and the Enterprise Culture.
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
Own or other culture
Off-centre : feminism and cultural studies
Read my lips : a cultural history of lipstick
Women's studies on the edge
Time and kinship : representations of temporality among the Piro women of Eastern Peru
This volume presents a variety of perspectives on mothering as a socially-constructed relationship focused on caring and nurturing. Crossing a range of ethnicities and classes, it addresses different ideas and practices of mothering, the need to go beyond biological determinism and "family values", and the conditions and resources of mothering. Since mothering is central to the reproduction of social relations - the main vehicle by which people form their first identities and learn their place in society - it constitutes a contested terrain. This work brings together important voices on the most examined and "essential" aspect of female being.
Women's worlds in seventeenth-century England
Ritual medical lore of Sephardic women : sweetening the spirits, healing the sick
For the love of women : gender, identity and same-sex relations in a Greek provincial town
Questions of power : the politics of women's madness narratives
Mothering : ideology, experience, and agency
The pillow book
A Soprano has no credibility : Joni Mitchell and the rock press (1968-1978)
The witch in history : early modern and twentieth-century representations
Girlhood : a global history
Gender on the market : Moroccan women and the revoicing of tradition
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish letters with feminist approaches
Advertising to women through the internet : a comparative multimodal study between finnish and english
Woman as design : before, behind, between, above, below
Southern Cheyenne women's songs
Gossip, markets and gender : the dialogical construction of morality in Kilimanjaro
Feminism and anthropology
Carved flesh/cast selves : gendered symbols and social practice
From An Affair to Remember to Legally Blonde, "chick flicks" have long been both championed and vilified by women and men, scholars and popular audiences. Like other forms of "chick culture," which the editors define as a group of mostly American and British popular culture media forms focused primarily on twenty- to thirtysomething, middle-class - and frequently college-educated - women, chick flicks have been accused of reinscribing traditional attitudes and reactionary roles for women. On the other hand, they have been embraced as pleasurable and potentially liberating entertainments, assisting women in negotiating the challenges of contemporary life.
Relationships and sacred rituals : heterosexuality as a product of commercials
Starting over : feminism and the politics of cultural critique
Imagining Women presents a highly accessible introduction to the ways in which women have been represented in art, writing and popular culture, and the ways in which women have represented themselves. Exploring the use of language and images, the nature of ideology and the relationship between gender and genre, the authors discuss representation in a variety of different cultural forms, including literature, the visual arts, film, television, pornography, comedy and the theatre. Through the analysis of specific examples, the authors highlight themes which are central to contemporary cultural theory, including the role of the self as creator and active spectator, and the role of feminist criticism in altering traditional frameworks for the production and evaluation of cultural and artistic works. The text is greatly enhanced by the inclusion of many photographs, both colour and black and white, as well as other illustrations.
Ecofeminism : women, culture, nature
For more than a decade Judith Newton has been at the forefront of defining and promoting materialist feminist criticism. Starting Over brings together a selection of her essays that chart the establishment of feminist literary criticism in the academy and its relation to other forms of cultural criticism, including Marxist, post-Marxist, new historicist, and cultural materialist approaches, as well as cultural studies. The essays in Starting Over have functioned as exemplars of interdisciplinary thinking, mapping out the ways in which reading strategies and the constructions of history, culture, identity, change, and agency in various materialist theories overlap, and the ways in which feminist-materialist work both draws upon, revises, and complicates the vision of nonfeminist materialist critiques. They are shaped by an awareness that public knowledge is always informed by the so-called private realm of familial and sexual relations and that cultural criticism must bring together investigations of daily behaviors, economic and social relations, and the dynamics of race, class, gender, and sexual struggle.
Women and world development : an annotated bibliography
Iraqi women in Denmark : ritual performance and belonging in everyday life
Feminist anthropology : a reader
The pillow book of Sei Shōnagon : the diary of a courtesan in tenth century Japan
The globalization reader
Finnish women are highly educated; however, women are still a minority in higher leader positions. The purpose of this thesis was to find new information on women leadership and conceive reasons for the lack of women leaders in Finland. The study also wanted to provide the main barriers for women in their career process. Hopefully, the information which is found in the study may help women understand and find tools to overcome these factors and also encourage and support more women to reach leadership levels. The thesis consists of a theoretical part and an empirical part. Theoretical part included pervious researches, literature and current articles on this topic. Theory familiarizes more closely the definition of leadership, barriers typically in women career process and women in leadership positions. For this research, the qualitative method was chosen as it is the most suitable for the purpose of this study. In the empirical part of this thesis was interviewed three women CEO's from different industries, and they operate in small or medium size organizations. By interviewing women leader in this study reached the current date of women leadership and got valid information on the experiences of women leaders concerning their career process. Based on the interviews and theoretical work it can be stated that most important factors for lack of women leaders in Finland is that women are less interested in leadership positions, organizational culture barriers and the tendency of women to choose education or work tasks that have limited progression possibilities. Interviews also showed that positive and modern organizational culture could increase the number of women leaders in Finland.
Maithil women's tales: storytelling on the Nepal-India border
The desire to desire : the woman's film of the 1940s
Defining females : the nature of women in society
Chick flicks : contemporary women at the movies
Women's history in global perspective
Differences : a journal of feminist cultural studies
Across cultures : the spectrum of women's lives
Indian women : an inner dialogue
Women in sport - sport for women : constructing scenarios and utopias from a women centered perspective
Madonna, Murphy Brown, Thelma and Louise: These much-discussed media icons are the starting points of Suzanna Walter's brilliant, much-needed introduction to feminist cultural theory. Accessible yet theoretically sophisticated, up-to-date and entertaining, Material Girls acquaints readers with the major theories, debates, and concepts in this new and exciting field. With numerous case studies and illustrations, Walters situates feminist cultural theory against the background of the women's movement and media studies. Using examples from film, television, advertising, and popular discourse, she looks at topics such as the "male gaze," narrative theory, and new work on female "ways of seeing" and spectatorship. Throughout, Walters provides a historically grounded account of representations of women in popular culture while critiquing the dominance of psychoanalytic and postmodern analyses.
Bells of change : Kathak dance, women, and modernity in India
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Mappings : feminism and the cultural geographies of encounter
Women in the world : a comparative study
Feminist ethnography and performance. 9-10
Writing women and space : colonial and postcolonial geographies
Beyond the Second Sex is an innovative work that challenges Simone de Beauvoir's notion that women are "the second" in every society. Anthropological inquiry into male-female relations has evolved around debates concerning sexual inequality. Based on original field research, the essays presented in this volume are not concerned with inequality per se. Rather, the authors pose ethnographic and analytical challenges in the assumptions and definitions that, in the past, have supported judgments about sexual equality and inequality. They move away from broad labels and blanket judgments in favor of addressing the conflict, contradictions, and ambiguities that are so often encountered in field research. These essays maintain that, in discussing the cultural construction and representation of gender, the "culture" that is abstracted from field data cannot be separated from a complex, ongoing, and everchanging local process. From this point of view, the editors conclude, the relationship of the sexes to each other is best discussed in terms of the conflicts, tensions, and paradoxes that are at the heart of daily life in many societies.
Gender and folklore : perspectives on Finnish and Karelian culture
Forty traditions for spouses (wives)
Women's folklore, women's culture
Baudrillard's challenge : a feminist reading
Women and Russian culture : projections and self-perceptions
Culture-Biz : locating women as film and book publishing professionals in Europe
Relative values : reconfiguring kinship studies
Doing gender in media, art and culture
Beyond their sex : learned women of the European past
The possible lives of Matleena Herajärvi : a poor woman's position in Northern Finland in the nineteenth century
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
U.S. history as women's history : new feminist essays
"The Female Complaint" is part of Lauren Berlant's groundbreaking 'national sentimentality' project charting the emergence of the U.S. political sphere as an affective space of attachment and identification. In this book, Berlant chronicles the origins and conventions of the first mass-cultural 'intimate public' in the United States, a 'women's culture' distinguished by a view that women inevitably have something in common and are in need of a conversation that feels intimate and revelatory. As Berlant explains, 'women's' books, films, and television shows enact a fantasy that a woman's life is not just her own, but an experience understood by other women, no matter how dissimilar they are. The commodified genres of intimacy, such as 'chick lit, ' circulate among strangers, enabling insider self-help talk to flourish in an intimate public.Sentimentality and complaint are central to this commercial convention of critique; their relation to the political realm is ambivalent, as politics seems both to threaten sentimental values and to provide certain opportunities for their extension. Pairing literary criticism and historical analysis, Berlant explores the territory of this intimate public sphere through close readings of U.S. women's literary works and their stage and film adaptations. Her interpretation of Uncle Tom's "Cabin" and its literary descendants reaches from Harriet Beecher Stowe to Toni Morrison's "Beloved", touching on Shirley Temple, James Baldwin, and "The Bridges of Madison County" along the way.Berlant illuminates different permutations of the women's intimate public through her readings of Edna Ferber's Show Boat; Fannie Hurst's "Imitation of Life"; Olive Higgins Prouty's feminist melodrama "Now, Voyager"; Dorothy Parker's poetry, prose, and Academy Award-winning screenplay for "A Star Is Born"; the Fay Weldon novel and Roseanne Barr film "The Life and Loves of a She-Devil"; and the queer, avant-garde film "Showboat" 1988 - "The Remake". The Female Complaint is a major contribution from a leading Americanist.
Stirring life : women's paths and places among the Kasena of Northern Ghana
Time frames : negotiating cultural history
Symbols of confinement and escape in nineteenth and twentieth century women's short fiction
Birth of the chess queen : a history
