http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7584 payment systems
payment systems
Finnish financial markets 2002
Financing : basic concepts
Payment system risks in Finland and the need for regulation and supervision
Improving cross-border payments in the Euro area
Settlement in modern network-based payment infrastructures : description and prototype of the E-settlement model
What's in it for us? : network effects and bank payment innovation
Guide to export-import basics : vital knowledge for trading internationally
Blue book : payment and securities settlement systems in the European Union. Volume 1, Euro area countries
Bank 2.0 : how customer behaviour and technology will change the future of financial services
Technology-driven efficiencies in financial markets
Network topology, system mechanics and behavioral dynamics in interbank payment systems
Clearing, money and investment: The Finnish perspective on trading with the USSR
International business 00/01
Optimizing liquidity usage and settlement speed in payment systems
Export-import theory, practices, and procedures
Regulation and control of payment system risks : a Finnish perspective
The financial system consists of financial institutions and the market infrastructures that connect them. They are both key to the stability of the system as a whole. The basic assumption is that infrastructures function reliably, and their criticality is noticed only in the event of a disruption. Stability analysis should, therefore, increasingly extend its focus to include both the functioning of infrastructures and their interconnectedness with financial institutions..
The mixed oligopoly of cross-border payment systems
Evolution of retail payments in Finland in the 1990s
The payment process for employees in Nokia Salo Operations : how practical current processes are for a supervisor?
The purpose of this thesis is to find out companies' level of information on SEPA, the major and future changes of SEPA, and their effects on customers in different companies situated in Pirkanmaa. It was conducted an independent survey. In the research process, the secondary information was collected through books, Internet and media; and the primary information was obtained by using quantitative method by sending a questionnaire as a link via e-mail for 419 different companies situated in Pirkanmaa.  The survey confirmed that the SEPA changes consist of credit transfers, cards payments and in the future, direct debits or e-invoicing. In addition, the positive as well as negative sides of SEPA changes and customer feedback were mainly related to cards payments, increased costs, the need for knowledge and education of customers.  The survey revealed that companies and customers are in need for information on SEPA, and it was suggested that there should be more information on SEPA through different media, such as TV and newspapers. For customers it was decided to create a simple leaflet as an objective to inform customers of SEPA and its changes and just bring the concept into their awareness.
Payment efficiency and payment pricing : four essays
Healthcare payment systems : an introduction
Multihoming in the market for payment media : evidence from young Finnish consumers
Blockchain basics : a non-technical introduction in 25 steps
High-tech entrepreneurship in Asia : innovation, industry and institutional dynamics in mobile payments
Competition and regulation in European retail payment systems
Simulating interbank payment and securities settlement mechanisms with the BoF-PSS2 simulator
A new approach to faster retail service and customer satisfaction : how NFC and RFID technologies may improve current retail business performance
Consumer and merchant adoption of mobile payments
The effects of the euro changeover on consumers' payment habits in Finland
E-commerce : business, technology, society
Liquidity, risks and speed in payment and settlement systems : a simulation approach
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
Implementation of architectural design for online PIN in Luottokunta payment environment
Payment and settlement system simulator : seminar 25-27 August 2008, Helsinki
Security fundamentals for e-commerce
Architecture design for EMV payment simulator environment
ECS, EDI and EFT in accounting
Developing the interbank payment system : efficiency of public versus private investments
Money, banking, and the financial system
RFID technology application
Understanding negotiable instruments and payment systems
Healthcare payment systems : fee schedule payment system
Re-engineering payment systems for the e-world
Market infrastructures : the pillars of financial stability
Silver economies, monetisation and society in Scandinavia, AD 800-1100
E-business & e-commerce : how to program
A survey of primitive money : the beginning of currency
Card, Internet and mobile payments in Finland
Payment systems in global perspective
Less cash on the counter : forecasting Finnish payment preferences
Creation the SEPA and its impacts on companies in Finland
Payment arrangements among economies in transition : the case of the CIS
SHOPS : smart home payment services : towards the liberalisation of Europe's utilities industry
This article draws a historical perspective on clearing systems and payment unions examining their manifestations from simple barter systems to EMU.The introduction of commensurability, transferability and convertibility and their cost-saving effects are explained in formal terms and by means of numerical illustration. The prerequisites for introducing convertibility through clearing unions are discussed generally and in terms of the CIS.Based on the experiences of the Interstate Bank and the Finnish-Soviet clearing system, the author concludes that an arrangement similar to the European Payment Union would not, for a number of reasons, provide a viable solution for CIS clearing arrangements.Rather, the rapidly developing commercial banking sector and multi-CIS financial-industrial groups potentially have the capability to adequately accommodate the problem as long as members pursue sound monetary and foreign exchange rate policies. Keywords: clearing, payment union, CIS .
The business of banking : an introduction to the modern financial services industry
Blockchain : blueprint for a new economy
Assessing effects of price regulation in retail payment systems
Intraday liquidity needs in a modern interbank payment system : a simulation approach
Blue book : payment and securities settlement systems in the European Union. Volume 2, Non-euro area countries
Payment systems in the European Union : addendum incorporating 1998 figures
Payment and financial innovation, reserve demand and implementation of monetary policy
Blue book : payment and securities settlement systems in the European Union : addendum incorporating 2000 figures
Pro PayPal E-Commerce
Impact of 2004 tax change on valutation of dividends
Cryptocurrency : how Bitcoin and digital money are challenging the global economic order
Cybercash : the coming era of electronic money
Electronic money trends : user's perspective
Gridlock resolution in Interbank payment systems
Blue book : payment and securities settlement systems in the European Union
eBusiness essentials : technology and network requirements for mobile and online markets
Abstract (s. 3).
Payment systems efficiency, policy approaches, and the role of the central bank
Electronic commerce : principles and practice
Conflict of laws and international finance
Consignment stock : case Kyrel Ems Oyj
The long integration process of European monetary policy has taken long step during the last decade. First the euro was introduced in 1999 and now the European payment system is being standardized. SEPA means Single Euro Payments Area. Its purpose is to standardize and to create more efficient payment systems in the euro area. SEPA consist of all EU euro zone countries, EU non-euro zone countries and EEA zone countries. The first steps of implementation of SEPA were conducted in beginning of 2007, when the IBAN account number was taken into use in the euro area. The objective of this thesis was to study the shift from national payment transactions to a European payment practice SEPA. Hence cash management is an important part of business, and especially it is crucial to ensure the sufficient volume of money available for the business. Managing short-term financing, controlling the cash flows and choosing and maintaining good bank relations are all important aspects of cash management. Therefore, aim was to gain thorough understanding of how these changes in payment methods affect medium and large sized companies' operating in Finland and especially to their cash and liquidity management.  The study of this thesis was conducted through a qualitative research. Theory was based on literature published on the subject. Background information of SEPA was collected mainly from various sources of the Internet and colleagues from Sampo Bank. This is because there was a lack of relevant literature at the time this thesis was done. Moreover, researcher's own findings and working experience in banking industry was used to gather source material.  The findings indicated that the knowledge of SEPA among medium and large companies was relatively good, and mainly proper preparatory actions have been taken. As there is still transition time left, companies were not in haste to make changes to their payment systems. In this thesis, it appears that moving towards SEPA is a very challenging project but also beneficial to all stakeholders.
Interbank funds transfer systems : liquidity needs, counterparty risks and collateral
Bitcoin and cryptocurrency technologies : a comprehensive introduction
Simulation analyses and stress testing of payment networks : proceedings from the Bank of Finland Payment and Settlement System Seminars 2007-2008
Blue book : payment and securities settlement systems in the European Union : addendum incorporating 2001 figures
Post-payment copyright service for digital music : a multidisciplinary study
Pocket statistics
Creation of the SEPA and its impacts on companies in Finland
Carl Menger and the evolution of payments systems : from Barter to electronic money
Payment habits and trends in the changing e-landscape 2010+
Banking sectors in Baltic countries
Banking Technology in Finland
Theory and problems of international economics
This study examines development of the banking sectors in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania from 1990 onwards.While institutional and legislative developments are discussed, the main emphasis is on the development of services provided by banks. The role of banks as intermediators of capital and as providers of a system of payments is generally seen as extremely important in achieving efficiency in market economies.Related to this view are the questions of how an economy in transition evolves successfully into a market economy as well as what effects the structure and performance of the banking sector have on the transition process.The Baltic cases provide a number of valuable insights in this regard. Banks in Baltic countries have developed fairly quickly and all have encountered a banking crisis of some magnitude.At the moment, Baltic banks can be said to fulfill at least part of their role as intermediators of capital.Also payment systems are now fairly well developed.However, it is fairly clear that the evolution of these banking sectors have a long way to go. Further reduction in the number of banks seems likely as most banks are still small, capital requirements have been raised, supervision is becoming tighter and competition among banks is increasing. Key words Banking, Baltic countries, banking supervision .
EU payments integration : the tale of SEPA, PSD and other milestones along the road
Modeling monetary economies
Diagnostics for the financial markets : computational studies of payment system : simulator seminar proceedings 2009-2011
Blue book. Payment and securities settlement systems in the European Union
Blue book : payment and securities setlement systems in accession countries
Changes in SEPA, related to payment transactions and their effects on customers in different companies situated in Pirkanmaa : credits transfers, direct debits and cards payment
Large value payment systems : principles and recent and future developments
Blue book. Payment and securities settlement systems in the European Union and in the acceding countries. Addendum
Blue book. Payment and securities settlement systems in the accession countries. Addendum
Blue book. Payment and securities settlement systems in the European Union. Addendum
ICC  guide to export-import basics : the legal financial and transport aspects of international trade
