http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p759 corrosion prevention
corrosion prevention
Cargo tanks of new 'Arctic type' product Carriers protected by Marineline Anticorrosion system
Durability of steel bridges : a survey of the performance of protective coatings
Cleaning, pickling and passivation of stainless steels alloys
Corrosion for marine and offshore engineers
Fundamentals of corrosion : mechanisms, causes, and preventative methods
Lectures on electrochemical corrosion
Corrosion Prevention of Magnesium Alloys
Atomic layer deposited coatings for corrosion protection of metals
ARC process for chloride and potassium removal
Metals handbook. 13, Corrosion
Electrochemical techniques in corrosion science and engineering
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 1 = Part 1.
Corrosion science and technology
Guidelines for the Protection of Steel Piles : Corrosive Marine Environment
Nkondi: A Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation
Principles of corrosion engineering and corrosion control
Corrosion control : principles and practice
Chemical equilibrium analysis in the study of corrosion
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 3 = Part 3, Kenttätestausmenetelmät II = Field test methods II
The boatowner's guide to corrosion : a complete reference for boatowners and marine professionals
Corrosion of electronics : a handbook based on experiences from a Nordic research project
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 2 = Part 2.
Corrosion engineering : principles and practice
Realkalisation of carbonated concrete by cement-based coatings - a method to prevent reinforcement corrosion
Papermaking science and technology. Book 15, Materials, corrosion prevention, and maintenance
Handbook of corrosion engineering
Corrosion and climatic effects in electronics
Metal corrosion in boats : the prevention of metal corrosion in hulls, engines, rigging and fittings
Nickel- and iron-based HVOF thermal spray coatings for high temperature corrosion protection in biomass-fired power plant boilers
Metallurgy and corrosion control in oil and gas production
Prevention of corrosion on board ships = Prevéntion de la corrosion à bord des navires = Prevención de la corrosion a bordo de los bugues
Corrosion control in the aerospace industry
Abstract: Nkondi : a Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation. The purpose of this study was to find conservation methods and treatments suitable for an nkondi nail fetish that originates from the Congo region in Africa. This ethnographic object is on display at the permanent exhibition in the Helinä Rautavaara museum. The main problem is the extensive corrosion of the iron parts. This thesis is a combination of ethnography, artefact research, and conservation. Thesis also deals with the complexity of ethnographic conservation and its special role in the field. The object was documented thoroughly with photographs, drawings, and x-rays. Sizeable amount of material analyses were done and the condition of the object was mapped out carefully. Conservation treatments, procedures, and materials were explained and described thoroughly. After the conservation treatments the object is more stable chemically and structurally, and aesthetically the looks are more pleasing. The treatments keep the object from deteriorating further, thus helping it to survive longer. Conservation of an ethnographic object is an intricate process. It involves a lot of discussion about the ethics and other special issues. It is daunting task for a conservator, especially when encountering them for the first time.
ASM handbook. 13 A, Corrosion: fundamentals, testing, and protection
Corrosion engineering handbook. Corrosion of linings and coatings : cathodic and inhibitor protection and corrosion monitoring
ASM handbook. Volume 20, Materials selection and design
Corrosion engineering
Hydraulic trainer. Vol. 3, Planning and design of hydraulic power systems : a training manual for the planning and design of hydraulic power systems
Papermaking science and technology. Book 9, Papermaking : part 2, Drying
Metallic and ceramic coatings : production, high temperature properties and applications
Water treatment
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 1 = Part 1, Teräsrakenteiden korroosionesto suojamaaliyhdistelmillä = Corrosion protection of steel structures by protective paint systems
New maintenance strategies organizing, implementing, and managing effective mill programs
Corrosion resistance tables : part B. E-O, Metals, nonmetals, coatings, mortars, plastics, elastomers and linings, and fabrics
Surface modification and passivation of stainless steel
Encyclopedia of corrosion technology
Properties of steel construction surfaces affecting corrosion resistance : European Federation of Corrosion, Task Force II : Corrosion and Protection of Steel Structures Workshop IV : extended abstracts : 28-31 May 2006, Helsinki University of Technology Espoo, Finland
Corrosion protection : inspector's book fo reference
Effect of deep sea environment on corrosion of some aluminum alloys
Diffusion chromising and nickelising of steel by chemical vapour deposition
Strategies for saving our cultural heritage : papers presented at the International Conference on Conservation Strategies for Saving Indoor Metallic Collections with a satellite meeting on legal issues in the Conservation of Cultural Heritage, Cairo 25 February - 1 March 2007
Corrosion resistance tables : part A. A-D, metals, nonmetals, coatings, mortars, plastics, elastomers and linings, and fabrics
Anodic protection : theory and practice in the prevention of corrosion
Corrosion inspection and monitoring
Improving sealing, electrical contacts, and corrosion resistance in solid oxide fuel cell stacks
Principles and prevention of corrosion
KSCS 2004, 4th Kurt Schwabe Corrosion Symposium : mechanisms of corrosion and corrosion prevention : proceedings : June 13-17, 2004, Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo, Finland
Corrosion control through organic coatings
Electromagnetic shielding and corrosion protection for aerospace vehicles
Epoxy-coated concrete reinforcements
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 2 = Part 2, Kenttätestausmenetelmät I = Field test methods I.
Metal 2010 : proceedings of the Interim meeting of the ICOM-CC Metal Working Group, October 11-15, 2010, Charleston, South Carolina, USA
Plastics for corrosion inhibition
Basic corrosion technology for scientists and engineers
Standard aircraft handbook for mechanics and technicians
Nkondi : a case study in ethnographic conservation
Corrosion resistance tables : part C. P-Z, Metals, nonmetals,  coatings, mortars, plastics, elastomers and linings, and fabrics
Industrial coating of metal surfaces
Corrosion and corrosion control : an introduction to corrosion science and engineering
