http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7590 airships
airships
Battle winning : tanks, aircraft & warships of world war II
Flight
Sky pirates : chronicles of light and shadow
The last voyage of the Lusitania
Ships, sulphur and climate : is it a good time to reduce the sulphur emissions from shipping?
Lighter than air : an illustrated history of the development of hot-air balloons and airships
Transport : find out about engines, gravity and flight with 40 great experiments and projects
Salt to the sea : a novel
The great airships : the tragedies and triumphs
I didn't know that some planes hover
The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There
Dreadnought
The Great Galloon : being a mostly accurate tale of the voyages of Captain Meredith Anstruther, his crew and his celebrated Great Galloon
The next war in the air : Britain's fear of the bomber, 1908-1941
100 years of aviation
Robert Ballard's Lusitania : probing the mysteries of the sinking that changed history
U-boat bases and bunkers 1941-45
A history of airships
Ship emissions and technical emission reduction potential in the Northern Baltic Sea
Alternatives to methyl bromide : control of rodents on ship and aircraft
Things that go
Battle winning : tanks, aircraft and warships of the World War II
Ship air conditioning : basis of design and calculation
A conspiracy of alchemists
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
Jane's fighting ships of World War II
Conference on VOC emission control in terminals and in shiploading/unloading : October 17-19, 1995
Jane's naval airpower: [the complete history from 1914 to the present day]
The deadly seas : Six of the best Commando royal navy comic books ever!
Warspite
The massive. [Volume 3] : Longship
Dr Eckener's dream machine : the historic saga of the round-the-world zeppelin
San Andreas
London 1914-17 : the Zeppelin menace
The girl who fell beneath Fairyland and led the revels there
Planes, rockets and other flying machines
Jane's all the world's aircraft. 1996-97
The girl who circumnavigated Fairyland in a ship of her own making
Titanic hero : the autobiography of captain Rostron of the Carpathia
Build the ships
Naval weapons of World War Two
An illustrated data guide to battleships of world war II
Air and space travel
Planet Steam
Target Tirpitz : X-craft, agents and dambusters - the epic quest to destroy Hitler's mightiest warship
Sky pirates
The massive. [Volume 1] : Black Pacific
Hindenburg : an illustrated history
The girl who soared over Fairyland and cut the moon in two
A clockwork heart
Salt to the sea
Untold stories of WWII
The object of this thesis was to examine the design principles of ship air conditioning systems in accommodation spaces regarding the standardized dimensioning, and to create a design tool that suits for this purpose with Microsoft Excel 2010. In order to give the reader a general overview of the subject, the beginning of this thesis concentrates on introducing general air conditioning systems onboard and various components related to them. After this, the basis of calculation for ship air conditioning regarding heat loads and air quantities is presented. The dimensioning of air conditioning systems is based on the international standard ISO 7547:2002, which is generally used in ship building projects. The created design tool functions according to the standard`s specifications and formulas. As the outcome of this thesis, a complete design tool is introduced. It enables a faster and more consistent way of performing heat load and air quantity calculations, and reporting to clients. The thesis was made as an assignment of Foreship Ltd.
Interpretive history of flight : a survey of the history and development of aeronautics with particular reference to contemporary influences and conditions
My Polar Flights : an account of the voyages of the airship Italia and Norge
The massive. [Volume 2] : Subcontinental
All the nice girls
Emissions of NOx from baltic shipping and first estimates of their effects on air quality and eutrophication of the Baltic Sea
The aeronaut's windlass
Jane's fighting ships of World War I
Robert Ballard's Bismarck
Airship technology
The Hamlyn colour encyclopedia of transport
The long Earth
Alex : the amazing juggler
The bomber balloon
Carrier Power vs. Fighting Ship. 2
Airships for the future
Jane's high-speed marine transportation. 2007-2008
First book of aircraft
Graf Zeppelin : the adventures of an aerial globetrotter
A higher form of killing : six weeks in World War I that forever changed the nature of warfare forever
The long war
Aviation : The Pioneer Years
Ship originated air emissions, solid waste and wastewaters : a feasibility study of the New Hansa Project
Planet Steam is a game of cutthroat economic conflict in a steam-powered world for 2 to 5 players. Players extract and sell resources to amass the most wealth by the end of the game. Create shortages or flood the market with resources to stymie your opponents. Are ypu canny enough to turn a handfull of credits into a fortune?
Dead wake : the last crossing of the Lusitania
