http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7596 motor sports
motor sports
The grand prix riders
Racing cars
Ride : PlayStation 4
Mansell and Williams : The Challenge for the Championship
Go like hell : Ford, Ferrari and their battle for speed and glory at Le Mans
The encyclopedia of motorcycling
Top gear revved up : thrashing, crashing and trashing
Best of power sport : yli 200 fiaskoa moottoriurheilun maailmasta
Freestyle motorcross : jump tricks from the pros
Midnight club : Los Angeles : the complete edition : Xbox 360.
The chequered flag : 100 years of motor racing
Trials fusion : Xbox One
On the edge  : my story
Rallycourse 1985-86
MX vs ATV reflex : Playstation 3.
Land speed record
Suomalainen formulahistoria : Midgeteistä moderniin aikaan 1947-1989 = Finnish Formula history : from Midgets into modern times 1947-1989
General Program of Activities to be carried out from July 18th-31wt 1975.
TRIALS : A RIDER'S GUIDE
The World of Motorcycling : the motorcycle: from myth-and-legend to nuts-and-bolts
Honda / Acura Engine Performance : how to modify D, B and H series Honda / Acura engines for street and drag racing performance
MotoGP source book : sixty years of world championship motorcycle racing : the riders, the races, the records
On two wheels 5.
The history of formula one
World's fastest bikes on road and track
McLaren : the art of racing
Grand Prix battlegrounds : a comprehensive guide to all Formula 1 circuits since 1950
THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF MOTORCYCLING
McLaren : Formula 1 racing team
Bernie : the biography of Bernie Ecclestone
The need for speed. 3, aircraft
Joey dunlop / King of the roads
Competition car suspension : a practical handbook
The fastest men on earth : 100 years of the land speed record
Off-road driving techniques
McLaren : formula 1 racing team
The kings of the crash masters : rallying in Finland
Top gear : winter olympics
YAMAHA DIRTBIKES : ALL OFF-ROAD, MOTOCROSS, ENDURO AND DUAL-PURPOSE MOTORCYCLES, BOTH TWO- AND FOUR-STROKE-1968 ONWARDS
Speedseekers : the supercharged world of custom cars and hot rods
The World's Greatest Rallycars
Monster trucks
Motorcycle road & racing chassis : a modern review of the best independents
Formula 1 : motor racing book
The need for speed. 2, high-speed boats
The Daily Telegraph book of Formula One
Rally yearbook 2003 : world rally championship
Kathy Reichs--#1 New York Times bestselling author and producer of the FOX television hit Bones --returns with a riveting new novel set in Charlotte, North Carolina, featuring forensic anthropologist Dr. Temperance Brennan. Kathy Reichs's trademark blend of forensic descriptions that "chill to the bone" (Entertainment Weekly) and breathless suspense have made her books major bestsellers worldwide. Now, she delivers the fourteenth thriller in a "cleverly plotted and expertly maintained series" (The New York Times Book Review). A body is found in a barrel of asphalt next to Lowes Motor Speedway near Charlotte just as 200,000 fans are pouring into town for race week. The next day, a NASCAR crew member shares with Tempe a devastating story. Twelve years earlier his sister, Cyndi Gamble, then a high school senior who wanted to be a professional racecar driver, disappeared along with her boyfriend, Cale Lovette. Lovette kept company with a group of right wing extremists known as the Patriot Posse. Is the body Cyndi's? Or Cale's? At the time of their disappearance, the FBI joined the investigation, but the search was quickly terminated. As Tempe is considering multiple theories, including an FBI cover-up, a surprising, secret substance is found with the body, leaving Tempe to wonder what exactly the government was up to / WorldCat.
Motor racing
Top gear - great adventures
Villeneuve : My First Season in Formula 1
TopGear. 18
Racecar engineering
Drive to win
The need for speed. 1, racing cars
On two wheels 2.
Motorsports industry in China : questionnaire survey and in-depth interviews
The autocourse history of the grand prix car 1966-1985
Pro motocross and off-road riding techniques
THE ART SCIENCE OF MOTOR CYCLE ROAD RACING
Sport machines
Racing cars and the history of motor sport
Trials fusion : PS4
Racing : the ultimate motorsports encyclopedia
Ferrari's world champions : the cars that beat the world
The need for speed. 4, motorbikes
Classic motorcycles : the complete book of motorcycles and their riders
Grand Prix battlegrouds : a comprehensive guide to all Formula 1 circuits since 1950
Men and speed : a wild ride through NASCAR 's breakout season
Top gear. 17, The complete season 17
The unofficial complete encyclopedia of formula one : an illustrated guide to the world's fastest sport
The Clarkson collection
Pushing the limits
On two wheels 11.
Unusual motorcycles : a collection of curious concepts, prototypes and race bikes
The Kingfisher motorsports encyclopedia
The official ITV sport guide : Grand prix 2009.
Little Finland is a big motor sports country
Speed show : how NASCAR won the heart of America
The ultimate encyclopedia of formula one : the definitive illustrated guide to grand prix motor racing
MOTOCOURSE : THE WORLD'S LEADING GRAND PRIX ANNUAL. 1991-92
The Guinnes guide to Grand Prix motor racing
World motor sport records 2011
Aprilia : the complete story
On two wheels 7.
MXGP2 : the official motocross videogame : PS4
On two wheels 4.
Ferrari : the racing cars
What makes a champion? : motorcycle world champions' recipe for success
Cardio-respiratory and neuromuscular responses to motocross race
Top gear - the challenges
Motorsports
Dirt rider's motocross riding tips
Dirt bike : the complete racing manual! : tips and techniques
Ayrton Senna : His full car racing record
Mike Patrick's world of speedway
Trials fusion : PlayStation 4
Directory of grand prix cars 1945-65
Flash and bones
ON TWO WHEELS 1.
The complete encyclopedia of Formula one
On two wheels 8.
