http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7605 source material
source material
Java in the 14th century : a study in a cultural history. The N−agara-Kĕrt−agama. 3,  Translations
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
Narrative and dramatic sources of Shakespeare. Vol. 6, Other 'classical' plays : Titus Andronicus, Troilus and Cressida, Timon of Athens, Pericles, prince of Tyre
The historian as detective : essays on evidence
New mormon studies CD-ROM : a comprehensive resource library : over 960 works
A bibliography of English-language sources on Estonia : periodicals, bibliographies, pamphlets, and books
Documents on British policy overseas. Ser. 1, vol. 4, [Britain and America] : [atomic energy, bases and food] : [12 December 1945 - 31 July 1946]
Java in the 14th century : a study in a cultural history. The N−agara-Kĕrt−agama. 5,  Glossary, general index
Ägyptische Urkunden aus den Staatlichen Museen zu Berlin : griechische Urkunden. Bd. 16, The archive of Athenodoros : (and assorted documents fo the Augustan period)
This volume continues the incredible family saga of the Adams of Massachusetts as told through their myriad letters to one another, to their extended family, and to such other notable correspondents as Thomas Jefferson and Mercy Otis Warren.
Documents on British policy overseas. Ser. 3, vol. 5, The southern flank in crisis, 1973-1976 Edited by K. A. Hamilton and P. Salmon
Between the Danube and the Caucasus : a collection of papers concerning Oriental sources on the history of the people of Central and South-Eastern Europe
Narrative and dramatic sources of Shakespeare. Vol. 2, The comedies, 1597-1603
Chambonnières : a thematic catalogue : the complete works of Jacques Champion de Chambonnières (1601/02-1672)
Traditio Patrum. I, Scriptores Hispaniae
In its period of slow decline from the late 18th into the early 20th century and throughout its 20th century revolution, one of the most important problems facing individual Chinese and China as a nation was choosing appropriate political, social, cultural, and economic identities as contexts and situations changed. This documentary history of 20th century China begins with the turn-of-the-century Boxer uprising to set the stage for understanding the choices at stake for 20th century Chinese. It then focuses on the always-dramatic choices of identity that have continually confronted the Chinese. In many cases these choices have meant life or death. Above all, this is a story of the people whose choices propelled modern Chinese history. It is a dramatic tale, often bloody and violent, alternately soaring with hope and plunging into bleak despair. It compels our interest because of its importance for the world today; because it is one of world history's greatest revolutions; and because it provides an extraordinarily interesting study of the processes that an ancient culture undergoes in transforming itself into that which we call "modern."Twentieth-Century China: A History in Documents uses an exceptional range of primary sources, including government edicts, political cartoons, poetry, political manifestos, essays, fiction, magazine covers and advertisements, wills, trial transcripts, speeches, statistics, press releases, and even Chinese rock lyrics. The entire book is profusely illustrated with graphics that themselves serve as documents, and there is also a picture essay. Back matter will include a chronology, further reading, and index.
Scholars and poets talk about queens
Lenin and the making of the Soviet state : a brief history with documents
Foreign relations of the United States, 1969-1976. Volume XXXVII, Energy crisis, 1974-1980
German churches and the Jews : [translations of three documents]
Address ... before a meeting of the Council of Brethren in the Rhineland : [26. Oct. 1937]
Cold War International History Project bulletin. Issue 10, 1998, Leadership transition in a fractured bloc
Guildbook : Puppeteers and Pardoners
Studies in medieval Georgian historiography : early texts and Eurasian contexts
"A country nourished on self-doubt" : documents in Canadian history 1867-1980
Notes on the question of church property
The religious situation in Germany
The Norman conquest of England : sources and documents
German Evangelical provincial churches (Landeskirchen) : [a list]
Foreign relations of the United States, 1964-1968. Vol. 20, Arab-Israeli dispute 1967-1968
Eating words : a Norton anthology of food writing
From postwar to postmodern : art in Japan 1945-1989 : primary documents
Structure and scope. "This volume is part of a subseries of volumes of the Foreign Relations series that documents the most important issues in the foreign policy of Presidents Richard M. Nixon and Gerald R. Ford. This volume documents U.S. policy towards the war in Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia from July 1970 to January 1972".
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 3, vol. 5
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 1A, vol. 3, European and naval questions 1927
Freak art scrapbook : Chicago's Armory show in print, 1913
Foreign relations of the United States, 1950-1955. The intelligence community 1950-1955
The great documents of western civilization
Christian Oxyrhynchus : texts, documents, and sources
Foreign relations of the United States, 1969-1976. Volume VIII, Vietnam, January-October 1972
Kenya : select historical documents 1884-1923
Chios 1822-1912: from massacre to liberation : selections from the literature of the period
Holland, Nazi Germany and Great Britain
Schweiz. evang. Pressedienst : Swiss Evangelical Press Service no 11. 1939 : Last theological college closed
"Takin' it to the streets" : a sixties reader
Foreign relations of the United States, 1969-1976. Volume X, Vietnam, January 1973-July 1975
Winter in Prague : documents on Czechoslovak communism in crisis
A free Czechoslovakia and a free Germany, in a free Europe
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
Love beyond death : a storyteller's guide to gothic romance
Codices medii aevi Finlandiae. 2, Codex Särkilahti : (Codex Aboensis Skokloster)
"This concise collection of the most important international law instruments is an essential resource for all students of international law. In addition to standard instruments such as the UN Charter, human rights documents and the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea, the volume also features topics not usually included in similar collections, such as international labour instruments, the work of the G20, and bilateral and unilateral instruments. Taking a global approach, the collection incorporates American, African and Asian instruments alongside UN, EU and other international documents, to reflect the diverse nature of international law courses. The two-colour design aids student navigation through the materials, and lengthier documents such as UNCLOS and the ICC statute are presented in shortened form, making the volume concise and clear. An ideal companion for students of international law, the book is also valuable for students of international human rights law, international relations, global governance and international politics"--
Austrian crisis and British foreign policy : speeches
How my mind has changed in this decade
"In a world obsessed with the virtual, tangible things are once again making history. Tangible Things invites readers to look closely at the things around them, arguing that almost any material thing, when examined closely, can be a link between present and past."--Provided by publisher.
The ruin of Britain and other works
"This volume is part of a Foreign Relations subseries that documents the most important foreign policy issues of the Jimmy Carter administration. The focus of this volume is the Carter administration's efforts to help negotiate settlements to the Arab-Israeli dispute. The volume begins in January 1977, and documents the administration's immediate efforts to find a comprehensive settlement between Israel and Egypt, Syria, Jordan, and Lebanon, and to seek a resolution for Palestinians living in the West Bank and Gaza. The first part of the volume documents the administration's initiatives to reconvene the Geneva Conference, which was first established in December 1973 to find a comprehensive settlement to the Arab-Israeli dispute. After talks with the various parties stagnated and Sadat made his momentous visit to Jerusalem in November 1977, the administration came to view a bilateral negotiation between Egypt and Israel as the most realistic avenue to an eventual settlement. Accordingly, the portion of the volume covering the period from December 1977 to August 1978 documents the ways in which the administration worked to find a path to a bilateral peace agreement that would also include limited self-rule for Palestinians living in the West Bank and Gaza. The volume concludes with the White House announcement of a summit to be held at Camp David, Maryland in September 1978, where U.S. officials would work in seclusion with Egyptian and Israeli officials in an attempt to produce an agreement"--Publisher's description.
Early modern Spain : a documentary history
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 2, vol. 9, The Far Eastern Crisis 1931-1932
Structure and scope. "This volume is part of a subseries of volumes of the Foreign Relations series that document the most important issues in the foreign policy of Presidents Richard M. Nixon and Gerald R. Ford ... This specific volume documents U.S. policy toward the war in Vietnam from January 20 to October 7, 1972".
Adams family correspondence. Volume 11, July 1795 - February 1797
Papers of John Adams. Volume 14, October 1782 - May 1783
Sources of housemaid studies
Guildbook : spooks and oracles
Foreign relations of the United States, 1969-1976. Volume VI, Vietnam, January 1969-July 1970
The chronicle of Henry of Livonia
Ancient history : evidence and models
Visual vocabulary, visual strategy
Baltic connections : archival guide to the maritime relations of the countries around the Baltic Sea (including the Netherlands) 1450-1800.. Vol. 1, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany
Foreign relations of the United States, 1977-1980. Vol. 8, Arab-Israeli dispute, January 1977-August 1978
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 3, vol. 8
Schweiz. evang. Pressedienst : the case of the confessional church against compromise, April 1939.
What is happening in the evangelical church? : [... issued from the Confessional Church, written by one of its leading members]
Questions relating to the subject of the Christian faith and the common life : (Oxford-Conference 1937)
Soviet government : a selection of official documents on internal policies
Modern British history : a guide to study and reasearch
Cold War International History Project bulletin. Issue 11, 1998, Cold War flashpoints : featuring new evidence on: the Polish crisis 1980-1981, Poland in the early Cold War, the Sino-American opening, the Korean War, the Berlin crisis 1958-1962
Ancient Greece : social and historical documents from archaic times to the death of Alexander the Great
The Armenian genocide : evidence from the German Foreign Office archives, 1915-1916
Feasibility of online natural gas analysis with a portable gas chromatograph
Ancient Rome : from the early republic to the assassination of Julius Caesar
Scotland : the autobiography : 2,000 years of Scottish history by those who saw it happen
Tangible things : making history through objects
Java in the 14th century : a study in a cultural history. The N−agara-Kĕrt−agama. 1,  Javanese texts in transcription
Sources of the Pentateuch : texts, introductions, annotations
The archive project : archival research in the social sciences
Narrative and dramatic sources of Shakespeare. Vol. 3, Earlier English history plays : Henry VI, Richard III, Richard II
Germany's economic situation in 1939 and her challenge to the world
Foreign relations of the United States, 1969-1976. Volume XXVI, Arab-Israeli dispute, 1974-1976
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 3, vol. 9
On slavery and abolitionism
Building a visual vocabulary : the methodology of 'reading' images in context
Christian lay work in Germany : [survey]
Selected international human rights instruments and bibliography for research on international human rights
To the Finance Department of the Brandenburg Evangelical Consistory : Nov. 11th 1938 [protest]
Documents on British policy overseas. Series 3, vol. 8, The invasion of Afghanistan and UK-Soviet relations, 1979-1982
A uniform system of citation
Guide to documents and manuscripts in the Irish Republic relating to Russia and the Soviet Union
Gesta Normannorum ducum of William of Jumièges, Orderic Vitalis, and Robert of Torigni. Vol. 1, Introduction and books I-IV
Confirmation texts, from the ... services held by Pastor Venzlaff ... March 26th 1939.
This first edition of the third recension of the Life of Maximus the Confessor with full critical apparatus is accompanied by a lucid English translation. A major introduction to the text records the opposition of the Greek monk Maximus (580-662 CE) to the monothelite controversy, and outlines the surviving sources for the Life of Maximus, its historical background, and the relationship between the three versions of the Greek life. The volume will be of historical and theological interest to scholars and students of Byzantium in the seventh century.
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 2, vol. 10, Far Eastern affairs. March-October 1932
Guide to documents and manuscripts in the United Kingdom relating to Russia and the Soviet Union
Cold War International History Project bulletin. Issue 4, 1994, Soviet nuclear history : sources for Stalin and the bomb
Czechs and Germans before 1938
The social history of the archive : record-keeping in early modern Europe
The Life of Maximus the Confessor : recension 3
The village on the hill : an event related by Peter Holzschuh
A retrospective methodology for using Landnámabók as a source for the religious history of Iceland? : some questions
The construction of Anglo-Saxon legendary history
The "National Church" movement in Germany and the Confessional Church
The Old Norse poetic form stikki
Eichmann in Hungary : documents
"Scholars and Poets Talk About Queens is a lively and erudite collection, unusual in an especially appealing way: not only are there essays about a range of queens and how they were represented in the Middle Ages and Renaissance through primary accounts, chronicles, and literary representations, but the book also contains modern poetry and short plays about these same queens, allowing readers to understand and appreciate them both intellectually and emotionally. Queens include such famous and fascinating women as Hecuba, Cleopatra, the Empress Matilda, Margaret of Anjou, Catherine of Aragon, Mary Stuart, and Queen Elizabeth I, and Grace O'Malley, a pirate queen. One can find, for example, an essay on Mary Stuart's responses to her widowhoods paired with Mary's lamentation from the afterlife. After reading the analysis of the Empress Matilda's efforts to gain the throne of England, one can also see the character of the much older Matilda playing chess with her daughter-in-law Eleanor of Aquitaine"--
User-friendliness of Enermet Oy's technical documentation
Confessional membership of teachers in 1938/39 in Germany
This volume is part of a subseries of the Foreign Relations series that documents the most important foreign policy issues of the Richard M. Nixon and Gerald R. Ford presidential administrations. Because of the long-term nature of the 1970s energy crisis, however, this volume includes the period of the Jimmy Carter administration, covering U.S. policy from August 1974 until January 1981. The documentation in this volume focuses primarily on Ford and Carter policies aimed at mitigating the damage to the U.S. and global economy caused by rising oil prices imposed in 1973 by the OPEC cartel, and in 1978 by the perceived shortage of oil supplies resulting from the Iranian Revolution. The documents show that the United States conducted a broad-based multilateral diplomacy to address the crisis and that U.S. diplomats were active participants in the development of the International Energy Agency's program of energy cooperation. The economic summits of the period brought together the heads of state from oil consuming industrialized countries in Rambouillet, London, Bonn, and Tokyo in an effort to devise a common strategy to deal with the impact of high oil prices on the global economy. This is one of a growing number of Foreign Relations volumes that document global issues instead of a bilateral relationship, reflecting the changing nature of U.S. foreign policy in response to an increasingly interrelated world. For documentation on the energy crisis prior to August 1974, see Foreign Relations, 1969-1976, volume XXXVI, Energy Crisis, 1969-1974.
The Theodosian code and Novels, and the Sirmondian Constitutions
Conflict in the German Church : Chronicle, February-May 1938.
Trends in the life of the German Evangelical Church
State policy in Church affairs
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 2, vol. 2, 1931
Poland: British and German foreign policy
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 2, vol. 11, Far Eastern affairs. October 13, 1932 - June 3, 1933
Adams family correspondence. Vol. 9, January 1790 - December 1793
Lecture at a private meeting of doctors, 25th January 1936
Byzantium in the Georgian sources
Documents on conservative foreign policy, 1852-1878
Modernism and revelation
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 3, vol. 2
This is a collective work, consisting of about thirty papers focusing on the history of Late Antique and Medieval manuscript transmission of Iberian patristic texts. It opens up a new series entitled Traditio Patrum, focused on the textual transmission of the Early Church Fathers in the Western medieval world. The TraPat series will follow a planned subdivision by geographical area, except for the volume dedicated to the Latin Ante-Nicene Fathers (and those devoted to Latin translations of the Greek Fathers) which will follow a chronological order. The classification system will conform to the Clavis Patrum Latinorum and the Clavis Patrum Graecorum. The goal of this editorial project is twofold: on the one hand to investigate the textual transmission of single authors and works, highlighting specific features and the many aspects that still need further investigation; on the other hand, to make it possible to verify if the textual transmission of Latin patristic texts may obey still identifiable constants, and which they can be (e.g. the literary genre, the personality of the author, a specific historical moment, a field of theological thought etc). In this respect, the geographical area of origin could be an interesting constant to be verified. For the volume dedicated to the Iberian Fathers, it seems to be possible to pinpoint some characteristic features, most notably the tendency to pseudoepigraphy and pseudo-attribution by the manuscript tradition. Each of these features creates a framework for further methodological reflections.
Narrative and dramatic sources of Shakespeare. Vol. 1, Early comedies ; Poems ; Romeo and Juliet
A manual of textual analysis
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 1, vol. 14, Far Eastern affairs April 1920 - February 1922.
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 3, vol. 6
Basic documents in Canadian history
Conquerors and chroniclers of early medieval Spain
Foreign relations of the United States, 1969-1976. Volume IX, Vietnam, October 1972-January 1973
Where did they come from and where did they all go? : a new website for Finnish researchers
Gesta Normannorum ducum of William of Jumièges, Orderic Vitalis, and Robert of Torigni. Vol. 2, Books V-VIII
Trouble and promise in the struggle of the church in Germany
Ancient kings of Peru : the reliability of the Chronicle of Fernando de Montesinos : correlating the dynasty lists with current prehistoric periodization in the Andes
Slavery in America : a reader and guide
"A few acres of snow" : documents in Canadian history, 1577-1867
Fifty major documents of the twentieth century
Effective legal research
Guide to the sources of the history of Africa = Guide des sources de l'histoire de l'Afrique. 8, Scandinavia : sources in Denmark, Norway and Sweden
The bluebook : a uniform system of citation
The end of Austria : the speeches of Dr. von. Schuschnigg and Adolf Hitler
Structure and scope. "This volume is part of a subseries of volumes of the Foreign Relations series that documents the most important issues in the foreign policy of Presidents Richard M. Nixon and Gerald R. Ford. This specific volume covers U.S. policy towards Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia from the signing of the Paris Peace Accords (January 1973) to the fall of Saigon and Phnom Penh (April 1975). The final chapter covers the SS Mayaguez incident (May 1975)".
Historical interpretation. I : Sources of English medieval history, 1066-1540
Foreign relations of the United States
"The focus of this volume is the negotiations leading to the two disengagement agreements between Egypt and Israel and the one disengagement agreement between Syria and Israel. The end of the October 1973 War left the Egyptian and Israeli armies interlocked in the Sinai and Israeli and Syrian armies interlocked in the Golan Heights. This stalemate provided Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, who had taken the lead role in negotiations concerning the Arab-Israeli dispute after the October 1973 War, the opportunity to negotiate landmark agreements between Israel and two of its Arab neighbors in the months following the war. Initial discussions between Kissinger and Arab leaders began in November 1973 (coverage of this is found in Foreign Relations, 1969-1976, volume XXV, Arab-Israeli Crisis and War, 1973) and culminated in formal disengagement agreements beginning in 1974.Kissinger preferred these disengagement agreements instead of a comprehensive agreement as a way to create a relationship between the Israelis and Egyptians and Syrians that could lead to a future comprehensive settlement of the Arab-Israeli dispute. Additionally, he argued that this more modest step-by-step approach would prevent individual crises, such as terrorist attacks, to sidetrack negotiations. Accordingly, this volume documents the development of this step-by-step approach beginning with the first disengagement agreement between the Israelis and Egyptians in January 1974, the only disengagement agreement between the Israelis and Syrians in May 1974, and the second disengagement agreement between the Israelis and Egyptians in September 1975. This volume also documents the U.S. response to the outbreak of civil war in Lebanon. This final chapter begins with the U.S.Government's observation of the war in the fall of 1975, but focuses primarily on the period after the disintegration of the Lebanese army in March 1976, followed by the evacuation of U.S. embassy personnel, and concludes in August 1976 with a strategy session between Kissinger and U.S. ambassadors to the Middle East".
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 3, vol. 4
Cold War International History Project bulletin. Issue 5, 1995, Cold War crises
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 1, vol. 16, Upper Silesia March 22, 1921 - November 2, 1922; Germany 1921.
Franz Liszt and his world
Studies in the Book of Genesis : literature, redaction and history
Protestantism between Rome and Moscow
A pocket style manual
New Mozart documents : A supplement to O. E. Deutsch's documentary biography
Documents on British policy overseas. Ser. 1, vol 7, [United Nations: Iran, cold war and world organisation 2 January 1946 - 13 January 1947]
Java in the 14th century : a study in a cultural history. The N−agara-Kĕrt−agama. 4,  Commentaries and recapitulation
Extract from a letter written during a few days visit to Sweden : November 14th 1938.
New light on the Gāthās of holy Zarathushtra
Zaroždenie istoriopisaniâ v obŝestvah Drevnosti i Srednevekov'â = The beginnings of historical writing in Ancient and Medieval societies
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 2, vol. 13, Naval policy and defence requirements. July 20, 1934 - March 25, 1936
Major problems in American history. Volume 1, To 1877 : documents and essays
Foundational texts in modern criminal law
Structure and scope. "This volume is part of a subseries of volumes of the Foreign Relations series that documents the most important issues in the foreign policy of Presidents Richard M. Nixon and Gerald R. Ford. This specific volume documents U.S. policy towards the war in Vietnam from October 8, 1972, until January 27, 1973".
Historical interpretation
Tracing your family tree : in England, Scotland and Wales : discover your roots ans explore your family's history
Going to the sources : a guide to historical research and writing
Foreign relations of the United States, 1969-1976. Vol. 25, Arab-Israeli Crisis and War, 1973
Council of the Confessional Church in Brandenburg : [statement on confirmation celebrations] : (May 1939)
South Asians and the shaping of Britain, 1870-1950 : a sourcebook
"Authoritative, comprehensive presentation of Christian texts and texts about Christians in the Oxyrhynchus papyri"--Blumell and Wayment present a thorough compendium of all published papyri, parchments, and patristic sources that relate to Christianity at Oxyrhynchus before the fifth century CE. Christian Oxyrhynchus provides new and expanded editions of Christian literary and documentary texts that include updated readings, English translations--some of which represent the first English translation of a text--and comprehensive notes. The volume features New Testament texts carefully collated against other textual witnesses and a succinct introduction for each Oxyrhynchus text that provides information about the date of the papyrus, its unique characteristics, and textual variants. Documentary texts are grouped both by genre and date, giving readers access to the Decian Libelli, references to Christians in third- and fourth-century texts, and letters written by Christians. A compelling resource for researchers, teachers, and students, Christian Oxyrhynchus enables broad access to these crucial primary documents beyond specialists in papyrology, Greek, Latin, and Coptic.
International law documents
New York Times of November 9th, 1937 : [typescript extract on a petition to Hitler by chaplains from the armed forces]
Wellington at war, 1794-1815 : a selection of his wartime letters
Protestant pilgrims to Rome : the betrayal of Luther
Poland and Ukraine in the 1930s and 1940s : documents from the Archives of the Secret Services
Early Jewish liturgy : a sourcebook for use by students of early Christian liturgy
Documents on British policy overseas : Series 3, vol. 7. German unification, 1989-90
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 3, vol. 7
Java in the 14th century : a study in a cultural history. The N−agara-Kĕrt−agama. 2,  Notes on the texts and the translations
Translation : an advanced resource book
Twentieth century China : a history in documents
Foreign relations of the United States, 1969-1976. Volume VII, Vietnam, July 1970-January 1972
[Confirmation administered by Pastor Paul, Sunday 26 Feb.? 1939] : [translation of a note]
This paper evaluates the limited evidence of a particular Old Norse poetic form called stikki, identified, or potentially identified, in only five sources. These sources are critically reviewed in order to  assess what, if any, generalisations can be made about stikki poetry.
The Council of Brethren of the Province of Saxony : [extract from an epistle on the duty of Christians, April 28th 1938]
Sources for the study of science, technology and everyday life 1870-1950. 2, A secondary reader
Documents on British policy overseas. Series 3, vol. 6, Berlin in the Cold War, 1948-1990
The delegate from New York, or, Proceedings of the federal convention of 1787
Narrative and dramatic sources of Shakespeare. Vol. 4, Later English history plays : King John, Henry IV, Henry V, Henry VIII
The Romanian-Lithuanian relations : diplomatic documents (1919-1944)
Der Deutsche in Polen, 27th August 1939 : [typescript account of an interview with Hitler of a leading evangelical pastor from Germany]
Germany without colonies
Structure and scope. "This volume is part of a subseries of volumes of the Foreign Relations series that document the most important issues in the foreign policy of the administrations of Richard M. Nixon and Gerald R. Ford. ... This volume documents U.S. policymaking toward the Arab-Israeli dispute between January and December 1973, i.e., the months before, during, and immediately after the Arab-Israeli War of October 1973."--pp. iii-iv.
Letter to Minister for Church Affairs, on the occasion of Dr. Zoellner's resignation
An American primer
This paper describes and discusses nine different categories of 'indicators' that can be taken into consideration when assessing the historicity of accounts in Landnámabók. This presentation is specifically targeted at references to religion and religious practices in Iceland prior to the Christianization of the country. The methodological tools can be adapted to analyse other types of information, other texts, and other traditions.
Ancient Greece : social and historical documents from archaic times to the death of Socrates (c. 800-399 BC)
Conflict of youth [on Lord Halifax's speech at Oxford]
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 3, vol. 3
Silcoatian : [Dec. 1938]
The hopes of conservative Germany : improved relations of the churches with the regime [newspaper article, May 1923]
The future of German South Tyrol
Tracing your seafaring ancestors : a guide to maritime photographs for family historians
A monastic community in local society : the Beauchief Abbey Cartulary
Scottish historical documents
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 2, vol. 12, European affairs. August 5, 1934 - April 18, 1935
