http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7607 criteria
criteria
Proceedings of the C&I workshop 2002 : researches of criteria and indicators based on the Montreal Process : FFPRI, Tsukuba, Japan, 23-24 October 2002
Comparison of selection criteria of open source DBMS against proprietary DBMS
Evaluation of ISO 9001:2000 standard criteria for a small software company
English-medium instruction : seeking assessment criteria for spoken professional English
EMU after Maastricht : transition or revolution?
Evaluation of food choice behavior : development and validation of health and taste attitude scales
State steering and traditional ecological knowledge in Reindeer-Herding Governance : cases from western Finnmark, Norway and Yamal, Russia
Qualitative evaluation criteria for client relationship managers in the financial services industry
Effects of forest policy means on sustainable forest management : according to specialists in criteria and indicators - framework
Distributor evaluation model for new markets
The use of coercion in the Finnish civil psychiatric inpatients : a part of the Nordic project Paternalism and Autonomy
Maintenance procurement in Finnish process industries
Progress towards meeting economic criteria for accession : the asessment from the 2001 regular report
Reflections on big science
Towards a well-functioning economy : the evolution of economic systems and decision-making
Essays on school resources, academic achievement and student employment
The inevitability of skepticism : a study on the problem of the criterion
Web wisdom : how to evaluate and create information quality on the Web
Criteria Selection for International Aviation Passengers : Case: Regular Flights between two Nordic Countries
The state of forestry in Finland 2000 : criteria and indicators for sustainable forest management in Finland
Operational standards and guidelines for biodiversity management in tropical and subtropical forest plantations - how widely do they cover an ecological framework?
Global sourcing of ready-to-wear garments : a case study: Vietnam as sourcing market for Naisten Pukutehdas Oy
Practical job hunting manual for hospitality students in Helsinki
European Monetary Union : Europe's great gamble
The employment effects of the Maastricht fiscal criteria
Successful crisis communication  in the public sector: Communication experts’ views on best practices and quality
Health promoting sports club : youth sports clubs' health promotion profiles, guidance and associated coaching practice, in Finland
Status and trends in forest management worldwide : 1980-2000
Selection criteria for car rental customers at Helsinki Airport : Customer survey
Sustainable tourism : papers collected from the 98' International Geographic Union Study Group Meeting
Operational standards and guidelines for biodiversity management in tropical and subtropical forest plantations : how widely do they cover an ecological framework?
Inquiries into the fundamentals of aesthetics
Aspects of collecting = Aspekte des Sammelns : Essl Museum, Wien, 20.11.2009 - 28.02.2010 / Katalogredaktion = editorial staff: Anna Szöke ; Autoren = authors: Karlheinz Essl, Stephan Schmidt-Wulffen, alla teilnehmenden Direktoren = all participating directors ; Texte zu den Künstlern = texts about the artists: Martin Engler, Yuko Hasegawa, Malg
Invisible influence : the hidden forces that shape behavior
Integration of the Baltic States into the EU and institutions of fiscal convergence
Criteria and indicators for sustainable forest management : a compendium
National assessment and the criteria for evaluation
Progress towards meeting economic criteria for accession : the assessment from the 2001 Regular report
The internet : its impact and evaluation : proceedings of an international forum held at Cumberland Lodge, Windsor Park, 16-18th July 1999
Competitiveness and cohesion : trends in the regions : fifth periodic report on the social and economic situation and development of the regions in the Community
Environmental certification and Emas registration of educational establishments : step-by-step guide to Emas 2004
Decision support for forest management
English-medium instruction: seeking assessment criteria for spoken professional English
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to research and measure usability of websites implemented  with open source publishing platform WordPress implemented by the case  company Go:group. The case company is a full service digital agency that provides  web services and consultation according to their clients' needs. The objective of this  study was to research aspects affecting usability of the websites and to receive valid  information about the usability of websites from the customers of Go:group. The  case company did not have previous data about the topic from their customers.  The theory part of the research consists of usability, websites and measuring usability.  The study is concentrated on the context of using the website, the website itself,  goals for the site and the usability measurements criteria. The theory has been used  as the basis and to derive the criteria for measuring the usability.  Data and feedback on usability of websites implemented with WordPress was gathered  by implementing a semi-structured survey to the case company's clients over  phone. The number of respondents was 22 which enabled drawing valid conclusions  of how the customers of Go:group do perceive the usability of websites implemented  with open source publishing platform WordPress.  The outcome of the research was that in average effectiveness as usability measurements  criterion indicates the most usable results, and memorability gives the least  usable results. In addition to the aspects affecting usability, the customers' interest  towards outsourcing the websites' maintenance was examined as expected by the  case company. Even though the case company has not offered outsourcing service so  far, it turned out that most of the customers were interested in a maintenance contract  provided by Go:group.
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to create a distributor evaluation model with measurable criteria for a Finnish manufacturing company, which conducts marketing, distribution and after-sales activities in export markets through independent distributors. The company is considering entering new markets and one of the major questions the company has encountered in the market entry phase is: How to evaluate and rank the distributor candidates?  The conceptual framework of the thesis compromised of three parts: Theoretical part, qualitative research and final outcome of the thesis. The theoretical part was built on literature and other sources on distribution management, supply chain management and relationship management. They suggest that relationships are the company's most important asset and that proper risk evaluation, both financial and operational, in the partner selection is necessary as being prepared for problems is more efficient than spending precious time in solving problems ad-hoc.  The empirical research was conducted in three phases. First, the researcher interviewed the sales management in the case company about their expectations for an ideal distributor. The second part was to benchmark successful exporters on their processes in selecting, evaluation and maintaining relationships with their distributors. The third part included the introduction of Analytical Hierarchy Process into a distributor selection process. The Analytic hierarchy process is based on human's ability to make decisions on small problems. Based on the case company's expectations and results from benchmarked companies, an ideal distributor profile was drawn. The profile was finally processed using AHP-online software and an evaluation tool with weight of the criteria was created. The tool was tested by submitting information on candidates that the case company previously evaluated when they searched for a distributor in Russia during 2013. The AHP-process demonstrated much clearer difference between the alternatives and changed final ranking order between positions 2 and 3 compared to the original result.  An ideal distributor is an expert in the industry, has an existing customer base and a variety of completing products to serve the target group. Finally, desire and motivation strives distributor to success. Passivation of a distributor is a most common obstacle that exporters face in their distributor relationships. Regular communication and close relationships help to maintain information exchange and sales on desired level.
Collecting the new : museums and contemporary art / edited by Bruce Altshuler
Implementing a green philosophy in hotel lobbies, Finland
The wood handbook
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Tiivistelmä: Pakon käyttö psykiatristen potilaiden sairaalahoidossa Suomessa : osio yhteispohjoismaista projektia Paternalism and Autonomy.
What motivates students to travel abroad?
State of Finland's Forest 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Evaluation : the sustainability dimension in addressing poverty reduction : synthesis of evaluations
State of Finland's forests 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Usability of websites implemented with open source publishing platform Wordpress : Case company Go:group Oy / Salla Paajanen
The prevention of problems related to disallowed disability pensions : a report commissioned by the Parlamentary Trustees of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland
Methods and tools for enterprise architecture
Creation of the peer review criteria for infected wound management
Central and Eastern Europe : prospects for EMU membership
Suicidal alcoholics, meterosexual family men and other heroes? : representations of modern athletic hero
Green procurement in Kenyan hospitals : exploring the awareness and opportunities for Kenyan hospitals to implement green procurement
The professions : roles and rules
Principles and methods for determining ecological criteria on hydrobiocenoses : proceedings of the European Scientific Colloquium, Luxembourg, November 1975
Quality criteria for scientific futures research
Criteria and indicators for sustainable forest management
This thesis is based on the project conducted by the author who created a practical job hunting manual for hospitality students in Helsinki. The idea for this project was formed over half a year ago, during the spring of 2008 when the author was looking for a summer job. She found it challenging to acquire all the necessary information in English and more specifically for her place of residence, Helsinki. This grievance was echoed by some of her fellow students, which is when the author decided to create her own manual.    The purpose of this thesis is to provide a concise and targeted manual of job hunting methods in English for hospitality students in Helsinki. The objectives of this thesis are to a) examine the Finnish labor market as well as the prediction of future labor opportunities and trends in the hospitality industry, b) inspect general recruitment methods, c) discuss general selection processes, focusing especially on interviews which are still the most common selection tools used today and d) link the findings to the practical advice in the manual, to show how they were applied and to make sure that the advice is reliable and valid.    The research was based on recent articles, HRM textbooks, course material and an interview. The product was developed with its target market in mind which included conducting a SWOT analysis, part of which was addressing the threat of similar products on the market. These competitors are discussed, giving significance to the product. A brief sketch of how the product could be promoted closes off the chapter dealing with the project plan.     In conclusion of the key results, the labor market in Finland looks promising for the service industry; the creation of new jobs is anticipated also in the hotel, restaurant and tourism sectors. Recruitment was found to be made up of a series of steps usually beginning with a job description followed by internal recruiting and in many cases also external recruiting. When there is great need, an organization may decide to hold a special event or invest in college recruiting. The amount and type of selection processes used by an organization will depend largely on its size, its need and the level of difficulty involved in finding the right people. The interview is the most common selection tool. Some organizations will also use employment tests as part of their screening process. Much of the advice was formulated from these findings and is based on an understanding of recruitment and selection processes from the perspective of the employer.
Selection criteria of sport news in Finnish national and regional newspapers
Economic valuation with stated preference techniques : a manual
Designing undergraduate education
The participation of states in international organisations : the role of human rights and democracy
Personnel selection : adding value through people
International supplier evaluation criteria for small and medium sized enterprises
Evaluating elevator landing door fire testing services
Adoptive and foster parent screening : a professional guide for evaluations
Qualitative Evaluation Criteria for Client Relationship Managers in the Financial Services Industry
Intergovernmental seminar on criteria and indicators for sustainable forest management, August 19-22, 1996, Helsinki, Finland : final document
Recruiting Trainees : a Case Study on Regional Offices in Brussels
Scandinavian Financial Research Ltd (SFR) is an international research company locat-ed in Helsinki, Finland. It is the premier research and consulting partner for key decision makers in the institutional financial services market in Scandinavia. SFR conducts two main research programmes yearly: Investment Services Programme and Corporate Banking Programme. The service quality evaluations of client relationship managers, which are crucial to SFR's clients, are incorporated in both programmes. The objective of the thesis is to analyze the current evaluation criteria used to measure client relation-ship managers' service quality in the financial services industry, and to create a more refined version for SFR.    The theoretical background first briefly describes the importance and the roles of the client relationship managers in today's financial market. This is followed by a theoretical analysis of the current criteria for measuring client relationship managers' service performance. Twelve predefined criteria were created as a result of the analysis. This new set of criteria was examined and improved through in-depth interviews with financial specialists of asset management companies and corporate banking organizations.    Qualitative research methodology was adopted for this thesis. Seven structured inter-views were completed successfully in a strict and confidential manner. All the interviews were conducted on a face-to-face basis. The valuable insights and comments from inter-viewees were recorded in a research diary.    The findings indicated that all twelve criteria were important in evaluating client rela-tionship managers' service performance. While there may be differences in opinions in the order of importance for some criteria, it is imperative to note that no single criteri-on could be omitted, as evidenced from the results of the interviews.     In conclusion, this was a successful study. The study supports the theoretical back-ground and contributes to the importance of non-financial performance criteria for evaluating relationship managers in the financial service industry. The findings exceeded the expectations of commissioning party SFR. The contributions of this study for SFR are presented in chapter 6.
Quality principles for cultural Websites : a handbook
Criteria and indicators for sustainable plantation forestry in India
Decision-making in the front-end of innovations in an industrial enterprise
Jujitsu : basic techniques of the gentle art
Sustainability assessment of forest resources - tools for a problem-orientated approach
Businesses have a responsibility to conform to continuously tightened environmental laws and regulations as well as deliver more ecological products and services to an environmentally conscious target market. As the hotel lobby serves as the first on-site experience to a customer entering a hotel, the thesis scope on implementing a green philosophy was narrowed to this area. Focus was on the functional tangible elements of the lobby's service design. In order to investigate and answer the research question: 'how should green philosophy be implemented in hotel lobbies', hotels which had been granted the Swan label by SFS Ecolabelling were chosen as the population of the research. These hotels readily implemented environmental criteria to reduce their impact on the environment and perhaps could serve an example of the thesis topic.     The research population was located in Helsinki metropolitan area of Finland. The research was carried out in two parts. A questionnaire was made by using a web based program for collection of more detailed data on products and equipment used in lobby premises. The main research was the observational research done on-site in the hotel lobbies of population which had agreed on the visit. For this part of the research photographs were taken of the tangible elements which reflected, or did not reflect ecological values. Most of the research was qualitative but the quantitative nature of the research questionnaire could not be overlooked and therefore also included a small quantitative element. Factors of research were mostly based on Swan label criteria relevant to hotel lobbies.    Results indicated that hotel lobbies have not been given much attention in fulfilling environmental criteria and implementing a green philosophy had room for improvement. A GREENBOOK check-list was written into the appendix to give guidance to management in implementing a green philosophy in the hotel lobbies. Several factors must be considered in developing more ecological lobbies including recycling, energy- and water-consumption as well as ergonomics. Service flow and safety are not to be forgotten. The scope of the thesis could have covered developing an entire hotel, but would have been overwhelmingly broad as a thesis topic. Ideas which derived for further research can be examined in the concluding chapters.
Usability of the testing criteria for English proficiency in competence tests : assessor perceptions
Evaluation of enterprise and software architectures : critical issues, metrics and practices
Health promoting sports club : youth sports clubs' health promotion profiles, guidance, and associated coaching practice, in Finland
Travel photography in a day for dummies
How to win the Nobel Prize in literature : a handbook for the would-be laureate
First name choices in Zagreb and Sofia
Handbook of good practice in personnel assessment
Red list of Baltic Sea underwater biotopes, habitats and biotope complexes
Evaluating and improving websites : the tourism destination web watch
An analysis of the selection and evaluation of suppliers in low-cost countries
Selection of freight forwarders : case company Priotec Oy
The grounds for evaluating retailers as middlemen
Comparative research of Finnish, Norwegian and Swedish poultry refiners' consumer package preferences
EMU and enlargement : a review of policy issues
Intergovernmental seminar on criteria and indicators for sustainable forest management August 19-22, 1996, Helsinki, Finland : background document
Medication competence requirements of a graduating registered nurse : towards national consensus
EURO 1999, 25 March 1998 : report on progress towards convergence and recommendation with a view to the transition to the third stage of economic and monetary union. Part 1, Recommendation
PAN Parks implementation process : cross cultural comparison - Bieszczady & Slovenski Raij National Parks
The concept of betterness and sport competitions
European Economic and Monetary Union : the institutional framework
New materials, processes, and methods technology
Value added taxation in the European Union and its effects on a refunding company
Criteria and indicators for sustainable plantation forestry in Indonesia
EMU : getting the end-game right
