http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7606 selection criteria
selection criteria
Adoptive and foster parent screening : a professional guide for evaluations
Media choice : a theoretical and empirical overview
Food quality and preference
Personnel selection : adding value through people
Essays on school resources, academic achievement and student employment
Designing undergraduate education
How to win the Nobel Prize in literature : a handbook for the would-be laureate
Methods and tools for enterprise architecture
Comparative research of Finnish, Norwegian and Swedish poultry refiners' consumer package preferences
Managing acquisitions in library and information services
Consumer attitudes towards buying organic food
The psychology of personnel selection
Consumer behavior
Invisible influence : the hidden forces that shape behavior
This thesis is based on the project conducted by the author who created a practical job hunting manual for hospitality students in Helsinki. The idea for this project was formed over half a year ago, during the spring of 2008 when the author was looking for a summer job. She found it challenging to acquire all the necessary information in English and more specifically for her place of residence, Helsinki. This grievance was echoed by some of her fellow students, which is when the author decided to create her own manual.    The purpose of this thesis is to provide a concise and targeted manual of job hunting methods in English for hospitality students in Helsinki. The objectives of this thesis are to a) examine the Finnish labor market as well as the prediction of future labor opportunities and trends in the hospitality industry, b) inspect general recruitment methods, c) discuss general selection processes, focusing especially on interviews which are still the most common selection tools used today and d) link the findings to the practical advice in the manual, to show how they were applied and to make sure that the advice is reliable and valid.    The research was based on recent articles, HRM textbooks, course material and an interview. The product was developed with its target market in mind which included conducting a SWOT analysis, part of which was addressing the threat of similar products on the market. These competitors are discussed, giving significance to the product. A brief sketch of how the product could be promoted closes off the chapter dealing with the project plan.     In conclusion of the key results, the labor market in Finland looks promising for the service industry; the creation of new jobs is anticipated also in the hotel, restaurant and tourism sectors. Recruitment was found to be made up of a series of steps usually beginning with a job description followed by internal recruiting and in many cases also external recruiting. When there is great need, an organization may decide to hold a special event or invest in college recruiting. The amount and type of selection processes used by an organization will depend largely on its size, its need and the level of difficulty involved in finding the right people. The interview is the most common selection tool. Some organizations will also use employment tests as part of their screening process. Much of the advice was formulated from these findings and is based on an understanding of recruitment and selection processes from the perspective of the employer.
Wine quality : tasting and selection
Customer switching behavior in retailing
Value added taxation in the European Union and its effects on a refunding company
Practical job hunting manual for hospitality students in Helsinki
Selection criteria for car rental customers at Helsinki Airport : Customer survey
JoAnn Moody shows majority campuses, faculty, and administrators how to dismantle the high barriers that block women and especially minorities from entry and advancement in the professoriate. Good practices for improving recruitment, evaluation, mentorship, and retention are offered.
An analysis of the selection and evaluation of suppliers in low-cost countries
Reflections on big science
Discrete choice methods with simulation
The omnivore's dilemma : the search for a perfect meal in a fast-food world
The Sara Hildén Foundation collection of international modern art / Timo Vuorikoski
Distributor evaluation model for new markets
Criteria Selection for International Aviation Passengers : Case: Regular Flights between two Nordic Countries
Institution design and the preference ranking assumption
The psychology of food choice
Unbinding the Japanese novel in English translation : the Alfred A. Knopf program, 1955 – 1977
Maintenance procurement in Finnish process industries
The site selection process for a spent fuel repository in Finland : Summary report
New materials, processes, and methods technology
Valuing animal welfare : measuring consumer response with choice experiments
Faculty diversity : problems and solutions
Selection of freight forwarders : case company Priotec Oy
Comparison of selection criteria of open source DBMS against proprietary DBMS
Managing electronic reserves
School and choice : an ethnography of a primary school with bilingual classes
They'll never walk alone? : the multiple settings of children's active transportation and independent mobility
Totally  interactive guitar bible
Selection criteria of sport news in Finnish national and regional newspapers
Evaluation of enterprise and software architectures : critical issues, metrics and practices
Evaluation of food choice behaviour : development and validation of health and taste attitude scales
What motivates students to travel abroad?
Travel photography in a day for dummies
Electric guitar : handbook
Unbinding the Japanese novel in English translation : the Alfred A. Knopf program, 1955-1977
Decision making processes and criteria when Finnish companies choose a fair service provider for fairs abroad
Applied choice analysis : a primer
Public choice theory and local government : a comparative analysis of the UK and the USA
Deception in selection : interviewees and the psychology of deceit
The wood handbook
Evaluation of food choice behavior : development and validation of health and taste attitude scales
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to create a distributor evaluation model with measurable criteria for a Finnish manufacturing company, which conducts marketing, distribution and after-sales activities in export markets through independent distributors. The company is considering entering new markets and one of the major questions the company has encountered in the market entry phase is: How to evaluate and rank the distributor candidates?  The conceptual framework of the thesis compromised of three parts: Theoretical part, qualitative research and final outcome of the thesis. The theoretical part was built on literature and other sources on distribution management, supply chain management and relationship management. They suggest that relationships are the company's most important asset and that proper risk evaluation, both financial and operational, in the partner selection is necessary as being prepared for problems is more efficient than spending precious time in solving problems ad-hoc.  The empirical research was conducted in three phases. First, the researcher interviewed the sales management in the case company about their expectations for an ideal distributor. The second part was to benchmark successful exporters on their processes in selecting, evaluation and maintaining relationships with their distributors. The third part included the introduction of Analytical Hierarchy Process into a distributor selection process. The Analytic hierarchy process is based on human's ability to make decisions on small problems. Based on the case company's expectations and results from benchmarked companies, an ideal distributor profile was drawn. The profile was finally processed using AHP-online software and an evaluation tool with weight of the criteria was created. The tool was tested by submitting information on candidates that the case company previously evaluated when they searched for a distributor in Russia during 2013. The AHP-process demonstrated much clearer difference between the alternatives and changed final ranking order between positions 2 and 3 compared to the original result.  An ideal distributor is an expert in the industry, has an existing customer base and a variety of completing products to serve the target group. Finally, desire and motivation strives distributor to success. Passivation of a distributor is a most common obstacle that exporters face in their distributor relationships. Regular communication and close relationships help to maintain information exchange and sales on desired level.
First name choices in Zagreb and Sofia
Economic valuation with stated preference techniques : a manual
