http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7611 cuneiform writing
cuneiform writing
"Analysis and publication (translation, transliteration, commentary, scans) of newly discovered cuneiform documents written by the Judean exiles living in Babylonia in the sixth century BC, after Nebuchadnezzar's invasion of Judea. Includes names of individuals mentioned in the biblical books of Ezra and Nehemiah"--
The archæology of the cuneiform inscriptions
The invention of cuneiform : writing in Sumer
The vassal-treaties of Esarhaddon
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 11, Imperial administrative records, part 2 : Provincial and military administration
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 13, Letters from priests to the kings Esarhaddon and Assurbanibal
Letters from Assyrian scholars to the Kings Esarhaddon and Assurbanipal. Part 2 A, Introduction and appendix
Cuneiform texts : old Babylonian contracts and related material
The eponyms of the Assyrian Empire 910-612 BC
Babylonian penitential psalms to which are added fragments of the epic of creation from Kish in the Weld collection of the Ashmolean Museum : excavated by the Oxford-Field museum expedition
A remarkable collection of Babylonian mathematical texts
Royal inscriptions and fragments from Nippur and Babylon
Mari and Karana : two old Babylonian cities
The role of Naqia/Zakutu in sargonid politics
Historical and grammatical texts
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 7, Imperial administrative records, part 1 : Palace and temple administration
The standard Babylonian Etana Epic
Ludlul bēl nēmeqi : the standard Babylonian poem of the righteous sufferer : introduction, cuneiform text, and transliteration with a translation and glossary
The archive of the Nappāḫu family
Mesopotamian Divination Texts : Conversing with the Gods : Sources from the First Millennium BCE
Babylonian penitential psalms to which are added fragments of the epic of creation from Kish in the Weld collection of the Ashmolean Museum
Empires of the plain : Henry Rawlinson and the lost languages of Babylon
Wilhelm Lagus : a pioneer of cuneiform research in Finland
Neo-Babylonian legal and administrative documents : typology, contents and archives
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 15, The correspondence of Sargon II. Part III : letters from Babylonia and the eastern provinces
The omen series šumma izbu
The use of numbers and quantifications in the Assyrian royal inscriptions
Documents from the temple archives of Nippur : dated in the reigns of Cassite rulers (incomplete dates). [2]
Neo-Sumerian account texts in the Horn Archaeological Museum. [2]
Writing
History of the cuneiform lexical tradition
Rebellions and peripheries in the cuneiform world
Cuneiform texts : the archives of Nūršamaš and other loans
Selected royal inscriptions of Assurbanipal : L3, L4, LET, Prism I, Prism T, and related texts : introduction, cuneiform text and transliteration wiht translation, glossary, indices and sign list
Cuneiform inscriptions in the collection of the Bible Lands Museum Jerusalem : the old Babylonian inscriptions
A primer on Ugaritic : language, culture, and literature
Inscriptions from al-Hiba-Lagash : the first and second seasons
Documents of Judean exiles and West Semites in Babylonia in the collection of David Sofer
Neo-Sumerian texts from South Dakota University, Luther and Union Colleges : autograph copies and indexes of cuneiform documents
The seven tablets of creation : or the Babylonian and Assyrian legends concerning the creation of the world and of mankind
The ark before Noah : decoding the story of the Flood
Documents from the temple archives of Nippur : dated in the reigns of Cassite rulers (complete dates). [1]
The standard Babylonian Epic of Anzu
The scourge of God : the Umman-manda and its significance in the first millenium BC
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 2, Neo-Assyrian treaties and loyalty oaths
A catalogue of the Akkadian cuneiform tablets in the collections of the Royal Scottish Museum, Edinburgh, with copies of the texts
Babylonian hymns and prayers by David W. Myhrman
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 6, Legal transactions of the royal court of Niniveh, Part 1 : Tiglath-Pileser III through Esarhaddon
Late Babylonian astronomical and related texts
Old Babylonian inscriptions chiefly from Nippur
The Oxford handbook of cuneiform culture
Divination is one of the best documented intellectual and religious endeavours of Ancient Mesopotamia. Texts pertaining to divination appear already at the beginning of the 2nd millennium BCE and the tradition continued up until the very end of cuneiform culture. But the lifespan of Mesopotamian divination is much longer than two millennia. It gestated in the 3rd millennium and remnants live on to this day in astrology and astronomy. This volume is dedicated to the sources from the 1st millennium. They are rich and varied, consisting of technical and theoretical works, explanatory texts, commentaries as well as ephemeral sources for the practical use of divination in the life of king and commoner. From being the preserves of a very few specialists, divination has become an important topic of study with new text editions and studies appearing every year, this book provides a survey of the sources, as well as an introduction to the history, theory and practice of the various divination genres.
Eblaitica : essays on the Ebla archives and Eblaite language. Vol. 2
Handbook of Ugaritic studies
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 14, Legal transactions of the Royal Court of Nineveh : part 2 : Assurbanipal through Sin-šarru-iškun
Hezekiah and the Assyrian spies : reconstruction of the Neo-Assyrian intelligence services and its significance for 2 kings 18-19
Neo-Sumerian account texts in the Horn Archaeological Museum. [3]
Cuneiform texts : texts of varying content
Eblaitica : essays on the Ebla archives and Eblaite language. Vol. 4
Early cuneiform texts in Jena : Pre-Sargonic and Sargonic documents from Nippur and Fara in the Hilprecht-Sammlung vorderasiatischer Altertümer, Institut für Altertumswissenschaften der Friedrich-Schiller-Universität, Jena
The royal inscriptions of Sennacherib, king of Assyria (704-681 BC). Part 2
Palaeography and scribal practices in Syro-Palestine and Anatolia in the Late Bronze Age : papers read at a symposium in Leiden, 17-18 December 2009
Eblaitica : essays on the Ebla archives and Eblaite language. Vol. 3
The cuneiform texts
Nippur in late Assyrian times c. 755-612 BC
Bound for Exile, the companion volume of The Raging Torrent, presents a collection of cuneiform texts that relate to the Israelites and Judeans living under the yoke of the great Mesopotamian empires during the 8th-6th centuries BCE. Through these texts, uncovered in ancient Assyria and Babylonia, as well as in the Land of Israel, we learn of the masses of Israelites and Judeans deported to distant parts of the ancient Near East, and the few left behind to live alongside new settlers who were in turn transferred to Israel. Little is known of the life led by the exiles abroad. All the texts in this innovative collection have been newly translated from the most recent editions of the original documents. They are introduced by concise historical surveys. A consecutive commentary and select bibliography accompany each selection. Illustrative material - maps and photographs - provide additional accessibility to the sources.
Mathematical cuneiform texts
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
Translation, transliteration, and commentary of cuneiform documents from Babylonia dating to the Kassite period, the middle of the second millennium BCE, in ancient Iraq.
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 1, The correspondence of Sargon II. Part 1 : letters from Assyria and the West
Neo-Sumerian account texts in the Horn Archaeological Museum. [1]
Cuneiform texts : administrative texts from the Ur III dynasty
Old Babylonian account texts in the Horn Archaeology Museum
Excavations at Nuzi. Volume 3, Old Akkadian, Sumerian and Cappadocian texts from Nuzi
Old Babylonian omen texts
Bound for exile : Israelites and Judeans under imperial yoke : documents from Assyria and Babylonia
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 3, Court poetry and literary miscellanea
Inscribed Babylonian Tablets in the posession of sir Henry Peek, bart
Corpus inscriptionum Iranicarum. P. 4, Persian inscriptions down to the early Safavid period. Vol. 47 : India: state of Harayana : Harayana I : the column of Fîrûz Shâh and other Islamic inscriptions from the district of Hisar : plates i-xc
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 12, Grants, decrees and gifts of the Neo-Assyrian period
Old babylonian texts from Kish : conserved in the Istanbul Achaelogical Museum
Cuneiform in Canaan : cuneiform sources from the Land of Israel in ancient times
Reading and writing in Babylon
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 8, Astrological reports to Assyrian kings
Die keilalphabetischen Texte aus Ugarit, Ras Ibn Hani und anderen Orten : KTU = The Cuneiform alphabetic texts from Ugarit, Ras Ibn Hani and other places
Women's roles in the Neo-Assyrian era : female agency in the empire
From the tablets of Sumer : twenty-five firsts in man's recorded history
"The cuneiform script, the writing system of ancient Mesopotamia, was witness to one of the world's oldest literate cultures. For over three millennia, it was the vehicle of communication from (at its greatest extent) Iran to the Mediterranean, Anatolia to Egypt. The Oxford Handbook of Cuneiform Culture examines the Ancient Middle East through the lens of cuneiform writing. The contributors, a mix of scholars from across the disciplines, explore, define, and to some extent look beyond the boundaries of the written word, using Mesopotamia's clay tablets and stone inscriptions not just as 'texts' but also as material artefacts that offer much additional information about their creators, readers, users and owners"--Provided by publisher.
Corpus inscriptionum Iranicarum. Part 4, Persian inscriptions down to the early Safavid period, Vol. 49 : India : state of Rajasthan : Rajasthan I : plates i-lxxxvii
Word-list of the cuneiform alphabetic texts from Ugarit, Ras Ibn Hani and other places : (KTU: second, enlarged edition)
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 4, Queries to the Sungod : divination and politics in Sargonid Assyria
Neo-Assyrian judicial procedures
Cuneiform texts in the Metropolitan Museum of Art
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 9, Assyrian prophecies
Middle Babylonian texts in the Cornell University collections. 1, The later kings
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 10, Letters from Assyrian and Babylonian scholars
Eblaitica : essays on the Ebla archives and Eblaite language. Vol. 1
Cuneiform texts : old Babylonian contracts and juridical texts
The standard Babylonian creation myth Enūma Eliš
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 42
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 5, The correspondence of Sargon II. Part 2 : Letters from the northern and northeastern provinces
The Babylonian story of the deluge and the Epic of Gilgamesh : with an account of the Royal libraries of Niniveh
The Nimrud wine lists : a study of men and administration at the Assyrian capital in the eighth centuury B.C
Persepolis seal studies : an introduction with provisional concordances of seal numbers and associated documents on Fortification Tablets 1-2087
Hittite logograms and Hittite scholarship
Assyro-Babylonian liver-divination
Letters to Cassite kings from the temple archives of Nippur
Miscellaneous Assyrian texts of the British Museum with textual notes
Law from the Tigris to the Tiber : the writings of Raymond Westbrook. Volume 2, Cuneiform and biblical sources
Corpus inscriptionum Iranicarum. P. 3, Pahlavi inscriptions. Vol. 1: Royal inscriptions, with their Parthian and Greek versions. Texts 1: die dreisprachige Inschrift Sabuhrs I. an der Ka'ba-i Zardust (SKZ), Bd 1-2
They wrote on clay : the Babylonian tablets speak today
