http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7616 concepts (outlines)
concepts (outlines)
The business of hotels
Putting the elements of the retail store environment into practice : case: Bestseller
Abstract.
In this thesis work there is described the CE-process and product̕s Maturity steps in development process. It was noticed that the early phase of the CE-process design work should be developed towards more functional and modern phase. Reason for this development work was a huge person investment to product̕s plans and the expansion of the first steps of the CE-process. The base for the process renewal was new concepting process proposal. The target was to create more detailed concepting process, which defines working phases before the start of the CE-process. This concepting process was tested in new product̕s concept creation work. Result of this thesis was a description of the Pre E-1 concepting process. By this concepting process work also two new mechanics Maturity Steps were developed: MM-2 and MM-1. The result of these steps is to get more exact opinion for the functionality of the concept results.
Creating experiences : a manual for the adventure brewery restaurant "Gipsmühle" Hohenschwangau
Vietnamese confectionery market analysis and entry plan : case: Candyking Finland Oy
Conceptual design for engineers
Analysing change : focus on the concept from idea to prototype
Russians are an important customer segment in Finnish tourism. They make over two thirds of the whole amount of foreign tourists coming to Finland per year. Tourism infrastructure in Tampere region is versatile and potential. The problem is that no large scale efforts are made to attract Russian travelers to Tampere. This research was made to construct an operative model for strategic cooperation network which would act as a tourism development organization concentrating on Russian customers. The network model represents a strategic cooperation between research and development operators and tourism companies in the Tampere region. This collaboration aims to utilize the knowledge resources of both parties in strategically planned processes. The objective of these processes is allocating and conceptualizing the tourism supply for Russian customers through product development. The prospects of making the Tampere region a more attractive travelling destination to Russian customers is feasible. It does not require extensive operations, but it can be done with developing products/services and service readiness/competency. The main objectives are to satisfy current needs of Russian customers, to create more demand and to productize the tourism supply considering Russian travelers.
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
Stripes : a conceptual operating system user interface
Developing a car maintenance service concept for business customers – a case study of Veho Autotalot Oy
Creating a business concept for a street wear, skateboard and snowboard shop : Alley 53 Inc
Ownership effect in concept selection
Process 50 product designs from concept to manufacture
Transmission : an exploration into the product-experience design concept
Construction of business concepts : a comparative case study of design-oriented enterprises
Apparel merchandising : the line starts here
The Kawa model : culturally relevant occupational therapy
A Study of User Experience: Aesthetic, Tangible User Interface Concepts in the Context of Adaptive Hotel Room
Festival and special event management
The advertising concept book : think now, design later : a complete guide to creative ideas, strategies and campaigns
Operational model for strategic cooperation network
Frame it simple! : towards a theory of conceptual designing
Towards successful production concepts in global environment : the final report of "Production anticipation in multicultural environments" research project
Market orientation : Evaluation of organization's internal information processes and their antecedents : Case Specta AG
Design cognition for conceptual design
Abstract: This Bachelor's Thesis was studying business marketing research for concept development project. In theoretical part of the thesis the context of marketing research in product development and marketing research process were described. The empirical part was concentrating on the implementation of marketing research in Polish market for specific management problem of the case company.  The topic of the thesis was given by the client company to provide them more information about conducting marketing research and to discover information about market potential and customer preferences of one specific concept development project in the company. The goal was to provide information to concept development problem but also to share recommendations for conducting marketing research in the future in similar projects. The marketing research was conducted by qualitative research methods in secondary data and quantitative methods on primary data, which were gathered via survey. The research was conforming to characteristics of applied research, since it was concentrating on real-life business problem and it was done as one project.  In the theoretical part the role of marketing research in product development was discovered as well as the theory of marketing research process as six steps model: 1) problem definition 2) developing research approach 3) developing research design 4) data collection 5) data analysis 6) reporting. The secondary data of empirical part were describing the EU-legislation of waste processing, statistical data and market situation of the case product. In the primary data the results of the survey were explained and afterwards conclusion were drawn based on secondary and primary data to describe the desired characteristics of the product, market and sales potential and market positioning.  The results of empirical part were used within the client organization in decision making and the information and recommendations based on the theoretical part were used to help in implementation of similar projects in the future.
Power Catamaran Design Study : eCat hybrid
The best of both worlds : designing a seamless integration of the in-store and digital retail experience
Merchandising : theory, principles, and practice
Design connections : knowledge, value and involvement through design
Concept to customer
Service design : a conceptualisation of an emerging practice
Customer satisfaction survey as a tool for improving an internal service : case: Nokia
Steam and sound : the creation process of the Acoustic Sauna concept
ISO Recommendation. R 860 : international unification of consepts and terms
Biotechnology in cosmetics : concepts, tools and techniques
Strategic technology management : building bridges between sciences, engineering and business management
Designing for experiences : case of a mobile imaging system
A design perspective for the concepting process in the maritime industry : rationality and aspiration
Concept and usability design of a hypermedia application for psychotherapeutic use
Intelligent systems : modeling, optimization, and control
Developing a European Youth Hostel Concept  : Case: May Hostel, Ho Chi Minh City
Product concept design : a review of the conceptual design of products in industry
Designing home air quality communicator
The swedes are here and they've opened a usefulshöpp : strong brand vs weak brand
Premium by design : how to understand, design and market high end products
Domesticating the web
This paper summarizes a case study within which the concept of design thinking (Brown 2009) has been used to  construct a practical user-centered process to support rapid product concept creation in an entrepreneurship education  program. This process has been established within the DevLAB program at the Oulu University of Applied Sciences in Finland  which acts as a permanent pre-incubator program for university level students and professionals accessing re-training.  Design thinking was chosen as the basis of the program to support interdisciplinary teams that need to work together  effectively. Design thinking is useful in this scenario since it is a suitable methodology for projects in any field. It is especially  well suited to ill-defined problems. This paper will summarize the context, curriculum and preliminary outcomes associated  with this design thinking process. It will also outline how design thinking has become an integral aspect of the development  phases that interdisciplinary teams of students go through to build prototypes and create start-ups as part of their studies.  While this program is still relatively new, preliminary feedback from participants suggests that the design thinking is an  effective model for supporting the development of project work within entrepreneurship education at the higher education  level. Ultimately, this case aims to educate people who can apply the tools of design thinking into their careers.
Advertising by design : generating and designing creative ideas across media
Concept and marketing plan for a sports resort
Basics creative photography. 02, Context and narrative
Situational awareness concept in a multinational collaboration environment : challenges in the information sharing framework
Experiential retailing : concepts and strategies that sell
Service Science: concepts, technology, management : a guide to service science for academians and practitioners
IMPROVe : enabling the conditions for a heightened perception of the environment
Melog and the zhongguo tong : how the world got to know China
Mobile technology for interest-based communities: concept design with a knowledge-based approach
Abstract: -
"The Kawa Model: Culturally Relevant Occupational Therapy presents a new conceptual model of practice that heralds an important shift in the discourses of theory and culture in occupational therapy. The profession's first substantial theoretical work to emerge outside the West impels occupational therapy beyond its familiar bases of individual autonomy and agency, toward collective-oriented, interdependent views of human occupation. Infused with Eastern philosophical perspectives and world views, the Kawa Model brings nature and ecology to the profession's evolving rational dialectic." "The Kawa (Japanese for river) model uses a familiar metaphor of nature as an effective medium to translate subjective views of self, life, well-being and the meanings of occupations. The familiarity of the metaphor - to both therapists and clients alike - and the ease with which its framework can be comprehended and applied makes this model an effective and highly relevant tool for an increasingly diverse global clientele." "The Kawa Model will challenge occupational therapy students, practitioners, educators and researchers to comprehend their theory in a critical light and consider how to advance their practice and profession toward a more inclusive and meaningful direction."--BOOK JACKET.
Staged - a stage to dwell
Business marketing research : case: BMH Technology Oy
Product pre-concept creation
Food and beverage management for the hospitality, tourism and event industries / John Cousins, David Foskett and Andrew Pennington
Development of Anticafe Concept in Finland
Create : eating, design and future food, the future laboratory
Key concepts in innovation
Concept Design for a Fitness Center
Creating a Product Concept to  Oy High Peak Finland Ltd.
add-on concept for aiding the use of prams in snowy conditions
Stallhagen Cider, what would it look like? : packaging design concepts for a premium cider
Colors for modern fashion : drawing fashion with colored markers
Design Thinking in Teaching : Product Concept Creation in the DevLAB Program
Navigating in the clouds : enhancing the selection process of a personal cloud storage
The design process
Forest and Well-Being Services for Tourists : Case:Nuuksio
Concept design as managerial challenge : the model of concept design of II generation new product development process research
Ceramic concept design for HomeCrafts Finland
Summary.
Service design : innovative used car sales
MULTI-X : supporting cross-training through multi-sport product concept innovation
Product design and development
Service ties strengthened with the Grimaldi Group
The innovator's toolkit : 50+ techniques for predictable and sustainable organic growth
Oneone concept design: speaker & packaging : product development and brand design for a portable loudspeaker and its packaging
Study on development methods for a successful product concept design : the evaluation of the case study process created for Nokia design
Developing new food products for a changing marketplace
Key concepts in feminist theory and research
The restaurant : from concept to operation
Concepting the hotel for tomorrow
Backfilling and closure of the deep repository : Assessment of backfill concepts
Concept design for a gazebo : case study oasis
Lumina - a fantasy story for young adults : a case study on designing a concept for an experience e-book
Semantics and knowledge engineering for requirements and synthesis in conceptual design : towards the automation of requirements clarification and the synthesis of conceptual design solutions
Offshore-vessel power and propulsion system standardization through concepts
Marketing concepts in practise : case study: Company X
Fashion decor : new interiors for consepts shops
Two-stage turbocharging for medium-speed diesel engine : A concept study
Business of hotels
Food and beverage management
A different PC suite : UI concept for Nokia phone management PC software
Service design project for Ikea Finland
Parle-moi : explorations of a recording cushion
There are seven islands running like crazy
