http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p761 technicians
technicians
Berry & Kohn's operating room technique
Amicable choral sparring partners
"For 50 years, Berry & Kohn's Operating Room Technique has been the text of choice for understanding basic surgical principles and techniques. Berry & Kohn's enjoys continued success in both educational and professional markets because of its readability, accuracy, clarity, and comprehensiveness. It covers the "nuts and bolts" of surgical techniques in a step-by-step format that enables learners to effectively apply basic principles to clinical practice. The eleventh edition features an engaging full-color design, a new chapter on spinal surgery, new Patient and Team Safety boxes, unique perioperative flash cards, expanded teaching supplements for instructors, and much more. Includes: Detailed coverage presents the fundamentals of perioperative nursing and surgical technology roles ; A strong focus on the physiological, psychological, and spiritual considerations of perioperative patients gives you the knowledge you need to plan and implement comprehensive, individualized care ; Discussions of perioperative patient care for both inpatient and ambulatory procedures highlights key considerations for each setting, as well as for individual surgical procedures ; In-depth discussions of patients with special needs related to age or health status helps you learn to develop of a plan of care tailored to the unique care parameters of all patients ; Helpful features such as chapter outlines with page numbers, chapter objectives, and key terms and definitions help you quickly find important information and focus your study time."--Publisher's website.
Report and contributions by the participants on national and international activities in engineering education/industry cooperation and in continuing education of engineers and technicians
Pattern grading for men's clothes : the technology of sizing
It's a man's world... a shot in the arm for male voice choirs
Dentistry in the EU and EEA
Customer segmentation for Firm Denturist Pirjo Leskinen
Dispersion of engineers in a transitional society : Swedish technicians 1860-1940
Machinery of dominance : women, men and technical know-how
Efforts to equalize opportunities for young women : case studies on the impact of new technologies on the vocational training for technicians
Between craft and science : technical work in U.S. settings
The mixing engineer's handbook
Why are there so few women engineers, technicians and craftworkers? Not because women aren't interested and capable, says Cynthia Cockburn, but because men as a sex strive to retain the power that comes from controlling technology. Hierarchies and subdivisions at work, and the gendering process, enable men to keep themselves separate from and superior to women in a world of “men's jobs” and “women's jobs”. Here are three first-hand studies of women and men working with new technology in warehousing, clothing manufacture and hospital x-ray - as well as in the engineering firms that develop these new techniques. Cockburn shows that, despite the electronic revolution, men continue to be the technologists and women the lower paid operators. So long as the relations of technology remain masculine, an equal opportunities policy is of little use. An autonomous women's movement inside and outside the trade unions is needed to create women-only training and to transform the nature of technology and the relations of work.
Charles Batchelor; Edison's chief partner
Thinking through craft
Guide to Shetland Museum : textile collection
Inside tracks : a first-hand history of popular music from the world's greatest record producers and engineers
Pattern grading for women's clothes : the technology of sizing
In the studio with Michael Jackson
In the field : the art of field recording
Queen unseen : my life with the greatest rock band of the 20th century
Professional pattern grading for women's, men's, and children's apparel
Dental care and oral health in Finland
Sizing in clothing : developing effective sizing systems for ready-to-wear clothing
