http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7629 politeness
politeness
The pragmatics of politeness
Impoliteness in interaction
Teaching communicative competence to adult EFL learners : focus on politeness strategies in communicative tasks
Why be unfriendly?
Dino Tales : A collection of six stories
"You all knew about birth control" : politeness and impoliteness strategies in a message board discussion
Conversational routines in English : convention and creativity
Civility
The use of directives in the American TV-series ER
Translating politeness for the screen : politeness strategies in Sex and the City and its Polish subtitles
Please use socially appropriate language, kiitos
Korean honorifics and politeness in second language learning
Making sense of the senseless : the management of problematic questions in the Noriko Show
Watching the English : the hidden rules of English behavior
A beloved Richard Scarry title from 1963 is now available as a Little Golden Book! When it comes to visiting a neighbour, enjoying a meal, or hosting a playdate, no one does it with better manners than the polite elephant. Richard Scarry's witty, colourful artwork of the elephant and his friends at play will delight young readers. They'll want to follow the elephant's gracious example as he waits in line for the bus, helps out, and passes the salt! Most importantly, they'll learn just how fun and easy it is to be polite.
Pausing and the politeness theory in cross-cultural study : conversation analysis
Coding power through politeness : politeness strategies in Bret Easton Ellis's American psycho
Good manners for nice people who sometimes say f*ck
Merely politic or even polite? : hospitality-related request realizations in a testing situation
To the honourable my very loving mother : politeness strategies in the Barrington family letters
Politeness in institutional discourse : face-threatening acts in native and nonnative English business letters
Situated politeness
Politeness in Mexico and the United States : a contrastive study of the realization and perception of refusals
The essentials of business etiquette : how to greet, eat , and tweet your way to success
Politeness, face and facework : current Issues
Yuck! said the yak
"I request you to kindly do the needful and oblige" : colonial lag in politeness and fomality in Indian English
Perspective as a source of style. 2.
"I hate to interrupt, but..." : interruptions in talkshows
"When is language considered 'impolite'? Is impolite language only used for anti-social purposes? Can impolite language be creative? What is the difference between 'impoliteness' and 'rudeness'? Grounded in naturally-occurring language data and drawing on findings from linguistic pragmatics and social psychology, Jonathan Culpeper provides a fascinating account of how impolite behaviour works. He examines not only its forms and functions but also people's understandings of it in both public and private contexts. He reveals, for example, the emotional consequences of impoliteness, how it shapes and is shaped by contexts, and how it is sometimes institutionalised. This book offers penetrating insights into a hitherto neglected and poorly understood phenomenon. It will be welcomed by students and researchers in linguistics and social psychology in particular"--
Transgressing boundaries : worldly conversation, politeness and sociability in Ancien Régime France, 1660-1789
On apologising in negative and positive politeness cultures
Politeness in questions : an analysis of the language teaching textbook dialogues from the 16th century to the 18th century
Her ladyship's guide to modern manners
Breaking the rules of communication : Verbal and nonverbal impoliteness in the American hospital drama House M.D
This book investigates how speakers of English, Polish and Russian deal with offensive situations in communication. It reveals culture-specific perceptions of what counts as an apology and what constitutes politeness. Departing from a careful reinterpretation of Brown and Levinson's theory, it argues against the correlation between indirectness and politeness. The analysis of face considerations involved in apologising shows that in contrast to disarming apologies, remedial apologies are mainly directed towards positive face needs, which are crucial for the restoration of social equilibrium and maintenance of relationships. English apologies are characterised by a relatively strong focus on both interlocutors' negative face, while Polish apologies display a particular concern for positive face. For Russian speakers, apologies involve a lower degree of face threat than they do in the other two languages.
Apologising in British English
Richard Scarry's polite elephant
Civility : a cultural history
Simple answers to polar questions : The case of Finnish
Please Mr Panda
When is language considered 'impolite'? Is impolite language only used for anti-social purposes? Can impolite language be creative? What is the difference between 'impoliteness' and 'rudeness'? Grounded in naturally-occurring language data and drawing on findings from linguistic pragmatics and social psychology, Jonathan Culpeper provides a fascinating account of how impolite behaviour works. He examines not only its forms and functions but also people's understandings of it in both public and private contexts. He reveals, for example, the emotional consequences of impoliteness, how it shapes and is shaped by contexts, and how it is sometimes institutionalised. This book offers penetrating insights into a hitherto neglected and poorly understood phenomenon. It will be welcomed by students and researchers in linguistics and social psychology in particular.
Impoliteness in corpora : a comparative analysis of British English and spoken Turkish
It's not what you sign, it's how you sign it : politeness in American Sign Language
Gendered discourse in the professional workplace
Politeness and adolescents' language : a study of requests in the Bergen corpus of London teenage language
Diverse functions of the hedge really : a study of four academic speech events
Construction of FTAs in the fictional world of Gilmore Girls
Understanding ways : communicating between cultures
Finnish summary.
The importance of being civil : the struggle for political decency
Politeness in translation : Some cultural aspects
Men and the emergence of polite society, Britain, 1660-1800
Speech acts and politeness in French as a pluricentric language
Cheese belongs to you!
Conversation : a history of a declining art
Impoliteness in South Park
Debrett's A-Z of modern manners
Requests and culture : politeness in British English and Japanese
Kalbų varžybos : Lietuvos Didžiosios Kunigaikštystės valdovu̇ ir didikų sveikinimai = Competition of languages : the ceremonial greetings of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania's rulers and nobles = Koncert języków : pozdrowienia władców i magnatów Wielkiego Księstwa Litewskiego
Broadening the horizon of linguistic politeness
An introduction to sociolinguistics
The duckling gets a cookie?
Politeness in Europe
The duckling gets a cookie!?
Expressing politeness in translation : terms of address in the police drama Heartbeat's Finnsh subtitles
"Has anyone ever pushed in front of you in a queue? Stolen your parking space? Talked on their mobile phone during a film at the cinema? In our everyday lives we all encounter rude and inconsiderate people. This unique book provides the first ever systematic investigation of typical encounters with rudeness. Through a meticulous analysis of over 500 events it maps out what people experience as rude, where and when this happens, and what takes place in the exchange between the participants. The inquiry further charts the emotional and social consequences of rudeness and victimization, with the results challenging the widespread assumption that bad behaviour is toxic to community life. In conclusion the study draws upon its findings and surveys a range of strategies for reducing the level of incivility in everyday life, identifying some simple and innovative solutions. Incivility will appeal to criminologists, sociologists and scholars of urban studies".
Verbal festivity in Arabic and other Semitic languages : proceedings of the workshop at the Universitèatsclub Bonn on January 16, 2009
"Pleasant excursions may be made" : guidance and modals in the 19th and early 20th century travel guidebooks
Fact or fiction? : apologies in written American and British English
Eat, drink & succeed : climb your way to the top using the networking power of social events
Politeness and Thai culture in English emails conducted by Thai employees
Characterisation and polite language : manifestations of politeness in the dialogue of the American television show Frasier
Ambiguities of address : towards a communicational reading of Alexander Pope's The Dunciad
Thanking formulae in English : explorations across varieties and genres
Politeness phenomena in the Selina Scott show
Battle over power : wit and politeness in Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice
Excuse me : learning about politeness
Acceptance or rejection : politeness strategies in editorial responses to research article submissions
The speech act of complimenting in Finnish text books of English meant for secondary level vocational education
Politeness strategies in weblog comments
"Sori" and "anteeks" : native and non-native Finnish speakers's apologies
Approaches to Eurasian linguistic areas
"At your convenience" : politeness strategies in quotation letters written by non-native and native speakers of English
Modyfing pragmatic politeness : a case study on the use of pragmatic force modifiers and their effect on politeness strategy in oral communication at the European School, Helsinki
A study of 'I think' and 'sort of' in British women's and men's speech
"Civilized with death" : civility, duelling and honour in Elizabethan England
Fishing for compliments : Precision and recall in corpus-linguistic compliment research
Talk to the hand : the utter bloody rudeness of everyday life (or six good reasons to stay at home and bolt the door)
On expressing negative politeness in English fictional discourse
James Boswell's urban experience in eighteenth-century London
Impoliteness in language : studies on its interplay with power in theory and practice
Aspects of politeness phenomena in Internet relay chat
"Methinks you seem more beautiful than ever" : compliments and gender in the history of English
Compliments and compliment responses : grammatical structure and sequential organization
Changes in the functions and meaning of shut up : a study in the Bergen Corpus of Teenage language (COLT)
"We're all mad here?" : Logic and language in Lewis Carroll's Alice's adventures in Wonderland and Through the looking-glass
Incivility : the rude stranger in everyday life
Going Dutch in Beijing : the International guide to doing the right thing
Pigeon is very angry when the duckling gets a cookie just by asking politely.
Politeness in the Working English television series
Thanking and apologizing strategies used by senior high school students
The crisis of incivility plaguing today's workplace calls for an approach to communication that restores respect and integrity to interpersonal encounters in organizational life. Professional civility is a communicative virtue that protects and promotes productivity, one's place of employment, and persons with whom we carry out our tasks in the workplace. Drawn from the history of professions as dignified occupations providing valuable contributions to the human community, an understanding of civility as communicative virtue, and MacIntyre's treatment of practices, professional civility supports the «practice» of professions in contemporary organizations. A communicative ethic of professional civility requires attentiveness to the task at hand, support of an organization's mission, and appropriate relationships with others in the workplace. Professional civility fosters communicative habits of the heart that extend beyond the walls of the workplace, encouraging a return to the service ethic that remains an enduring legacy of the professions in the United States.
Kitty princess and the newspaper dress
Professional civility : communicative virtue at work
Politeness and politics in Cicero's letters
Impoliteness : using language to cause offence
"Was it something I said?" : politeness and face in The League of Gentlemen
Understanding historical (im)politeness : relational linguistic practice over time and across cultures
Learning politeness : disagreement in a second language
101 stories for foreigners to understand Chinese people
Politeness in language : studies in its history, theory and practice
Gender and politeness
Keigo in modern Japan : polite language from Meiji to the present
Politeness in social contexts. Request and apologies in student discourse
Compressing emotion to politeness : on "I fear" and "I'm afraid"
"Sori" and "anteeks" : native and non-native Finnish speakers' apologies
Gender and language use : apologies in women's and men's speech in the United Kingdom : a corpus-based study
Challenging the notion that women are necessarily always more polite than men (as language and gender literature claim), Sara Mills discusses the complex relationship between gender and politeness. Mills argues that, although women speakers, drawing on stereotypes of femininity, can appear to be acting more politely than men, there are many circumstances where women will act as "impolitely" as men.
The language of husbands and wives in seventeenth-century correspondence
Face and the organization of intercultural interaction
The pirate who said please
How to get potatoes in Finland : from the borderlands of language and culture
Holmes vs. Watson : politeness or self-oriented face-work?
Polite, traditional and freckled: students' stereotypes and attitudes towards British people and culture
Power and politeness
Cut-throat Jim is a young pirate king who learned the hard way the importance of being courteous.
Accessing politeness axes : forms of address and terms of reference in early English correspondence
"Animal etiquette" : teaching politeness strategies using requests in The wind in the willows
Discourse and politeness : ambivalent face in Japanese
How to be a lady : [comtemporary guide to common courtesy
Facework and negotiation of (im)politeness in W. M. Thackeray's Vanity fair
Representations of linguistic politeness in translations from English to Finnish : An analysis of linguistic politeness in Alexander McCall Smith's No 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series
Business etiquette : 101 ways to conduct business with charm and savvy
