http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7633 Keynesianism
Keynesianism Keynesian economics
The foundations of macroeconomic and monetary theory
Keynes versus the "Keynesians"...? : an essay in the thinking of J.M. Keynes and the accuracy of its interpretation by his followers
Profit squeeze and Keynesian theory
Microeconomic foundations of Keynesian macroeconomics
A treatise on money. Vol. 1, The pure theory of money
New perspectives on Keynes
Principles of macroeconomics
Classical, neoclassical and Keynesian views on growth and distribution
Keynes and after
Marx and Keynes : the limits of the mixed economy
Reappraising J. A. Hobson : human and welfare
The limits of transparency : ambiguity and the history of international finance
Neoliberalism : a critical reader
The Keynesian revolution
Keynes and his battles
Keynesian economics in the stream of economic thought
John Maynard Keynes : economist and policy maker
Keynes : the return of the master
Towards the managed economy : Keynes, the treasury and the fiscal policy debate of the 1930s
The making of Keynes' General theory
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. 11, Economic articles and correspondence : academic
Monetarist, Keynesian and new classical economics
On the effects of productive government expenditures under Keynesian unemployment
Keynes' general theory : reports of three decades
John Maynard Keynes
Consumer economics after Keynes : theory and evidence of the consumption function
The Political power of economic ideas : Keynesianism across nations
What's wrong with Keynesian economic theory?
Keynes : the rise, fall, and return of the 20th century's most influential economist
New Keynesian economics. Volume 2, Coordination failures and real rigidities
A guide to Keynes
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. 26, Activities 1941-1946 : shaping the post-war world : bretton woods and reparations
Keynesianism vs. monetarism and other essays in financial history
Keynes and the economic policies of the 1980s
The age of Keynes
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. Vol. 20, Activities 1929-1931, rethinking employment and unemployment policies
Keynes' monetary thought : a study of its development
Structuring politics : historical institutionalism in comparatvie analysis
Stakeholding and New Labour
John King sets out the distinctive features of Post Keynesian economics and their implications for the assessment of alternative proposals for domestic and international macroeconomic policy. He begins by outlining the core elements of Post Keynesian theory and explaining how it differs from other schools, including the so-called 'Old Keynesian' and 'New Keynesian' theories. Subsequent chapters deal with the important methodological issues that distinguish the Post Keynesians from mainstream economists as well as their treatment of firms, workers and households, the analysis of economic growth and development, and international economics. The Post Keynesian approach to monetary and fiscal policy, incomes and the environment is also summarised, with particular attention being paid to controversies over austerity and the reform of the financial sector and international monetary system. The Global Financial Crisis of 2007-2008 is used as a case study to illustrate many of the significant theoretical and policy questions raised in previous chapters. The relationship between Post Keynesian and other branches of heterodox economics are explored, and the book concludes with a brief discussion of the future prospects for the Post Keynesian school.
Capital and employment : a study of Keynes's economics
Financial keynesianism and market instability. Volume 1, the economic legacy of Hyman Minsky
Financial fiasco : how America's infatuation with homeownership and easy money created the economic crisis
Keynesianism and the Finnish model of economic policy in a comparative perspective
Keynes and philosophy : essays on the origin of Keynes's thought
New Keynesian economics. Vol. 1, Imperfect competition and sticky prices
The return to Keynes
The general theory of employment interest and money
Keynes' economic legacy : contemporary economic theories
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. Vol. 7, The general theory of employment, interest and money
The great economists : ten economists whose thinking changed the way we live
Macroeconomics : Theory and Policy
Rethinking the Keynesian revolution : Keynes, Hayek, and the Wicksell connection
Keynes' theory of investment : the separation of management and ownership and the instability of finance
Macroeconomics : an introduction to Keynesian-neoclassical controversies
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. 18, Activities 1922-1932 : the end of reparations
Keynes, keynesians and monetarists
Keynes Hayek : the clash that defined modern economics
Macroeconomics and the real world. Vol. 2, Keynesian economics, unemployment, and policy
A modern guide to Keynesian macroeconomics and economic policies
On the generality of Keynesian economics
Globalization versus development
New directions in post-Keynesian economics
Economic theory in transition : economic policy confusion in the United States during stagfaltion and its implications to Keynesian economics
Labour market adjustment : microeconomic foundations of short-run neoclassical and Keynesian dynamics
The Keynesian multiplier
Post-Keynesian economics : debt, distribution and the macro economy
Anticipations of the general theory? : and other essays on Keynes
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. Vol. 27, Activities 1940-1946 : shaping the post-war world: employment and commodities
Information and coordination : essays in macroeconomic theory
The post -Keynesian theory of endogenous money supply as a development of Keynes's monetary thought
Post Keynesian macroeconomic theory : a foundation for successful economic policies for the twenty-first century
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. 25, Activities 1940-1944 : shaping the post-war world : the clearing union
Dissent on Keynes : a critical appraisal of Keynesian economics
Productive labour and effective demand : including a critique of Keynesian economics
A modern guide to macroeconomics : an introduction to competing schools of thought
Economics and policy : a historical study
The general theory of employment, interest and money
The critics of Keynesian economics
Revisiting Keynes : economic possibilities for our grandchildren
The new Keynesian economics : unemployment, search and contracting
Global unemployment : the new challenge to economic theory
Macroeconomic thinking and policymaking in post-war Japan and Finland : the role of Keynesian macroeconomics
The new Keynesian economics
Introduction to post-Keynesian economics
Maynard's revenge : the collapse of free market macroeconomics
Bastard Keynesianism : the evolution of economic thinking and policymaking since World War II
Exchange rate policy, employment and external balance
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. 24, Activities 1944-1946 : the transition to peace
The collected writings of Paul Davidson. 1, Money and employment
The origins of the Keynesian revolution : the development of Keynes' theory of employment and output
Economic philosophy : economic foundations and political categories
A computerized approach to Keynesian economics
The new Keynesian macroeconomics : time, belief and social interdependence
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. Vol. 29, The general theory and after : a supplement
Conclusion (s. 137-140).
Post-Keynesian economics
A treatise on probability
The pathology of the U.S. economy revisited : the intractable contradictions of economy policy
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. 21, Activities 1931-1939 : world crises and policies in Britain and America
Current controversies in macroeconomics : an intermediate text
The age of Keynes : a biographical study
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. Vol. 14, The general theory and after, part 2 : defence and development
Post-Keynesian and heterodox economics challenge the mainstream economics theories that dominate the teaching at universities and government economic policies. And it was these latter theories that helped to cause the great depression the United States and the rest of the world is in. However, most economists and the top 1% do not want mainstream theories challenged―for to do so would mean questioning why and how the 1% got where they are. Therefore, numerous efforts have been and are being made to discredit if not suppress Post-Keynesian and heterodox economics. These efforts have had some success; this book is a response to them. This book makes it clear that Post Keynesian/heterodox economics is, in spite of internal problems, a viable and important approach to economics and that it should resist the attempts of the critics to bury it. The reader will also find arguments that directly engage the critics and suggest that their views/criticisms are vacuous and wrong.
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. 17, Activities 1920-1922 : treaty revision and reconstruction
Nonequilibrium in a disequilibrium keynesian system
The concise encyclopedia of economics
The economic law of motion of modern society : a Marx-Keynes-Schumpeter centennial
The conditions for economic recovery : a post-Keynesian analysis
Keynes and the modern world : proceedings of the Keynes centenary conference, King's college, Cambridge
Keynes on monetary policy, finance and uncertainty : liquidity preference theory and the global financial crisis
Money, trade and economic growth : survey lectures in economic theory
Keynes, uncertainty and the global economy
Involuntary unemployment
Testing the new Keynesian model on U.S. and euro area data
The limitations of general theories in macroeconomics
Credit, money and production : an alternative Post-Keynesian approach
Keynes's general theory after seventy years
Among economists : reflections of a neo-classical post Keynesian
Keynes and international monetary relations : the Second Keynes Seminar held at the University of Kent at Canterbury 1974
Possibly the strangest phenomenon in all of economics is the absence of a long tradition of criticism focused on Keynesian economic theory. Keynesian demand management has been at the centre of some of the worst economic outcomes in history, from the great stagflation of the 1970s to the lost decade and more in Japan following the expenditure program of the 1990s. And once again, following the Global Financial Crisis, it is incontrovertible that no stimulus program in any part of the world has been a success, each one having been abandoned as conditions deteriorated under the weight of public.
50 years a Keynesian and other essays
The rise and fall of Keynesian economics : an investiqation of its contribution to capitalist development
A post-Keynesian approach to the theory of international competitiveness
The misfortunes of prosperity : an introduction to modern political economy
"This book provides a comprehensive overview of Keynes' contributions to macroeconomics and offers an in-depth analysis of the contested legacy of The General Theory, a book that marked the emergence of modern macroeconomics from the earlier heritage of monetary theory and business cycle and analysis"--Provided by publisher.
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. 23, Activities 1940-1943 : external war finance
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. 12, Economic articles and correspondence : investment and editorial
Money, financial instability and stabilization policy
A guide to post-Keynesian economics
Keynesianism and national models of economic policy
The crisis in Keynesian economics
Keynes and the classics
Advanced introduction to post Keynesian economics
Reflections on the development of modern macroeconomics
Early Hicks and Keynesian monetary theory : different views on liquidity preference
Post-Keynesian theorists and the theory of economic development
Keynesian economics : the permanent revolution
Keynesianism and the Scandinavian models of economic policy
Post Keynesian economics
The philosophy of Keynes's economics : probability, uncertainty and convention
The Keynesian revolution in the making, 1924-1936
A history of macroeconomics from Keynes to Lucas and beyond
Masters of the universe : Hayek, Friedman, and the birth of neoliberal politics
Macroeconomics and the real world. Vol. 1, Econometric techniques and macroeconomics
The collected papers of James Meade. Vol. 1, Employment and inflation
Collected essays on economic theory. 2, Money, interest and wages
John Maynard Keynes 1883-1946 : economist, philosopher, statesman
In defense of post-Keynesian and heterodox economics : responses to their critics
The ideas of John Maynard Keynes inspired the New Deal and helped rebuild world economies after World War II--and were later dismissed as "depression economics." Then came the great meltdown of 2008. Market forces that the world relied on suddenly failed to self-correct--and Keynes's doctrine of corrective action in an imperfect world became more relevant than ever. Keynes was not a traditional economist: he was a polemicist, an iconoclastic public intellectual, a peer of the realm, and a political operative, as well as an openly homosexual bohemian who befriended Virginia Woolf and E. M. Forster. Here, historian Peter Clarke provides a timely accounting of Keynes's life and work, bringing his genius and skepticism alive for an era fraught with economic difficulties that he surely would have relished solving.
Status for Keynesianism
The dynamics of Keynesian monetary growth : macro foundations
The pathology of the U.S. economy : the costs of a low-wage system
The failure of the "new economics" : an analysis of the Keynesian fallacies
Keynes for the twenty-first century : the continuing relevance of the general theory
Keynes and economic policy : the relevance of the General theory after fifty years
Does the "Keynesian revolution" confirm the existence of a Lakatosian arbitrator in economics?
Beyond mechanical markets : asset price swings, risk, and the role of the state
The business response to Keynes, 1929-1964
Post Keynesian econometrics, microeconomics and the theory of the firm
