http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7631 rococo
rococo
Sculpture. 3, The great tradition of sculpture from the fifteenth century to the eighteenth century
History of art : from the middle ages to the renaissance, impressionism and modern art
The ornamental designs of Chippendale = Dessins' d'ornement du style Chippendale : from the Gentleman and cabinet-maker's director 1762 = de Gentleman and cabinet-maker's director 1762
Teatr i mistyka : rzezba barokowa pomiedzy Zachodem a Wschodem : Museum Narodowe w Poznaniu, czerwiec - sierpien 1993 = Theater and mysticism : baroque sculpture between west and east : National Museum in Poznan, June - August 1993 / katalog pod redakcja = catalogue edited by: Konstantego Kalinowskiego
Japanning in Sweden 1680s - 1790s : characteristics and preservation of orientalized coatings on wooden substrates
Historical anthology of music. 2 : Baroque, rococo and pre-classical music
Lacke des Barock und Rokoko : Baroque and Rococo Lacquers
Baroque and Rococo art
The eighteenth century
The age of Rococo
'Baroque and Rococo' is a detailed introduction to two styles of art, architecture and expression that bridged the Renaissance with the Enlightenment period. 'Baroque and Rococo' explores the key artists and works of the period, such as Rembrandt and Bernini, while expanding it's reach to include Asia and Latin America. 'Baroque and Rococo' contains excellent illustrations, glossaries and biographies to capture the diversity of two art forms growing against the backdrop to a world of plague, war, rioting, rebellion and religious dissent. 'Baroque and Rococo' encompasses all arts - religious and profane painting and sculpture, church architecture and interiors, public buildings, palaces, domestic interiors, festivals, gardens, theatres, music, ceramics and furniture - to provide the reader with a thorough understanding of this great period in art history.
Rococo : art and design in Hogarth's England : [16 may - 30 september 1984 The Victoria and Albert museum]
World Furniture
The social history of art. Volume 3, Rococo, Classicism and Romanticism
A history of Western sculpture. Sculpture : Renaissance to Rococo
A life in music : Eight cello masterclasses. Volume 6, Tchaikovsky - Variations on a Rococo theme, op. 33.
Rococo : a style of fantasy
Genre in the age of the Baroque : a resource guide / Barry Wind
Barokk müvészet Közép-Európában : utak és találkozások : Budapesti Történeti Múzeum, 1993. június 11-október 10 = Baroque art in Central Europe : crossroads : Budapesti Történeti Múzeum, June 11-October 10, 1993 / [catalogue, conceptiona and scientific redaction: Géza Galavics]
Pastel painting - a rococo beaty in the eyes of a painter / Reetta Kuojärvi-Närhi
Francesco Robba : in benesko barocno kiparstvo v Ljubljani : 15. oktober 1998 - 6. januar 1999  = and the Highlights of Venetian Baroque Sculpture in Ljubljana : 15 October 1998 - 6 January 1999 / [avtorja besedila = text by: Matej Klemencic, Stanko Kokole]
The pleasure of antiques
The history of fine fashion
The story of Western furniture
Furniture from rococo to art deco
The art of ceramics : European ceramic design 1500-1830
Art and architecture in Italy 1600-1750 : Rudolf Wittkower. Vol. 3, Late Baroque and Rococo 1675-1750
Making up the rococo : François Boucher and his critics
Baroque and Rococo in Latin America
The styles of ornament
Chairs : a history
The complete costume history from ancient times to the 19th history = Vollständige Kostumgeschichte vom Altertum bis zum 19. Jahrhundert = Le costume historique du monde antique au XIXe siecle
Isaac Wacklin : pinxit
Fragonard & his friends : changing ideal in eighteenth century art
Biedermeier to Bauhaus : authentic German decor
The elements of design : the development of design and stylistic elements from the Renaissance to the postmodern era
The life and works of Gainsborough
The baroque : principles, styles, modes, themes
Rococo : art and design in Hogarth's England : Victoria and Albert Museum, London, 16 May - 30 September 1984
Classics to moderns. 3.
Watteau
Italian baroque and rococo architecture
Masterpieces of western art : a history of art in 900 individual studies from the gothic to the present day
Architecture in France in the eighteenth century
Baroque and rococo / Germain Bazin
Baroque and Rococo
ANTIQUE FURNITURE : BAROQUE, ROCOCO, NEOCLASSICAL
High fashion in the church : the place of church vestments in the history of art, from the ninth to the nineteenth century
Ornament and the grotesque : fantastical decoration from antiquity to Art Nouveau
Fascinating pocket watches for rich clients in St. Petersburg
The life and times of Isaac Wacklin.
European art of the eighteenth century
A glimpse of Rococo France : the amorous proposal by François Le Moyne : [the Sterling Institue in Williamstown, MA, from April 4 to June 13, 1987] / [the exhibition and brochure were prepared by Jennifer Gordon Lovett]
The spiritual rococo : decor and divinity from the salons of Paris to the missions of Patagonia
Masterpieces of western art : a history of art in 900 individual studies. Volume 1, From the Gothic to Neoclassicism
The social history of art. Vol. 3, Rococo, classicism and romanticism
Between luxury and the everyday : french decorative arts in the eighteenth century
Rococo to revolution : major trends in eighteenth-century painting
Die Wies : Geschichte und Restaurierung = history and restoration
Historical anthology of music : volume 2 : baroque, rococo and pre-classical music
18th-century French painting
The glory of the baroque in Bohemia : art, culture and society in the 17th and 18th centuries : a guide to the exhibition : [Art Gallery of Prague Castle : St George's Convent : Wallenstein riding school gallery : Kinský Palace, Prague, April 27 - October / Vít Vlnas
Architecture highlights
Plasterwork : 100 period details from the archives of Country Life
Ex fumo lucem : baroque studies in honour of Klára Garas / [edited by Zsuzsanna Dobos]
Sculpture. 2, The great art of the Middle Ages from the fifth century to the fifteenth century
Rococo echo : art, history and historiography from Cochin to Coppola
Masterpieces of Western art : a history of art in 900 individual studies from the Gothic to the present day. Volume 1, From the Gothic to neoclassicism
Norton anthology of Western music. Volume 2, Classic to modern
Late Baroque and Rococo architecture
The English archive of design and decoration : with over 600 designs, patterns and settings in colour and black-and-white
Baroque and rococo art
Patriotic taste : collecting modern art in pre-revolutionary Paris / Colin B. Bailey
Pearls
Dreaming of Italy : Royal Picture Gallery Mauritshuis, The Hague, 11 March - 25 June 2006 / Henk van Os ; assisted by Epco Runia
Visions of Arcadia : European gardens from renaissance to rococo
François Boucher 1703-1770 : the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, February 17 - May 4. 1986 ..
The object of art : the theory of illusion in eighteenthcentury France
Heaven and the flesh : imagery of desire from the Renaissance to the Rococo
Baroque and Rococo silks
Rings : symbols of wealth, power and affection
THE SWEDISH ROOM
Baroque and rococo
Rococo : the continuing curve 1730-2008
Barokk és rokokó : kiállítás az Iparmüvészeti Múszeum gyüjteményéböl = Baroque and Rococo : an exhibition from the collection of the Budapest Museum of Applied Arts.. Katalógus 2
Catalogue raisonné of Isaac Wacklin's works.
Madame de Pompadour : images of a mistress : [National Gallery, London, 16  October 2002 - 12 January 2003] / Colin Jones
Panorama of world art : Baroque and rococo art
Norton recorded anthology of western music. 1, Ancient to baroque : Volume 1
French rococo book illustration
A unique collection of snuffboxes
Versperrbare Kostbarkeiten : Kästchen und Kabinette aus aller Welt = Locked treasures : caskets and cabinets from around the world
Rococo fiction in France, 1600-1715 : seditious frivolity
Academies of art : between Renaissance and Romanticism / edited by Anton W. A. Boschloo, Elwin J. Hendrikse, Laetitia C. Smit...[et al.]
