http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7630 manners and customs
manners and customs customs manners
Going Dutch in Beijing : the International guide to doing the right thing
CultureShock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Brazil
Lessons from Madame Chic : 20 stylish secrets I learned while living in Paris
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customes and etiquette: Berlin
Passport India : your pocket guide to Indian business, customs & etiquette
Notes from a small island
Understanding Arabs : a guide for modern times
Xenophobe`s guide to the Americans
Culture Shock! : Czech Republic
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Culture shock! : Chile
Customs and superstitions of Tibetans
The omnivore's dilemma : the secrets behind what you eat
Weddings by Tara Guérard
Japanese etiquette : a matter of course
"Has anyone ever pushed in front of you in a queue? Stolen your parking space? Talked on their mobile phone during a film at the cinema? In our everyday lives we all encounter rude and inconsiderate people. This unique book provides the first ever systematic investigation of typical encounters with rudeness. Through a meticulous analysis of over 500 events it maps out what people experience as rude, where and when this happens, and what takes place in the exchange between the participants. The inquiry further charts the emotional and social consequences of rudeness and victimization, with the results challenging the widespread assumption that bad behaviour is toxic to community life. In conclusion the study draws upon its findings and surveys a range of strategies for reducing the level of incivility in everyday life, identifying some simple and innovative solutions. Incivility will appeal to criminologists, sociologists and scholars of urban studies".
Culture Shock! : Usa
Technology in culture : a theoretical discourse on convergence in human-technology interaction
A cabinet of Roman curiosities : strange tales and surprising facts from the world's greatest empire
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Business etiquette : 101 ways to conduct business with charm and savvy
'What 's for dinner?' seemed like a simple question-until journalist and supermarket detective Michael Pollan delved behind the scenes. From fast food and big organic to small farms and old-fashioned hunting and gathering, this young readers' adaptation of Pollan's famous food-chain exploration encourages kids to consider the personal and global health implications of their food choices. Examines the origins of the different food chains that have sustained humans throughout history, discussing how certain foods and cuisines have become a popular part of people's daily diets.
Debrett's new guide to etiquette & modern manners : the indispensable handbook
The complete book of business etiquette
Culture shock : Australia
Custom : an essay on social codes
Indian & Malay etiquette : a matter of course
A remarkable kindness : A Novel
Ethiopia
Culture shock : Indonesia
101 stories for foreigners to understand Chinese people
Encounters with reality : 1,001 interpreter scenarios
Japan : doing business in a unique culture
Success in society : [a manual of good manners, social etiquette, rules of behavior at home and abroad, on the street, at public gatherings, calls, conversation, etc.]
Passport Mexico : your pocket guide to Mexican business, customs & etiquette
Cross-cultural communication : a practical guide
Chinese tea
An edible history of humanity
You eat what you are : people, culture and food traditions
The secret life of France
Culture shock! : Cuba : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Culture shock! Germany : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
China illustrated : western views of the middle kingdom
The origin of table manners
Alcohol use among international students in Lapland
Navigating between ideas of democracy and gendered local practices in Vietnam : a Bakhtinian reading of development aid practice
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The modern rules of business etiquette
China : the business traveller's handbook
Cooking the South American way : revised and expanded to include new low-fat and vegetarian recipes
Negotiating in China : 36 strategies
Do it right : Japanese & American social etiquette
Growing up muslim : understanding the beliefs and practices of islam
How the world weds : the story of marriage, adultery & divorce
Choosing civility : the twenty-five rules of considerate conduct
Polish your poise with Madame Chic : lessons in everyday elegance
Bear Meets Dragon - cross-cultural research on the business relations between the companies from southern Satakunta region and China
Kitchens of the great Midwest
The book of business etiquette
Cultureshock! Britain : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Etiquette guide to Japan : know the rules that make the difference!
Labor of love : the invention of dating
Modern manners : the essential guide to correct behaviour and etiquette
Japanese cultural encounters & how to handle them
Success secrets to maximise in China
How to marry a Finnish girl : everything you want to know about Finland, that Finns won't tell you
Debrett's etiquette and modern manners
Vanilla beans and brodo : real life in the hills of Tuscany
Apples of gold in setting of silver : stories of dinner as a work of art
A natural history of the senses
Culture and customs of the Arab Gulf States
The global etiquette guide to Mexico and Latin America : everything you need to know for business and travel success
Culture shock! : USA
Dinner is served : a butler's guide to the art of the table
Old English customs
The simple guide to Russia : customs & etiquette
Culture shock! : Bahrain : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Culture shock! : Chicago : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Accessing health care : a look into the culture of foreigners living in Salo, Finland for better service provision
Arabian business & cultural guide : your guide to do's and don'ts in the Arabian culture & market
Facebook for dummies
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Simple guide to England : customs & etiquette
Western etiquette : a matter of course
A pocket guide to Vietnam
What are the biggest cultural factor-related challenges for Finnish SMEs while doing business with the Chinese?  : case: real voice from three businessmen
Maori customs and crafts
Wedding etiquette for dummies
A butler's guide to table manners
Debrett's A-Z of modern manners
Thailand
Nutrition counselling & communication skills
Culture Shock! : Egypti
Logistics Practices in the Service sector : The case study of New Fairmount Hotel, Zambia
Xenophobe's guide to the Swedes
Culture Shock! : Beijing
Talk to the hand : the utter bloody rudeness of everyday life (or six good reasons to stay at home and bolt the door)
Her ladyship's guide to modern manners
How to be a lady : [comtemporary guide to common courtesy
A companion to Ostrogothic Italy
The simple guide to customs and etiquette in India
Culture shock! London : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Simple guide to Germany : customs & etiquette
Seven years in Tibet
The Encyclopedia of etiquette : a quide to good manners in today's world
"A brilliant and surprising investigation into why we date the way we do"--
A fragile nation : the Indonesian crisis
Culture shock! : Jakarta
Finland, cultural lone wolf
Culture Shock! : Ukraine
Africa : altered states, ordinary miracles
Everyday magic in early modern Europe
Künstlerbürgertum : the social spheres of Berliner actors in the years 1815-1848
The childcare practice of children’s daytime sleeping outdoors in the context of Northern Finnish winter
Informal social control of drinking : Finland in the light of international comparison
Culture Shock! : USA - the South
Culture shock! Japan : a guide to customs and etiquette
Civility : a cultural history
"It seems as though every week there's a new app available on your smartphone promising dates a plenty--just swipe right. A mate, on the other hand, is becoming harder and harder to find. The age-old quest for true love requires more effort than ever before. Let's face it: dating is work. Which, as it happens, is exactly where it began, in the 19th century--as prostitution. In Labor of Love, Moira Weigel dives into the secret history of dating while holding up a mirror to the contemporary dating landscape, revealing why we date the way we do and explaining why it feels so much like work. This isn't a guide to "getting the guy"; there are no ridiculous "rules" to follow in Labor of Love. This is a brilliant, fresh, and utterly original approach to help us understand how dating was invented and, hopefully, lead us closer to the happy ending that it promises"--
"The New York Times bestselling author of Lessons from Madame Chic and At Home with Madame Chic revives the timeless quality of poise and shows how to cultivate it as a daily practice and a life-long endeavor. Just step out your door today and you will notice that poise is a rarity in our wired, fast-paced, and unmannerly world. As uncivil behaviors like flip-flops at Broadway shows and digital oversharing proliferate, this timely book reminds us of the quiet power of behaving with dignity, kindness, and grace. Jennifer Scott's Parisian mentor, Madame Chic, embodied poise, and not just with the good posture, stylish attire, and natural manners that made her extraordinarily elegant. She also demonstrated steady assuredness and graceful calm in everything she did--from interacting with her family and receiving guests at home to presenting herself in public. Jennifer L. Scott passes on the lessons she learned as well as some of her own hard-won wisdom, addressing topics such as proper attire at social events, good grooming, communication skills, hospitality and being a good guest, our interactions with neighbors and strangers, role models, self-discipline, and self-image. This charmingly illustrated, practical, and inspiring book, full of tips, lists, and ideas, is certain to start a new conversation about the timeless art of poise"--
Culture Shock! : Tokyo
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
A gentleman walks down the aisle : a complete guide to the perfect wedding day
Memoirs of a geisha
Russia : the business traveller's handbook
Essential do's and taboos : the complete guide to international business and leisure travel
Youth media
Doing business in China
The civilizing process. [Vol. 1], The history of manners
The ultimate guide to etiquette in Japan
Developing good manners is an important investment in your future. The authors provide a witty guide on everything from being a good guest to finding a balance with technology.
Cooking with Shakespeare
The primitive city of Timbuctoo
The complete idiot's guide® to etiquette
The border town;  a novel
Customs & etiquette of Russia
Success secrets to maximise in the United Arab Emirates
The simple guide to Thailand : customs & etiquette
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customes and etiquette: Morocco
Passport Japan : your pocket guide to Japanese business, customs & etiquette
A million years in a day : a curious history of everyday life : from the stone age to the phone age
Negotiating in an international environment : eight perspectives for business practitioners
Culture shock! Saudi Arabia : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Dealing with the Dutch : the cultural context of business and work in the Netherlands
Azerbaijan : the essential guide to customs and culture
A bite-sized guide to Chinese business manners
Food & feast in Tudor England
Modern manners : tools to take you to the top
Rich bride poor bride : : your ultimate wedding planning guide
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Belgium
Hygge : a celebration of simple pleasures : living the Danish way
The modern girl's guide to sticky situations
Some cross-cultural observations of a third-generation Finnish-American
Culture smart! : Scotland
Swedes as others see them : facts, mynths or a communication complex?
The sleeping dictionary
Culture shock! : Spain
Cultural encounters : what to do and say in social situations in English
Kiss, bow, or shake hands : Europe : cultural overviews, tips for doing business, know before you go, negotiating strategies, protocol : [how to do business in 25 European countries]
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
Conquest and the law in Swedish Livonia (ca. 1630-1710) : a case of legal pluralism in early modern Europe
The simple guide to Italy : customs & etiquette
Chinese etiquette : a matter of course
Tales of hi and bye : greeting and parting rituals around the world
Bodytalk : a world guide to gestures
Do's and Taboos around the world
Food mania
Culture Shock! : Canada
In Conquest and the Law in Swedish Livonia (ca. 1630-1710), Heikki Pihlajamaki offers an exciting account of the law and judiciary in seventeenth-century Livonia. Immediately after Sweden conquered the province in the 1620s, a reorganization of the Livonian judiciary began. Its legal order became largely modelled after Swedish law, which differed in important ways from its Livonian counterpart. While Livonian legal tradition was firmly anchored in the European ius commune, the conquerors' law was, by nature, not founded in legal learning. The volume convincingly demonstrates how the differences in legal cultures decisively affected the way Livonian judicial and procedural systems were shaped. Based on archival sources, the study presents an important contribution to the comparative legal history of the early modern period.
Japanese business etiquette : a practical guide to success with Japanese
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Switzerland
Tibet customs
'Remembering God' through religious habits : the daily religious practices of evacuee Karelian orthodox women
Performing fantasy and reality
Doing business with Japan : successful strategies for intercultural communication
We Europeans
The bodies within the body : journeys in Turkana thought and practice
The little book of hygge : the Danish way to live well
The essentials of business etiquette : how to greet, eat , and tweet your way to success
Business U.K. : a practical guide to understanding British business culture
Eating and drinking in France today
"A young woman with a once-in-a-generation palate becomes the iconic chef behind the country's most coveted dinner reservation"--
Culture Shock! : Borneo
Incivility : the rude stranger in everyday life
Communication skills and behaviour in business
Xenophobe`s guide to the Chinese
Succeed in business : Australia : the essential guide for business and investment
Decoding China : a handbook for travelling, studying, and working in today's China
Finnish culture : including: sauna, Finnish sauna, public holidays in Finland, Jante Law, flag days in Finland, semla, culture of Finland, nordic walking, puukko, sisu, talkoot, Joulupukki, Sami knife, Saint Lucy's Day, ice swimming, Finnish profanity
140 characters : a style guide for the short form
The misunderstanding
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
The simple guide to Ireland : customs & etiquette
