http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7632 meteorologists
meteorologists
Solar-terrestrial influences on weather and climate : proceedings of a symposium/workshop held at the Fawcett Center for Tomorrow, The Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, 24-28 August, 1978
Professor Abbe ... and the isobars : the story of Cleveland Abbe America's first weatherman
Meteorology : a historical survey. Vol. 1
Biometeorology : proceedings of the Third International Biometeorological Congress held at Pau, S. France, 1-7 September 1963, organized by the International Society of Biometeorology. Volume 2, part 2
Compendium of meteorology : for use by class 1 and class 2 meteorological personnel. Vol. 2, Tropical meteorology : part 4
Introduction to meteorological optics
The climate of Europe : past, present and future : natural and man-induced climatic changes : a European perspective
Introduction to hydrometeorology : by J. P. Bruce and R. H. Clark
The Bulletin interviews : reprints of the 33 interviews with eminent personalities in the fields of meteorology, hydrology, oceanography and climatology, which appeared in the WMO Bulletin between January 1989 and January 1997
Meteorology for seamen
Atmospheric tides : thermal and gravitational
Significant achievements in satellite meteorology 1958-1964
Instructor's manual to accompany "Meteorology today : an introduction to weather, climate, and the environment"
Proceedings of the GRAS SAF Workshop on Applications of GPS Radio Occultation Measurements : 16-18 June 2008, European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts, Shinfield Park, Reading, Berkshsire, UK
Engineering meteorology : fundamentals of meteorology and their application to problems in environmental and civil engineering
Dynamic meteorology
Are you here
Finnish wind data management and usage for Gauss modeling with SoundPlan-7.2 software
Elements of meteorology
The global climate system : climate system monitoring : june 1986 - november 1988.
Physical meteorology
General meteorology : publ. formerly under the title Synoptic and aeronautical meteorology
Large-scale dynamical processes in the atmosphere
Some applications of statistics to meteorology
Meteorology : the atmosphere in action. 1980.
Authors of the storm : meteorologists and the culture of prediction
Selected papers of Jacob Aall Bonnevie Bjerknes
Ilmastolliset taulukot Kuopion lentoasemalta 1.12.1962...30.11.1966 = Aeronautical climatological tables at Kuopio Airport 1.12.1962...30.11.1966
International cloud atlas. Vol. II
Methods in climatology
An introduction to dynamic meteorology
Weather elements : a text in elementary meteorology
Proceedings of the Nordic Centers of Excellence BACCI (Biosphere-Atmosphere-Cloud-Climate Interactions) and CBACCI (Carbon-BACCI) activities in 2003-2007
Atmospheric circulation systems : their structure and physical interpretation
Meteorology : with marine applications
The heat balance of the earth's surface
The Finnish Meteorological Institute : final report for the Open Data project
Collision efficiencies of two spheres falling in a viscous medium for Reynolds numbers up to 19.2
Bibliography on polar atmospheric circulation
Techniques for detecting carbon dioxide and water vapour transport above a vegetated surface using the eddy-correlation method
World weather and climate
Meteorology today : an introduction to weather, climate, and the environment
Meteorology
Problems in dynamic meteorology
International cloud atlas : abridged atlas
A course in elementary meteorology
Physical & dynamical meteorology
Instructor's manual to accompany An introduction to dynamic meteorology
Removal of ambiguities in meteorological fields through stochastic minimization of the spatial variability
Similarity theory and resistance laws for the atmospheric boundary layer
Balloon tracking using a hybrid system
International cloud atlas. Vol. 1
Statistical theory of incoherent scatter radar measurements
Planned invasion of Japan, 1945 : the Siberian weather advantage
Essentials of meteorology
The downburst : microburst and macroburst
Russian-English dictionary of meteorological and related terms
Dissertatio gradualis, de utilitate observationum meteorologicarum in physica, quam, consensu ampliss. facult. philos. Reg. Acad. Aboënsis, praeside Carolo Friderico Mennander, scient. natur. professore reg. & ordin. pastore in Rändämäki, & Reg. Acad. Scient. Holm. membr. Publico examini submittit Johannes Lagus, Ostrobotniensis, ad diem XXII. Julii, MDCCLI. in auditorio majori, horis ante meridiem consvetis
Introduction to meteorology
Theory of fog condensation
Dynamical and physical meteorology
Eddy covariance : a practical guide to measurement and data analysis
Wind, visibility, and fog conditions at Pori aerodrome
Geodetic operations in Finland 1995-1999
Introduction to theoretical meteorology
Data assimilation for numerical weather prediction systems : a 25 year perspective
Elements of dynamic meteorology
Extending the similarity theory for atmospheric boundary layers : contribution from background stratification
Compendium of meteorology : for use by class 1 and class 2 meteorological personnel. Vol. 1, Synoptic meteorology : part 3
The weather experiment : the pioneers who sought to see the future
Objective analysis of meteorological fields
Micrometeorology : a study of physical processes in the lowest layers of the Earth's atmosphere
Clouds and storms : the behavior and effect of water in the atmosphere
Meteorology for ship and aircraft operation
Mesoscale meteorology and forecasting
Biometeorology : proceedings of the Third International Biometeorological Congress held at Pau, S. France, 1-7 September 1963, organized by the International Society of Biometeorology. Volume 2, part 1
Some aspects of fog with special reference to South Finland
Studies in antarctic meteorology
Making meteorology : social relations and scientific practice
Climates of Northern and Western Europe
Interpretation of observation data from meteorological satellites
The sources and sinks of energy and water in the atmosphere
The Environmental Dictionary EnDic covers a wide field of environmental protection and nature conservation - e.g. such fields as meteorology, hydrology, environmental engineering, water supply and wastewater treatment, waste management, and the environmental policy of the EU.
Groundhog day
Fundamentals of meteorology
Zachmurzenie Spitsbergenu na podstawie obserwacji w Polskiej Stacji Polarnej w Hornsundzie = Cloudiness over Spitsbergen based on observations made at the Polish Polar Station in Hornsund
Descriptive meteorology
The history of the barometer
Meteorology : theoretical and applied
Workshop on micrometeorology
Weather and climate modification
Applied agrometeorology
International cloud atlas. Vol. 2
L.A. story
Weather modification by cloud seeding
