http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7647 peat production
peat production
Peat 90 : versatile peat : International Conference on Peat Production and Use, June 11-15, 1990, Jyväskylä, Finland. Volume 1, Papers
Energy sector in Belarus : focus on wood and peat fuels
Preliminary results of a mole drainage experiment in Piispanneva peat harvesting site
Plant colonization of harvested peat surfaces
The peat resources of Great Britain (Scotland, England, Wales and Isles of Man)
Excavation-drier method of energy-peat production reduces detrimental effects of this process on watercourses
Peat extraction runoff water purification in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatlands in a cold climate
The shape of the past : essays in Scottish ethnology. 2
Fuel peat production technology : training material
A rain warning system for peat production using radar technology
Precipitation-induced runoff and leaching from milled peat mining mires by peat types : a comparative method for estimating the loading of water bodies during peat pruduction
Mires : process, exploitation and conservation
The peat resources of Ireland
Paludiculture - productive use of wet peatlands : climate protection - biodiversity - regional economic benefits
Research on peat production
Peatland ecology and forestry : a sound approach
Spruce and pine on drained peatlands : wood quality and suitability for sawmill industry
Environmental assessment of peatland development operations in Newfoundland
Peat production and other sources in the loading of water courses
Optimiturve : peat production based on solar energy : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
Optimiturve and Adewa : peat production based on solar energy and artificial dewatering of peat : evaluation of the research programmes 1988-1990
Artificial dewatering of peat. Part 6, Peat production methods for the mechanical dewatering process
The greenhouse effects of peat production and use compared with coal, oil, natural gas and wood
Optimiturve : peat production based on solar energy : interim report 1988-1990
Best available technology (BAT) should be used for peat extraction runoff purification. One currently used BAT technique is treatment wetland construction on pristine peatland, but under Finnish national strategies, new peat extraction areas should only be established on previously drained peatland and it can be challenging to find natural, intact peatland for treatment wetlands near these areas. This thesis evaluated the function and purification efficiency of treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatland and examined factors that could indicate their purification efficiency. The year-round removal efficiency of treatment wetlands established in drained or pristine peatland areas in a cold climate was also studied. A first study examined the water flow processes in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatland. In more than 50% of the 20 wetlands studied, the active flow depth was under 20 cm and water distribution was unequal. A second study determined the purification efficiency of treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatland and examined factors indicating removal efficiency. The removal efficiency of suspended solids and inorganic nitrogen was good, but in some wetlands leaching of phosphorus and iron was observed, e.g. due to changes in peat properties, first after drainage and then after rewetting, altering e.g., oxygen conditions in the peat layer. The surface peat content of elements such as phosphorus, iron, aluminum, magnesium, manganese, and calcium can be used as a proxy to assess leaching of phosphorus.A third study examined the year-round purification efficiency of treatment wetlands based on peat extraction load monitoring program values. Seasonal variation in the purification efficiency of constructed wetlands was observed for total nitrogen, ammonium-nitrogen, and chemical oxygen demand (CODMn). Based on these results, it is possible to evaluate the suitability of different drained peatland areas for water purification purposes. Treatment wetlands were shown to generally purify runoff water during winter mainly as well as in other seasons, except for nitrogen and CODMn, but there may be variations between wetlands.
Wise use of mires and peatlands : background and principles including a framework for decision-making
Many uses for peatland cut-away areas
Precipitation-induced runoff and leaching from milled peat mining mires by peat types : a comparative method for estimating the loading of water bodies during peat production
Agricultural utilization of cut-away peatlands
Report on energy use of peat : prepared for United Nations Conference on New and Renewable Sources of Energy, 1981
Turveaumojen lentovalvonta lämpökameralla = Supervision of peat stockpiles by aerial thermography
Environmental aspects of peat siltation arising from intensive peatland exploitation in Ireland
Identification of processes leading to long-term wastewater purification in northern treatment wetlands
Ectomycorrhizal inoculation of willows (Salix spp.) on cut-over boreal peatland
Greenhouse impact due to different peat fuel utilisation chains in Finland : a life-cycle approach
Comparison and development of ditch structures (bed pipe barriers) in reducing suspended solids concentration in waters flowing from peat mining sites
Greenhouse impacts of the use of peat and peatlands in Finland : research programme final report
The bogs of Ireland : an introduction to the natural, cultural and industrial heritage of Irish Peatlands
A systematic approach to the development task of peat fuelled heating plants
Fuel peat utilization in Finland: resource use and emissions
Seminar on peat research, Polytechnical Institute of Kalinin and University of Oulu
Effect of peat production on water quality and bacterioplankton in the drainage basin of the river Kiiminkijoki
The role of peat in Finnish greenhouse gas balances
Peat production technology
Lake Lappajärvi : better watercourses with co-operation!
Managing erosion, sediment transport and water quality in drained peatland catchments
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
Chemical treatment is considered best available technology for purification of peat extraction runoff in Finland, due to its capability to remove dissolved organic carbon (DOC), suspended solids and nutrients. However, lack of optimisation and adaptation of this method for purification of diffuse pollution sources, e.g., peat extraction runoff, has led to significant fluctuations in purification efficiency. This thesis evaluated the suitability of commercially available coagulants for the treatment of typically humic water. Inorganic (ferric sulphate, aluminium sulphate and a mixed product) and organic (polyDADMAC, polyamine, chitosan and tannin products) coagulants were studied. Investigations included assessment of required dosage and the influence of process parameters (pollutant concentration, mixing, water pH and temperature) on coagulant performance. In addition, the process conditions in existing treatment systems were examined in field experiments aimed at identifying possible factors affecting purification.Ferric sulphate (FS) was the most effective of the coagulants tested. It produced excellent flocs and achieved higher removal efficiency, particularly for DOC, than the other coagulants. However, the dosage required for FS was significantly higher than for e.g., polyDADMAC and chitosan. Moreover, samples treated with FS displayed high iron concentration and acidic pH. The organic polymers achieved satisfactory results, but further research is needed before they can become viable alternatives to metal salts.The quality of peat extraction runoff water was found to vary significantly. It was also observed that variations in DOC concentration, even for particulate rich samples, controlled coagulant dosage and, consequently, treatment efficiency. For inorganic coagulants, mixing provided during flocculation had a more significant influence on purification than mixing provided during coagulation. This is relevant hence in now existing treatment facilities no mixing is employed during flocculation. Based on the research conducted, suggestions were formulated for process optimisation aimed at reducing variations in purification efficiency, thus increasing the reliability of the method and reducing related environmental impacts.
Proceedings of the international peat conference [Amsterdam, the Netherlands, November 2-7, 1997] : Peat in horticulture - its use and sustainability
A quarter century of efficient peat development
Turpeen pientuotanto = Small-scale production in Finland
Artificial dewatering of peat. Part 2, The structure of Finnish peat and its influence on water retention
Life cycle assessment of peat utilization in Finland
In the next few decades, industrial peat extraction will cease gradually over more than 80,000 hectares of cutaway peatlands in Ireland and alternative land uses will change the landscape of these areas. This study showed that substantial natural regeneration of downy birch (Betula pubescens) can occur on abandoned as well as cutaway peatlands afforested with conifers.Natural seedling birch stands measured in this study had an estimated biomass production of between 3100 and 5800 kg dry matter ha-1 year-1. This corresponded to an annual carbon stock increment estimated at between 1500 and 2900 kg C ha-1.Direct sowing experiments conducted in this study were the first of their kind in Ireland and showed that sowing downy birch and fertilization with P and K could be a possible management option for the after-use of cutaway peatlands.Exposure was the main obstacle to successful germination and artificial shelter led to higher rates of germination and survival of birch seedlings after the first winter. It can be concluded that birch (naturally or artificially established) can be a feature of this future landscape, bringing many attributes: nurse species, biomass, increased woodland cover and biodiversity..
Bioenergy research programme : final report 1993-1998
Suopohjasta uutta voimaa = The after-use alternatives of postharvesting peat production sites
Releases to watercources from peat harvesting and their control
Fine particle emissions from milled peat production
The Finnish research programme on climate change : progress report
Radial growth and ring formation process in clonal plant Eriophorum angustifolium on post-mined peatland in the Šumava Mts., Czech Republic
Forestry use of cut-away peatlands
Summary.
The potential of birch afforestation as an after-use option for industrial cutaway peatlands
Treatment wetlands (TW) constructed on natural wetlands potentially perform efficient purification of wastewater, but the longevity of TWs at northern latitudes is not well known. This thesis examined processes affecting nutrient and suspended solids (SS) retention in TWs during their lifetime. In total, 15 TWs were studied using water and peat quality and gas flux data for different TW life lengths, the longest period being 18 years.The TWs commonly retained nutrients and suspended solids efficiently, even after 18 years of wastewater loading. For nitrogen (N) removal, sedimentation, nitrification-denitrification and plant uptake were efficient processes in the wetlands studied. However, emissions of nitrous oxide (N2O) from TWs are not a major contributor to climate change due to the small total surface area of TWs. The significance of anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) and other newly discovered nitrogen processes in TWs remains to be clarified. Phosphorus (P) adsorption capacity in TWs remained efficient over a 12-year study period, the process being continuous when surfaces for adsorption were available or freed up through alternating absorption/desorption/adsorption. Phosphorus accumulation by peat accretion was low, but has not been well assessed in northern TWs receiving nutrient-rich waters. Iron (Fe) and aluminium (Al) in peat extraction runoff and purified wastewater from sewage treatment plants were of great importance for precipitation of P in TWs. Filtration and sedimentation of organic humic substances with Fe- or Al-bound P were other probable P retention pathways. In peat extraction runoff, Fe was more significant than Al for P retention, but Fe-bound P is susceptible to desorption in anaerobic environments, whereas Al-bound P is more strongly retained. Suspended solids were generally retained well, although there was great variation in percentage retention in individual TWs in different years and different seasons. Changes in discharge affected SS transportation and retention. SS were retained by sedimentation, the rate of which was affected by particle size. It is plausible that smaller particles from old peat extraction areas where the extracted peat has a high humification degree erode more easily than poorly humified particles in surface peat. Weakened SS retention may also have been caused by development of preferential flow areas (PFA) in TWs, changes in sediment delivery characteristics and sampling involving too few samples to show SS transportation sufficiently accurately for estimating SS retention.Thus TWs are potentially ideal for purification of wastewater and can have high purification efficiency even after long-term use in northern regions. They are also more widely applicable as long as their limitations are understood.
Mass balance determination for trace elements at coal-, peat- and bark-fired power plants
Evaluation and optimisation of chemical treatment for non-point source pollution control:purification of peat extraction runoff water
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
Peat 90 : versatile peat : International Conference on Peat Production and Use, June 11-15, 1990, Jyväskylä, Finland. Volume 2, Posters
Yield optimisation of milled peat using weather forecasts
Climate impacts of peat fuel utilization chains : a critical review of the Finnish and Swedish life cycle assessments
Sihti 2 : energy and environmental technology : yearbook 1993 of the research programme : project reports
Evaluation and optimisation of chemical treatment for non-point source pollution control : purification of peat extraction runoff water
Climate impact from peat utilisation in Sweden
Adewa : artificial dewatering of peat : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
Peat production
Restoration of peatlands after peat harvesting
The basis of the hydrological balance and drainage technique of bogs for peat production
Greenhouse impacts of the use of peat and wood for energy
Spruce and pine on drained peatlands : wood quality and suitability for the sawmill industry
Milled peat production optimisation : a study of the development of the planning system
The spirit of peatlands : 30 years of the International Peat Society
Ammonia emissions from pig and cattle slurry in the field and utilization of slurry nitrogen in crop production
Excavation-drier method of energy-peat extraction reduces long-term climatic impact
Turvetuotantoalueen salaojitus vedenjohtolevyjä käyttäen = Drainage of peat production area using subsurface pipes with rock fiber boards
Greenhouse gas emissions from peat and biomass-derived fuels, electricity and heat : estimation of various production chains by using LCA methodology
Wise use of peatlands : proceedings of the 12th International Peat Congress
Technological processes of field drying in optimum production of peat
Impacts on the energy sector and adaptation of the electricity network business under a changing climate in Finland
Energy Policies of IEA Countries : Finland 2013 review
The contribution to the greenhouse effect from the use of peat and coal for energy
Bioenergy Days 2001 : 13.-14.11.2001 Helsingin Fair Centre, Finland
The use of overland flow for the purification of runoff water from peat mining areas. Peat filtration, field ditches and sedimentation basins for the purification of runoff water from peat mining areas
Restoring salmonid stocks in boreal rivers : problems of passage at migratory obstructions and land-derived loading in production areas
Converting cut-away peatlands for game management purposes
Energy use of peat
Artificial dewatering of peat : Jyväskylä, Finland, 15-16 October, 1991
The climate impact of energy peat utilisation in Sweden : the effect of former land-use and after-treatment
Effects of peatland forestry management and fuel peat mining in Lake Ilajanjärvi, East Finland - a paleolimnological study
