http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7641 club activities
club activities
Extralearning : new opportunities for the out of school hours
Golf : a celebration of 100 years of the rules of play
Fight Club
On the impact of computer science outreach events on K-12 students
English summary.
Introducing hospitality
Understanding deaf culture : in search of deafhood
Recipes : co-operation between school and working life
The 4-H handbook : a timesaver for agricultural leaders, county extension agents, vocational teachers, and older youth
The night club industry in Helsinki
Literary taste, culture and mass communication. Vol. 12, Bookselling, reviewing and reading
British clubs and societies, 1580-1800 : the origins of an associational world
Introduction to hospitality
Leffajengi : social pedagogy in church early youth work
The Project-Based Thesis is aimed at writing a Business plan for a Bar and Nightclub called Kannelklubi.  The thesis was written in three parts. First, theoretical framework was gathered from various sources in order to understand how a successful, working Business Plan should be written. The elements of the Business Plan were studied in detail and used in the writing of actual business plan. Second part discussed the process of the business plan as well as the evaluation of the product. The third part is the actual business plan. The main idea to write the thesis was to prepare the writer for starting a business of his own. It was necessary to understand the various steps required to do so. The thesis was seen as a means to test the success of the business. In the beginning, the writer was not much concerned to attract financiers. Later, it was thought that this was a good opportunity to do so if other partners backed off from the project. The Business Plan was written, keeping in mind the real-life figures. The writer did succeed in writing a working Business Plan and realizing it with some modifications. Kannelklubi opened during the final stages of writing the Business Plan and is still in operation. In the thesis, Kannelklubi is evaluated to help new entrepreneurs understand the importance of a well drafted Business Plan.
Twelve years of Futuuri-club - the participants' motives and experiences
The culture of association and associations in contemporary Japanese society
Let's invet more : learning materials for Invention Clubs
Discover Sport Club : an alternative physical activity for children
Loneliness no, exercise yes!
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Accountability for after-school care : devising standards and measuring adherence to them
International Club for International Students in Higher Education : Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences
Women, clubs and associations in Britain
The playworker's handbook
International handbook of child care policies and programs
