http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7642 clubs (recreational)
clubs (recreational)
Katie and the cupcake cure
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 6
Claudia and mean Janine : a graphic novel
Abstract.
Chocolat. vol. 5 / [translation: Jackie Oh] ; [English adaptation: Jamie S. Rich]
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 10
The story of Finnish bikers
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan. 2
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 9
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 4
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-Chan. 6
Korttelin kohtauspaikka : Korttelitalo Kimara, Vantaa= Meeting place of the block : Communal building and day-care centre Kimara
Mary Anne saves the day : a graphic novel
The sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya
Bar and club design
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 1
Bright young things
Claudia and her sister, Janine, may as well be from two different planets. Claudia, who pays more attention to her artwork and The Baby-sitters Club than her homework, feels like she can't compete with her perfect sister. Janine studies nonstop, gets straight As, and even takes college-level courses! But when something unexpected happens to the most beloved person in their family, will the sisters be able to put aside their differences? / WorldCat.
The boredom of Haruhi Suzumiya
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 2
Fostering learning and leadership : organizational change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
Glee. The complete fourth season
The melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya
Emma on thin icing
Let's invet more : learning materials for Invention Clubs
Chocolat. vol. 4 / [translation: Jackie Oh] ; [English adaptation: Jamie S. Rich]
Discover Sport Club : an alternative physical activity for children
Genshiken. 5, The Doujinshi code
Joining the Baby-sitter's Club after moving to a new town, Stacey helps her new friends outmaneuver a rival sitter group while coming to terms with her diabetes / Library of Congress.
The chronicles of the Royal Thames Yacht Club
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 11
The wavering of Haruhi Suzumiya
The melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi-chan : the untold adventures of the SOS brigade. 04
The idea of modernisation and 4H as a modern, Finnish organisation in development co-operation
Kristy and the nasty nappies
The Secret club
The melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi-chan : the untold adventures of the SOS brigade. 02
Recipes : co-operation between school and working life
The melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi-chan : the untold adventures of the SOS brigade. 05
Buster's naughty tricks
Yuck's fart club and Yuck's sick trick
The modern age : turn-of-the-century American culture and the invention of adolescence
HISC information
From bad to cursed : a Bad girls don't die novel
The melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi-chan : the untold adventures of the SOS brigade. 03
The indignation of Haruhi Suzumiya
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 8
International Club at Savonia UAS
The last free men : the uses of biker culture
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 7
The melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi-chan : the untold adventures of the SOS brigade. 07
The sweethearts' knitting club
Outlaw biker : a sort of history
The Friendship Club
Professional discotheque management
New bar and club design
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 5
When a fight breaks out among the members of the Baby-sitters Club, timid Mary Anne finds herself becoming more assertive as a babysitter and in her relationships with her father and friends / WorldCat.
Golf : a celebration of 100 years of the rules of play
The intrigues of Haruhi Suzumiya
The management of people in hotels, restaurants and clubs
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan. 3
Genshiken. 3, Sisterly love
Chocolat. 3 / [translation: Jackie Oh] ; [English adaptation: Jamie S. Rich]
K-On!. 4
British clubs
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-Chan. 5
Poop Fountain!
Scrapped
Bikers : culture, politics and power
Book Girl and the scribe who faced God. Part 1
The Jane Austen book club
Fostering Learning and Leadership : Organizational Change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
The black and white club
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
Twelve years of Futuuri-club - the participants' motives and experiences
Private recipes from private clubs
Black and deaf in America : are we that different
Genshiken. 6, Where the boys are
Haaga Future Leaders Club is an optional addition to student's curriculum in Haaga. Its fundamental purpose is to facilitate the learning of its members. HFLC's main activities are project assignments from the industry, representation in competitions and events as well as supportive functions such as coaching and mentoring. Haaga Future Leaders Club was formed in December 2009 and the first meeting was held on January 15, 2010. First year of operations revealed challenges which were interpreted as deriving from the lack of organizational structures which resulted in poor organizational culture and perceived lowered motivation of the members. Despite the challenges, the pilot was seen successful and interpreted as being in need for further studying. The primary object of the thesis is to organize a workshop to collect material for a Member's guide leaflet. The Member's guide to be used as a facilitator for Haaga Future Leaders Club's operations and to clarify its identity and start building the self-directed organizational structure. The thesis is project-oriented with two interdependent products: 1) Workshop, where the material for the Member's guide is created, and the 2) Member's guide itself. The workshop stands as a starting point for the change process in Haaga Future Leaders Club, which is expected to lead to imcreased self-direction and subsequently to continuity and the development of the group. The theoretic background is based on a combination of learning and leadership. Two main theories are transformative learning and transformational leadership. The thesis was completed during the spring 2011. The goal of the thesis was reached as the workshop provided material for Haaga Future Leaders Club - Member's guide and started the change process. The outcome of the change process is to be evaluated in future. Did the thesis influence the organizational culture and practices of Haaga Future Leaders Club?
The only child club
Genshiken. 2, Save the Genshiken!
The posthumous papers of the Pickwick Club
Mia in the mix
Lychee light club
Fight Club
The Paradise guest house : a novel
Kristy's great idea
The fat mexican: the bloody rise of the bandidos motorcycle club
Improving customer based service management : case: Kotojärvi golf club restaurant
The rampage of Haruhi Suzumiya
The night club industry in Helsinki
Leather armchairs : the Chivas Regal book of London clubs
The truth about Stacey
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 3
The club of angels
Chocolat. 1 / [translation Sunny Kim]
Together in music : music clubs for people with learning disabilities
Chocolat. 2 / [translation Sunny Kim] ; [English adaptation Jackie Oh, Audra Furuichi]
A study of brand image : case Nightclub Bra
Honey's new friend
Chloe's secret Princess Club
The melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi-chan : the untold adventures of the SOS brigade. 06
International Club for International Students in Higher Education : Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan. 7
Hide and seek
