http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7649 Campylobacteria
Campylobacteria
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens : technical report
Campylobacter is a leading cause of enteric infections in many countries. The principal reservoir of pathogenic Campylobacter spp. is the alimentary tract of wild and domesticated mammals and birds. FAO and WHO have undertaken a risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens. An interpretative summary of that work is described in this volume. This assessment compared the risk for a variety of scenarios and mitigation measures for control of the organism in a range of broiler chicken products. This volume contains information that is useful to both risk assessors and risk managers, governments and food regulatory agencies, industry and other people or institutions with an interest in Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens, the public health impact and the use of risk assessment in the evaluation and selection of potential control strategies--Publisher's description.
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens : interpretative summary
Collins and Lyne's microbiological methods
Mechanisms and development of antimicrobial resistance in Campylobacter with special reference to ciprofloxacin
Campylobacter is a leading cause of enteric infections in many countries. The principal reservoir of pathogenic Campylobacter spp. is the alimentary tract of wild and domesticated mammals and birds. Poultry meat is an important vehicle for foodborne transmission of Campylobacter spp., particularly Campylobacter jejuni. FAO and WHO have undertaken a risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens as described in this volume. This assessment compared the risk for a variety of scenarios and mitigation measures for control of the organism in a range of broiler chicken products. It also includes a review and analysis of current scientific information and a description of the risk model.--Publisher's description.
Textbook of diagnostic microbiology
Molecular typing of Campylobacter coli strains isolated from diifferent sources
Survival and reduction of strains of Campylobacter species in broiler meat
A practical approach to the application of the risk analysis process : illustrated with two examples Caffeine and Campylobacter
Abstract.
Investigating outbreaks of waterborne gastroenteritis : application of modern epidemiological and microbiological methods
Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli in Finnish poultry production
Campylobacter hyointestinalis subsp. hyointestinalis, a common Campylobacter species in reindeer
Salmonella and Campylobacter in chicken meat : meeting report
Domestically acquired Campylobacter infections in Finland
PFGE genotyping and antimicrobial susceptibility of Campylobacter in retail poultry meat in Estonia
Molecular typing and source attribution of finnish campylobacter jejuni isolates
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens and Vibrio spp. in seafood : report of a Joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation, Bangkok, Thailand, 5-9 August 2002.
Campylobacter : molecular and cellular biology
Prevalence of campylobacters in chicken flocks during the summer of 1999 in Finland
Nordic Workshop on Campylobacter : report from a workshop in Copenhagen, November 1997.
Fluoroquinolone resistance in Salmonella enterica and Campylobacter jejuni
Evaluation of genetic markers and molecular typing methods for prediction of sources of Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli infections
Discussions on the risk assessment of Campylobacter
Antimicrobial resistance in Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli
Prevalence of Campylobacter in raw chicken meat of Estonian origin
Guide to foodborne pathogens
Joint symptoms and reactive arthritis after a waterborne gastroenteritis outbreak in Pirkanmaa, Finland, 2007
Campylobacter infections in Finland
Salmonella and campylobacter in organic egg production : with special reference to the Finnish situation
Molecular typing and source attribution of Finnish Campylobacter jejuni isolates
A large outbreak of campylobacteriosis associated with a municipal water supply in Finland
Longitudinal study of Finnish Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli isolates from humans, using multilocus sequence typing, including comparison with epidemiological data and isolates from poultry and cattle
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
Prevalence and transmission of the emerging foodborne pathogen Arcobacter throughout the food chain
Characterization of Campylobacter jejuni strains from different hosts and modelling the survival of C. jejuni in chicken meat and in water
Food microbiology laboratory
Severe campylobacter infections in Finland
Antimicrobial resistance in Campylobacter jejuni isolated from broiler chickens in Estonia during periods 2002-2003 and 2005-2006
Campylobacter in Finnish organic laying hens in autumn 2003 and spring 2004.
Antimicrobial resistance of thermophilic Campylobacters from production animals in Finland : preliminary results
Antimicrobial resistance and its mechanisms among Campylobacter coli and Campylobacter upsaliensis with a special focus on streptomycin
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
Prevalence of Campylobacter spp. in cattle in Finland and antimicrobial susceptibilities of bovine Campylobacter jejuni strains
Characterization of Finnish Campylobacter isolates : species identification, survival on fresh produce and molecular epidemiology
Population genetics and molecular epidemiology of Campylobacter jejuni
Finnish cattle as reservoir of Campylobacter spp
Susceptibility of Campylobacter hyointestinalis subsp. hyointestinalis to antimicrobial agents and characterization of quinolone-resistant strains
Campylobacter infections of domestic origin in Finland
Survival of Campylobacter jejuni in marinated and nonmarinated chicken products
Campylobacteriosis, the most common bacterial food-borne disease worldwide, is mainly caused by Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli. Most studies have focused on the genetic diversity of C. jejuni, but little is known about C. coli. The aim of this work was to characterize C. coli from different sources, by evaluating the distribution and/or diversity of certain genetic markers. A total of 145 C. coli isolates from different sources (2 goose,18 poultry, 35 human and 90 swine) were screened for fucP, ggt, cytC, sialyltransferases genes and CRISPRs. Additionally, the diversity of the LOS loci and of the CRISPRs, were assessed. A frequency of 90.34% was observed for fucP and CRISPRs among C. coli. Conversely, the frequency of GGT phenotype, and cytC, and cst-I genotype was 1.38%, while cst-V genotype was 0.69%. Only one isolate was positive for all markers except fucP; no source association was observed. LOS and CRISPRs exhibited a wide diversity. In conclusion, ggt, fucP, and cytC seem to be lineage related in C. coli, and not host associated. CRISPRs were too discriminatory to be of use in epidemiological investigations. Results suggest a high diversity of the LOS, and there may exist more classes than those previously described.
Identification and epidemiological typing of campylobacter strains isolated from patients in Finland
An atlas of the clinical microbiology of infectious diseases. Volume l, Bacterial agents
Campylobacters : the most common bacterial enteropathogens in the Nordic countries
Large waterborne epidemic in Pirkanmaa, Finland 2007 : Study on disease burden, health consequences and health-economic costs
