http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7643 Russian language
Russian language
Learn Russian now! : read, listen, speak
Perception and learning of Finnish quantity : study in children with reading disabilities and familial risk for dyslexia and Russian second-language learners
Russian for everybody = Russki jazyk dlja vseh. Textbook
Stories from today's Russia : a reader for intermediate students of Russian = Rasskazy iz segodnjasnej rossii
Kapusta CD-ROM 2.0 : a gentle first touch with Russian : pehmeä lasku venäjän kieleen
Russian in an easy way : Russian language course for beginners : 30 hours
Conversational Russian in 7 days : master language survival skills in just one week
Russian for travellers
Rossija : den' segodnjašnij : tekstyi i upražnenija = Present-day russia : texts and exercises
Ferocious beast (óarga dýr) between north and east
Passive constructions in Russian
201 Russian verbs : fully conjugated in all the tenses : alphabetically arranged
A short dictionary of 18-century Russian = Slovarik russkogo jazyka 18-go veka
Rapid Russian Vol.1 : 200+ essential words and phrases anchored into your long-term memory with great    music
Fast Russian
Traveler's language guides : russian
Cartoon fables : animal symbolism in Kukryniksy's Pravda political cartoons, 1965-1982
Ruslan Russian. 3 : CD-ROM 2 : lessons 5-7 : advanced multimedia Russian course
The teach yourself Russian phrase book
A semantic analysis of the Russian verbal prefixes za-, pere-, do-, and ot-
A first workbook of Russian : for use with Russian through pictures, Book 1
The syntax and semantics of the Russian infinitive
Alexander Bessonov's Čeremissko-Russkij slovar' of the second half of the 19th century
4000 naibolee upotrebitel'nyh slov russkogo âzyka : učebnyj slovar' dlâ zarubežnyh škol = 4000 commonly used Russian words : a dictionary for foreign schools
Basic Russian : a grammar and workbook
The Veps language in Russia : ELDIA case-specific report
Kalmyk-Russian bilingualism and translation issues
Russian : vocabulary builder+ : with the Michel Thomas Method
Rossija 2000 : teksty i upraznenija = Russia 2000 : texts and exercises
Russian for dummies
First Russian words
Using Russian : A guide to contemporary usage
Rossiâ den' za dnëm : teksty i upražneniâ. Vypusk 2 = Russia day by day : texts and exercises. Vol. 2
Particles in colloquial Russian = Časticy russkoj razgovornoj reči
A foundation dictionary of Russian : 3000 high semantic frequency words illustrated with phrases and sentences
The role of case in Russian syntax
Dictionary of Russian verb forms
Russian for business communications = Russkij âzyk dlâ delovogo obŝeniâ
Put' k obŝeniû : intensivnyj kurs rečevoj adaptacii = A way to social interaction : intensive course of survival russian
5000 Russian words : with all their inflected forms and other grammatical information : a Russian-English dictionary with an English-Russian word index
When identity becomes political : the Russophone population of Moldova in social media
Russian in 60 minutes : Start speaking Russian in just one hour
Russian through pictures. Book 1
Issledovanija po semantike predikatov vnutrennego sostojanija = Investigations in the semantics of inner state predicates
Very simple Russian
Let's improve our Russian : advanced grammar topics for English speaking students : step one = Ulučšim naš russkij
News from Russia : language, life, and the russian media
Influence of Russian on the syntax of Komi
Experience significant results in a remarkably short period of time - without books, drills, memorizing, or homework.
Ruslan Russian. 3 : CD-ROM 1 : lessons 1-4 : advanced multimedia Russian course
PDQ Russian : quick language course
Ruslan Russian. 1 : recordings on CD
Learn in your car : Russian : the complete language course
Fantastic in form, ambiguous in content : secondory worlds in Soviet children's fantasy fiction
Report on the case study on the Karelian language in Russia, conducted within the EU-FP7 research project ELDIA.
A short Russian reference grammar : with a chapter on pronunciation
Total Russian : Michel Thomas method : listen, connect, speak
Teach Yourself Instant Russian
Russian phrase book & dictionary + audioCD
Rapid Russian : 200+ essential words and phrases anchored into your long-term memory with great music. Vol. 1.
Deficiencies of official bilingualism in the Finno-Ugric republics of Post-Soviet Russia : a legal perspective
Substrata Uralica : studies on Finno-Ugrian substrate in Northern Russian dialects
Report about the case study on the Veps language in Russia, conducted within the EU-FP7 research project ELDIA.
Talking about time in Russian and Finnish
Russkij âzyk dlâ vseh = Russian for everybody. Rabočaâ tetrad' = Workbook
Dictionary of Russian personal names : with a revised guide to stress and morphology
Da. Eto vopros! : prosodic development of Finnish students' read-aloud Russian during study in Russia
4000 naibolee upotrebitel'nyh slov russkogo âzyka : učebnyj slovar' dlâ zarubežnyh škol = 4000 commonly used Russian words : a dictionary for foreign school
Russian and Soviet sociolinguistics and taboo varieties of the Russian language (argot, jargon, slang and "mat")
Basic structure practice in Russian
Colloquial Russian : the complete course for beginners
Fast Russian : "now you're talking!"
Read and write Russian script
Russian : a practical grammar with exercises
Get started in Russian
Fluency development in L2 during study abroad: Finnish students of Russian
Karelian in Russia : ELDIA case-specific report
Ruslan Russian. 2, Second stage multimedia Russian course
Discerning cultural depictions and mistakes in Kafe Piter, a Russian language textbook for Finnish students
Ruslan Russian : recordings on CD. 2
Reflexive space : a constructionist model of the Russian reflexive marker
The Environmental Dictionary EnDic covers a wide field of environmental protection and nature conservation - e.g. such fields as meteorology, hydrology, environmental engineering, water supply and wastewater treatment, waste management, and the environmental policy of the EU.
V puti : Russian grammar in context
Russkij klub = The Russian club
Survival Russian : a course in conversational Russian = Kurs russkoj razgovornoj reči
Ruslan Russian. 1, A communicative course for beginners in Russian
Karmannaja grammatika russkogo jazyka dlja inostrantsev = Pocket Russian grammer for foreigners = Taschenbuch der russischen Grammatik für Auslander
Russian : a self-teaching guide
Advanced Russian through history
Stability and instability in language : contemporary changes in "Finland's Russian"
The client factor : a study of clients' expectations regarding non-literary translators and the quality of non-literary translations
Rapid Russian : 200+ essential words and phrases anchored into your long-term memory with great music. Vol. 2.
Beginner's Russian : an easy introduction
The Oxford Russian grammar and verbs
Teach yourself Russian
Modern Russian. 1
Sbornik upražnenij po sintaksisu russkogo âzyka s kommentariâmi : Složnoe predloženie = Exercises in russian syntax with explanatory notes: compound and complex sentences
Russian substantives: Distribution of gender
