http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7666 care services
care services
Geographies of care : space, place, and the voluntary sector
Cash and care : policy challenges in the welfare state
A labour of love : women, work and caring
Dilemmas of care in the Nordic welfare state : continuity and change
Making care work : employed mothers in the new childcare market
Abstract: The voucher game : a case study of elderly service voucher users freedom of choise in a home care context.
Feminist social policy in Finland : contradictions of municipal homemaking
Reconstructing social work research : Finnish methodological adaptations
"For every person over the age of 65 in todayʼs European Union there are four people of working age but, by 2050, there will only be two. Demand for long-term care, of which home care forms a significant part, will inevitably increase in the decades to come. Despite the importance of the issue there is, however, a lack of up-to-date and comparative information on home care in Europe. This volume attempts to fill some of that gap by examining current European policy on home-care services and strategies. Home Care across Europeprobes a wide range of topics including the linkage between social services and health-care systems, the prevailing funding mechanisms, how  service providers are paid, the impact of governmental regulation, and the complex roles played by informal caregivers. Drawing on a set of Europe-wide case studies (available in a second, online volume), the study provides comparable descriptive information on many aspects of the organization, financing and provision of home care across the continent. It is a text  that will help frame the coming debate about how best to serve elderly citizens as  European populations age." -- (takakansi)
Child care service for companies of the Rehabilitation Foundation for Children and Young People : developmental aspects
Home care across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Planning Strategies for Home Care Services
Evidence based nursing : a guide to clinical practice
Summary.
Talking about care : two sides to the story
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
Negotiating helpful action : a substantive theory on the relationship between formal and informal care
Ageing in contexts of migration
The ideology of community care
Abstract: Persistence and change in well-being in the third age : a longitudinal study of ageing people's life course at Varkaus in 1991 and 2004.
Ageing report : overall assessment of the effects of ageing and the adequacy of preparation for demographic changes
Farming for health : green-care farming across Europe and the United States of America
The political and social economy of care in Nicaragua : familialism of care under an exclusionary social policy regime
Bathing : the body and community care
Governing home care : a cross-national comparison
Revaluing care in theory, law & policy : cycles and connections
Family caregiving across the lifespan
Facts and figures on long-term care : Europe and North America
Critical approaches to care : understanding caring relations, identities and cultures
Coordinating eldercare in the community : care management as a mode to implement welfare mix in Japan
Care work in crisis : reclaiming the Nordic ethos of care
Home Care Across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Supervision in the helping professions : an individual, group and organizational approach
Dementia and social work practice : research and interventions
Care work : the quest for security
Care : personal lives and social policy
Care as a site of political struggle
Care in everyday life : an ethic of care in practice
Abstract: Informal care in the context of social policy.
Abstract: Care enterprises and the functionality of elderly people living at home : the perspectives of againg people, municipal decision-makers and care entrepreneurs.
A caring society? : care and the dilemmas of human service in the twenty-first century
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Shaping structural change in Finland : the role of women
Women and social policy : a reader
The book makes an original and innovative contribution to the study of child and elder care in that it analyses new tensions that are related to different types and dimensions of care in the context of recent welfare state reforms. It provides insight into the history of theoretical concepts related to care, and the theoretical framework of 'tensions'. Analyses relate to new tensions that are connected with different types of formal and informal child and elderly care, and with migration related to care. Also, tensions within care cultures, and between the cultural and the institutional framework of care are analysed. Moreover, it is shown if and under which conditions welfare state reforms have contributed to strengthen existing tensions or even to create new tensions, and under which conditions they have contributed to relax such tensions. The volume brings together high-ranking experts in the field of research on welfare and work from different disciplines and from different European countries.
The cultures of caregiving : conflict and common ground among families, health professionals, and policy makers
Journey of hope and despair : the short-term outcome in schizophrenia and the experiences of caregivers of people with severe mental disorder
The unconscious at work : individual and organizational stress in the human services
Narrating care and entrepreneurship
Care work in Europe : current understandings and future directions
Collaborative care : interprofessional, interagency and interpersonal
Caring connections : compassionate mutuality in the organizational life of a nursing home
Partnerships in family care
Care between work and welfare in European societies
Outreach work in care services for older people : practices and experience
"I ́ll be doing this sky in my dreams tonight" : Art in Hospital
This book is a fresh contribution to the feminist welfare state debate as far as caring is concerned. By using the case of municipal homemakers in Finland, the author analyzes the relation between women and the caring state. The analysis addresses the welfare state formation, beneficial for women and built by women in alliance with leftist men, sympathetic to women's issues. The Finnish experience differs from any other Western models of home help. In Finland, municipal homemakers are well trained, permanently promoted into their public employee positions and they earn fixed monthly salaries. The homemaking position is not a case of female reserve labour but a life-long occupation. The emergence and development of the occupation is analyzed from a critical perspective, differentiating between ideologies and actual practices in creation of this public caring reform. However, the gendered nature of caring work in the public sphere also in the Nordic countries comes out clearly: it is a woman's work with women's wage and low status in spite of high unionization. The welfare state is contradictory to women.
Cash for care in developed welfare states
Care work : gender, class, and the welfare state
Care work : present and future
Communication, relationships and care : a reader
Technology as a part of care service production : concept design case for Wiktio
Abstract (s. 9-10): Quality and productive efficiency? : an economic study on institutional care for older people.
