http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7662 treason
treason
Owen Lattimore and the "Loss" of China
Deterring fraud by informing the public : Round Table on Anti-fraud Communication
Defining a British state : treason and national identity, 1608-1820
NJF seminar 479 : Reindeer herding and land use management - Nordic perspectives : 20-21 October 2014, Arctic Centre, University of Lapland, Rovaniemi, Finland
The new Mrs Clifton
Enchanted by nature : getting acquainted with the border area nature
Heart of the hunter
Mortality and survival of semi-domesticated reindeer (Rangifer tarandus tarandus L.) calves in northern Finland
Intersection
The study was planned to find evidence on potential cultural factors in occurrence and distribution of soil-living mites (Oribatida and Mesostigmata) in Finland. Samples were taken from meadows, gardens and forest edges at (a) isolated cottages and (b) culturally exposed farms in two areas, Sipoo/Mäntsälä and Ilomantsi. Multiple factorial analyses revealed significant differences only between the areas. Number of species was lower in Ilomantsi, where several ”southern” species were absent. The typical forest species were more abundant in the forest habitat. There was no difference between ”Cottages” and ”Farms”..
The spy's son : the true story of the highest-ranking CIA officer ever convicted of espionage and the son he trained to spy for Russia
Breaking with Moscow
The prisoner of Zenda
The Crimen maiestatis in the Roman republic and Augustan principate
Owls of the world
Treason by words : literature, law, and rebellion in Shakespeare's England
NGP yearbook 2010 : the geography of tourism, leisure and recreation
Dangerous talk and strange behavior : women and popular resistance to the reforms of Henry VIII
Fight against fraud : protection of the financial interests of the communities : annual report 2004 : annexes
The Count of Monte Cristo
Environmental conflicts : the role of economic instruments
Protection of the European Communities ́ financial interests : fight against fraud : annual report
Jack Reacher : never go back
Swedish medieval and early modern treason legislation : a consequence of peasant uprisings?
In the light of what we know
The spy's son : The true story of the highest-ranking CIA officer ever convicted of espionage and the son he trained to spy for Russia
Offences against the State in Roman Law and the Courts which were competent to take cognisance of them
The traitors' pit
Brownlie's law of public order and national security
Cultural factors in the distribution of soil mites in Finland
The faighters
The Dutch approach in tackling EC fraud
Agricultural law for the European Union : current problems and future problems : papers and precedents from two joint conferences on the EU Common Agricultural Policy
Treason on trial in revolutionary Pennsylvania : the case of John Roberts, miller
A spy among friends : Kim Philby and the great betrayal
The king's gold
A step in the dark
Mistake, fraud and duties to inform in European contract law
Fight against fraud : annex to the annual report 2006 of the Commission on the protection of the European Communities' financial interests : implementation of Article 280 of the EC treaty by the member states in 2006
A dance with dragons
Allegories of the purge : how literature responded to the postwar trials of writers and intellectuals in France
One September morning in 2008, an investment banker approaching forty, his career in collapse and his marriage unraveling, receives a surprise visitor at his West London townhouse. In the disheveled figure of a South Asian male carrying a backpack, the banker recognizes a long-lost friend, a mathematics prodigy who disappeared years earlier under mysterious circumstances. The friend has resurfaced to make a confession of unsettling power. In The Light of What We Know takes us on a journey of exhilarating scope - from Kabul to London, New York, Islamabad, Oxford, and Princeton - and explores the great questions of love, belonging, science, and war. It is an age-old story: the friendship of two men and the betrayal of one by the other. The visitor, a man desperate to climb clear of his wrong beginnings, seeks atonement; and the narrator sets out to tell his friend's story but finds himself at the limits of what he can know about the world - and, ultimately, himself. Set against the breaking of nations and beneath the clouds of economic crisis, this surprisingly tender novel chronicles the lives of people carrying unshakable legacies of class and culture as they struggle to tame their futures. In an extraordinary feat of imagination, Zia Haider Rahman has telescoped the great upheavals of our young century into a novel of rare intimacy and power.
The shadow year
Inkheart
Black book
Lord Denning's report : presented to Parliament by the Prime Minister by Command of Her Majesty, September 1963.
Quisling : a study in treason
An officer and a spy
Winter in wartime
The geography of fear : a latitudinal gradient in anti-predator escape distances of birds across Europe
Alger Hiss : why he chose treason
Abstracts and presentations : The 15th Nordic Conference on Reindeer and Reindeer Husbandry Research : Luleå, 26th-29th January 2009
The count of Monte Cristo
Summary.
Japan and the high treason incident
Swedish treason legislation and peasant unrest : from the High Middle Ages to the Era of Enlightenment (1300-1800)
Traitors & turncoats : twenty tales of treason, from Benedict Arnold to Ezra Pound
Protecting the Community's financial interests : the fight against fraud. Annual report 1994
Dead to me
The implementation of the Corpus Juris in the member states. Vol. 2
Fight against fraud : annex to the annual report 2005 from the Commission on the protection of the European Communities' financial interests : follow-up of the Commission action plan 2004-05 - implementation of article 280 of the EC Treaty by the member states in 2005 - statistical evaluation of irregularities
The golden eagle
OLAF and international cooperation : the fight against fraud and transnational crime
Blasphemy
A dance with dragons. Part two, After the feast
Complex legal regulation v. advanced professional criminality in the European Union : a European problem
Traitor in Williamsburg : a Felicity mystery
Predation by golden eagle Aquila chrysaetos on semi-domesticated reindeer Rangifer tarandus calves in northeastern Finnish Lapland
Beasts on fields : human-wildlife conflicts in nature-culture borderlands
Conrad's fate
The repressive fight against eurofraud
A dance with dragons. Part one, Dreams and dust
Quisling : a study in treachery
Voodoo science : the road from foolishness to fraud
Letting the side down : British traitors of the Second World War
City of bones
The Dreyfus affair in French society and politics
The implementation of the Corpus Juris in the member states. Vol. 3
Opinions of the committee on commerce and distribution (CCD)
As the Second World War draws to a close, Gus Clifton, feared lost in Germany, surprises his sisters at their family home. But an even greater shock is Krista - the German wife whom he has married secretly in Berlin. Gus's sisters can only see the enemy their brother has brought under their roof. And their friend Nella, Gus's beautiful, loyal fiancee, cannot understand what made Gus change his mind about their marriage. What hold does Krista have over their honourable and upright Gus? And how can the three women get her out of their home, their future, their England?
Firewall
Why the Dreyfus Affair matters
