http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7668 publishing systems
publishing systems
Abstract: The Fryske Akademy hosts the Mercator Research Centre, the Network of Schools, and the Mercator Network websites. They were originally developed on Plone® 'content management system' (CMS) platform which had been decided to be replaced by TYPO3® CMS. Additionally, the accessibility features were inadequate.    Little knowledge was available regarding the methodology of converting a Plone-based website to TYPO3 platform. Building up knowledge on this matter as well as clearly documenting the migration were the essential goals of this assignment.    All three Mercator websites were successfully migrated during the project. Achieving this positive outcome resulted from a comprehensive analysis of the initial circumstances, and from a determination to design a verified migration method.    The templates of all three websites were recreated by committing to W3C's Markup Validation, and accessibility was improved by following the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines. Additionally, the flexible template design allowed straight-forward implementation of “neat features” in the end. The Fryske Akademy went live on the new platform as of finishing the writing of this document.    This study teaches that while the actual content migration is merely a mechanical task, recreating existing website's template design under another CMS architecture and/or ideology can be challenging. Nonetheless, redesigning and upgrading an outdated CMS software is an opportunity for an organization to refresh their web presence, and furthermore, renew web editors' toolbox for content management..
Beginning SharePoint 2010 administration
Journal of the European Higher Education Area : policy, practice and institutional engagement
Joomla! 1.5 JavaScript jQuery : enhance your Joomla! sites with the power of jQuery extensions, plugins, and more
Joomla! 1.6 : a user's guide : building a successful Joomla! powered website
Change and continuity
Adobe InDesign CS6 interactive : digital publishing for the internet & the iPAD
Adobe InDesign CS6 on demand
Adobe InDesign CC : classroom in a book: the official training workbook from Adobe
Drupal : the guide to planning and building websites
Wordpress bible
Eye tracking the user experience : a practical guide
InDesign CS5 automation using XML & JavaScript
InDesign type : professional typography with Adobe InDesign
Bridge feasibility study and requirement specification
Adobe® InDesign® CS5 : classroom in a book ®: the official training workbook from Adobe Systems
Adobe Acrobat 9 : covers Standard, Pro, and Pro Extended : classroom in a book : the official training workbook from Adobe Systems
InDesign CS6 : for Windows and Macintosh
Adobe Indesign CS/CS2 breakthroughs
First look 2007 Microsoft Office system
Achieving competitive advantage through quality management
Mastering InDesign CS5 : for print design and production
Google Apps deciphered : compute in the cloud to streamline your desktop
Joomla! Start to finish : how to plan, execute, and maintain your web site
Joomla! For Dummies
Joomla! 3 explained : your step-by-step guide
The design collection revealed : Adobe Indesign CS5, Photoshop CS4 & Illustrator CS4
Microsoft SharePoint foundation 2010: step by step
Writing and digital media
Building e-commerce solutions with WooCommerce : transform your WordPress website into a fully-featured e-commerce store with the power of WooCommerce
More math into LaTeX
Creating a website for an AV production company
Comparisons, regimes, elections : festschrift for Lauri Karvonen
Adobe Dreamweaver CS3 : project-based training
Adobe InDesign CS4 : classroom in a book : the official training workbook from Adobe Systems
SharePoint 2010 user's guide : learning Microsoft's business collaboration platform
Professional SharePoint(R) 2007 development
Adobe InDesign CS5 : illustrated
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Microsoft SharePoint 2010 for dummies
Human-computer interaction
Archives & museum informatics
The design collection revealed : Adobe InDesign CS5, Photoshop CS5, Illustrator CS5
Microsoft Office 2010 bible
Design and prototyping for Drupal
Adobe InDesign CC
Teach yourself visually Office 2010
Beginning January 1, 2017, the role of publisher of the journal Human Technology will be moved from the Agora Center to the Open Science Center at the University of Jyvaskyla because of internal university restructuring. Day-to-day operations and ongoing open access will continue for Human Technology's without interruption.
Joomla! Mobile development beginner's guide : build Joomla! websites for mobile devices
Creating web pages for dummies®
A companion to digital humanities
Seamless teamwork : using Microsoft SharePoint technologies to collaborate, innovate, and drive business in new ways
Essential SharePoint 2013 : practical guidance for meaningful business results
Adobe Indesign CS4 : illustrated
Instant indesign : designing templates for fast and efficient page layout
Beginning SharePoint 2007 administration : Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 and Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007
Using WordPress
Journal of computer security
Microsoft Office Sharepoint Server 2007 : best practices
Adobe Indesign CS5 on demand
This thesis describes the three most common and widely used content management systems (CMS) used to power several millions of business websites on the internet. Since there are many other content managements systems online, this report provides some helpful guides on each of the three most used systems and the web design projects that each of them maybe most suitable. There are plenty of options when it comes to selecting a content management system for a development project and this thesis focuses on making a detailed comparison between the three most commonly used ones. This comparison will help provide a clear understanding of why a content management system maybe preferred to the other when considering any web design project. To help detect the content management system (CMS) or development platform that an already existing website is built on, some helpful website analyzing tools are also discussed in this report. By reading this report, a reader with no previous experience with content management systems will be able to have a general view on what they are, what the commonly used ones are and what to consider when making a choice of content management system to use. Also a reader with some previous experience with these systems will be able to know the content management systems that are suitable for his/her business or professional goals.
Inside Microsoft Windows SharePoint services 3.0
Advanced Joomla!
Change in Human Technology's Publisher : continued focus on open access human-technology research
The official Joomla! book
Cloud computing for libraries
Learning Joomla! 1.5 extension development : creating modules, components, and plug-ins with PHP
Adobe InDesign CC : classroom in a book
Human Technology will move to a new physical location in January 2017—the Open Science Center of the University of Jyväskylä, due to university restructuring—yet the University remains the ultimate publisher. For Human Technology, change is inherent; indeed this is reflected in the research published in each issue. The present issue comprises five articles that demonstrate the ongoing integration of technology in most aspects of human living.
WooCommerce cookbook : create, design, and manage your own personalized online store with WooCommerce, the fastest growing e-commerce platform
Microsoft Office 2011 for Mac
Microsoft sharepoint server 2010 bible
Creating a content management system using Ajax and PHP
Digital publishing with adobe indesign CS6
Joomla! explained : your step-by-step guide
WordPress on demand
InDesign CS5 for dummies
WordPress web design for dummies
Beginning SharePoint 2010 development
Building websites with Mambo : a step by step turorial
Nordsec 2010 : the 15th Nordic Conference on Secure IT Systems, October 27-30, 2010, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland : preproceedings
Museum24 : collaborative writing as a method in local cultural heritage preservation
Microsoft SharePoint server 2010 bible
Drupal platform development - A case study of Co-Creation
The journal Human technology : an ongoing resource for human-technology research
Adobe Illustrator CS3 : project-based training
Migration and enhancement of Plone-based multilingual website to TYPO3 platform
Getting StartED with Google Apps
