http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7674 gastropods
gastropods
Comparative optics of prosobranch eyes
Recent Gastropoda of Oklahoma. Part 2, Distribution, ecology and taxonomy of fresh-water species, with description of Helisoma travertina sp. nov
Quantitative aspects of the land mollusc fauna of deciduous forests in Laitila (Southwestern Finland) and Kiiminki (Northern Ostrobothnia)
A field guide to the land snails of Britain and North-West Europe
Vertinigid land snails from Thailand (Gastropoda, Pulmonata, Pupilloidea )
The conch bearer
Proceedings of the 1st Atlantic Islands Neogene International Congress, 12-14 June 2006, Sao Miguel, Azores, Portugal
FAO species identification sheets for fishery purposes : Southern Ocean : fishing areas 48, 58 and 88 : CCAMLR Conventiona Area. Volume 1
A comparative morphological-biological analysis of the egg capsules of freshwater pulmonate Gastropods : Hygrophila, Basommatophora, Pulmonata
New South American Clausiliidae from the collections of the Florida Museum of Natural History (Gastropoda, Clausiliidae, Neniinae)
New and little known land snails of the family Spiraxidae from Central America and Mexico (Gastropoda, Pulmonata)
Changes in a Land Snail community (Gastropoda) in an open cut forest area
50 ways to kill a slug
Urocoptid landsnails of the genus Holospira from southern Mexico
Sea shore of Britain and Europe
Lakes and snails : environment and Gastropoda in 1500 Norwegian lakes, ponds and rivers
A review of the North American freshwater snail genus Pyrgulopsis (Hydrobiidae)
Taxonomy and phylogeny of the Pyramidellidae (Mollusca, Gastropoda, Heterobranchia)
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 27
The Mitchell Beazley pocket guide to shells of the world
Distribution of fresh water snails, and lake typology on the Åland islands
The big book of bugs
The world of seashells : a fully illustrated guide to these fascinating gifts from the ocean
Ugly bugs
Community Analysis of the Land Snail (Gastropoda) on the island of Ruissalo, SW Finland
A review of the North American freshwater snail genus Fluminicola (Hydrobiidae)
The encyclopedia of shells
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 16, pt. 7-A, West Bengal & Sikkim. Handicrafts survey monograph, 1.
A field guide to shells : Atlantic and gulf coasts and the West Indies
Changes in land snail populations at Kuusisto castle, SW-Finland
The non-marine molluscs of the Maltese Islands
COMPENDIUM OF SEASHELLS
This publication presents guidelines on the requirements for responsible management of the fisheries exploiting Caribbean queen conch (Strombus gigas), with particular emphasis on the requirements to comply with the relevant regulations of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES). The Caribbean queen conch is listed on Appendix II of the CITES, which requires that any specimen of the species can only be exported if a permit has been issued to allow the export. Further, CITES states that export permits should only be issued when the responsible authority has deemed that the export will not be detrimental to the survival of that species. This manual describes the basic fisheries management cycle which includes: development and interpretation of policy; the need for management controls to regulate fishing activities; data collection and analysis; decision-making; enforcement of and compliance with the management controls; and regular feedback and review of the management system. It provides general guidance on each of those steps for the queen conch fisheries of the Caribbean. It also provides three examples of management systems for industrial, artisanal and non-directed fisheries. Part 1 covers the main issues and examples in a relatively non-technical manner and Part 2 explains similar issues in a more technical manner.
Report of the Regional Workshop on the Monitoring and Management of Queen Conch, Strombus gigas, Kingston, Jamaica, 1-5 May 2006.
Records are presented of two land snail species which were not earlier known from Finland. Macrogastra borealis (O. Boettger, 1878) (Clausiliidae) was found already in the year 2006 from a nature reserve in Urjala, southwestern Finland (WGS84 lat: 60.9924 lon: 23.4476), but at first the species was misidentified. Totally 14 specimens were collected. The habitat is old mixed forest on dolomitic bedrock. The nearest records of Macrogastra borealis are from Estonia, 300 km southeast to Urjala. Quickella arenaria (Potiez & Michaud, 1835) (Succineidae) was found in the year 2013 from Oulanka National Park in Kuusamo, northeastern Finland (WGS84 lat: 66.3574 lon: 29.5998). Totally 19 specimens were collected from wet vegetation along a calcareous spring brook. The nearest records of Quickella arenaria have been made in northern Sweden, more than 600 km southwest to Kuusamo. Data about accompanying molluscs are given for both of the two new species. It is suggested that the present remote sites of Macrogastra borealis, Quickella arenaria and some other snail species are perhaps relics from wider ranges in earlier more favourable climatic periods.
Anatomy of Scutus sinensis (Blainville) (Gastropoda: Fissurellidae) from Hong Kong
Agrotis iremeli sp. n. from the southern Ural Mountains, with description of the larval stage (Lepidoptera:  Noctuidae)
Seashores and shallow seas of Britain and Europe
All colour book of seashells
Morskie brûhonogie mollûski Rossii : kratkij illûstrirovannyj katalog rakovin morskih brûhonogih mollûskov Rossii = Gastropod seashells of Russia : brief illustrated catalogue of gastropod seashells of Russia
A key to the British fresh- and brackish-water gastropods with notes on their ecology
The Cerion (Mollusca : Gastropoda: Pulmonata: Cerionidae) taxa of Charles Johnson Maynard and their type specimens
Invading herbivory : effects of the golden apple snail (Pomacea canaliculata) in Asian wetlands
Arion ater (Gastropoda, Pulmonata: Arionidae) found in Åland, SW Finland
Two land snail species new to Finland: Macrogastra borealis (O. Boettger, 1878) and Quickella arenaria (Potiez & Michaud, 1835) (Mollusca: Gastropoda)
Impacts of the non-native crayfish (Pacifastacus leniusculus) on littoral benthic invertebrate communities in Lake Päijänne
Proceedings of the Workshop on Conservation Biology of European Vertigo species, Dublin, April 2002
Colour polymorphism in the two intertidal snails Littorina saxatilis and L. fabalis : patterns and processes
Shells
Bug detective : amazing facts, myths and quirks of nature
The invertebrate fauna of the Kilpisjärvi area, Finnish Lapland: Terrestrial gastropods
Distribution of freshwater snails, and lake typology on the Åland islands
Polymorphism and population structure in the intertidal snail Littorina saxatilis
A review of morphological characters of hydrobioid snails
Snail sampling on a vegetated roof in downtown Helsinki resulted in four snail species of preference for moist habitats: Cochlicopa lubrica, Oxyloma elegans, Pseudotrichia rubiginosa, Succinella oblonga. The latter two are considered rare in Finland. In both species this is the second verified locality from the country. We provide drawings on genital morphology of O. elegans and S. oblonga and briefly discuss the potential of green roofs as habitats for invertebrates.
Compendium of landshells : a color guide to more than 2,000 of the world's terrestrial shells
Evolutionary ecology of the snails Littorina littorea and L. saxatilis : mating behaviour and habitat choice
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 25
Compendium of seashells : A color guide to more than 4200 of the world's marine shells
"Just how slow does a snail go? Are bugs afraid of the dark? Why do ants march in a line? Find out the answers to these and many more bug questions inside. Play search and find in the pictures too. Will you spot all the bugs?... It's packed with facts about how different kinds of bugs eat, hunt and have babies in the wild"-- Back cover.
Sublittoral Notaspidea and Nudibranchia (Opistobranchia) from Hong Kong, with description of a new species
Seashells
Synopsis of biological data on the European abalone (ormer), Haliotis tuberculata Linnaeus, 1758 (Gastropoda: Haliotidae)
Implications of heat waves on immune defence, life history traits, and adaptive potential : a snail's perspective
Hand list of Mollusca in the Indian Museum, Calcutta. Part 1, Gastropoda : Pulmonata and Prosobranchia-Neurobranchia
Monitoring and managing queen conch fisheries : a manual
The freshwater snails (Mollusca: Gastropoda) of New York State
Shells of New Guinea and the central Indo-Pacific
Shell life : an introduction to the British mollusca
Land snails of British Columbia
Systematics of the North and Central American aquatic snail genus Tryonia (Rissooidea: Hydrobiidae)
Your first Giant African landsnail
Green roofs provide habitat for the rare snail (Mollusca, Gastropoda) species Pseudotrichia rubiginosa and Succinella oblonga in Finland
Manual of the New Zealand mollusca : atlas of plates
Landsnails of the genus Humboldtiana from northern Mexico (Gastropoda, Pulmonata, Helicoidea, Humboldtianidae)
The Hamlyn guide to shells of the world
On the land molluscs of the Kevojoki river valley in Finnish Lapland
Norman the slug with a silly shell
Fish facts : an illustrated guide to commercial species
The royal purple and the biblical blue : argaman and tekhelt : the study of Chief Rabbi Dr. Isaac Herzog on the dye industries in ancient Israel and recent scientific contributions
Potential of the slow pyrolysis products birch tar oil, wood vinegar and biochar in sustainable plant protection : pesticidal effects, soil improvement and environmental risks
This study was carried out in South Finland, in Hollola. The sample areas are situated in the middle of an open cut area. I took the samples in 1991 and 2009. Five species disappeared and five new species was observed. The species that increased the most are Discus ruderatus, Vitrina pellucida and Columella edentula. The variation in species of vascular plants has been noticeable. The moisture close to the soil surface is important to land snails, especially the remaining of ferns suffices for land snails.
Keeping creepy crawlies : a practical guide to caring for unusual pets
Snail, where are you?
Distribution of four slug species in NW Spain with respect to soil ecological factors
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 26, Deep water Pyramidelloidea of the Tropical South Pacific : Turbonilla and related genera
The marine molluscs of arctic Canada : prosobranch gastropods, chitons and scaphopods
The complete encyclopedia of shells : informative text with hundreds of photographs
Effects of self- and cross-fertilization on parental fecundity and offspring survival in eight populations of Lymnaea stagnalis
The crown conch (Melongena: Melongenidae) in Florida and Alabama with the description of Melongena sprucecreekensis, n. sp
Sacoglossa (Mollusca: Opisthobranchia) - specialist herbivores and partial predators: integrating ecological, physiological and morphological data
Catalogue of the marine gastropod family Fasciolariidae
Behavioural adaptations and diet specificity of sacoglossan opistobranchs
Freshwater snail assemblages of semi-isolated brackish water bays on the Åland Islands, SW Finland
The distribution of the gastropods Theodoxus fluviatilis (L.) and Potamopyrgus antipodarum (Gray) in lakes on the Åland Islands, southwestern Finland
Consolidated report on the shell-fisheries in the Andamans during the years 1930-35 : with extracts from earlier reports and two plates
Structuring factors for macroinvertebrate communities and the importance for ecosystem processing
Evolution of hermaphroditic mating systems in animals
Tributyltin (TBT) effects on Cominella lineolata (Neogastropoda, Buccinidae) in the Derwent River estuary, Tasmania
