http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p767 waterways
waterways
Soome laht Muugast Kundani = Gulf of Finland : Muuga to Kunda
Soome laht : Tallinnast Helsingini = Gulf of Finland : Tallinn to Helsinki
Läänemeri : Turu-Tallinn-Helsingi = Baltic Sea : Port of Tallinn to port of Turku
The rivermen
Soomelaht : Tallinnast Helsingini = Gulf of Finland : Tallinn to Helsinki
Lakes and reservoirs. Vol. 2, The watershed : water from the mountains into the sea
White water north Alps : 60 classic runs for kayakers and rafters in Switzerland, Austria, Germany and North East Italy
Narrowboat nomads : living the dream on the English waterways
Soome laht : Vormsist Hankoni = Gulf of Finland : Vormsi to Hanko
The military defence at waterways = La défense militaire des voies navigables
Väinameri : Vormsist, Sepamaa laheni = Väinameri (West-Estonian Archipelago) : Island Vormsi to Bay of Sepamaa
Helsingin edusta = Helsingfors inlopp
World cruising routes
The sea and civilization : a maritime history of the world
Canal towns south of the Yangtze
High latitude agriculture is rainfed. Climate change could, however, increase water deficiency and initiate a call for development of irrigation systems as a part of field water management systems. This study aimed to develop a basic understanding about the current state of irrigation potential according to region by monitoring proximity of fields to waterways and characterizing their general conditions. One third of Finnish fields are in direct contact with a shoreline of an inland waterway. This coupled with Finland being water-rich country may improve adaptive capacity to cope with the potentially harmful impacts of climate change in the future. However, there are marked differences between regions in access to water resources. Findings of this survey will serve as background information needed to assess future needs for introduction of irrigation and to evaluate the opportunities to close yield gaps and improve yield stability through irrigation.
Through the French canals
Soome laht : Muugast Kundani = Gulf of Finland : Muuga to Kunda
The maritime and riverine landscape of the west of Roman Britain : water transport on the Atlantic coasts and rivers of Britannia
Cooperation in the law of transboundary water resources
The waterways of Finland
Ninety degrees North : the quest for the North Pole
"Climate change, population growth and the increasing demand for water are all capable of leading to disputes over transboundary water systems. Dealing with these challenges will require the enhancing of adaptive capacity, the improving of the quality of water-resources management and a reduction in the risk of conflict between riparian states. Such changes can only be brought about through significant international cooperation. Christina Leb's analysis of the duty to cooperate and the related rights and obligations highlights the interlinkages between this duty and the principles of equitable and reasonable utilisation and the prevention of transboundary harm. In doing so, she considers the law applicable to both international watercourses and transboundary aquifers, and explores the complementarities and interaction between the rules of international water law and the related obligations of climate change and human rights law"--
Brown's rule of the road manual : the rule of the road at sea
International trade in water rights : the next step
International law of water resources : contribution of the International Law Association (1954-2000)
A history of water. Ser. 2, vol. 3, Water, geopolitics and the new world order
On the waves of Lake Saimaa / Hannu Raittila
The United Nations Convention on the Law of International Watercourses : a framework for sharing
Open a new fairway into Mariehamn
World strategic highways
Preservation of ecosystems of international watercourses and the integration of relevant rules : an interpretative mechanism to address the fragmentation of international law
A history of water. Ser 2, vol. 2, Rivers and society
The legal regime of the Turkish Straits
In the mid-nineteenth century the North Pole was a mystery. Explorers who tried to penetrate the real icy wastes failed or died. But after Sir John Franklin disappeared with all his men in 1845, serious efforts began to be made to find the true Northernmost point of the globe. The new explorers included Elisha Kane, a sickly man and useless commander, who led his team close to death in 1854, and Charles Hall, a printer from Ohio. Hall made the mistake of taking an experienced crew, who refused to commit suicide for him. Their mutiny so enraged Hall that he died of a stroke, and some of his crew escaped south on an ice-floe. They were followed by the Germans, newly united and eager for their place in the ice, the Austro-Hungarians, and the British, who in 1876 managed to get further than any other expedition, travelling over terrain later explorers considered impassable. They left the field to the Norwegians, to expeditions organized by the American tabloid press, Swedish baloonists, aristocratic Italians and finally to the obsessive Robert Peary, who on one trip took his pregnant wife with him in order to set a record for the most northerly birth in history. He finally made it in 1909.
Proximity of waterways to Finnish farmlands and associated characteristics of regional land use
Veneily-CD : Sjökort cd = Nautical chart cd. B, Helsinki-Parainen = Helsingfors-Pargas
Kotka and Hamina : Baltic Sea - Gulf of Finland
World cruising routes : featuring 1000 sailing routes in all oceans of the world
Strategies for monitoring and assessment of transboundary rivers, lakes and groundwaters : Convention on the Protection and Use of Transboundary Watercourses and International Lakes
On the significance of portages : a survey of a new research theme
The old ways : a journey on foot
Routes, roads and landscapes
Liivi laht : Pärnust Ruhnuni = Gulf of Riga : Port of Pärnu to Island Ruhnu
Soome laht : Kundast Narva-Jõesuuni = Gulf of Finland : Kunda to Narva-Jõesuu
Veneily CD : = sjökort CD = nautical chart CD. 50, Lappeenranta-Savonlinna
Cruising guide to Germany and Denmark : passages, harbours and pilotage in the German Bight and the southwest Baltic
The international canal monuments : list
Best Finnish practices on joint construction of infrastructure networks : examples of coordinated construction of transport infrastructure, water supply networks and electricity and telecommunications cables in Finland
Adrift : a secret life of London's waterways
CEVNI : European code for inland waterways : revision 2
Good practices in northern watercourses : community development, river restoration and environmental education
The Erie Canal in the Finger Lakes region : the heart of New York State
Equitable utilization : the law of non-navigational uses of international watercourses
