http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7678 necessity
necessity
Freedom versus necessity in international relations : human-centred approaches to security and development
Laws and symmetry
Divine will and the mechanical philosophy : Gassendi and Descartes on contingency and necessity in the created world
Kripke : names, necessity, and identity
On the interpretation of "De interpretatione" XII-XIII
Nicolai Hartmann's Possibility and Actuality is a landmark work of modal analysis that describes the logical relations between possibility, actuality, and necessity. It deals with such questions as: How do we know that something is really possible? Is the possible only the actual? Is the actual only the possible? What is the difference between ideal and real possibility? Hartmann reviews the history of philosophical concepts of possibility and necessity, from ancient Megarian philosophy to Aristotle, to Medieval Scholasticism, to Leibniz, Kant, and Hegel. This German-to-English translation enables readers to gain new and fresh insight into Hartmann's important contributions to ontology and the metaphysics of modality.
First-order modal logic
Grounding metaphysics : metaphysical necessity and essentialism
The philosophy of time : a collection of essays
Possibility and actuality
Entailment : the logic of relevance and necessity. Vol. 2
Studies in modality and cosmology : plenitude and possibility in the late Ancient and Arabic traditions
Necessity or contingency : the master argument
The end of existence : membership and metaphysics
The philosophy of need
The register variation of need to in spoken British English
Conceivability and possibility
Laws in nature
Free will : an historical and philosophical introduction
Aristotle on meaning and essence
Language and mind
The divine lawmaker : lectures on induction, laws of nature, and the existence of God
Between saying and doing : towards an analytic pragmatism
Modal thinking
Synchronicity : the bridge between matter and mind
Dice of the gods : causality, necessity and chance
Philosophical perspectives. 16, Language and mind
After finitude : an essay on the necessity of contingency
False necessity : anti-necessitarian social theory in the service of radical democracy : from Politics: a work in constructive social theory
Causal necessity : a pragmatic investigation of the necessity of laws
Time & necessity : studies in Aristotle's theory of modality
The Cambridge companion to Duns Scotus
Possibility and necessity. 1, The role of possibility in cognitive development
A combinatorial theory of modality
Problems from Descartes's theory of truth : misrepresentation, modality, and the Cartesian circle
On knowing that one knows : the logic of skepticism and theory
Theory and reality : metaphysics as second science
Necessity, cause and blame : perspectives on Aristotle's theory
Determinism and freedom in stoic philosophy
Beyond coincidence : stories of amazing coincidences and the mystery and mathemathics that lie behind them
The metaphysics of modality
Possibility and necessity. 2, The role of necessity in cognitive development
Hilary Putnam on meaning and necessity
Naming and necessity
Shame and necessity
The Taming of change
Modalities in medieval philosophy
Reasoning, necessity, and logic : developmental perspectives
Logic, truth and the modalities : from a phenomenological perspective
Analytical Thomism : traditions in dialogue
