http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7671 economic law
economic law
Law and economics : an introduction
Encyclopedia of law and economics. Vol. 4, The economics of public and tax law
Encyclopedia of law and economics. Vol. 3, The regulation of contracts
Criminalizing business cartels in Europe : a comparative perspective
Law and economics : a comparative approach to theory and practice
An economic analysis of regulation by conditional permits
European economic law : a comment to Christian Joerges
The law of redundancy
Economic crimes in Finnish case law
Economic law as an economic good : its rule funktion and its tool funktion in the competition of systems
Perspectives in international economic law
Law and economics : an introductory analysis
The law of the economy in the European Communities
Saudi business and labor law : Its interpretation and application
Casebook on industrial law
International business law and its environment
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
Compensation of private losses : the evolution of torts in European business law
Structuring corporate capital gains tax system in the European Union : a comparative Finnish perspective
New directions in international economic law : in memoriam Thomas Wälde
Introduction to the law of the European communities after the coming into force of the Single European Act
Law for business
Transnational legal problems : materials and text
China business law guide
Business law
Arbitration international
Legal framework for doing business in Finland
The legal status of the Lapps in land and water law
Sustainability of interlocked fishing district -management concept for commercial fishing in Finnish lake fishery
Law and development : an Asian bibliography : a bibliography of academic literature on law and development in the Asia-Pacific region
National constitutions and international economic law
Legal framework for doing business in Lithuania
France : Practical commercial law
China and other emerging actors in Africa
International trade law and regulation
The Netherlands : Practical commercial law
Journal of international economic law
Commercial laws of Europe
The principle on employee protection in a merger and a transfer of an undertaking
Intellectual property rights and economic growth
Italy : Practical commercial law
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
"Property" and the making of the international system
Comparative Conference on Planning and Environmental Law : 5th March 1999
The entrepreneurial circumstances for small medium enterprises within Estonia : a legal perspective
Law as an instrument of economic policy : comparative and critical approaches
Greece : Practical commercial law
Accountability in Africa's land rush : what role for legal empowerment?
Business law and the regulation of business
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Business law in Africa : OHADA and the harmonization process
Yearbook of European law
Essays on psychology and morality in economic analysis of law
Nordic Journal of Commercial Law
Progress in transition and reform implementation in Serbia : comparing to other Western Balkan Countries ; with main focus on regulatory reform
Social justice : from Hume to Walzer
International law. Vol. 6, International law AND
Spain : Practical commercial law
Business and its environment
European business law
A new liability regime for the space sector : an economic imperative
Völkerrecht : Recht der internationalen organisationen : Weltwirtschaftsrecht : Festschrift für Ignaz Seidl-Hohenveldern = Law of nations : Law of international organizations : Worldś economic law : Liber amicorum honouring Ignaz Seidl-Hohenveldern
China law deskbook : a legal guide for foreign-invested enterprises. Vol. 2
International economic law in the 21st century : constitutional pluralism and multilevel governance of interdependent public goods
The social system of the modern factory : the strike: a social analysis
The American review of international arbitration
Sovereignty, the WTO and changing fundamentals of international law
Reindeer talk : Sámi reindeer herding and nature management
Economic analysis of law
EC distribution law
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
Regulation : legal form and economic theory
European business law review
Aktual'nye pravovye voprosy rossijsko-finlândskogo èkonomičeskogo sotrudničestva : sbornik materialov = Topical legal issues of the Russian-Finnish economic cooperation : collection of articles
Documents in international economic law
Law and revolution. 2, The impact of the Protestant reformations on the western legal tradition
International business : the new realities
Concentration control in the European Economic Community
Journal of law & economics
Land law : cases and materials
International arbitration law review
Legal framework for doing business in Latvia
Commercial law : text, cases, and materials
Danish business law
Developments of the Estonian intellectual property system to meet the challenges of the knowledge-based economy
The moral ecology of markets : assessing claims about markets and justice
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
Selected anthology of institutional, economic and financial legislation
Encyclopedia of law and economics. Vol. 5, The economics of crime and litigation
The Chinese legal system : globalization and local legal culture
Restoring corporate governance to lawyers : an attempt at corporate normative jurisprudence as an alternative to the reign of law and economics
Estonia's way to market economy : selection of legislation of the Republic of Estonia on business activities
Blackstone's statutes : commercial & consumer law : 2005/2006
Encyclopedia of law and economics. Vol. 2, Civil law and economics
Germany : Practical commercial law
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
Directory of European databases and databanks
Cases and materials on the law of oil and gas
Regulatory competition and economic integration : comparative perspectives
Whose land is Lapland? : the nellim case : a study of the divergent claims of forestry, reindeer herding and indigenous rights in Northern Finland
Berkeley journal of international law
No citizens here : global subjects and participation in international law
An introduction to Finnish business law l-ll
Encyclopedia of law and economics. Vol. 1, The history and methodology of law and economics
Economic justice and natural law
Legal framework for doing business in Estonia
Good governance in land tenure and administration
International law. Vol. 4, International law in and of peace
Finland : Act on restrictions on competition (480/92)
Making transnational law work in the global economy : essays in honour of Detlev Vagts
Contract law and contract practice : bridging the gap between legal reasoning and commercial expectation
Economic and social law of the European Union
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
Belgium and Luxembourg : Practical commercial law
