http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7672 awareness
awareness consciousness (mental properties)
The transcendence of the world : phenomenological studies
The subject of consciousness
Individual differences in conscious experience
False consciousness : an essay on reification
Remember who you are : remember 'where' you are and where you 'come' from : remember
Sane new world : taming the mind
The guardian angel's journal
Human consciousness
Prospects for renewable energy education (REE) in elevating youth energy and environmental awareness in Jordan
Multilevel consciousness in meditation, hypnosis, and directed daydreaming
Our place, my future and their project : reflecting children's lifeworld in education for sustainable development
Unthink
The rough guide to mindfulness
Consciousness lost and found : a neuropscychological exploration
Consciousness and moral responsibility
Cognition, brain, and consciousness : introduction to cognitive neuroscience
Sane new world : how to tame the mind
Making social worlds : a communication perspective
Consciousness, color, and content
An introductory guide to the sacred sexuality practices of modern schools of Tantra, and how you can use them to find meaning and healing in physical relationships.
The unconscious : a conceptual analysis
Dependable cognitive wireless networking:modelling and design
Night train to Lisbon
Phi : a voyage from the brain to the soul
The good life with Jesse Dylan : redefining health with the greatest visionaries of our time
Meri Valvoo & Pallomeri : ethico-aesthetic interventions in public space
Mind, space, and time stream : understanding and navigating your states of consciousness
Cross-national differences in the environmental consciousness
You are the universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Living with the enemy : coping with the stress of chronic illness using CBT, mindfulness and acceptance
Sisyphus's boulder : consciousness and the limits of the knowable
Whispering winds of change : perceptions of a new world
Mindfulness for beginners : reclaiming the present moment - and your life
Mindfulness for dummies
Cosmologies of consciousness : science and literary myth in an exploration of the beginnings and development of mind
Early prediction of reading : phonological awareness and related language and cognitive skills in children with a familial risk for dyslexia
BalticSeaNow.info : experiences in public involvement
New ecological energy solutions and its business opportunities for the Finnish boat industry
Eating mindfully : how to end mindless eating and enjoy a balanced relationship with food
Leaves of Morya's Garden. Book One : The Call 1924
Consciousness : psychological and philosophical essays
The 50th law
Historical consciousness or the remembered past
Affect imagery consciousness : the complete edition
The character of consciousness
The physical nature of consciousness
A user's guide to thought and meaning
The role of early visual cortex (V1/V2) and feedback from V5/MT in concious and unconcious perception of visual motion : a transcranial magnetic stimulation study
Countdown to coherence : a spiritual journey toward a scientific theory of everything
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of mindfulness
Public knowledge, perception and factors associated with 2009 h1n1 swine influenza vaccination : a literature review
How to become conscious singer
The experience of flotation-REST (restricted environmental stimulation technique) : consciousness, creativity, subjective stress and pain
The more beautiful world our hearts know is possible
Intentionality and cognitivism
Managerial challenges in environmental innovation : case studies in the electrical equipment and automotive sectors
This is the fully revised and updated second edition of the very successful introductory textbook on cognitive neuroscience. Written by two leading experts in the field, this textbook book takes a unique thematic approach to introduce concepts of cognitive neurosciences, guiding students along a clear path to understand the latest findings whether or not they have a background in neuroscience. New to this edition are Frontiers in Cognitive Neuroscience text boxes; each one focuses on a leading researcher and their topic of expertise. There is a new chapter on Genes and Molecules of Cognition, and all other chapters have been thoroughly revised, based on the most recent discoveries. This title is the new edition of a very successful textbook. It is completely revised to reflect new advances, and feedback from adopters and students. It includes a new chapter on Genes and Molecules of Cognition. For teachers: Rapid adoption and course preparation - a wide array of instructor support materials are available online including PowerPoint lecture slides, a test bank with answers, and eFlashcords on key concepts for each chapter. It is a textbook with an easy-to-understand thematic approach: in a way that is clear for students from a variety of academic backgrounds, the text introduces concepts such as working memory, selective attention, and social cognition. It includes a step-by-step guide for introducing students to brain anatomy: color graphics have been carefully selected to illustrate all points and the research explained. Beautifully clear artist's drawings are used to 'build a brain' from top to bottom, simplifying the layout of the brain. For students: This is an easy-to-read, complete introduction to mind-brain science: all chapters begin from mind-brain functions and build a coherent picture of their brain basis. A single, widely accepted functional framework is used to capture the major phenomena.
"This book proposes a new perspective: that our current theories of the physical world don't work, and can never be made to work, until they account for life and consciousness.  This book proposes that, rather than a belated and minor outcome after billions of years of lifeless physical processes, life and consciousness are absolutely fundamental to our understanding of the universe."--Introd.
Managing human resources for environmental sustainability
The scope and limits of implicit visual change detection
Sex, ecology, spirituality : the spirit of evolution
Children's oral health promotion programme in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
The aquarian conspiracy : personal and social transformation in the 1980s
Avicenna on subjectivity : a philosophical study
Popular(ized) environmental rhetoric : a toulminian approach
Other minds
Urban mindfulness : cultivating peace, presence & purpose in the middle of it all
The surrender experiment : my journey into life's perfection
Everyday blessings : mindfulness for parents
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
The power of awareness
Towards Baltic Sea Citizenship : experiences in public involment
Monopsychism, mysticism, metaconsciousness : problems of the soul in the neoaristotelian and neoplatonic tradition
Kundalini yoga : techniques for developing strength, awareness, and character
Mindfulness for life
The mindfulness journal : exercises to help you find peace and calm wherever you are
The concept of mind
Daily meditations for calming your angry mind : mindfulness practices to free yourself from anger
Teaching mindfulness : a practical guide for clinicians and educators
Brainstorms : philosophical essays on mind and psychology
The environment in contexts : environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
Fragments of reality : daily entries of lived life
The environment in contexts:environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
No stress today with PSYCH-K : how to transform stress into vitality, peace and a stress-free fulfilling life
The chemistry of conscious states : how the brain changes its mind
Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign: : Fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change.
The character of mind
The decision book : fifty models for strategic thinking
Study for the Iceni Project: can staff enable change with their interventions?  : Service users’ and staff’s points of view
Rewilding music : improvisation, wilderness, and the global musician
Nigeria`s WEEE market : business opportunity for Finnish SMEs
The phenomenology of mind
The origin of human nature : a Zen Buddhist looks at evolution
The unity of consciousness
The man who tasted shapes
Facing reality : philosophical adventures by a brain scientist
Strengths and challenges in the Finnish waste electrical and electronic equipment recovery system:consumers’ perceptions and participation
Exploring the world lucid dreaming
English abstract.
Philosophy of mind : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 4, Consciousness
The baby in the mirror : a child's world from birth to three
Mindfulness pocketbook : little exercises for a calmer life
The Finns and sustainable development : how do we measure opinions about sustainable development?
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
A 4-session student given acceptance and commitment therapy for depression : efficacy and therapeutic processes
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions: What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives.
The earliest electrophysiologal correlates of visual awareness
Altered states of consciousness : a book of readings
Waking up : a guide to spirituality without religion
You are the Universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Consciousness has long been a subject of interest in philosophy and religion but only relatively recently has it become subject to scientific investigation. Now, more than ever before, we are beginning to understand this mental state. Developmental psychologists understand when we first develop a sense of self; neuropsychologists see which parts of the brain activate when we think about ourselves and which parts of the brain control that awareness.Cognitive scientists have mapped the circuitry that allows machines to have some form of self awareness, and neuroscientists investigate similar circuitry in the human brain. Research that once was separate inquiries in discreet disciplines is converging. List serves and small conferences focused on consciousness are proliferating. New journals have emerged in this field. A huge number of monographs and edited treatises have recently been published on consciousness, but there is no recognized entry point to the field, no comprehensive summary.This encyclopedia is that reference. Organized alphabetically by topic, coverage encompasses a summary of major research and scientific thought regarding the nature of consciousness, the neural circuitry involved, how the brain, body, and world interact, and our understanding of subjective states. The work includes contributions covering neuroscience, psychology, philosophy, and artificial intelligence to provide a comprehensive backdrop to recent and ongoing investigations into the nature of conscious experience from a philosophical, psychological, and biological perspective.
Learning discriminative models from structured multi-sensor data for human context recognition
Is quantum theory relevant to the study of consciousness?
The brain is wider than the sky : why simple solutions don't work in a complex world
The world in my mind, my mind in the world
Shakti mantras : Tapping into the Great Goddess Energy Within
Music and consciousness : philosophical, psychological, and cultural perspectives
Biocentrism : how life and consciousness are the keys to understanding the true nature of the universe
Consciousness : an introduction
Cognition and emotion. Vol. 7, issues 3&4, May/July, special issue, Appraisal and beyond : the issue of cognitive determinants of emotion
Sustainability in libraries : A comparative study of ecological sustainability in IFLA WLIC 2012
The conceptual representation of consciousness
Hardwiring happiness : the new brain science of contentment, calm, and confidence
Locating consciousness
Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign : fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change
Regional imbalances and working-class consciousness
Self comes to mind : constructing the conscious brain
Tantra : how our relationships can become a path for spiritual growth
Practical mindfulness
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
Harmony
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy for dummies
States of consciousness
The celestine vision : living the new spiritual awareness
The soul of leadership : unlocking your potential for greatness
The unity of consciousness : binding, integration, and dissociation
Performance Psychology : Perception, Action, Cognition, and Emotion
Beyond dissociation : interaction between dissociated implicit and explicit processing
”A more sustainable world for all.” Ethics in the claimed environmentalism of business actors
The mind club : who thinks, what feels, and why it matters
Impulse : why we do what we do without knowing why we do it
Microgenetic approach to the conscious mind
Taming the drunken monkey : the path to mindfulness, meditation, and increased concentration
Hardwiring happiness : how to reshape your brain and your life
Ethnic and racial consciousness
Super consciousness : the quest for the peak experience
Power vs. force : the hidden determinants of human behavior
Cultures of solidarity : consciousness, action, and contemporary American workers
Awareness of dying
Catching the big fish : meditation, consciousness, and creativity
This paper provides an overview of the GraphoGame method. Both theoretical and methodological aspects related to the method are presented. The method's guiding principles are based on the prevailing theories and experimental research findings on learning and teaching basic reading skills in alphabetic languages, especially from the point of view of a struggling reader. Because the nature of the target language and its relation to its writing system play central roles in the GraphoGame method, this approach requires the method to be flexible in order to be valid for learners of different languages and orthographies. Thus, the aim of the developed technology is to provide an appropriate reading support tool for all learners—from struggling learners to typical learners—in any language environment. We present an overview of results gained from GraphoGame intervention studies as well as challenges for the usability of the method.
What is consciousness? How does the subjective character of consciousness fit into an objective world? How can there be a science of consciousness? In this sequel to his groundbreaking and controversial The Conscious Mind, David Chalmers develops a unified framework that addresses these questions and many others. Starting with a statement of the "hard problem" of consciousness, Chalmers builds a positive framework for the science of consciousness and a nonreductive vision of the metaphysics of consciousness. He replies to many critics of The Conscious Mind, and then develops a positive theory in new directions. The book includes original accounts of how we think and know about consciousness, of the unity of consciousness, and of how consciousness relates to the external world. Along the way, Chalmers develops many provocative ideas: the "consciousness meter", the Garden of Eden as a model of perceptual experience, and The Matrix as a guide to the deepest philosophical problems about consciousness and the external world. This book will be required reading for anyone interested in the problems of mind, brain, consciousness, and reality.
The field : the quest for the secret force of the universe
Mental representation and consciousness : towards a phenomenological theory of representation and reference
Mind and cognition : a reader
Exploring the world of lucid dreaming
Alkuajatus = the original thought : the little manual of life
In a time of social and ecological crisis, what can we as individuals do to make the world a better place? This inspirational and thought-provoking book serves as an empowering antidote to the cynicism, frustration, paralysis, and overwhelm so many of us are feeling, replacing it with a grounding reminder of what's true: we are all connected, and our small, personal choices bear unsuspected transformational power. By fully embracing and practicing this principle of interconnectedness--called interbeing--we become more effective agents of change and have a stronger positive influence on the world. Throughout the book, Eisenstein relates real-life stories showing how small, individual acts of courage, kindness, and self-trust can change our culture's guiding narrative of separation, which, he shows, has generated the present planetary crisis.. He brings to conscious awareness a deep wisdom we all innately know: until we get our selves in order, any action we take--no matter how good our intentions--will ultimately be wrongheaded and wronghearted. Above all, Eisenstein invites us to embrace a radically different understanding of cause and effect, sounding a clarion call to surrender our old worldview of separation, so that we can finally create the more beautiful world our hearts know is possible.
Measuring the perceived destination image of Vietnam in Finland
Southern historiography in modern history : figural and philosophical aspects of historical discourse in Virginia and South Carolina, 1800-1844
Through our eyes only? : the search for animal consciousness
"In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions : What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives."
Conversations on consciousness : what the best minds think about the brain, free will and what it means to be human
How the self controls its brain
Damasio's error and Descartes' truth : an inquiry into consiousness, epistemology, and metaphysics
The secrets of life
Sustainability in libraries : a comparative study of ecological sustainability in IFLA WLIC 2012
The psychology of consciousness
Exploring consciousness
Encyclopedia of consciousness
The pocket Thich Nhat Hanh
This book examines seven different answers to the question, "What are we talking about when we talk about the mind?" It begins by considering the dualistic view, frequently taken for granted by students, that words like "belief," "anger," and "jealousy" refer to a realm quite distinct from the physical world, and notes the difficulties associated with this view as well as why many find it compelling. The book then describes six further major views of mind alternative to dualism that have been developed by psychologists, philosophers, and neuroscientists: Some claim that such words are just about behavior. Some claim that such words are theoretical constructs, like "quarks" in physics. Some identify the mind with the brain. Or with a kind of program in the brain, like the software in a computer. Some think there is nothing to which such words refer. Some think mental talk reflects nothing but convention.
The analysis of mind
Coming to our senses : healing ourselves and the world through mindfulness
The dream poet
Sensory and noetic consciousness
The caldron of consciousness : motivation, affect and self-organization - an anthology
Philosophy of psychology
Moral qualities of space, historical consciousness and symbolic boundaries in the Beyoğlu District of Istanbul
Fires of consciousness : the Tao of onliness I Ching
A mindfulness guide for the frazzled
Mind the gap : miksi fysikalismi ei selitä tietoisuutta
Exploring the use of rule-based reasoning in ubiquitous computing applications
Zen heart : simple advice for living with mindfulness and compassion
Zen and the art of consciousness
Reinventing the body, resurrecting the soul : how to create a new self
Evolution and consciousness : human systems in transition
The conscious mind
Mapping the mind
#What Is A Near Death Experience?
Unbelievable : why we believe and why we don't
Matters of mind : consciousness, reason and nature
Abstract: Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign : fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change. This paper is a research performed for finding solutions to increase the amount of waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea. The paper presents the main characteristics that differentiate social marketing from the traditional business marketing most important being the attributes of the product and its cost. They are presented the among the relevant theories for understanding what social marketing is. The implementation of the theory is supported by reviewing relevant literature and demonstrating case studies. Social marketing is more than advertising. As in business marketing, the best result requires the consistent use of the whole marketing mix. The process starts by indicating the target audience and the barriers they face for performing the desired behaviour. The benefits of the behaviour have to be highlighted in contrast to costs. The message has to be developed to be personal, easy to understand and remember and it has to clearly state what is expected from the audience. Among various tools, the most powerful tool in increasing the motivation of the people was noticed to be to generate involvement and empowering the people in the target audience. The paper works as an overview of the problems and solutions. Lack of deep primary and secondary research prevented the development of a proper and extensive marketing plan.
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
GraphoGame Method: The Theoretical and Methodological Background of the Technology-Enhanced Learning Environment for Learning to Read
The man who wasn't there : investigations into the strange new science of the self
The map of heaven : how science, religion, and ordinary people are proving the afterlife
The happiness trap : based on ACT : revolutionary mindfulness-based programme for overcoming stress, anxiety and depression
Complexes and consciousness
Mindfulness on the go : peace in your pocket
The nature of mental things
Dependable cognitive wireless networking : modelling and design
Consecrated venom : the serpent and the tree of knowledge
The impersonal life
Seven views of mind
The future of humanity : conversations with Dr. David Bohm
Seeing red : a study in consciousness
The occurrence of voices in third graders' beliefs about the ease and difficulty of foreign languages
Young Adults’ Environmental Knowledge, Attitudes and Travelling Behavior
Assessment of 3,5-year old's emerging phonological awareness in a computer-animation context
Alterations in the states and contents of consciousness : empirical and theoretical aspects
FlashForward
The untethered soul : the journey beyond yourself
Why people don't heal and how they can
The holographic canvas : the fusing of mind and matter
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future : history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
A phonological and tonal analysis of Samue using optimality theory
Anxious : the modern mind in the age of anxiety
The origins and history of consciousness
Effect of awareness on learning in biconditional discrimination conditioning
The ascension mysteries : revealing the cosmic battle between good and evil
Maya : the world as virtual reality
