http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7689 RNA
RNA
RNA methodologies : a laboratory guide for isolation and characterization
Life itself : exploring the realm of the living cell
This book covers structure, function, and important roles of the SH domains, structure-function relationships, the versatile nature of their action, mechanisms of aggregation, specificity of interactions, impact of mutations on protein functional dysregulation, and cell signaling. Their involvement in various cellular processes such as migration, invasiveness, actin reorganization, shaping spines, determination of the morphology assembly of fibrils, and mechanotransduction makes these molecules attractive drug targets. Substrates, inhibitors and activators of PTKs present a wide variety of therapeutic agents in the context of delivering treatments for numerous pathologies. The new emerging field of stem cell therapies and design of biomaterials for treatments relies on the directed regulation of stem cell growth, differentiation and morphology, as well as the production of biomimetic scaffolds that respond to programmed signals. Advances in deciphering the mechanisms of action of these important molecules will lead to the implementation and success of their vital applications.
Unveiling distribution patterns of freshwater phytoplankton by a next generation sequencing based approach
MicroRNAs : From Basic Science to Disease Biology
The world of the cell
Annotation of Gyrodactylus salaris transcriptome
RNA technologies in cardiovascular medicine and research
The p97 ATPase and the Drosophila Proteasome : protein unfolding and regulation
RNA interference, editing, and modification : methods and protocols
Gene silencing by RNA interference : : technology and application
"The diversity of RNAs inside living cells is amazing. We have known of the more "classic" RNA species: mRNA, tRNA, rRNA, snRNA and snoRNA for some time now, but in a steady stream new types of molecules are being described as it is becoming clear that most of the genomic information of cells ends up in RNA. To deal with the enormous load of resulting RNA processing and degradation reactions, cells need adequate and efficient molecular machines. The RNA exosome is arising as a major facilitator to this effect. Structural and functional data gathered over the last decade have illustrated the biochemical importance of this multimeric complex and its many co-factors, revealing its enormous regulatory power. By gathering some of the most prominent researchers in the exosome field, it is the aim of the book to introduce this fascinating protein complex and to give a timely and rich account of its many functions"--Provided by publisher.
Heterologous expression of the Nlb gene sequence of PVY in Escherichia coli and in vivo studies on the Nlb gene expression in PVY infected tobacco
siRNA and miRNA gene silencing : from bench to bedside
The significance of hydrogen bonding interactions in the cleavage of RNA
Analysis of RNA helicase A as a coregulator of STAT6-mediated transcription
Antisense nucleic acids and proteins : fundamentals and applications
Biophysical, chemical, and functional probes of RNA structure, interactions and folding. Part B
RNA-Ligand interactions. Part B, Molecular biology methods
Regulation of immediate early and delayed early RNA synthesis in bacteriophage T4-infected Escherichia coli cells
Bioinformatics analysis of HPV associated host microRNA functions and identification of viral microRNA
Development of oligonucleotide based artificial ribonucleases : 2'-O-MeOBAN's and PNAzymes
Tuning ribosomal elongation cycle by mutagenesis of 23S rRNA
Biophysical, chemical, and functional probes of RNA structure, interactions and folding. Part A
Role of <em>Fto</em> in the gene and microRNA expression of mouse adipose tissues in response to high-fat diet
Molecular biology of the gene
Studies on natural antisense RNAs and microRNAs
Analysis of neuronal transcripts of PGC-1α transgenic mice
Synthesis of short oligonucleotides in a soluble support by the phosphoramidite method
The microRNAs in the blood vessel endothelial cells
Systems biology : applications and perspectives
Regulation of the expression of mouse ribonucleotide reductase small subunit at the levels of transcription and protein degradation
The present work offers a snapshot of the state-of-the-art of crystallographic, analytical, and computational methods used in modern drug design and development. Topics discussed include: drug design against complex systems (membrane proteins, cell surface receptors, epigenetic targets, and ribosomes); modulation of protein-protein interactions; the impact of small molecule structures in drug discovery and the application of concepts such as molecular geometry, conformation, and flexibility to drug design; methodologies for understanding and characterizing protein states and protein-ligand interactions during the drug design process; and monoclonal antibody therapies. These methods are illustrated through their application to problems of medical and biological significance, such as viral and bacterial infections, diabetes, autoimmune disease, and CNS diseases. As approaches to drug discovery have changed over time, so have the methodologies used to solve the varied, new, and difficult problems encountered in drug discovery. In recent years we have seen great progress in the fields of genetics, biology, chemistry, and medicine, but there are still many unmet medical needs, from bacterial infections to cancer to chronic maladies, that require novel, different, or better therapies. This work will be of interest to researchers and policy makers interested in the latest developments in drug design.
NF1 tumor suppressor in skin:expression in response to tissue trauma and in cellular differentiation
Targeting nucleic acids in bacteria with synthetic ligands
Kinetics of Enzyme-Modifier Interactions : Selected Topics in the Theory and Diagnosis of Inhibition and Activation Mechanisms
Transfer RNA biogenesis in Saccharomyces cerevisiae
The function and regulation of the U11-48K protein in U12-dependent splicing
Molecular dissection of pathways regulating glucose and lipid metabolism using siRNA
Molecular genetics of cutaneous malignant melanoma
Biological processes are driven by complex systems of functionally interacting signaling molecules. Thus, understanding signaling molecules is essential to explain normal or pathological biological phenomena. A large body of clinical and experimental data has been accumulated over these years, albeit in fragmented state. Hence, systems biological approaches concomitant with the understanding of each molecule are ideal to delineate signaling networks/pathways involved in the biologically important processes. The control of these signaling pathways will enrich our healthier life. Currently, there are more than 30,000 genes in human genome. However, not all the proteins encoded by these genes work equally in order to maintain homeostasis. Understanding the important signaling molecules as completely as possible will significantly improve our research-based teaching and scientific capabilities. This encyclopedia presents 350 biologically important signaling molecules and the content is built on the core concepts of their functions along with early findings written by some of the world’s foremost experts. The molecules are described by recognized leaders in each molecule. The interactions of these single molecules in signal transduction networks will also be explored. This encyclopedia marks a new era in overview of current cellular signaling molecules for the specialist and the interested non-specialist alike During past years, there were multiple databases to gather this information briefly and very partially. Amidst the excitement of these findings, one of the great scientific tasks of the coming century is to bring all the useful information into a place. Such an approach is arduous but at the end will infuse the lacunas and considerably be a streamline in the understanding of vibrant signaling networks. Based on this easy-approach, we can build up more complicated biological systems.
RNA interference : methods for plants and animals
RNA interference : challenges and therapeutic opportunities
RNA-Ligand interactions. Part A, Structural biology methods
Functional and diagnostic aspects on adrenocortical adenoma
RNA interference (RNAi) : nuts & bolts of RNAi technology
Kinesins and Cancer
Animal Lectins: Form, Function and Clinical Applications
Genome evolution in prokaryotes and eukaryotes
Airway inflammatory markers in asthma and rhinitis : microRNA, nasal nitric oxide and proteome analysis
Identifying virus-host interactions critical for alphavirus-mediated oncolysis
RNA interference in practice : principles, basics and methods for gene silencing in C.elegans, drosophilia and mammals
RNA processing. Volume 1, A practical approach
Repeated nucleotide sequences in polytene chromosomes : molecular hybridization studies of RNA and DNA in salivary glands of Chironomus tentans
The book focuses on the aqueous interface of biomolecules, a vital yet overlooked area of biophysical research. Most biological phenomena cannot be fully understood at the molecular level without considering interfacial behavior. The author presents conceptual advances in molecular biophysics that herald the advent of a new discipline, epistructural biology, centered on the interactions of water and biomolecular structures across the interface. The author introduces powerful theoretical and computational resources in order to address fundamental topics such as protein folding, the physico-chemical basis of enzyme catalysis and protein associations. On the basis of this information, a multi-disciplinary approach is used to engineer therapeutic drugs and to allow substantive advances in targeted molecular medicine. This book will be of interest to scientists, students and practitioners in the fields of chemistry, biophysics and biomedical engineering.
Antisense technology. Part A, General methods, methods of delivery, and RNA studies
Transgene verification and technical improvement in the establisment of transgenic miR-32 mouse line
Studies on RNA from liver and mammary gland tissues : extraction, fractionation, RNA metabolism and RNA-membrane interactions
Taxonomy of prokaryotes
Immunopathogenesis of asthma and atopic diseases : the specific role of a selected panel of genes in human T helper cell differentiation
The evolution of ribonucleotide reductases
Guidelines for molecular analysis in archive tissues
Handbook of RNA Biochemistry / vol. 1-2
The effects of miRNAs to the regulation of triple negative breast cancer
Transcription and splicing
Differential gene expression in prostate cancer:identification of genes expressed in prostate cancer, androgen-dependent and androgen-independent LNCaP cell lines, and characterization of TMPRSS2 expression
Supression of Pim expression by RNAi
New roads to genomic imbalance : microRNA and protein phosphatase-mediated regulation of mitosis
MicroRNAs and other non-coding RNAs in inflammation
Biomolecular Interfaces : Interactions, Functions and Drug Design
Nucleolar RNAs and proteins in leukemia and zebrafish development
RNA turnover in eukaryotes : analysis of specialized and quality control RNA decay pathways
This book describes the feasibility of using molecular dynamics as a screening technique to identify the stability of HydA1 and PetF interactions. Structure-based computational approaches are necessary to recognize and characterize protein-protein complexes and their functions. It introduces the idea that for specific proteins, homology modeling is the most effective technique and that docking algorithms are an increasingly powerful tool for providing a detailed explanation of such interactions. This book is a useful source of information on biomass-based biofuels for researchers in the field of bio-hydrogen and bioinformatics techniques. Biofuel and bioenergy produced from unicellular microalgae Chlamydomonas reinhardtii is a clean energy source, and providing information about functional optimization in HydA1 and PetF interactions will help researchers to adopt swift screening methods to identify key protein complexes and their functions. The book also provides an introduction to hydrogenases and associated Chlamydomonas reinhardtii, which is a useful model microorganism for research on biofuel production. The book focuses on the in silico methods such as phylogenetic studies, homology modeling, molecular docking, electrostatic studies and conformational analysis, which have the potential to become the most cost-effective methods for bio-fuel production. This book provides a valuable resource to senior undergraduate and graduate students, researchers, professionals and other interested individuals or groups working in the area of bioenergy with special reference to microalgal biofuel.
Bioorganic chemistry : nucleic acids
RNA : life's indispensable molecule
Argonaute proteins : methods and protocols
RNAi and plant gene function analysis : methods and protocols
Mechanistic characterization of post-transcriptional gene silencing
Characterization of RNA polymerase II subunit Rpb7 in silencing and transcription
Application of RNAi to silence tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase: unexpected effects on the monocyte-macrophage lineage
MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are RNA molecules, conserved by evolution, that regulate gene expressions and their discovery has revolutionised both basic biomedical research and drug discovery. Expression levels of miRNAs have been found to vary between tissues and with developmental stages and hence evaluation of the global expression of miRNAs potentially provides opportunities to identify regulatory points for many different biological processes. This wide-ranging reference work, written by leading experts from both academia and industry, will be an invaluable resource for all those wishing to use miRNA techniques in their own research, from graduate students, post-docs and researchers in academia to those working in R&D in biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies who need to understand this emerging technology. From the discovery of miRNAs and their functions to their detection and role in disease biology, this volume uniquely integrates the basic science with industry application towards drug validation, diagnostic and therapeutic development.
De novo transctiptome assembly and annotation of the isopod Idotea balthica
Plants have evolved with a complex array of signaling molecules to facilitate their growth and development and their interactions with the environment.  A vast number of different peptide molecules form an important but until recently often overlooked component amongst these signaling molecules.  Plant peptide signals are involved in regulating meristem growth and organogenesis, modulating plant growth and homeostatic responses.  They also have important roles as signals of imminent danger or pathogen attack.  This volume focuses on the roles of various peptide signaling molecules in development, defence and homeostasis.  As it is likely that further plant peptide signaling molecules remain to be discovered, the last section takes a practical look at methods to identify new peptides and characterise their functions.
RNA worlds : from life's origins to diversity in gene regulation
Advances in genetics : incorporating molecular genetic medicine
The book serves as a comprehensive resource for scientists and clinicians studying the role of non-coding RNAs in inflammation (viral infections, wound inflammation), human inflammatory diseases (i.e. rheumatoid arthritis, Crohnℓ́ℓs disease, diabetes), and innate immunity. It provides a universal reference work comprising both basic and specialized information. Given that ncRNAs represent new therapeutic targets, this volume will also be of interest to industrial biomedical researchers and those involved in drug development.
The role of amine phosphate interactions in the cleavage and isomerisation of RNA phosphodiester linkages
Gene product targeting into and membrane trafficking from the endoplasmic/sarcoplasmic reticulum in skeletal myofibers
Regulation of the synthesis of ribosomal and transfer RNA in Chang's liver cells
Encyclopedia of Signaling Molecules
Metal-ion-binding oligonucleotides : high-affinity probes for nucleic acid sequences
RNAi
Life's greatest secret : the race to crack the genetic code
RNA processing. Pt. B, Specific methods
Macromolecular Crystallography : Deciphering the Structure, Function and Dynamics of Biological Molecules
To divide or not to divide : microRNAs and small compounds as modulators of mitosis
In the past few decades there has been incredible growth in ""bionano""--Related research, which has been accompanied by numerous publications in this field. Although various compilations address topics related to deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) and protein, there are few books that focus on determining the structure of ribonucleic acid (RNA) and using RNA as building blocks to construct nanoarchitectures for biomedical and healthcare applications. RNA Nanotechnology is a comprehensive volume that details both the traditional approaches and the latest developments i.
DNA polymerase Epsilon and TopBP1 : unexpected links between DNA replication, stress response and RNA metabolism
Vascular endothelial growth factor D : biology and function in transgenic and knockdown mice
RNA polymerases and associated factors. Part D
Role and Function of c-Jun Protein Complex in Cancer Cell Behavior
Transcription regulation in prokaryotes
MicroRNAs as novel regulators of skeletal homeostasis
Natural and artificial antisense RNA : a study of inhibition of gene expression
Molecular biology of RNA : new perspectives
The kinetic mechanisms by which enzymes interact with inhibitors and activators, collectively called modifiers, are scrutinized and ranked taxonomically into autonomous species in a way similar to that used in the biological classification of plants and animals. The systematization of the mechanisms is based on two fundamental characters: the allosteric linkage between substrate and modifier and the factor by which a modifier affects the catalytic constant of the enzyme. Combinations of the physically significant states of these two characters in an ancestor-descendant-like fashion reveal the existence of seventeen modes of interaction that cover the needs of total, partial and fine-tuning modulation of enzyme activity. These interactions comprise five linear and five hyperbolic inhibition mechanisms, five nonessential activation mechanisms and two hybrid species that manifest either hyperbolic inhibition or nonessential activation characteristics depending on substrate concentration. Five essential activation mechanisms, which are taxonomically independent of the mentioned basic species, complete the inventory of enzyme modifiers. Often masked under conventional umbrella terms or treated as anomalous cases, all seventeen basic inhibition and nonessential activation mechanisms are represented in the biochemical and pharmacological literature of this and the past century, either in the form of rapid or slow-onset reversible interactions, or as irreversible modification processes. The full potential of enzyme inhibitors and activators can only be appreciated after elucidating the details of their kinetic mechanisms of action exploring the entire range of physiologically significant reactant concentrations. This book highlights the wide spectrum of allosteric enzyme modification in physiological occurrences as well as in pharmacological and biotechnological applications that embrace simple and multiple enzyme-modifier interactions. The reader is guided in the journey through this still partly uncharted territory with the aid of mechanistically-oriented criteria aimed at showing the logical way towards the identification of a particular mechanism.
Structure-function relationships in the nucleocapsid of the double-stranded RNA bacteriophage ø6
Design of a non-viral system for mRNA delivery based on cross-linked low-molecular weight polyethylenimine
Macromolecular synthesis and growth
Principles of nucleic acid structure
This book provides a timely review of the role of histone modifications in epigenetic control of gene expression. Topics covered include: basic mechanisms of molecular recognition of histone post-translational modification (PTMs); combinatorial readout of histone PTMs by tandem epigenome reader domains; genome-wide profiling of histone PTM interactions; small molecule modulation of histone PTM interactions and their potential as a new approach to therapeutic intervention in human diseases. All chapters were written by leading scientists who made the original key discoveries of the structure and mechanism of evolutionarily conserved reader domains, which serve to direct gene transcription in chromatin through interactions with DNA-packing histones in a PTM-sensitive manner.
RNA editing
RNA processing. Volume 2, A practical approach
Degradation of ribonucleic acid by fungus extracts
This interdisciplinary volume collates research work on kinesins and cancer. Authors attempt to validate members of the kinesin superfamily as potential targets for drug development in cancer chemotherapy. The work begins by highlighting the importance of kinesins, summarising current knowledge and how they are shown to be crucial for mitosis. Chapters go on to explore how this family of proteins are emerging as a novel target for chemotherapeutic intervention and drug development. Readers will learn how kinesins travel along microtubules to fulfill their many roles in intracellular transport or cell division. Several compounds that inhibit two mitotic kinesins (called Eg5 and CENP-E) have entered Phase I and II clinical trials and are explored in these chapters. Additional mitotic kinesins are currently being validated as drug targets, raising the possibility that the repertoire of kinesin-based drug targets may expand in the future. The book is suitable as a reference standard for the field of kinesins and cancer. It will interest those in academia and pharmaceutical companies, and anyone with an interest in the medical relevance of these proteins, which cutting edge methodologies are now enabling us to understand in astonishing detail.
NF1 tumor suppressor in skin : expression in response to tissue trauma and in cellular differentiation
Sequencing projects have revealed the presence of at least several hundred receptor kinases in a typical plant genome.  Receptor kinases are therefore the largest family of primary signal transducers in plants, and their abundance suggests an immense signaling network that we have only just begun to uncover.  Recent research findings indicate that individual receptor kinases fulfill important roles in growth and development, in the recognition of pathogens and symbionts or, in a few examples, in both growth and defense. This volume will focus on the roles of receptor kinases, their signaling pathways, and the ways in which these important signaling proteins are regulated. .
RNA Interference Technology : From Basic Science to Drug Development
Human molecular genetics
Negative strand viruses : papers based on a symposium held in Cambridge, England, 22-27 July 1973. Vol. 2.
Regulatory RNAs
Plant Signaling Peptides
Junk DNA : a journey through the dark matter of the genome
Osteoclast activators are elevated in intervertebral discs with modic changes among patients operated for herniated nucleus pulposus
Analysis of microarray gene expression data
Functional genomic analysis of the <em>Drosophila</em> immune response:identification of genes essential for phagocytosis, viral defense and NF-κB signaling
Design and synthesis of potential aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase inhibitors
Crystallographic studies of small RNA bacteriophages
Signalling pathways controlling bacterial adaptation
Gene expression profiles of chondrocytic cells exposed to hydrostatic pressure
RNA Interference (RNAi) technology has rapidly become one of the key methods used in functional genomics. RNAi is used to block the expression of genes and create phenotypes that can potentially yield clues about the function of these genes. In the postgenomic era, the elucidation of the physiological function of genes has become the rate-limiting step in the quest to develop 'gene-based drugs' and RNAi could potentially play a pivotal role in the validation of such novel drugs. In this overview, the basic concepts and applications of RNAi biology are discussed. Leading experts from both academia and industry have contributed to this invaluable reference. The volume is forwarded by Andrew Fire, one of the winners of the 2006 Nobel Prize for the discovery of RNA Interference.
From proteomic analysis to biomarker application : studies of carbonyl reductase in fish
The RNA world : the nature of modern RNA suggests a prebiotic RNA world
While structure-function relationships of proteins have been studied for a long time, structural studies of RNA face additional challenges. Nevertheless, with the continuous discovery of novel RNA molecules with key cellular functions and of novel pathways and interaction networks, the need for structural information of RNA is still increasing. This volume provides an introduction into techniques to assess structure and folding of RNA. Each chapter explains the theoretical background of one technique, and illustrates possibilities and limitations in selected application examples.
Receptor-like Kinases in Plants : From Development to Defense
Ro52 antibodies and susceptibility genes in congenital heart block
Molecular dynamics simulations of RNA bulges, loops and base flipping
Molecular dissection of Bruton's tyrosine kinase signaling in hematopoietic cells using RNAi
Cytoplasmic mRNP particles in dormant and developing Artemia embryos
Proteomic characterization of host response to viral infection
RNA biology : an introduction
Replication and genetic variability in the genus Potyvirus : studies on Potato virus V and Potato virus A
Processing of RNA : report of symposium held May 29-31, 1974
RNA polymerase and associated factors. Part A
RNAi : design and application
Microarrays and microplates : applications in biomedical sciences
Negative regulation of Drosophila immune response
RNA Structure and Folding : Biophysical Techniques and Prediction Methods
Histone Recognition
RNA infrastructure and networks
Proceedings of an international symposium
Integrin-mediated entry of echovirus 1
On the roles of genes in Parkinson's disease
RNA processing. Pt. A, General methods
Animal Lectins: Form, Function and Clinical Applications presents up-to-date knowledge of animal lectins. Detailed descriptions on biological activities, tissue and/or subcellular distribution, molecular structure, gene organization, possible functions, clinical applications, lectin-ligand interactions and their intervention for therapeutic purposes are provided. The recently discovered C-type lectins as well as further novel super-families of this group of molecules are described in detail. Furthermore, the clinical significance of animal lectins in inflammatory diseases, defects of immune defense and autoimmunity are described and their application as drugs and therapeutic targets is discussed. With the increasing interest in lectins in biomedical research and their therapeutic applications, this book on animal lectins and associated proteins is a must have for researchers in the area.
DNA methods in clinical microbiology
Streptomycetes in indoor environments : PCR based detection and diversity
Metabolic studies on adipose tissue in severe obesity
Synthetic and structural (NMR) studies on DNA and RNA
Bioinformatics for high throughput sequencing
RNA interference
Essentials of molecular biology
Control of messenger RNA stability
Regulation of the in vitro replication cycle of the double-stranded RNA bacteriophage [phi]6
Computational Approaches in Chlamydomonas reinhardtii for Effectual Bio-hydrogen Production
Regulation of transcription initiation by RNA polymerase II at mRNA and U2 snRNA promoters
Nuclear transport
Nucleic acid methylation : proceedings of a Hoffman-La Roche-UCLA Colloquium on Nucleic Acid Methylation held at Frisco, Colorado, March 31-April 7, 1989
Postnatal development of spinal anterior horn neurones in normal and undernourished rats : a quantitative cytochemical study
Harry's cosmeticology : 2
Human type XII collagen
Serine transfer ribonucleic acids : concentrations in avian liver and regulation through biosynthesis and degradation
Genomic analysis of A(HIN1)pdm09 influenza virus in Finland
Gene biotechnology
Plant virology protocols : from viral sequence to protein function
Roles of DNA polymerase epsilon and TopBP1 in DNA replication and damage response
Antisense technology. Part B, Applications
Multifaceted Roles of Crystallography in Modern Drug Discovery
Transfer RNA biosynthesis in eukaryotes : molecular analyses of the yeast, nematode and human TRM1 gene and the product tRNA(m[sup 2][sub 2]G[sub 26])dimethyltransferase
Identifying human epithelial architecture genes with tumour suppressor functions
Transcription and transport of a messenger RNP particle : novel regulatory mechanisms
Drug resistance in acute myeloid leukemia : clinical and experimental studies
Application of RNAi to silence tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase : unexpected effects on the monocyte-macrophage lineage
Stable RNA sequences as a tool for DNA probes and phylogenetic studies
DNA polymerase Epsilon and TopBP1 : unexpected links between DNA replication, stress response, and RNA metabolism
This volume is a collection of the contributions presented at the 42nd Erice Crystallographic Course whose main objective was to train the younger generation on advanced methods and techniques for examining structural and dynamic aspects of biological macromolecules. The papers review the techniques used to study protein assemblies and their dynamics, including X-ray diffraction and scattering, electron cryo-electron microscopy, electro nanospray mass spectrometry, NMR, protein docking and molecular dynamics. A key theme throughout the book is the dependence of modern structural science on multiple experimental and computational techniques, and it is the development of these techniques and their integration that will take us forward in the future.
RNA viruses : a practical approach
Neuroblastoma incidence, biology and outcome : with special emphasis on quantitative analysis of tyrosine hydroxylase mRNA in blood and bone marrow
Double-stranded RNA bacteriophage Φ6 : self-assembly and maturation of procapsid
Regulation of pre-mRNA editing and splicing : the role of the tumour suppressor gene product WT1 in pre-mRNA splicing : coordination of base modification editing by ADAR and pre-mRNA splicing
Artificial ribonucleases : oligonucleotides conjugated with metal ion chelates of azacrowns
Functional role of novel RNA binding protein L1TD1 in human embryonic stem cells (hESC)
Non-competitive NMDA receptor antagonists in rodent modelling of schizophrenia
Development of rapid gene expression analysis and its application to bioprocess monitoring
Computational analysis of small non-coding RNAs in model systems
Comparison of tools to detect differential expression in RNA-seq studies
Molecular biomethods handbook
Rescue of cleft thorax in Drosophila melanogaster by alternative oxidase
The role of human replicative DNA polymerases in DNA repair and replication
Differential gene expression in prostate cancer : identification of genes expressed in prostate cancer, androgen-dependent and androgen-independlines, and characterization of TMPRSS2 expression
PCR applications : protocols for functional genomics
MicroRNA methods
RNA polymerases and associated factors. Part 100
Biochemistry. Volume 2 : The expression and transmission of genetic information
The analysis of serine proteases affecting the immune response in Drosophila melanogaster
Induction of type I interferons and viral immunity
SH Domains : Structure, Mechanisms and Applications
Regulation of gene expression by non-protein-coding RNAs
Cleft thorax in Drosophila melanogaster is a morphogenetic defect caused by specific mutations in the pannier (pnr) and ultraspiracle (usp) genes or genes that are components of the JNK pathway. Alternative oxidase (AOX) is able to rescue this defect in certain causes. One hypothesis is that the activator protein 1 (AP-1) could be affected by AOX. The rescue effect of AOX is connected to its capability to decrease reactive oxygen species (ROS) production. The objective of this thesis was to study the effect of AOX on the JNK pathway and cleft thorax formation in Drosophila melanogaster. The purpose was to analyse whether cleft thorax caused by the knockdown of hep, bsk, d-Fos or d-Jun in pnr-expressing cells can be rescued by AOX. RNA interference (RNAi) was used to knockdown different genes of the JNK pathway in pnr-expressing cells and induce cleft thorax in Drosophila. After knockdown, rescue experiments were carried out to test if AOX is capable of rescuing cleft thorax caused by the silenced gene expression. AOX was introduced into the knockdown flies by crossing RNAi, UAS/GAL4 and AOX transgenic fly lines. Here we show that AOX was unable to rescue cleft thorax caused by d-Jun knockdown. Flies with the d-Jun knockdown in the pannier tissue could not complete metamorphosis and died at pupal stage. The same phenotype was observed with in the presence of AOX. Thus, AOX could not rescue the cleft thorax caused by gene knockdown within the JNK pathway. That AOX is unable to rescue the defect caused by the knockdown of these components indicates that these components could be interacting with AOX. In the future, experiments should focus on measuring the level of ROS production, particularly in the thorax, during different developmental stages by using an indicator stain for mitochondrial ROS production. It would also be interesting to discover other genes affecting AOX rescue of cleft thorax through use of RNA sequencing.
Lewin's essential genes
RNA polymerase and associated factors. Part B
