http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p768 choral music
choral music
The phoenix rising
Coronation Music for King James II (1685)
Choral music by Bob Chilcott
An ode for music : 11 analyses of choral compositions of Zoltán Kodály
A song for Saint Cecilia's day
The choral tradition
The New Novello part-song book : forty-four British part-songs for mixed voices from Purcell to the present day
Philomela in dreams
Rejoice in the Lamb : vocal score
Rejoice, the Lord is king! : great hymns from Westminster Abbey
Motets, anthems, fantasias & voluntaries
The little match girl passion
The technique of choral composition. by Archibald T. Davison
Sacred music
Directing the choral music program
Weihnachten durch die Jahrhunderte = Christmas throughout the centuries
In the heart of things
Abstract.
Complete symphonies
The Damnation of Faust : Dramatic legend in four parts
The plague
Choral works
Chandos anthems. Volume I
Beyond all mortal dreams :  American a cappella
4 Coronation anthems
Becoming a choral music teacher : a field experience workbook
Choral music
Chandos anthems. Volume II
A conductor's guide to choral-orchestral works
Shakespeare in song
Choral repertoire
Three classical madrigals for mixed chorus
Choral Works
Pärismaalased : Valik Läänemere idakalda põlisrahvalaulude kooriseadeid = Aborigines : Selection of choral arrangements of folk songs indigenous to the eastern shores of the Baltic
Anthems
The Great Service
Solfege and sonority : teaching music reading in the choral classroom
Music for Remembrance
Something rich and strange : new Finnish choir repertoire = uutta suomalaista kuoromusiikkia
Songs of the lights
Estonian Philharmonic Chamber Choir 1994.
Springtime
Neglected music : a repertoire handbook for choirs and orchestras
The power and the glory
Music from the reign of King James I
Spring symphony, op. 44 : for soprano, alto and tenor solos, mixed chorus, boys' choir and orchestra
Odes for Saint Cecilia's Day
Ode on St. Cecilia's day 1692
The sound of St. Johns
Appalachia ; Sea Drift
Warm ups & work outs : For the developing choir
The umbersun
Choral music of
Life and breath : choral works
Toward the unknown region ; Fantasia on a Theme by Thomas Tallis ; Norfolk Rhapsody No, 1 ; Five variants of Dives and Lazarus
Orchestral songs
Te deum and Jubilate in D major
Time and the river : The choral music of Morton Gould
Music for Royal Occasions
The Beaufort Scale : Humoresque for unaccompanied mixed choir
Chandos anthems. Volume III
Reincarnations : Mary Hynes, Anthony O'Daly, The coolin
The desert music ; Three movements
Sounds of Tapiola
Trav'ling home : American spirituals 1770-1870
Beat! Beat! Drums! : SATB quartet + SATB choir
Techniques in choral conducting
Songs of farewell
The dynamic choral conductor
Summer's last will and testament
A Ceremony of carols
Warm ups & work outs : For the developing choir : volume 2
Letters to Lindbergh : Choral music by Richard Rodney Bennett
Olinda : theatre music & sacred songs
Psalms and motets for reflection
An American romantic
Living voices and other choral works
Gloria : for solo voices, mixed chorus and orchestra (Casella)
On the road to paradise : a journey through modern Swedish choral music with Lars Edlund, Eric Ericson, Ingvar Lidholm and Bo Wallner
St John's magnificat : choral works by
The marriage of heaven and hell
Carnival song : for men's chorus and brass instruments
Chandos anthems. Volume IV
The complete sacred choral works = Polnoe sobranie duhovno-muzykal'nyh proizvedenij
Pigs could fly :  twentieth-century music for children's choir
Dreamland : Contemporary choral riches from the Hyperion catalogue
All shall be well
One finnished, swedish moment
The tomb at Akr Çaar
A festival of psalms
Of eternal light
The Celestial Country ; Silence unaccompanied
Music for the Chapel Royal : Verse anthems
Northern lights
Who are these angels? : new choral music
Choral edition. Volume 3
Down by the sea : a collection of British folk songs
The passing of the year
Luigi Dallapiccola and musical modernism in Fascist Italy
Music, modernity, and the global imagination : South Africa and the West
The concluding consert of the chorus review
The Choral Singer's Companion
Rejoice in the Lamb
Orchestral works. Vol. 3
Choral music in the twentieth century
Jean Sibelius's works for mixed choir : a source study
Sleep, holy babe
Songs of Sunset - An Arabesque - A Mass of Life
Fine-tune your choir : the indispensable handbook for choral directors and singers
Eclectica : Choral Works
The song of the stars : British music for upper voice choir
Springtime : for baritone and mixed choir, Op. 60 a
Kick-start your choir : confidence-boosting strategies for choral directors and singers
Christmas carols
Face to face with orchestra and chorus : a handbook for choral conductors
Bridges of song. Songbook 5.
Ars Britannica
Agnus dei : music of inner harmony
Stand by me
Choral arranging
Royal and Ceremonial Odes
Body and soul
Contemporary Finnish music. 3
Advent at St Paul's
Carols from King's
Choral masterworks : a listener's guide
The Desert Music
Tainted glory in Handel's Messiah : the unsettling history of the world's most beloved choral work
Dreams
The best classical album in the world...ever!
Ich bin der Welt abhanden gekommen = Into this world, I came as a lost one
Epiphany at St Paul's
Complete works for male choir : Meeskoorilaulud
Choral arranging : expanded edition
Ode for the birthday of Queen Anne
Sacred choral music
Brahms - the vocal music
The Light of Life, op.29
Chorale classics : for mixed voices (S. A. T. B.)
The Passions : An Ode for Music (Oxford 1750)
My spirit hath rejoiced
The complete anthems and services. 7
Works for large chorus and orchestra
Venus and Adonis : A madrigal for mixed chorus from The Passionate Pilgrim"
Ivan the Terrible
We shall see Him as He is
Choral music methods and materials : developing successful choral programs (grades 5 to 12)
Old American songs : complete : SATB and piano
Nine dawn watercolours, nine sunset watercolours
Venus' wheel
The technique of choral composition. Archibald T. Davison
Estonian Philhramonic Chamber Choir 1995.
The best of the Tallis Scholars : 25th anniversary
XL : Choral works for 40 voices
Serenade to music ; Five mystical songs ; Fantasia on Christmas carols ; Flos campi
Choral music by Afro-American composers : a selected, annotated bibliography
The Great Service in the Chapel Royal
Johann Sebastian Bach : Das Kantatenwerk : Sacred Cantatas
Time is endless : Choral music
O mare mio : Choral Works
Visions : choral music
Spring Symphony Op. 44
Teaching music through performance in choir. Volume 2
Kolm impressiooni segakoorile = Three impressions for mixed choir
New eyes on baroque
Cathedral Music
Dido and Aeneas
Ninth Service and Anthems
Sacred and profane and other choral works
The lost art of letter writing
