http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7686 popular stories
popular stories
Arabic Script among China's Muslims: A Dongxiang folk story
Irish : myths & legends
The Sandman : The dream hunters
The little puppet boy
Pretty deadly. vol. 1, Shrike
The cats of Tanglewood forest
Stories from around the world
"The Nart sagas are to the Caucasus what Greek mythology is to Western civilization. Tales of the Narts presents a wide selection of fascinating tales preserved as a living tradition among the peoples of Ossetia in southern Russia, a region where ethnic identities have been maintained for thousands of years in the face of major cultural upheavals. A mythical tribe of tall, nomad warriors, the Narts were courageous, bold, and good-hearted. But they were also capable of cruelty, envy, and forceful measures to settle disputes. In this wonderfully vivid and accessible compilation of stories, colorful and exciting heroes, heroines, villains, and monsters pursue their destinies though a series of peculiar exploits, often with the intervention of ancient gods. The world of the Narts can be as familiar as it is alien, and the tales contain local themes as well as echoes of influence from diverse lands. The ancestors of the Ossetians once roamed freely from eastern Europe to western China, and their myths exhibit striking parallels with ancient Indian, Norse, and Greek myth. The Nart sagas may also have formed a crucial component of the Arthurian cycle. Tales of the Narts further expands the canon of this precious body of lore and demonstrates the passion and values that shaped the lives of the ancient Ossetians."--
Tales of the Narts : ancient myths and legends of the Ossetians
Celtic fairy tales
The king of birds
The sticy doll trap
Grandmothers' stories : wise woman tales from many cultures
THE MAGIC RING : RUSSIAN FOLK TALES
The fishermen
Nyumba ya Mumbi : the Gikuyu creation myth
Cambodian folk stories from the Gatiloke
An hour by the hearth
Isimeme's stories
The Seven sisters : selected Chinese folk stories
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
The girl who married a lion
Legends, myths and folktales : celebrate the stories that have moved the world for centuries
Xiyouji = Journey to the West. V
Atfal Lir = The Children of Lir : [a celtic legend]
Play me a story : nine tales about musical instruments
Why the sea is salty : a tale from Korea
Nart sagas from the Caucasus : ancient myths and legends of the Circassians and Abkhazians
Xiyouji = Journey to the West. IV
Where you came from
The stonecutter : a folktale from Japan
Gods, ghosts, and black dogs : the fascinating folklore and mythology of dogs
Nhung Nguòi Con cua Li-o : môt truyên cô tich cua Nguòi Seo = The Children of Lir : a celtic legend
The wicked tricks of Till Owlyglass
Someplace to be flying
Myths & monsters in Icelandic folk tales
The Mexican pet : more "new" urban legends and some old favorites
The very best of
Memoirs of a porcupine
Farewell, Georgia : four folktales
Asian splendour : folktales from Asia
Adherence to the home-country location of corporate headquarters : narratives of cultural identity, and resource-based pragmatism of globalising Finnish MNCs : location factors and managers' mutual knowledge networks in the Helsinki region
Elves, trolls and elemental beings
Earthtales : storytelling in times of change
Irish sagas and folk-tales
Her seven brothers
Summary in Estonian.
Tales from old Ireland
The gift of the sun : a tale from South Africa
The legends and fairytales of Trakai
Adventures, outlaws and past events
The talking yam
Folk tales of Burma
Folk tales of old Korea = Kojǒn sosǒl-gwa chǒnsǒl
Malay myths and legends
A dictionary of British folk-tales in the English language : incorporating the F. J. Norton collection. Part B, Folk legends. Vol. 1
Ghosts, witchcraft and the other world
Banshees, werewolves, vampires, and other creatures of the night : facts, fictions, and first-hand accounts
The death-tales of the Ulster heroes
How the world began
Summary: Hidden treasures in Estonian tale tradition : from deeds to folk legends.
The Faber book of northern legends
The Barefoot book of stories from the sea
Sheekooyinkii Cigaal Shidaad = The stories of Egal Shidad (the wise coward man)
The bat
Starry river of the sky
The Penguin book of Irish folktales
The Orchard book of Irish fairy tales and legends
"Various children of Eve" (AT 758) : cultural variants and antifeminine images
Buri wa-thamarat al-yaqtin = Buri and the marrow : an Indian folk tale
Heroes and heroines
Carancal, ang bayaning isang dangkal = Carancal, the tiny hero
Stories from West Africa
How did the great bear originate? : folktales from Mongolia
More tales from the Fens
Xiyouji = Journey to the West. VI
Canterbury tales
The book of werewolves
Collection of 19 folktales, legends, and true stories celebrating the heroic cunning, patience, and courage of African-American women and girls.
The legends of king Arthur and his knights
Zhongguo min jian gu shi jing cui = Selected Chinese folk tales
The Penguin book of English folktales
Carruurtii reer Leer : [Waa Khuraafaadkii Dadka Keltik-ga] = The Children of Lir : [a celtic legend]
Alamat ng bahaghari =  (The legend of the rainbow)
Folk tales of Sri Lanka
Where the mountain meets the moon
Fascinating folktales of Thailand = Nithan phunban chuanan khong Thai
Spirit of the forest : tree tales from around the world
Some notes on the repertoire of the Estonian folk-tale
Grandma Panda's China storybook : legends, traditions and fun
Tales from the old world
The story of Kullervo
Redemption in indigo : a novel
Qarad iyo Qori is Maris  =  Qarad and the shapeshilfer
The barefoot book of earth tales
Crocodile! Crocodile! : stories told around the world
Monkey : the classic Chinese adventure tale
A harvest of world folk tales
Tales of Woodsman Pete
Rama and the demon king : an ancient tale from India
Childrens book of mythical beasts and magical monsters
Goldilocks and the three Bears
Draganer coke jala  = The dragon's tears
Bad Santas and other creepy Christmas characters
The Korean nights entertainments : (comic stories)
Rama and Sita : path of flames
Maria Cacao, ang diwata ng Cebu = (Maria Cacao, the fairy of Cebu)
Myths and folk-lore of Ireland
Hikāyāt-i Mashriq Zamīn = Treasures of the East
Stories from the Acallam
Dark fairies
Her stories : African American folktales, fairy tales, and true tales
Folklore of Wales
Legends of trolls and the Bible
West of the moon
The folklore of Discworld : legends, myths and customs from the Discworld with helpful hints from planet Earth
The singing bones : art inspired by Grimms' fairy tales
Jumping mouse
Xiyouji = Journey to the West. III
King Pom and the fox
Tales from ancient worlds
Studies in Irish and Scandinavian folktales
Buri va qua bi : truyen dan gian An Do = Buri and the marrow : an Indian folk tale
The firebird
All through the night
Alamat ng palaka = (The legend of the frog)
Latin American folktales : stories from Hispanic and Indian traditions
Lir aracanin kuzhanthaigal = The Children of Lir
Kikuyu folktales : their nature and value
Best loved folk tales of India
The Canterbury tales
RUSSIAN FAIRY TALES
Gossip from the forest : the tangled roots of our forests and fairytales
The round house
The Orchard book of swords sorcerers & superheroes
The Mabinogion
The stone of truth and other Irish folk tales
The Lion book of two-minute bedtime stories
Legends from Ireland
Islaantii Buuri iyo unuunkii : waa sheekoxariireed Hindi ah = Buri and the Marrow : an Indian folk tale
Minokawa = (The origin of the eclipse)
Icelandic folk legends : tales of apparitions, outlaws and things unseen
Folk tales of the West Lake
The Faber book of northern folk-tales
Saafitiri : a tale of ancient India = Savitri
Xiyouji = Journey to the West. II
Perspectives on contemporary legend. Vol. 4, The questing beast
Perspectives on contemporary legend. Vol. 2
Beyond twilight : explore the hidden world of th vampires
African tales : a Barefoot collection
