http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7687 mythology
mythology
Percy Jackson and the Greek heroes
The Grace of Kings, the first book in this epic series, tells the story of two men who become friends through rebelling against tyranny and then turn against each other in defense of irreconcilable ideals. Wily, charming Kuni Garu, a bandit, and stern, fearless Mata Zyndu, the son of a deposed duke, seem like polar opposites. Yet, in the uprising against the emperor, the two quickly become the best of friends after a series of adventures fighting against vast conscripted armies, silk-draped airships, soaring battle kites, underwater boats, magical books, shapeshifting gods, and scaled whales who seem to prophesy the future. Once the emperor has been overthrown, however, the two find themselves the leaders of two sides with very different ideas about how the world should be run and the meaning of justice
Seventeen-year-old Karou, a lovely, enigmatic art student in a Prague boarding school, carries a sketchbook of hideous, frightening monsters--the chimaerae who form the only family she has ever known.
Zahrah the windseeker
Middle Eastern mythology
Starcrossed
Young woman in a garden : stories
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
God Perkūnas of ancient Lithuanians
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 28 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation / Mari Morimoto]
Introduction to mythology : contemporary approaches to classical and world myths
A dictionary of symbols
Handbook of Japanese mythology
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 10 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation: Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Narrative transformations of heroic, autobiographical poetry in the medieval north
The conflict of Horus and Seth : from Egyptian and classical sources : a study in ancient mythology
The ultimate encyclopedia of mythology : An a-z guide to the myths and legends of the ancient world
Lord of the silver bow
Myths to live by
The notions of model, discourse, and semantic center as tools for the (re)construction of Old Norse religion
The magical year : seasonal celebrations to honour nature's ever-turning wheel
The enchanted islands : a comparison of mythological traditions from Ireland and Iceland
Goddesses unknown I : Njǫrun and the sister-wife of Njǫrðr
Journey to the west. Vol. 1
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 2 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation/Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
The vanir : an obituary
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 5 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation/Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Bray's university dictionary of mythology
Mythological painting
Arthurian romance : a short introduction
A concise dictionary of classical mythology
The golem of Paris
The warlord wants forever
Dear Fang, with love
Daughter of smoke & bone
Ancient myth and modern man
New Larousse encyclopedia of mythology
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 14 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation: Mari Morimoto]
The elements of creation myth
Grimoire of the lamb
The Mabinogion tetralogy
From Persephone to Pan : D. H. Lawrence's mythopoeic vision of the integrated personality with special emphasis on the short fiction and other writings in the early nineteen twenties
The ship in the field
Early Irish history and mythology
The chaos of stars
Can you see the Pretty Things? There are many things that Rory would like to forget about his childhood growing up in rural Arkansas. He'd like to forget his alcoholic father or absent mother. He'd like to forget about his ex-girlfriend, now married to his ex-best friend. Sometimes, he'd even like to forget about his older brother Joe. Joe saw the world differently than other people--sometimes in beautiful ways, seeing what he always called the Pretty Things. But sometimes the Pretty Things turned ugly and bad things happened. Those are the things Rory wishes he could forget most of all. When his car breaks down on the side of the road just out of town, a young girl named Sylvia appears from the corn fields. Sylvia is a Valkyrie sent by the Norse god Odin to deliver Rory to Valhalla. Because today is the day he's going to die. Together, Rory and Sylvia walk back through the memories of Rory's childhood, this time seeing them the way Joe saw them. Rory must face the Pretty Things, the Ugly Things, and all the real life in between before it's time to say goodbye.
The son of Neptune
Chimera
Tales of Troy and Greece
Classical myths in sculpture
Mortals and immortals : collected essays
Shield of thunder
In defence of the vanir
The blood of Olympus
Be more tree : a journey of wisdom, symbols, healing and renewal
Wisdom of the ancients
Dictionary of mythology : mainly classical
Dictionary of classical mythology : symbols, attributes & associations
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 19 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation / Mari Morimoto]
The strange maid
Goddesses unknown II : on the apparent Old Norse goddess Ilmr
Conference report : gods and goddesses on the edge : myth and liminality : 12th-14th November, 2010, Reykjavik, Iceland
Indian mythology
Studies on mythology
The illustrated who's who in mythology
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 29 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation / Mari Morimoto]
Larousse encyclopedia of mythology
The bat
The house of Hades
Greek myths for young children
Transcendent : a Starling novel
Magnus Chase and the sword of summer
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 18 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation / Mari Morimoto]
The lost sun
Through camps to Great Mother : nazi camps and temple sites
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 12 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation: Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Entering the chimeraland of Indo-European reconstruction
A method for analyzing world-models in Scandinavian mythology
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 8 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation: Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Statistical methods for studying mythology : : three peer reviewed papers and a short history of the dragon motif / Julien d'Huy
The mark of Athena
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography I : is every þurs in verse a þurs?
How can you tell who's talking? - transitions between direct speech and narration in Vambarljóð
The Legacy of the Bones
Behind the texts and notes and the edition : M. A. Castrén's lectures on mythology
Aged 30 Sharon Blackie found herself weeping in the car park of the multinational corporation where she worked, wondering if this was what a nervous breakdown felt like. With a PhD in Psychology she ought to have known. Somewhere along the line she realised she had lost herself. And so began a long winding journey back to authenticity, rootedness in place, and belonging. In this extraordinary book of myth memoir and modern day mentors Blackie faces the wasteland of Western culture, the repression of women, and the devastation of our planet. She boldly names the challenge to reimagine women's place in the world and to rise up firmly rooted in our own native landscapes and the powerful stories and wisdom which spring from them. If Women Rose Rooted offers a haunting heroine's journey for every woman who finds power inspiration and solace in the natural world.
Mythologies. Volume 2
Anthropomorphism and miracle
Celtic mythology
Lokrur, Lóðurr and late evidence
The Celtic seasonal wheel is based on eight festivals - Winter Solstice, Imbolc, Spring Equinox, Beltane, Summer Solstice, Lughnasadh, Autumn Equinox and Samhain. Together, these lead us through the cycle of the year, aligning our awareness with the seasonal pattern of the earth beneath our feet. In this book on the solstices, equinoxes and other festivals within the sacred cycle, Danu Forest reveals the secrets of each festival in turn and skilfully revives ancient traditions, encouraging us to reconnect with nature, and ourselves, with a host of practical ideas and rituals. Decorate your home with beautiful seasonal crafts and altars to manifest sacred space. Make gifts to give to friends, cast spells for creativity, fertility and blessing, and use the abundance of nature in recipes that can be enjoyed as part of your seasonal celebrations or for self-healing and empowerment. Meditate on the changing heavens throughout the year with Celtic star lore. Deepen your experience of the turning seasons, from the rest and renewal of winter through the revels of spring and summer to the soul or spirit nights of autumn with magical guided visualizations. This cycle of conscious celebration helps us, year on year, to align with nature's rhythms with greater wonder and insight. Based on sound extensive research, as well as many years of practical experience through both personal practice and teaching, the book will act as a guide for weaving a new, more soulful way of living into readers' everyday existence.
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 9 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation: Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Handbook for experience stagers
The old enemy : Satan and the combat myth
Mythology : from ancient to post-modern
Of gods and men : studies in Lithuanian mythology
An illustrated dictionary of classical mythology
Historical atlas of world mythology. Vol. 2, The way of the seeded earth, part 1 : The sacrifice
Mexican and Central American mythology
Classic ancient mythology
Illustrated myths from around the world
The lost hero
The history of Lapland
Pandora's box : the changing aspects of a mythical symbol
Dictionary of all scriptures and myths
The staff of Serapis
The song of Middle-earth : J. R. R. Tolkien's themes, symbols and myths
Bulfinch's mythology
Key of knowledge
Why a network for retrospective methods?
Heroes, Gods and monsters of Celtic mythology
Murder and vengeance among the gods : Baldr in Scandinavian mythology
Nikolai Wroth, a ruthless vampire general, will stop at nothing to find his Bride, the one woman who can blood him, making his heart beat and filling him with strength. Coldly interested only in the power his Bride will bring, he can hardly believe when Myst the Coveted awakens him body and soul. Famed throughout the world as the most beautiful Valkyrie, Myst has devoted her life to protecting a magical jewel and to fighting the vampires. Wroth provides her with the perfect opportunity to torment her sworn enemy
To the river : a journey beneath the surface
Zombies : a cultural history
Classical mythology
The Song of Middle-earth takes a look at The Lord of the Rings, digging deep into the foundations of Tolkien's world to reveal the complex tapestry of history and mythology that lies behind his stories. The charge that Tolkien's work was merely derivative - that he extracted elements from other mythologies and incorporated them into his own fiction - is dismissed in favour of a fascinating examination of the rich historical background to Middle-earth. From the mythic tradition of the Tales told in The Book of Lost Tales: I to the significance of oral storytelling throughout the history of Middle-earth, this book examines the common themes of mythology found within Tolkien's work. In doing so, The Song of Middle-earth demonstrates how Tolkien's desire to create a new mythology for England is not only apparent in his writing, but also realised.
When a vengeful ancient goddess threatens to end the world, the Crows must join forces with their former enemies, the Protectors, putting Jace Berisha into contact with Ski Eriksen, who is intent on getting closer to her.
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 1 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation/Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Mythic discourses : studies in Uralic traditions
The Kingfisher book of mythology : gods, goddesses and heroes from around the world
World mythology : the illustrated guide
A year after arresting Jason Medina for the rape and murder of his step-daughter, Detective Inspector Amaia Salazar has one last duty to complete before starting her maternity leave attending Medina's trial. Then the trial is suddenly called off.
The book examines the key turning points in the history of the Orpheus myth as factors that shaped, and continues to shape, our conceptions of music's powers. From its beginnings in archaic Antiquity to the latest major opera based on it, the story of Orpheus and Eurydice has been used by poets, philosophers, and musicians to express an increasingly complex set of ideas about what music can do. The study follows three threads in the myth's history: changes in form, cultural status, and the resulting visions of the powers of song.
The undoing
Divination, politics, and ancient Near Eastern empires
The wall of storms
Who's who in mythology : classic guide to the ancient world
This paper presents a methodological framework for addressing variation and change in mythology with in a cultural environment. Mythology is approached in terms of a 'symbolic matrix', which provides a semiotic context for mythic  discourse. Different formal 'integers' of mythology are distinguished. 'Dialects' and 'registers' of mythology are introduced along with an approach to 'positioning' within the symbolic matrix..
Verses versus the 'Vanir' : response to Simek's "Vanir obituary"
The vanir and ragnarǫk
Myths and myth makers
The son of Sobek : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
Long walk to Valhalla : an orignial graphic novel
The 'Viking apocalypse' of 22nd February 2014 : an analysis of the Jorvik Viking Centre's Ragnarǫk and its media reception
A foundling raised in a world of humans growing up, orphaned Josephine didn't know who or what she was - just that she was 'bad', an outcast with strange powers. Protecting her baby brother Thaddeus became her entire life. The day he was taken away began Jo's transition from angry girl to would-be superhero to ruthless villain. A lethally sensual enforcer on a mission Whether by bow or in bed, archer Rune the Baneblood never fails to eliminate his target. In his sights: the oldest living Valkyrie. Yet before he can strike, he encounters a vampiric creature whose beauty mesmerises him. With one bite, she pierces him with aching pleasure, stealing his forbidden blood - and jeopardising the secrets of his brethren.
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 13 / [translation: Mari Morimoto]
Oriental mythology
The story of Kullervo
The talk of the tits : some notes on the death of Sigurðr Fáfnisbani in Norna-Gests þáttr
If women rose rooted : the power of the Celtic woman
Þjálfi journey : an example of how to incorporate younger sources in the comparative study of indigenous religions of Northern Europe
The lost island
Two ravens and one crow
Fall of kings
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography II : Hrimþurs and cosmogony (a contrbution to the Vanir debate)
Reflections on texts and practices in mythology, religion, and research : an introduction
Journey to the west. Vol. 2
Sacred trees
The complete illustrated history of the Aztec & Maya
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 7 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation/Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
Sláine : the horned god
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Handbook of Polynesian mythology
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 3 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation/Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
The mythology of all races in thirteen volumes. 5, Semitic
Journey to the west. Vol. 3
Mythologies of the world : the illustrated guide to mythological beliefs & customs
The tradition of Icelandic sagnakvæði
All colour book of Greek mythology
The masks of God. 2, Oriental mythology
Tales from the Greek legends
How the Holy Cross was found : from event to medieval legend
History of Atlantis
Gods and heroes of the Greeks : The library of Apollodorus
Ishtar and Tammuz : a Babylonian myth of the seasons
Odin's table
Scandinavia and Christian Europe in the Middle Ages : papers of the 12th International Saga Conference Bonn/Germany, 28th July - 2nd August 2003
Conference report : Old Norse mythology in the digital age, 19th-20th October 2012, Bonn, Germany
A piece of horse liver : myth, ritual and folklore in old Icelandic sources
Inu-Yasha. Vol. 4 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation/Mari Morimoto] : a feudal fairy tale
The ark before Noah : decoding the story of the Flood
Norse mythology
The Orpheus myth and the powers of music
Myth and mythmaking
Chinese mythology
Mythologies of the ancient world
Of fire and water : the Old Norse mythical worldview in an eco-mythological perspective
The raven boys
Thematic guide to world mythology
Mythology in cultural practice : a methodological framework for historical analysis
Key of light
Once More with Feeling: Seth the divine trickster
