http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7696 business law
business law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 17, Chapter 11, State and economy : Legal consequences of state regulation
The future in us : education for global responsibility.
Assessing the socioeconomic impacts arising from oil pollutions in the Niger Delta Region of Nigeria : including proposals for solution
The proposed Nordic Saami Convention : national and international dimensions of indigenous property rights
The law of state aid in the European Union
Economic organizations and corporate governance in Japan : the impact of formal and informal rules
Taxing cross-border services : current worldwide practices and the need for change
Modern technology and the devastation of the resource base of the coastal saami
Beyond the sacred forest : complicating conservation in Southeast Asia
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Danish business law
The subjects of the draft Nordic Saami Convention
Englanninkielinen yhteenveto: The taxation of interest payments between associated enterprises.
Access to social Europe
Some features of the contemporary Finnish business regulation
Casino gaming control in Finland and the United Kingdom
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-D, Property : legal precedents
Awakening Siberia : from marginalization to self-determination; the small indigenous nations of Northern Russia on the eve of the millennium
The influence on Swedish tax and corporate law of the Swedish integration in the European Community
Community competition policy in 1993
Market control in Finland
Mission impossible? : seeking balance between economic freedoms and fundamental social rights in the context of the right to strike in the EU
EU competition law and economics
Competition law in the European Communities. Volume 2A, Rules applicable to state aid : Situation at 31 December 1994.
European Community law of state aid
Doing business with Hungary
Globalization, climate change, and indigenous peoples in the Arctic : an interface between free trade and the right to the culture
Konkurrensreglerna i det integrerade Europa (EU/EES) : föredrag från ett kontaktseminarium ordnat av Nordisk Råd for Forskning i Europæisk Integrationsret ; Gustavelund, Tusby, Finland 21-23.11.1994
A world you do not know : settler societies, indigenous peoples and the attack on cultural diversity
Advertising and constitutional rights in Europe : a study in comparative constitutional law
Doing business with Lithuania
Ethical theory and business
Summary.
The Sámi people : traditions in transition / Veli-Pekka Lehtola ; translated by Linna Weber Müller-Wille
Deatnu : southern habits in a northern river - fragmentation of a river system in northern Fennoscandia = Deatnu : mátta dábit davviguovllu joga alde
Regulating development : evidence from Africa and Latin America
The southern Kikuyu before 1903
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis :   an interdisciplinary approach
Jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights regarding indigenous peoples : retrospect and prospects
Female entrepreneurs in nineteenth-century Russia
Establishing and doing business in Finland
Contested waterscapes in the Mekong Region : hydropower, livelihoods, and governance
Business law forum 2005
Access to European Union : law, economics, policies
Working with traditional knowledge: communities, institutions, information systems, law and ethics : writings from the Arbediehtu Pilot Project on documentation and protection of sami traditional knowledge
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis : an interdisciplinary approach
Dispute resolution in international electronic commerce
Deatnu : Southern habits in a Northern river : fragmentation of a river system in Northern Fennoscandia = Deatnu : mátta dábit davviguovllu joga alde
The Sámi people : traditions in transition
Business support programmes : SME policy description, compensation mechanisms and evaluation systems in five countries and in the European Commission : backround paper for the Ministry of Trade and Industry's working group on the Effectiveness of Business Support Programmes
On creation of legislation on business activity in Estonia
Guide to the Case-law of the European Court of Justice in articles 52 et seq. of the EC Treaty : freedom of establishment
