http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7690 DNA
DNA
Aging, sex, and DNA repair
Tuning DNA-surfactant interactions with cyclodextrins
A history of the world in six glasses
One-step large-scale deposition of salt-free DNA origami nanostructures
Methods and applications in DNA sequence alignments
Detection of pneumococcus by PCR
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons : DNA damage and cell signaling
Hospital water supply as a source of nosocomial infections
Mutational analyses of the tumor suppressor gene PATCHED1 : role in nonmelanoma skin cancer and nevoid basal cell carcinoma
What are the issues with genetic technology?
DNA and heterogeneous, high molecular weight RNA in polytene chromosomes of chironomus tentans
Nucleic acid targeted drug design
On the structure-function relationship of P73
DNA methylation and gene expression patterns in adrenal medullary tumors
Molecular genetics of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in Eastern Finland
Genetic structure at different spatial scales in metapopulations of <em>Silene tatarica</em>
Metal-nanoparticle-G4-DNA conjugates and their DC conductivity measurements
Not a chimp : the hunt to find the genes that make us human
DNA structures. Pt. A, Synthesis and physical analysis of DNA
Antisense nucleic acids and proteins : fundamentals and applications
DNA for archaeologists
DNA synthesis
DNA repair and replication
DNA viruses : a practical approach
Molecular mechanisms of mitochondrial DNA replication
Molecular biology of the gene
Molecular mechanisms of mammalian mitochondrial DNA replication and transcription
Structural maintenance of chromosomes : a complex tale of genomic integrity
Development of nonviral gene delivery and of anti-gene reagents
Human Chromosome Variation: Heteromorphism and Polymorphism
Application of RNAi to silence tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase: unexpected effects on the monocyte-macrophage lineage
Targeting nucleic acids in bacteria with synthetic ligands
DNA repair mechanisms and their biological implications in mammalian cells
Anther culture properties of oat x wild red oat progenies and a search for RAPD markers associated with  anther culture ability
Phylogenetic analysis of DNA sequences
Francis Crick : Discoverer of the genetic code
The role of DNA polymerases, in particular DNA polymerase ε in DNA repair and replication
LXR regulation of hepatic gene expression and pituitary dependent hormones
The selfish gene
Recombinant DNA. Pt. 1
In search of hybridity: the case of Karelian spruces
Testing fungal DNA on ligation detection reaction microarray
DNA vaccines : methods and protocols
Date palm (Phoenix dactylifera L.) is one of the important fruit crops in arid land. The conservation of date palm genetic diversity is thus an important task to maintain the genetic resources. In order to identify salinity tolerant date palms, evaluation of four varieties was conducted based on analysis of morphological and physiological parameters, e.g. growth and pigment analysis, respectively. Randomly amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD) technique was employed to characterize the varieties. The varieties were irrigated with increasing concentrations of saline water from 7.8, 11.7, 15.6, 19.5, 23.4 and 27.3 dS/m at regular intervals of three months duration. The growth parameters were plant height, collar girth and number of leaves. The physiological parameters were the types and quantities of the photosynthetic pigments. The varieties responded differentially to the increasing salt concentration with Bugal White acquiring maximum plant height, collar girth and production of leaves. The sensitivity to high salinity recorded reduced growth, leaf production and collar girth in varieties Mesalli and Razez. Chlorophyll and carotenoid contents of the treated varieties were highest in the varieties Bugal White and Khashkar and significantly superior to Mesalli and Razez. The date palm varieties were fingerprinted using fourteen random primers to detect the DNA polymorphism. Primer OPC-02 revealed a 1400 bp fragment amplified in 'Bugal White' (salinity tolerant) and 'Khlas' which is known to be drought tolerant. Primer OPD-02 distinguished 'Bugal White', which proved to be salinity tolerant, with a DNA fragment of about 1200 bp. Primer OPD-02 amplified a 1600 bp fragment in 'Khashkar', 'Bugal White', 'Shaham' and 'Khlas'.
In vitro, in vivo, and in silico investigations of polymer and lipid based nanocarriers for drug and gene delivery
DNA compaction at surfaces
Post mortem studies on the human alcoholic brain : DNA methylation and molecular responses
Morpho-physiological evaluation and RAPD markers-assisted characterization of date palm (Phoenix dactylifera L.) varieties for salinity tolerance
On the role of different signal transduction pathways in induction of apoptosis by anticancer drugs
The poorly understood mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) replication has traditionally been studied in mammals and the former theories have been argued and questioned quite recently. Dr. Priit Joers, from the University of Tampere, at the Institute of Medical Technology started a research project to study the mtDNA replication of Drosophila melanogaster because no published data on the matter exists at the moment. The object of the development project was to participate in the research project of Dr. Joers. The development project concentrated on the methodology of two-dimensional agarose gel electrophoresis (2D-AGE) which is used in studying the mtDNA replication.     In this development project two similar experiments were performed. The thesis focused on the second one which was performed independently by the student. Samples of mtDNA extracted from Drosophila melanogaster were digested with restriction enzymes Nde I, Bsp 1407 I, Xho and EcoRV. Duplicates of each sample were treated with single-strand-specific nuclease (S1 nuclease) to remove single-stranded regions. With these modifications different replication intermediates were produced to study the replication. The replication intermediates were separated by using a ready optimized 2D-AGE. Visualization of the 2D-gels was done by Southern hybridization using radiolabels. The full analysis of the pictures was done by Dr. Joers.    The technical quality of the results was good and valid data for the research project of Dr. Joers was produced. Single-strand-specific nuclease sensitive regions were found in the replicating mtDNA. New data of the mtDNA replication was discovered, but these facts need to be studied further.
Modern genetic analysis
The design of life
Heat shock proteins as vaccine adjuvants
DNA repair. Part A
Dielectrophoretic trapping of 3D-DNA origamis
Methods in enzymology. Vol. 153, Recombinant DNA
Selective separation of mouse epidermal cells and cytophotometric estimation of their nuclear DNA
Genomic DNA methylation in health and disease
The violinist's thumb : and other lost tales of love, war, and genius, as written by our genetic code
Microarrays in Diagnostics and Biomarker Development : Current and Future Applications
The mysterious world of the human genome
DNA microarrays
Replicative DNA polymerase associated B-subunits
Structural biology of DNA damage and repair
Evolution and ecological aspects of parthenogenetic and sexual bagworm moths (Lepidoptera: Psychidae: Naryciinae)
Seasonal feeding strategies of subarctic zooplankton
Recombinant DNA laboratory manual
Human DNA polymerase [epsilon] : expression, phosphorylation and protein-protein interactions
Chirality-controlled preparation and single molecule characterisation of carbon nanotubes
Characterization of DNA adducts formed by CIS-diamminedichloroplatinum (II)
DNA topology
Controlling DNA compaction and the interaction with model biomembranes
Massive data acquisition technologies, such as genome sequencing, high-throughput drug screening, and DNA arrays are in the process of revolutionizing biology and medicine. Using the mRNA of a given cell, at a given time, under a given set of conditions, DNA microarrays can provide a snapshot of the level of expression of all the genes in the cell. Such snapshots can be used to study fundamental biological phenomena such as development or evolution, to determine the function of new genes, to infer the role individual genes or groups of genes may play in diseases, and to monitor the effect of drugs and other compounds on gene expression. Originally published in 2002, this inter-disciplinary introduction to DNA arrays will be of value to anyone with an a interest in this powerful technology.
Apoptosis, cellular division or mitotic catastrophe? : effects of kinase inhibition and DNa damage in lung cancer cells
"In The Disappearing Spoon, bestselling author Sam Kean unlocked the mysteries of the periodic table. In THE VIOLINIST'S THUMB, he explores the wonders of the magical building block of life: DNA. There are genes to explain crazy cat ladies, why other people have no fingerprints, and why some people survive nuclear bombs. Genes illuminate everything from JFK's bronze skin (it wasn't a tan) to Einstein's genius. They prove that Neanderthals and humans bred thousands of years more recently than any of us would feel comfortable thinking. They can even allow some people, because of the exceptional flexibility of their thumbs and fingers, to become truly singular violinists. Kean's vibrant storytelling once again makes science entertaining, explaining human history and whimsy while showing how DNA will influence our species' future"--
A kinetic study of interactions between DNA oligomers and Pt(II) coordination complexes
Recombinant DNA. Pt. G
Generation of cDNA libraries : methods and protocols
Functional and structural characterization of the human mitochondrial helicase
Achondroplasia is defined by recurrent G380R mutations of FGFR3
Next Generation Sequencing: Current Technologies and Applications
The molecular biology web book
Clinical applications for next-generation sequencing
A brief history of everyone who ever lived : the stories in our genes
Taxonomy, ecology and distribution of Cortinarius rubrovioleipes and C. hinnuleoarmillatus (Basidiomycota, Agaricales) in Fennoscandia
Carotenoids. Pt. A, Chemistry, separation, quantitation, and antioxidation
<em>PALB2</em> and <em>RAP80</em> genes in hereditary breast cancer predisposition
Analysis of microarray data : a network-based approach
Life at the speed of light : from the double helix to the dawn of digital life
DNA : how the biotech revolution is changing the way we fight disease
DNA microarrays and related genomics techniques : design, analysis, and interpretation of experiments
Adam's curse : the future without men
Recombinant DNA. Pt. F
Life's greatest secret : the race to crack the genetic code
Diagnostics and clinical significance of Faecalibacterium prausnitzii
Probing the mammalian mitochondrial nucleoid
Ancient DNA : recovery and analysis of genetic material from paleontological, archaeological, museum, medical, and forensic specimens
Induction and repair of DNA double-strand breaks in human cells exposed to different radiation qualities
DNA Arrays : Technoloies and Experimental Strategies
Gene regulation mechanisms by the transcriptional coregulator mastermind-like 1
DNA methylation and 5-azacytidine in myelodysplastic syndromes : pharmacodynamic, mechanistic and clinical studies
Interaction of Baculovirus with the Surface of Mammalian Cells and Intracellular Changes during Transduction
The Britannica guide to genetics : the most exciting developments in life science : from Mendel to the human genome project
A laboratory guide to in vitro studies of protein-DNA interactions
Effect of genetic polymorphisms on urinary bladder neoplasms
The resonant recognition model of macromolecular bioactivity : theory and applications
Nanoparticle technology handbook
Genotoxicity assessment : methods and protocols
Maintenance of genetic diversity in four taiga specialists
DNA microarrays : a practical approach
Recombinant DNA. Pt. H
Recent developments in sequencing methods have enabled whole genome sequencing of several species and the available sequence information has allowed the development of high throughput genotyping chips. However, these genotyping methods require high quality DNA. The possibility to genotype samples based on DNA from non-invasive sources would permit retrospective genotyping of previously collected samples and also facilitate the analysis of large populations e.g. for genomic selection. In this study we have developed and evaluated different DNA preparation methods from porcine hair root follicles for high throughput genotyping with the PorcineSNP60 Genotyping BeadChip (Illumina). We describe a method for DNA extraction from porcine hair root samples, which produces results from high throughput genotyping with the same high degree of accuracy as previously reported for DNA extracted from sperm, blood or tissue samples. This method was used for the genotyping of 273 hair follicle samples. When the DNA concentration was > 30 ng/µl all samples had the same high call rate ( > 99%) as sperm samples confirming the robustness of this DNA extraction method for high throughput genotyping. Our data also establishes the suitability of the PorcineSNP60 BeadChip for genotyping the Finnish Landrace population.
Molecular mechanisms in DNA replication and recombination : proceedings of a UCLA Symposium, held at Keystone, Colorado, March 27-April 3, 1989
DNA polymerase Epsilon and TopBP1 : unexpected links between DNA replication, stress response and RNA metabolism
DNA repair by HDR in experimental tumorigenesis
Detection of bovine foetal DNA from amniotic fluid using the polymerase chain reaction
DNA structures. Pt. B, Chemical and electrophoretic analysis of DNA
Molecular alterations in asbestos-related lung cancer
Recombinant DNA. Pt. E
The deeper genome : why there is more to the human genome than meets the eye
Principles of nucleic acid structure
DNA damage-induced cell death : the role of Caspase-2
The broken land
An introduction to genetic analysis
My beautiful genome : exposing our genetic future, one quirk at a time
Molecular pathological mechanisms of mitochondrial tRNA points mutations
Vaccination against drug-resistant HIV
Junk DNA : a journey through the dark matter of the genome
Development of a therapeutic vaccine against the hepatitis C virus
Development of novel DNA vaccine and immunotherapeutic approaches
Naming Jack the Ripper : new crime scene evidence, a stunning forensic breakthrough, the killer revealed
Cell biology : a short course
Forensics : the anatomy of crime
Methods in enzymology. Vol. 101, Recombinant DNA : part C
Ultrasound, ions and combined modalities for increased local tumour cell death in radiation therapy
Identification of disease causing mutations in early-onset neuropathies by exome sequencing
Role of latent EBV genes in the induction of genomic instability in Burkitt's lymphoma
Genetic selection in human mitochondria
Genome wide analysis of the Ssn6-Tup11/Tup12 co-repressor complex in the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe
Stress-related protein synthesis in mammalian cells exposed to hydrostatic pressure
The extended selfish gene
Proteomic analysis of DNA damage induced stress signaling with focus on p53 : S100A6 regulation, function and potential as biomarker in lung cancer and as a novel therapeutic target
Practical Streptomyces genetics
Nucleoside analog toxicity and nucleoside kinase deficiency : effects on mitochondrial DNA
The origin of our species
Sub-montane Norway spruce as alternative seed source for a changing climate? : a genetic and growth analysis at the fringe of its natural range in Austria
Recombinant DNA
The making of the fittest : DNA and the ultimate forensic record of evolution
The third man of the double helix : the autobiography of Maurice Wilkins
Polulation genetic, association and zygosity testing on preamplified DNA
DNA methylation : basic mechanisms
Viral infections in children with cancer
Identification of interacting proteins and post-translational modifications on DNA-bound HSF1
DNA fingerprinting : approaches and applications
Molecular devices for nanoelectronics and plasmonics
DNA : the secret of life
An introduction to forensic DNA analysis
Abstract. - Sammanfattning.
One plus one equals one : symbiosis and the evolution of complex life
Transcriptional regulation of the human prostatic acid phosphatase gene : tissue-specific and androgen-dependent regulation of the promoter constructs in cell lines and transgenic mice
Detection of human papillomavirus type 11 DNA in a conjunctival squamous cell papilloma by in situ hybridization with biotinylated probes
Conductivity measurements of DNA TX tile and origami structures
The chemistry of life
Materials science of DNA
Studies on retina-specific gene expression
Phylogeny and phylogeography of European Parids
DNA methods in clinical microbiology
Drug-DNA interaction protocols
The sacred blood
Bioinformatics for high throughput sequencing
Fluorescence probing of DNA structures in biology and nanotechnology
Genetics for beginners
On the mechanisms and consequences of cell to cell DNA transfer
Novel approaches for cancer immunotherapy
Theoretical description of the DNA overstretching transition
Feature selection, classification and imputation methods for microarray gene expression data
DNA replication
DNA Microarrays and Gene Expression : From Experiments to Data Analysis and Modeling
Effects of ionizing radiation on DNA : physical, chemical and biological aspects
Susan Aldridge gives an accessible guide to the world of DNA and also explores the applications of genetic engineering in biotechnology. She takes the reader, step by step, through the fascinating study of molecular biology. The first part of the book describes DNA and its function within living organisms. The second part explores genetic engineering and its applications to humans such as gene therapy, genetic screening and DNA fingerprinting. The third looks at the wider world of biotechnology and how genetic engineering can be applied to such problems as producing vegetarian cheese or cleaning up the environment. The final part explains how knowledge of the structure and functioning of genes sheds light on evolution and our place in the world. Although easy to read, this book faces up to the science involved and should be read by anyone who wants to know about DNA and genetic engineering.
Natural genetic transformation in Streptococcus pneumoniae : gene regulation and competence induced cell lysis
Human DNA polymerase e associated proteins : identification and characterization of the B-subunit of DNA polymerase [epsilon] and TopBP1
The Usborne Internet-linked introduction to genes & DNA
This text explores the most recent advances in NGS instrumentation and data analysis. It begins with a comprehensive description of current NSG platforms, their sequencing chemistries, instrument specifications, and general workflows and procedures. A separate chapter is dedicated to low-quantity, single molecule sequencing technology. Further chapters explore the application of NSG technologies in various fields.
DNA repair and genome organisation in mammalian cells: studies involving single-cell electrophoresis
Viral polymerases and related proteins
50 years of DNA
Methods in enzymology. Vol. 100, Recombinant DNA : part B
NMR studies of DNA structure and counterion behaviour
Comparative study of commercial master mixes in bacterial quantification
1982 supplement to DNA replication
Topics in fluorescence spectroscopy. Volume 7, DNA technology
Human type XII collagen
Signaling pathways in myocyte hypertrophy : role of GATA4, mitogen-activated protein kinases and protein kinase C
LXR and aromatase knock-out mice : animal models providing insight into human diseases
The chemical biology of DNA damage
Lentiviral integrase-fusions : genomic interactions, site selection and cellular delivery of heterologous proteins
Integration of aqueous two-phase systems into recovery processes for biomolecules
Dynamic modeling of DNA
As the Human Genome Project completed its mapping of the entire human genome, hopes ran high that we would rapidly be able to use our knowledge of human genes to tackle many inherited diseases, and understand what makes us unique among animals. But things didn't turn out that way ... but the emerging picture is if anything far more exciting. Parrington gives an outline of the deeper genome, involving layers of regulatory elements controlling and coordinating the switching on and off of genes; the impact of its 3D geometry; the discovery of a variety of new RNAs playing critical roles; the epigenetic changes influenced by the environment and life experiences that can make identical twins different and be passed on to the next generation; and the clues coming out of comparisons with the genomes of Neanderthals as well as that of chimps about the development of our species. Read
The benefits of increasing the number of microsatellites utilized in genetic population studies: an empirical perspective
DNA polymerase [epsilon] : characterization of proofreading exonuclease activity, cell proliferation dependent expression of its catalytic subunit, and dispensability in SV40 DNA replication
Recombinant DNA : a short course
Adoption of EBPP by DNA: Are Customers Satisfied?
Functional characterization of MutS homologue mismatch repair proteins and their variants
The double helix : a personal account of the discovery of the structure of DNA
Cortinarius lustrabilis (Basidiomycota, Agaricales), a new species to Fennoscandia
Human DNA polymerase ε:expression, phosphorylation and protein-protein interactions
The Thread of Life : The Story of Genes and Genetic Engineering
Human DNA polymerase ε associated proteins:identification and characterization of the B-subunit of DNA polymerase ε and TopBP1
DNA damage response genes and chromosome 11q21-q24 candidate tumor suppressor genes in breast cancer
Comparison of different DNA extraction methods from hair root follicles to genotype Finnish Landrace boars with the Illumina PorcineSNP60 BeadChip
Modulation of nuclear receptor function by interacting proteins
Characterization of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae mitochondrial DNA helicase Hmi1
The Usborne introduction to genes & DNA
What can molecular markers tell us about the glacial and postglacial histories of European birches?
Two-dimensional agarose gel electrophoresis in the analysis of mitochondrial DNA replication in Drosophila Melanogaster
Introduction to genes & DNA
Copy number variations in multiple sclerosis
Fluorescence in situ hybridization of potato somatohaploids and their somatic hybrid donors using two Solanum brevidens specific sequences
A study on the E3 ligase TRIM21/Ro52
Dielectrophoretic trapping and Raman spectroscopy of fluorescent oligonucleotides
Further delineation of molecular alterations in adreno-medullary tumors
Recognizing Lynch syndrome by DNA mismatch repair deficiency
Complementary DNA for 12-kilodalton B cell growth factor: misassigned
Insights into cancer-related effects of electromagnetic fields
Influence of plant developmental stage on DNA yield and extractability in MON810 maize
PCR applications : protocols for functional genomics
Microarray technology has made strong progress over the past decade, and there have also been significant changes in application areas, from nucleic acids to proteomics and from research to clinical applications. This book provides a comprehensive overview of microarrays in diagnostics and biomarker development, covering DNA, peptide, protein and tissue arrays. The focus is on entities that are in actual clinical use, or quite close, and on recent developments, such as peptide and aptamer arrays. A further topic is the miniaturisation towards “nanoarrays”, which is expected to have great potential in clinical applications. Relevant issues of bioinformatics and statistical analysis of array data are discussed in detail, as well as the barriers to the commercialisation of array-based tests and the vexing IP issues involved. Thus, the book should be very useful tor active array users as well as to newcomers seeking to make the best choice between different technologies.
Detection of mRNA with DNA probes using transmission electron microscope
The greatest show on Earth : the evidence for evolution
DNA excision repair in Escherichia coli
Interactions of Rad7 in Saccharomyces cerevisiae : mapping of Rad7 domains that interact with Rad16, Mei4 and Sir3 in two-hybrid system
New tools for the study of an old collagen : characterization of the human COL9A1, COL9A2 and COL9A3 genes and production of human type IX collagen as a recombinant protein
DNA fingerprinting demonstrates extremely low levels of genetic variation among blackberry cultivars grown in Finland
Postlabelling methods for detection of DNA adducts
Human Chromosome Variation: Heteromorphism and Polymorphism was formerly printed under the title “Atlas of Human Chromosome Heteromorphism”. The Atlas has become a standard reference book in most cytogenetic laboratories and is cited as a significant reference in ISCN 2009. This revised version has updated and retained the most useful pictorial sections of the first edition, including the comprehensive review of normal and “not-so-normal” variations of the human karyotype with summaries and extensive reference lists organized by chromosome number. This updated edition features concise background information on chromosome methods and applications, essential information on heteromorphism frequencies in normal and clinical populations as well as new listing and discussions of euchromatic, subtelomeric and FISH variants. The addition of two new sections make this an even more valuable reference than before. A section on common and rare fragile sites includes a short historical discussion, definitions and an extensive table of officially recognized sites that includes the HUGO name, chromosomal location, methods of induction, genes and references to the most recent molecular characterization. A new section on array CGH discusses the clinical challenge of interpreting copy number variations (CNVs) revealed by this newest technology, gives examples of various levels of interpretation and lists the several most common websites used in this interpretation.
The amount and extractability of DNA in different parts of MON810 GM hybrid was studied during different developmental stages. To quantify GM contents, an evaluation was performed of the effect of plant development stage on DNA density. To this end, the evolution of weights, absolute DNA yields, DNA densities and ratios of endosperm and embryo relative to total maize kernel were studied. Sampling at four stages during the growth shows an influence on relative GM quantification based on haploid genome equivalents, due to the specific maize seed composition and differences in DNA extractability from different seed tissues. During plant growth, plant parts with potential GM genes (embryo in kernel and cob on total plant) increase in importance on weight and DNA concentration level, while the endosperm drops in relative importance. Expected % GM maize values are calculated for a whole field harvest of grain maize.
Recombinant DNA. Pt. D
DNA damage : effects on DNA structure and protein recognition
Mechanisms of genetic adaptation in helicobacter pylori
