http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7698 Five (computer programmes)
Five (computer programmes)
Pillitä Elli pillitä ; Brothers in arms
Chasin' the jazz gone by
Stalin and Europe : imitation and domination, 1928-1953
The original Hot Five recordings of Louis Armstrong
Constructing identities in San Andreas : characterizing the protagonists in Grand Theft Auto V
Vonnegut's duty-dance with death : theme and structure in Slaughterhouse-five
Autism spectrum disorders:an epidemiological and clinical study
K. V. Laurikainen : The Finnish Society for Natural Philosophy 25 Years
Five versus the rest of the world : 100% official
Studies on coactosin-like protein interaction with 5-lipoxygenase
SNAP-25 and CDK5 as exocytotic regulators : consequences for synaptic function and insulin release
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterical and fungal exposures
Grandma's meatballs
Premiere Pro CS5 and CS5.5 digital classroom
Why did the Ottoman Empire enter the First World War in late October 1914, months after the war's devastations had become clear? Were its leaders 'simple-minded,' 'below-average' individuals, as the doyen of Turkish diplomatic history has argued? Or, as others have claimed, did the Ottomans enter the war because War Minister Enver Pasha, dictating Ottoman decisions, was in thrall to the Germans and to his own expansionist dreams? Based on previously untapped Ottoman and European sources, Mustafa Aksakal's dramatic study challenges this consensus. It demonstrates that responsibility went far beyond Enver, that the road to war was paved by the demands of a politically interested public, and that the Ottoman leadership sought the German alliance as the only way out of a web of international threats and domestic insecurities, opting for an escape whose catastrophic consequences for the empire and seismic impact on the Middle East are felt even today.
Litigating economic, social and cultural rights : achievements, challenges and strategies : featuring 21 case studies
The Russian Prospero : the creative universe of Viacheslav Ivanov
In the maelstrom of secularization collaboration and persecution : Roman Catholicism in modern Czech society and the state
Making preparation count : lessons from the avian influenza outbreak in Turkey
Likeness to the Divinity? Virtues and Charismatic Leadership
Report from technical workshop Final Release:ICT-619555 RESCUE D5.5 Version 1.0
Before we say goodbye
The ornament on Chinese silver of the Tang Dynasty (AD 618-906)
Lars V. Ahlfors 1907-1996
Cave temples of Mogao : art and history on the silk road
In Social Mobility in Late Antique Gaul, Allen Jones explores the situation of the non-elite living in Gaul during the late fifth and sixth centuries. Drawing especially on evidence from Gregory of Tours' writings, he formulates a social model based on people of all ranks who were acting in ways that were socially advantageous to them, such as combining resources, serving at court, and participating in ostentatious religious pursuits, such as building churches. Viewing the society as a whole, and taking into account specific social groups, such as impoverished prisoners, paupers active at churches, physicians, and wonder-working enchanters, Jones creates an image of Barbarian Gaul as an honor-driven, brutal, and flexible society defined by social mobility. His work also addresses topics such as social engineering and competition, magic and religion, and the cult of saints.
Sweet dreams (are made of this)
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
Five smooth stones for pastoral work
Modelling the rejection probability of a quality test consisting of multiple measurements
Progessive hardrock beyond the mainstream
Murder and difference : gender, genre, and scholarship on Sisera's death
The hobbit : the battle of the five armies : the movie storybook
Patient reported outcomes in elderly patients with Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 in Slovenia
The house in the garden : the Bakunin family and the romance of Russian idealism
Adobe creative suite 5 bible
1001 amazing facts about the best bands : unofficial & unauthorised. Volume 1.
Running up that hill : dancemix
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy in primary care : clinical applications and analysis of the Five Facet Mindfulness Questionnaire (FFMQ)
"Sumptuous hardback gift edition combining the best of the Hobbit and Lord of the Rings Location Guides, plus brand new photography unique to this book." / WorldCat.
Regulation of murine hepatic <em>Cytochrome P450 2a5</em> expression by transcription factor Nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2
Dynamics of ethnicity in Tanzania
Vonnegut's duty-dance with death : theme and structure in Slaughterhouse-Five
Final report on practical assessment of the RESCUE architecture:ICT-619555 RESCUE D4.4 Version 1.0
On minor salivary gland secretion in children, adolescents and adults
Universal and specific features of personality traits in their various representations
How did British rule in India transform persons from lower social classes? Could Indians from such classes rise in the world by marrying Europeans and embracing their religion and customs? This book explores such questions by examining the intriguing story of an interracial family who lived in southern India in the mid-nineteenth century. The family, which consisted of two untouchable brothers, both of whom married Eurasian women, became wealthy as distillers in the local community. A family dispute resulted in a landmark court case, Abraham v. Abraham. Chandra Mallampalli uses this case to examine the lives of those involved, and shows that far from being products of a 'civilizing mission' who embraced the ways of Englishmen, the Abrahams were ultimately - when faced with the strictures of the colonial legal system - obliged to contend with hierarchy and racial difference.
PET evaluation of central serotonergic neurotransmission in women
Nielsen, Symphony no. 5
The Middle-Earth landscapes : locations in the Lord of the Rings and the Hobbit
Lysyl hydroxylases:studies on recombinant lysyl hydroxylases and mouse lines lacking lysyl hydroxylase 1 or lysyl hydroxylase 3
A collaborative approach to collection storage : the Five-College Library Depository
The books of Ruth, Esther, Ecclesiastes, the Song of Songs, Lamentations : the Five Scrolls
Music preferences based on audio features, and its relation to personality
Backtrack 5 cookbook
A computer program for point-source microwave continuum observation (FIVE) : program document. Vol. 2 : System description manual
Personality traits and unemployment: Evidence from longitudinal data
Five two for a new you : the fast formula for a happier, healthier life
Summary in estonian.
Vieno Johannes Sukselainen was born in Paimio on 12 October 1906. His mother was a single woman who worked as a seamstress. Sukselainen matriculated from high school in 1927 and earned his masters degree in 1931. Sukselainens doctoral dissertation, Co-operatives as a business model, was approved in 1939. Sukselainen traveled to various countries during the 1930s to conduct research for his dissertation, including Germany, Switzerland, France and Sweden. He was actively involved in student politics and later in the 1930s also got involved in the activities of the Agrarian League. Although neither farmer nor Member of Parliament, Sukselainen was elected chairman of the Agrarian League in 1945. His chairmanship lasted nearly two decades, until 1964, and his contributions were mainly in the area of political economy and social policy. Sukselainen was a member of parliament almost without interruption from 1948 to 1978, and was Speaker in 1956-58, 1968-69 and 1972-75. Sukselainen occupied the post of Minister of Finance in 1950-51 and 1954, Minister of the Interior in 1951-53, and Prime Minister in 1957 and 1959-61. He also served as a university lecturer and professor of political economy throughout the 1940s and 50s, director of the Social Insurance Institution of Finland in 1954-71 and Chancellor of the University of Tampere in 1969-78. A founder of the Family Federation, Sukselainen was also its ? rst chairman from 1941 until 1971. Sukselainen and Elma Bondn, M.A., married on 6 July 1938 and had four children. V.J. Sukselainen died in 1995. .
Hypospadias : gene mapping and candidate gene studies
Cornerstones
The Routledge companion to philosophy and film
A computer program for point-source microwave continuum observation (FIVE) : program document. Vol. 1 : User's manual
The aim of this thesis is to devise novel co-primary spectrum sharing (CoPSS) methods for future fifth generation (5G) networks and beyond. The target is to improve data rates of small cell networks (SCNs) in which mobile network operators (MNOs) share their dedicated frequency spectrum (spectrum pooling) or a common spectrum (mutual renting). The performance of the proposed methods is assessed through extensive system-level simulations.MNOs typically acquire exclusive usage rights for certain frequency bands and have little incentive to share spectrums with other operators. However, due to higher cost and spectrum scarcity at lower frequencies it is expected that efficient use of the spectrum in 5G networks will rely more on spectrum sharing than exclusive licenses. This is especially true for new higher candidate frequencies (> 6 GHz) that do not have a pre-existing spectrum regulation framework.In the first part of the thesis, we tackle the challenge of providing higher data rates within limited spectral resources. Each SCN MNO has its own dedicated spectrum, and each MNO defines a percentage of how much its spectrum it is willing to share. The idea of the proposed CoPSS algorithms is that the spectrum is dynamically shared among MNOs based on their spectrum utilization, which is shared among MNOs in the network. This way interference can be avoided and spectrum utilization is maximized. Unused resources are shared equally between overloaded MNOs for a given time instant. Thus, only short-term fairness among overloaded SCNs can be guaranteed.In the second part, we consider a multi-operator small cell network where MNOs share a common pool of radio resources. The goal is to ensure the long term fairness of spectrum sharing without coordination among small cell base stations. We develop a decentralized control mechanism for base stations using the Gibbs sampling based learning tool, which allocates suitable amount of the spectrum for each base station while avoiding interference from SCNs and maximizing the total network throughput.In the studied scenarios, we show the importance of coordination among MNOs when the dedicated spectrum is shared. However, when MNOs share a common spectrum, a decentralized control mechanism can be used to allocate suitable amounts of spectrum for each base station. The proposed algorithms are shown to be effective for different network layouts, by achieving significant data rate enhancements with a low overhead.
From fear to flow : personality and information interaction
Personality assessment and self-other rating agreement : moderators and implications of agreement
Regulation of hepatic glucose homeostasis and Cytochrome P450 enzymes by energy-sensing coactivator PGC-1α
Lysyl hydroxylases:characterization of mouse lysyl hydroxylases and generation of genetically modified lysyl hydroxylase 3 mouse lines
Reconstructing Draupadi : the reclamation and articulation of the feminine self in Saoli Mitra's Nathavati Anathavat ('Five Lords, yet none a protector')
Hot or Not? Personality and attraction on the dance floor
Chinese bronzes from the Collection of Chester Dale and Dolly Carter
Claiming Tribal Identity : the Five tribes and the politics of federal acknowledgment
Performing the visual : the practice of Buddhist wall painting in China and Central Asia, 618-960
You're the voice
The complete guide to the music of Michael Jackson & the Jackson Family
Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry study of two biochemical alcohol markers
Death of a clown
Music for women's chorus and harp : a study of the repertory and an analysis and performance of selected compositions
The gods of the ancient Slavs : Tatishchev and the beginnings of Slavic mythology
Functional autoradiography as a pharmacological approach for studying G protein-coupled lipid receptor signalling
HTML5 foundations
From Fear to Flow explores how personality traits may influence attitude, behaviour and reaction to information. Consideration is made for Individual differences in information behaviour and reasons behind individual search differences. The book explores personality and information behaviour and discusses how personality may influence the attitude towards information, information behaviour, and reaction to information. Reaction to information is examined in contexts such as everyday life, decision-making, work, studies and human-computer interaction. This title introduces a little researched area which is current and needed in our Information Age. It combines knowledge from psychology and information studies.
The wonders of the human voice
Five Percenter rap : God hop's music, message, and black Muslim mission
China : dawn of a golden age, 200-750 AD
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
100-year Anniversary of the Birth of V.J. Sukselainen, Founder of Väestöliitto
Selected poems and pictures of the Tang Dynasty = Jingxuan tangshi yu tanghua
Multi-purpose whole-body vibration measurement and evaluation system
The portraits of Charles V of France (1338-1380)
Michael Jackson : the visual documentary
The hobbit : the battle of the five armies : visual companion
Transcriptional regulation of the hepatic cytochrome <em>P450 2a5</em> gene
Training Guide : programming in HTML5 with JavaScript and CSS3
Anvil! : the story of Anvil
The Five Percenters : Islam, hip hop and the gods of New York
Personality disorders and the five-factor model of personality
Club For Five
The man who sold himself
In vitro modelling of tau phosphorylating kinases : emphasis on Cdk5
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
Unfabulous Five
Feeding the five thousand : studies in the Judaic background of Mark 6:30-44 par. and John 6:1-15
MJ : the genius of Michael Jackson
Red head : a chronological survey of "Red" Nichols and his Five Pennies
Negative regulation of Drosophila immune response
Windows Server 2008 R2 Hyper-V : insider's guide to Microsoft's Hypervisor
In Making the DSM-5, prominent experts delve into the debate about psychiatric nosology and examine the conceptual and pragmatic issues underlying the new manual. While retracing the historic controversy over DSM, considering the political context and economic impact of the manual, and focusing on what was revised or left unchanged in the new edition, this timely volume addresses the main concerns of the future of psychiatry and questions whether the DSM legacy can truly improve the specialty and advance its goals.
The roles of virulence factors Us3 and γ<sub>1</sub>34.5 during different phases of HSV-1 life cycle
The hobbit : the battle of the five armies : official movie guide
Huai-su and the beginnings of wild cursive script in Chinese calligraphy
Music before 1600
Chinese gold & silver in American collections : Tang Dynasty, A.D. 618-907
Secure communication and data processing challenges in the industrial internet
Black house
Premiere Pro is a powerful, timeline-based video editing software, and this personal training course uses a full-color book plus video tutorials on DVD to teach you how to use all its features. Fifteen self-paced lessons encourage you to discover the creative possibilities that Adobe’ s Premiere Pro presents. Step-by-step directions, lesson files, and an instructional video demonstrate the many exciting features of Premiere Pro. You can learn from leading instructors, and do it at your own pace.
Hobbit : the battle of the five armies : chronicles : art & design
Sibling relationships in the Famous five by Enid Blyton
The potential of prolyl oligopeptidase as a drug target
Polymer integrated Young interferometers for label-free biosensing applications
Wan wan de yue ling ; Brothers in arms
The Ottoman Road to War in 1914 : The Ottoman Empire and the First World War
Are you a fan of 5 Seconds of Summer, One Direction, The Vamps and other similar bands? Do you want to know all the inside info on your favourite music acts, from how they first got together to their relationships, likes, dislikes and interesting facts previously known only to those closest to the bands themselves? If so, then this is the book for you. Containing one hundred facts on each band (plus one final bonus fact on 5SOS) this book will make you the master of all rock and pop knowledge! So whether it’s Harry Styles and his mates, Luke Hemmings & co, Brad Simpson and friends or any of the other seven groups featured, this is the perfect book for you!
Co-primary multi-operator resource sharing for small cell networks
Adenovirus endocytosis and adenoviral gene transfer in cardiovascular and dermatologic disease models
Expression of lysyl hydroxylases and characterization of a novel disorder caused by mutations in the lysyl hydroxylase 3 gene
Industry and traffic related particles and their role in human health
There is no crime for those who have Christ : religious violence in the Christian Roman Empire
Roles of <em>Wnt4/5a</em> in germ cell differentiation and gonad development &amp; <em>ErbB4</em> in polarity of kidney epithelium
Psychedelic singalongs for stadiums
Quine versus Davidson : truth, reference, and meaning
Personality affects musical emotion processing : an fMRI-study
Echoes of the Old Testament in the wine of Cana in Galilee (John 2: 1-11) and the multiplication of the loaves and fish (John 6: 1-15) : towards an appreciation
The best 2 lp 1327-1328
Kentōshi to Tō no bijutsu = Cultural crossings : Tang art and the Japanese envoys
Abstract: An entrepreneur's personality and its impact on the firm's growth : an analysis through the Big Five theory.
The role of Dkk1 and Wnt5a in mammalian kidney development and disease
A computer program for point-source microwave continuum observation (FIVE) : program document
Human lysyl hydroxylases : characterization of a novel isoenzyme and its gene, determination of the domain structure of the lysyl hydroxylase polypeptides and generation of knock-out mice for the novel isoenzyme
Year zero : a history of 1945
Nations remembered : an oral history of the five civilized tribes, 1865-1907
The cycles of Finnish progressive rock
Race, Religion and Law in Colonial India : Trials of an Interracial Family
The revised NEO Personality Inventory : clinical and research applications
Pragmatic a priori knowledge : a pragmatic approach to the nature and object of what can be known independently of experience
Who counts as an American Indian? Which groups qualify as Indian tribes? These questions have become increasingly complex in the past several decades, and federal legislation and the rise of tribal-owned casinos have raised the stakes in the ongoing debate. In this revealing study, historian Mark Edwin Miller describes how and why dozens of previously unrecognized tribal groups in the southeastern states have sought, and sometimes won, recognition, often to the dismay of the Five Tribe--the Cherokees, Chickasaws, Choctaws, Creeks, and Seminoles. -- Publisher website.
Jamming (with Mr. Hoagland) : This could be the start of something
Two pioneers of Altaic studies in a biographical retrospective
Indian removal : the emigration of the Five Civilized Tribes of Indians
Role of altered pH homeostasis and hypoxia in the phenotypic changes of cancer cells
Twentieth century spies
Let the good times roll : the story of Louis Jordan and his music
Get the inside scoop on Hyper-V for Windows Server 2008 R2. Virtualization is a top priority for thousands of companies all over the world. Written by an author team that is part of the Windows virtualization group at Microsoft, Windows Server 2008 R2 Hyper-V will walk you through Hyper-V essentials so you can get you up to speed and down to business with Hyper-V. Now fully updated for Windows Server 2008 R2 Hyper-V, you will find additional content on new features and capabilities such as Live Migration and support for 64 Logical Processors (LP). Teaches how to manage virtual machines with the latest System Center tools such as Virtual Machine Manager 2008 R2, Data Protection Manager 2010, and Operations Manager 2007 R2. Covers all of the new functionalities of Windows Server 2008 R2 Hyper-V, including Live Migration, 64 LP support, Processor Compatibility Mode, enhanced processor functionality support, hot-add and remove of storage, TCP Offload support, and VM Queue support. Demonstrates key scenarios for Hyper-V, including server consolidation, testing and development, Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery, and Dynamic IT. Provides step-by-step instructions and examples. This insiders guide will help you get the most out of your hardware and reduce cost with Windows Server 2008 R2 Hyper-V. --
Folklore Fellows' Summer School 1999 : personal recollections by Sinikka, Kanaka Durga, Nasanbayar, Nino, Aaron, Laura, Marilena, Karen and Sabine
Social Mobility in Late Antique Gaul : Strategies and Opportunities for the Non-Elite
Louis Armstrong's Hot Five and Hot Seven recordings
Making the DSM-5 : concepts and controversies
