http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p769 vocal music
vocal music
The phoenix rising
Choral music by Bob Chilcott
An ode for music : 11 analyses of choral compositions of Zoltán Kodály
The canzone villanesca alla napolitana : social, cultural and historical contexts
A song for Saint Cecilia's day
A guide to the Latin American art song repertoire : an annotated catalog of twentieth-century art songs for voice and piano
Music, text and translation
Woman's songs in ancient Greece
Jesus' blood never failed me yet
The English glee in the reign of George III : participatory art music for an urban society
Singer's repertoire. Part 2, Mezzo soprano and contralto
A painted tale
The opera singer's career guide : understanding the European Fach system
The judgement of Paris ; Three mad songs
More Christmas hits
The divine Kura tribe : kuravanci and other prabandhams
40 songs for voice and piano : low
Music of the Early Renaissance : John Dubstable and his contemporaries
A London symphony
Weihnachten durch die Jahrhunderte = Christmas throughout the centuries
Singer's repertoire. Part 1, coloratura soprano, lyric soprano and dramatic soprano
In the heart of things
Analysing musical multimedia
Healing sounds : the power of harmonics
The roadside tavern
Fifty songs. Book 1 for high voice
Making words sing : nineteenth- and twentieth-century song
A new way of making fowre parts in counterpoint
Singer's repertoire. Part 1, Coloratura soprano, lyric soprano and dramatic soprano
Captain Humes Poeticall Musicke. Volume 2: Music for Viols, Lute & Voice
I don't wanna be your Christmas tree
The Fischer-Dieskau book of lieder : the original texts of over seven hundred and fifty songs
Giving voice to love : song and self-expression from the troubadours to Guillaume de Machaut
Singer's repertoire. Part 2, mezzo soprano and contralto
Byzantine music and hymnography
Essays in Musical Analysis : Volume V: Vocal music
The concert song companion : a guide to the classical repertoire
Songs in Go for it!3- text- and workbooks
London calling!
Tell me, lovely shepherd : from Solomon a serenata : air
Miranda's lament : 2000 version. Score
Tonal allegory in the vocal music of J. S. Bach
The penguin book of christmas carols
Electronic works. Vol. 1
Parry to Finzi : twenty English song-composers
I don't belong
Singer's repertoire. Part 3, lyric and dramatic tenor
O king : for voice and five players
Choral music of
Prolongation in early post-tonal music : analytical examples and theoretical priciples
The Singing Club
Sitting by the streams : Psalms, ayres and dialogues
The wordsmith's guide to English song : poetry, music & imagination. Volume II, The songs of Ivor Gurney
Message, meaning, and lessons in hip hop : "lessons are blessings you should learn through"
Art songs and arias : medium/low voice
The 50 greatest pieces of classical music
How to pronounce Finnish : an approximate comparison to standard English : a guide for choral directors and singers
Cinco canciones negras = Five black songs : for medium voice and piano
Songs for voice and piano : Cargoes
Careless whispers : the life & career of George Michael
Songs, scribes, and society : the history and reception of the Loire Valley chansonniers
Classroom projects : incredible music made by children in schools
Summer's last will and testament
Uncovers the unexplored history of the love song, from the fertility rites of ancient cultures to the sexualized YouTube videos of the present day, and discusses such topics as censorship, the legacy of love songs, and why it is a dominant form of modern musical expression.
Musick for Severall Friends
Living voices and other choral works
Songs and chamber music
Laulupedagogi 2000-2001 : International congress of voice teachers = 5th ICVT Helsinki : Helsinki Finland 12-16 August 2001 : Voice and identity, singing the music of the world
Celestial sirens : nuns and their music in early modern Milan
Music and song in Persia : the art of āvāz
Brahms's Lieder : an introduction to the songs for one and two voices
The monstrous new art : divided forms in the late medieval motet
The Solent : fifty years of music by Ralph Vaughan Williams
Singer's repertoire. Part 4, baritone and bass
St. Petersburg Court Chant and the tradition of Eastern Slavic church singing
The wordsmith's guide to English song : poetry, music & imagination. Volume I, The songs of Robert Quilter
Music for a while : songs
All shall be well
The image of melancholy
A festival of psalms
Six romances on verses by English poets
55 songs : low voice
The starlight express
Cease, anxious world = Cesse, humanité inquiète : songs & chamber music
Northern lights
Identity, intertextuality, and performance in early modern song culture
Legendary voices
Krzysztof Penderecki : musica sacra - musica profana : a study of vocal-instrumental music
Loveś Philosophy
Down by the sea : a collection of British folk songs
Mor lilla mor = Mother, dear mother
Nox ; Bim Bam Bum ; Fåglarna ; Hathor Suite
St John Passion (Passio secundum Johannes, BWV 245) : for solo voices, SATB chorus and orchestra
55 songs : high voice
Prospero's books : Music by Michael Nyman from the film by Peter Greenaway
Monteverdi and the end of the Renaissance
Songs of Sunset - An Arabesque - A Mass of Life
Singer's repertoire. Part 3, Lyric and dramatic tenor
I hate music! : a cycle of five kid songs : medium/low voice
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
The song of the stars : British music for upper voice choir
Singer's repertoire. Part 4, Baritone and bass
A history of song
Sweet Philomel : Madrigal by John Ward
A dictionary of vocal themes
The songs of Hugo Wolf
Love songs : the hidden history
A Dictionary of opera and song themes : including cantatas, oratorios, lieder and art songs
Voice of spring : concert
Khyāl : a study in Hindustānī classical vocal music. Vol. 1, Text
Eternity's sunrise
A gentill Jhesu : Music from the Fayrfax Manuscript and Henry VIII's Book
Children's perception of emotion in music : a cross-cultural study
The caryāpadas
Odes for Queen Mary
Music for the voice : A descriptive list of concert and teaching material
There Were Three Ravens :  Songs, rounds and catches by Thomas Ravenscroft
A Dictionary of vocal themes
The beggar's opera : op. 43
Hymn to Thais : Hymni Thaisille = Hymn till Thais
The carol album : seven centuries of Christmas music
Historical anthology of music. [2], Baroque, Rococo, and pre-classical music
Cuatro madrigales amatorios : High voice and piano
The Songs of Robert Schumann
Art songs and arias : high voice
Songs by Sibelius, Strauss and Berg
Singing the self : guitar poetry, community, and identity in the post-Stalin period
Works for large chorus and orchestra
Vocal chamber music : a performer's guide
Here we gather
I'm a stranger here myself
Songs from Rosseter's book of ayres
Songs in motion : rhythm and meter in the German lied
Venus' wheel
Historical anthology of music. [1], Oriental, medieval and Renaissance music
Ten early songs : middle voice and piano
Stabat Mater : for contralto and string quartet or string orchestra
The Penguin book of Canadian folk songs
Ave Maria : für Gesang und Guitar = for voice and guitar
Let the bright Seraphim
Fast cats and mysterious cows : songs from America
A dictionary of opera and song themes : including cantatas, oratorios, lieder, and art songs
Complete Odes and Welcome Songs. Volume 4
The German Lied after Hugo Wolf : from Hans Pfitzner to Anton Webern
Excellence : the artistry of Karita Mattila
Bryn Terfel sings favourites
Singing in style : a guide to vocal performance practices
Songs for the ten voices of the two prophets
New eyes on baroque
Khyāl : a study in Hindustānī classical vocal music. Vol. 2, Musical transcriptions
Music for children = Schulwerk
Night sessions
Songs and musicians in the fifteenth century
English ayres and duets
MagnifiCathy : the many voices of Cathy Berberian
The ancient question : ...a voyage through Jewish songs
I'm coming Virginia
Roždestvo i Novyi god : pesennik s audiopriloženijem na CD = Christmas and New Year : songbook, audio supplement on CD
Mario Lanza : singing to the gods
