http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7693 party leaders
party leaders
Political leadership, parties and citizens : the personalisation of leadership
China's leaders : the new generation
Platform or personality? : the role of party leaders in elections
Stalin. Volume I, Paradoxes of power, 1878-1928
The ayatollahs' democracy : an Iranian challenge
Stalin. Volume 1, Paradoxes of power, 1878-1928
Stalin. Volume 1, Paradoxes of power
Regulations on the work of selecting and appointing leading party and government cadres
Young Stalin
Leadership and succession in the Soviet Union, Eastern Europe and China
Stalin : a biography
Palme, Olof (1927-1986)
Stalin and his hangmen : the tyrant and those who killed for him
Political leadership in liberal democracies
China's new rulers : the secret files
Lenin and Leninism : state, law, and society
Mao and the Chinese revolution : with thirty-seven poems by Mao Tse-tung
Margaret Thatcher : the iron lady
The government of the Soviet Union
The Conservatives are back - but what took them so long? Why did the world's oldest and most successful political party dump Margaret Thatcher only to commit electoral suicide under John Major? Just as importantly, what stopped the Tories getting their act together until David Cameron came along? And what did Cameron do that William Hague, Iain Duncan Smith and Michael Howard couldn't or wouldn't? Has the Tory leader changed his party as much as he claims? Or has his leadership involved more compromise - and more Conservatism - than we realise? The answers, as this accessible and gripping book shows, are as intriguing and provocative as the questions. Based on in-depth research and interviews with the key players, Tim Bale explains how and why the Tories got themselves into so much trouble - and how and why they were eventually able to rediscover their winning ways. The answer, he suggests, lies in the people, the power structures, the ideas, and the very different interests of those involved. "The Conservative Party: From Thatcher to Cameron" is a must-read for anyone wanting to understand what makes the Tories tick.
Leadership of the Central Committee of the CPSU
Leadership and organizational change
Essays on political representation
Freedom from fear : and other wrightings
Political will and personal belief : the decline and fall of Soviet communism
The Conservative Party : from Thatcher to Cameron
Tony Blair's own account of his political life, his rise to power, his life on the world stage, and the clashes, controversies and triumphs of one of the most successful political careers of modern times.
Paper cadavers : the archives of dictatorship in Guatemala
The uncertainties of Putin's democracy : conference proceedings
The Haider phenomenon in Austria
Mao : the unknown story
Who's who in the socialist countries : a biographical encyclopedia of 10,000 leading personalities in 16 communist countries
"Thirty years ago, China was emerging from one of the most traumatic periods in its history. The Chinese people had been ravaged by long years of domestic struggle, terrible famine and economic and political isolation. Today, China has the world's second largest economy and is a major player in global diplomacy. This volume, written by some of the leading experts in the field, tracks China's extraordinary transformation from the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949, through the Great Leap Forward, the Cultural Revolution, and the death of Chairman Mao, to its dynamic rise as a superpower in the twenty-first century. The latest edition of the book includes a new introduction and a seventh chapter which focuses on the legacy of Deng Xiaoping, the godfather of China's transformation, under his successors Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao. Under Mao, China challenged the outside world ideologically and militarily. Today China's challenge as an economic and diplomatic superpower may prove even more formidable. As a comprehensive and authoritative appraisal of China's last sixty years, this book will be invaluable for professionals working in the region and for students assessing what China will mean for their futures" -- Publisher's description.
A good comrade : János Kádár, communism and Hungary
The good communist : elite training and state building in today's China
On China
Women political leaders and the media
A journey : my political life
Lenin : a biography
Party elites in divided societies : political parties in consociational democracy
The Soviet century
Machiavelli's children : leaders and their legacies in Italy and Japan
"Has China become just another capitalist country in a socialist cloak? Will the Chinese Communist Party's rule survive the next ten years of modernization and globalization? Frank Pieke investigates these conundrums in this fascinating account of how government officials are trained for placement in the Chinese Communist Party. Through in-depth interviews with staff members and aspiring trainees, he shows that while the Chinese Communist Party has undergone a radical transformation since the revolutionary years under Mao, it is still incumbent upon cadres, who are selected through a highly rigorous process, to be ideologically and politically committed to the party. It is the lessons learnt through their teachers that shape the political and economic decisions they will make in power. The book offers unique insights into the structure and the ideological culture of the Chinese government, and how it has reinvented itself over the last three decades as a neo-socialist state"--Provided by publisher.
The presidentialization of political parties : organizations, institutions and leaders
Mao Zedong, Zhou Enlai and the evolution of the Chinese communist leadership
Harper's team : behind the scenes in the Conservative rise to power
Kurt Schumacher : a study in personality and political behavior
Lenin : a revolutionary life
The government and politics of France
Hitler's last day : minute by minute
In the game of Kremlin players take the part of political factions out to seize sovereignty of Russia through the Communist party's offices, whether by bureaucratic intrigue of assassination! Are you up to the challenge, Comrade Tovarich?
Hugh Gaitskell
CEO, China : the rise of Xi Jinping
When heroes pass away : the invention of a Chinese Communist pantheon
The personalisation of Swedish politics : party leaders in the election coverage 1979-2010
The bells of the Kremlin : an experience in communism
Stalin. Vol. 1, Paradoxes of power, 1878-1928
The politics of China : sixty years of the People's Republic of China
Alexander Pantsov and Steven Levine's new biography of Deng Xiaoping does what no other biography has done: based on newly discovered documents, it covers his entire life, from his childhood and student years to the post-Tiananmen era. Thanks to unprecedented access to Russian archives containing massive files on the Chinese Communist Party, the authors present a wealth of new material on Deng dating back to the 1920s.
Stalin's shadow : inside the family of one of the world's greatests tyrants
Winston Churchill : the wilderness years : speaking out against Hitler in the prelude to war
Deng Xiaoping : a revolutionary life
Media and the presidentialization of parliamentary elections
The audacity of hope : thoughts on reclaiming the American Dream
The private life of Chairman Mao : the memoirs of Mao's personal physician
Towards leadership democracy : the changing balance of power in three Finnish political parties 1983-2012
Angela Merkel : the chancellor and her world
Electing and ejecting party leaders in Britain
"Kiss the hand you cannot bite" : the rise and fall of the Ceausescus
My life and reforms
The last Afrikaner leaders : a supreme test of power
