http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7697 behaviorism
behaviorism
Core questions in philosophy : a text with readings
Key thinkers in psychology
Competency-based education and behavioral objectives
Against behaviouralism : a critique of behavioural science
INTRODUCTION TO PERSONALITY
Advances in applied microeconomics. Vol. 13, Experimental and behavioral economics
The study of human nature : a reader
Educational psychology reader : The art and science of how people learn
Modern philosophy of mind
A framework for political analysis
Readings in philosophy of psychology. Vol. 1
Rational emotive behaviour therapy : 100 key points and techniques
Behavioral genetics in the postgenomic era
Understanding consumer choice
Psychoneural reduction : the new wave
The new behaviorism
George Herbert Mead : critical assessments. Vol. 3
Strategies for resolving individual and family problems
Beyond freedom and dignity
The pseudo-science of B. F. Skinner
"Subject Areas/Keywords: behaviorism, cognitive processing, constructivism, educational psychology, literacy development, literacy instruction, models, reading, research methods, social learning, teaching, theories, theorists, theory. Description: This widely adopted text explores key theories and models that frame reading instruction and research. Readers learn why theory matters in designing and implementing high-quality instruction and research; how to critically evaluate the assumptions and beliefs that guide their own work; and what can be gained by looking at reading through multiple theoretical lenses. For each theoretical model, classroom applications are brought to life with engaging vignettes and teacher reflections. Research applications are discussed and illustrated with descriptions of exemplary studies"--
Approaches to learning : a guide for teachers
Natural signs : a theory of intentionality
The analysis of mind
The cognitive revolution in psychology
Protocol analysis : verbal reports as data
Behaviourism and the limits of scientific method
Psychology in perspective
Mind, self, and society : from the standpoint of a social behaviorist
The concept of mind
An introduction to behavioral economics
The role of theoretical concepts in neobehavioristic theories
A brief history of modern psychology
Psychology and adult learning
J. B. Watson, the founder of behaviourism : a biography
Comprehensive handbook of personality and psychopathology. Vol. 1 : Personality and everyday functioning
Control : a history of behavioral psychology
Mental reality
Body and mind
Psychology for the classroom : behaviourism
Philosophy of mind
The principles of learning and behavior
Cognition, creativity and behavior : selected essays
Lenses on reading : an introduction to theories and models
The natural science of human species : an introduction to comparative behavioral research : the "Russian Manuscript" (1944-1948)
Philosophy of psychology
Paradigms of personality
The war between mentalism and behaviorism : on the accessibility of mental processes
Learning and learner autonomy
Learning theory and classroom practice in the lifelong learning sector
Performance management : the effects of paradigms, underlying theory and intrinsic processes
On synthetizing research stemming from different methodological ground positions
Mind, self, and society
Ways of learning : learning theories and learning styles in the classroom
Complacency : the foundation of human behavior
Learning as self-organization
Changing behaviours : on the rise of the psychological state
Mind, self & society : from the standpoint of a social behaviorist
Behavior analysis and learning
Science and human behavior
Behaviorism
Understanding behaviorism : science, behavior and culture
Comparing theories of child development
A history of psychology : original sources and contemporary research
Measurement theory for the behavioral sciences
B.F. Skinner : a life
Principles of everyday behavior analysis
Understanding behaviorism : behavior, culture, and evolution
Psychological explanation : an introduction to the philosophy of psychology
The inner life of a rational agent : in defence of philosophical behaviourism
Exotic preferences : behavioral economics and human motivation
The third edition of "A History of Psychology" is a highly readable compendium of primary source writings from the founders of psychology and works by more contemporary historians. The revised reader includes 17 new articles, 10 of which were written after 2000. The coverage is universal and global - from Locke, Wundt and Skinner to modern scholars such as Henning Schmidgen, Sir Frederic C. Bartlett and George Mandler. The book introduces students to the philosophy and methods of historical research and writing, linking primary source readings with contemporary articles; covers Applied Psychology, Clinical Psychology, and historical treatments of race and gender; and promotes History of Psychology as an active research specialty. This is a perfect compliment to Benjamin's "Brief History of Modern Psychology".
Attention and self-regulation : a control-theory approach to human behavior
The psychology book
George Herbert Mead : self, language, and the world
Punished by rewards : the trouble with gold stars, incentive plans, A's, praise, and other bribes
Approaches to psychology
Cognitive-behavioural therapy : research and practice in health and social care
Building on the features which have been successful characteristics of the previous editions, this revision will retain the same underlying focus and conceptual structure, but will be modified to reflect changes in the discipline as well as insights based on feedback from students and faculty using the text. The central concept of "Approaches to Psychology" is reflected in the title: that psychology is a complex discipline based on a variety of approaches to understanding human behaviour. The rationale for this structure has been, and remains, that examining the origins and central concepts of the major approaches is an effective way of presenting an introduction to the field."Approaches to Psychology" offers a compact introductory text which presents the content in a readable, understandable way, based on a structure which is both distinguishable from other texts and already 'field-tested'. The same basic structure will be retained in the new edition. Essentially, this means an initial introductory chapter, chapters devoted to each of the five major approaches, and chapters which provide a comparative analysis of how the approaches can be applied to the same central issues (development, social behaviour, and abnormal behaviour). In addition, there will be a summary chapter, as well as an appendix which examines research methods and statistical analysis.
Context and cognition : interpreting complex behavior
Behaviorism and logical positivism : a reassessment of the alliance
The explanation of behaviour
The philosophy of psychology
The human image and postmodern America
Without/within : behaviorism and humanism
The structure of behavior
An Introduction to Behavioral Economics offers a comprehensive and up-to-date introduction to what is one of the most rapidly advancing areas in economics today. It considers the debates in this field through a cross-disciplinary approach that incorporates insights from economics and other social sciences, as well as evolutionary biology and neuroscience. This edition features: * two new chapters, Chapter 2 on methodology and Chapter 4 on beliefs, heuristics and biases * fully revised content, including expanded material on neuroeconomics, rationality, and behavioral game theory * a large number of real-life case studies and examples, as well as review questions.
Belief, attitude, intention and behavior : an introduction to theory and research
Correlational and structural explanations in psychology. 1 : a methodological classification of psychological theories
An introduction to the philosophy of mind
Theories in educational psychology : concise guide to meaning and practice
Certainties and doubts : collected papers, 1962-1985
The science of self-control
Theories of personality
Finance and Psychology - A never-ending love story?! : behavioural finance and its impact on the credit crunch in 2009
Beyond the box : B. F. Skinner's technology of behavior from laboratory to life, 1950s-1970s
B. F. Skinner : a fresh appraisal
Toward a new behaviorism : the case against perceptual reductionism
Psychology of learning for instruction
Rational emotive behaviour therapy : theoretical developments
The psychology of B.F. Skinner
Perspectives on learning
Masters of social psychology : Freud, Mead, Lewin, and Skinner
Species of mind : the philosophy and biology of cognitive ethology
Wittgenstein's "Inner and Outer" : Overcoming Epistemic Asymmetry
