http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7695 political leaders
political leaders
Molotov's magic lantern : uncovering Russia's secret history
Genghis Khan : the man who conquered the world
Gadafi : voice from the desert
Gandhi's passion : the life and legacy of Mahatma Gandhi
Images of war : the rise of Hitler : rare photographs from wartime archives
Federalism and ethnic management in Nigeria
Somalia : between devils and deep sea
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Hitler. Ascent, 1889-1939
Political leadership : towards a general analysis
Leadership
Gandhi, CEO : 14 principles to guide & inspire modern leaders
The Ashgate research companion to political leadership
CEO, China : the rise of Xi Jinping
Hitler's mind : a plunge into madness
Pages from Lenin's life
China's road to disaster : Mao, central politicians, and provincial leaders in the unfolding of the great leap forward, 1955-1959
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
Prophets of the revolution : profiles of Latin American leaders
THE INTERNATIONAL YEAR BOOK AND STATESMEN'S...56
The political role of women
Kim Il Sung. I: short biography
The prophet : the life of Leon Trotsky : the one-volume edition
Franco : a biographical history
Thinking about leadership
Revolution and political leadership : Algeria, 1954-1968
Local political leadership in Europe : town chief, city boss or loco president?
Vienna and the young Hitler
Syria : revolution from above
The life of Mahatma Gandhi
The conference of heads of state or government of non-aligned countries : Belgrade, September 1-6, 1961.
The autobiography of Fidel Castro
The political elite of Iran
Conspirator : Lenin in exile
An african biographical dictionary
Words that made American history : selected readings. [2], Since the Civil War
Charismatic leadership and the role of image in modern politics : charismatic effects and the problem of political presence : the case of Finland in the 1980s
The prime minister's ironing board and other state secrets : true stories from the government archives
Government leaders, military rulers, and political activists
Conscience and power : an examination of dirty hands and political leadership
Cheney : a revealing portrait of America's most powerful vice president
Leaders of Russia and the Soviet Union : from the Romanov dynasty to Vladimir Putin
Sebestyen's biography is the first major work in English for nearly two decades on one of the most significant figures of the twentieth century. In Russia to this day Lenin inspires adulation. Everywhere, he continues to fascinate as a man who made history, and who created a new kind of state that would later be imitated by nearly half the countries in the world. Lenin believed that the 'the political is the personal', and while in no way ignoring his political life, Sebestyen's focus will be on Lenin the man - a man who loved nature almost as much as he loved making revolution, and whose closest ties and friendships were with women. The long-suppressed story of his menage a trois with his wife, Nadezhda Krupskaya, and his mistress and comrade, Inessa Armand, reveals a different character to the coldly one-dimensional figure of legend. Told through the prism of Lenin's key relationships, Sebestyen casts a new light the Russian Revolution, one of the great turning points of modern history.
Mandela's way : fifteen lessons on life, love, and courage
Joseph Chamberlain 1836-1914 : a bibliography
A history of ancient Greece in fifty lives
Fidel & Che : a revolutionary friendship
The Hitler years : a photographic documentary
Khomeini's ghost
Adolf Hitler
There is a long tradition in leadership research, of focusing attention on the great and successful leaders and, more recently, on issues of good governance. This study breaks new ground by looking systematically into the manifestations and causes of poor leadership and bad governance in some of the world's most powerful democracies. Focusing on the presidents and prime ministers of the G8 - the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, Russia, and Japan - it explores the complex relationship between weak and ineffective leadership, undemocratic leadership techniques, and bad policies from a broad comparative perspective. What makes leaders weak or bad in different contexts? What are the consequences of their actions and behavior? And has there been any learning from negative experience? These questions are the center of this fascinating joint inquiry that involves a team of truly distinguished leadership scholars. This book will prove invaluable for scholars and students of leadership, political science, contemporary history, and related academic disciplines. Readers with a general interest in public affairs and political history will also find plenty to interest them.
Hitler : Ascent 1889-1939
Mandela's way : lessons in life
The recruitment of political leaders : a study of citizen-politicians
Stalin : a biography
Flawed succession : Russia's power transfer crises
The government of the Soviet Union
An autobiography, or the story of my experiments with truth
National Leaders and the making of Europe : key episodes in the life of the European Council
The political leaders, writers, artists and philosophers of ancient Greece turned a small group of city states into a pan-Mediterranean civilization, whose legacy can be found everywhere today. But who were these people, what do we know of their lives and how did they interact with one another? In this new history of Greece, David Stuttard takes an original approach, weaving together the lives of the movers and shakers of the Greek world into a continuous narrative, from the early tyrant rulers Peisistratus and Polycrates, through the stirrings of democracy under Cleisthenes to the emergence of Macedon under Philip II and Alexander the Great and the eventual decline of the Greek world with the rise of Rome.
Political leadership in India : an analysis of elite attitudes
Mexico : biography of power : a history of modern Mexico, 1810-1996
Mao : the unknown story
Given his status as arguably the most despised political figure in history, it is surprising that there have only been four serious biographies of the Fuhrer since the 1930s. Perhaps even more surprisingly, his biographers have been more interested in how he came to power and how he exercised his leadership than in Hitler the person. Yet to render Hitler as a political animal with no personality to speak of, as a man of limited intelligence and poor social skills, does little to explain the spell that he cast not only on those close to him but on the German people as a whole. In the first volume of this magisterial biography, Volker Ullrich sets out to correct our perception of the Fuhrer. While charting in detail Hitler's life from his childhood to the eve of the Second World War, Ullrich unveils the man behind the public persona: his charming and repulsive traits, his talents and weaknesses, his deep-seated insecurities and murderous passions.
Winners : and how they succeed
A preface to the psychological study of political leaders
A pictorial history of Adolf Hitler
Who's who 1981-1982 : nationalist leaders in Zimbabwe
Explaining Hitler : the search for the origins of his evil
Hitler's last day : minute by minute
The last of the giants
Crime and compromise : Janos Kadar and the politics of Hungary since revolution
The new Tsar : the rise and reign of Vladimir Putin
In our time : the speeches that shaped the modern world
The noodle maker of Kalimpong : the untold story of my struggle for Tibet
Shades of Mao : the posthumous cult of the great leader
Long walk to freedom
The meaning of Hitler
A history of Iraq
Kim Il Sung. II: short biography
A question of leadership : Gladstone to Thatcher
India after Gandhi : the history of the world's largest democracy
Poor leadership and bad governance
Freedom's daughter : letters between Indira Gandhi and Jawaharlar Nehru 1922-39
Lenin through the eyes of Lunacharsky : [selected articles, speeches, talks, reminiscences... about Vladimir Ilyich Lenin]
Toward leader democracy
Franco : the man and his nation
Lenin's childhood
Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
Indian summer : the secret history of the end of an empire
The unknown Stalin
Mandela : the authorised biography
China's leadership in the twenty-first century : the rise of the fourth generation
Political culture and leadership in Russia : from Lenin to Gorbachev
Aobama yanshuo ji = Selected Speeches of Barack Obama
Battling for peace : memoirs
Lenin the dictator : an intimate portrait
Inglourious basterds
Nelson Mandela
Piggy foxy and the sword of revolution : bolshevik self-portraits
One night in winter
The porcupine
Stalin : a beginner's guide
Gandhi : my life is my message
Nelson Mandela : the South African leader who was imprisoned for twenty-seven years for fighting against apartheid
Long walk to freedom : the autobiography of Nelson Mandela
Changing decision-making power of municipal leaders : comparative experiences from Finnish, Spanish and Slovak municipalities
THE RISE AND FALL OF STALIN
