http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p77 blindness
blindness
Success in Africa : the onchocerciasis control programme in West Africa, 1974-2002
Blindness : a novel
Developments and Innovations in Interpreting for Deafblind People
Visual impairment in Finnish children : prevalence, causes and morbidity of full-term and preterm children with visual impairment born from 1972 through 1989
Low vision assessment
Diagnosis of defective colour vision
Cockeyed : memoir
The series of plates designed as a test for colour-blindness
Blindsight and the nature of consciousness
Stumbling blocks before the blind : medieval constructions of a disability
Basic vision : an introduction to visual perception
Psychology of touch and blindness
Disability in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam : Sacred texts, historical traditions, and social analysis
Blindsight : a case study spanning 35 years and new developments
Blindness : the history of a mental image in western thought
Naisen tuoksu = Scent of a woman
Late effects of early visual deprivation on the monkey posterior parietal cortex and on the visually guided behaviour of man and monkey
Persons with deafblindness experience difficulties in daily life and they experience service to sometimes barrier. The overall aim of this thesis is therefore to discover, evaluate and explain: 1. mechanisms that might have impact on participation restrictions for people who have visual and hearing impairment i.e. deafblindness and 2. mechanisms that might barrier service to these people. Service is used as an umbrella term for health care, education and certain service for persons with disabilities. Materials from multiple sources have been used: literature (Study I No 96 papers). Interviews (Study I and V) with 32 and 3 adults with deafblindness respectively. Questionnaires (Study II and III): answered by 33 and 34 adults and youth with deafblindness. Patient records (Study IV and V): records from 9 and 3 adult females with USH I respectively. Materials mostly retrospectively cover the period from 2005 and about 40–50 years. Both quantitative and qualitative methods were used.International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF) were consequently used as a framework to describe as well as a tool to analyze mechanisms. Further, the Ecological approach, Disability as a laminated system and Life course approach were used in order to evaluate and explain mechanisms. The conclusions that can be drawn from an ecological, laminated and life course approach are: Participation restrictions for people with deafblindness are far-reaching and are embedded in a complex process of interaction between the person with deafblindness and the environment. Services entail systematical barriers. In order to improve service it is extremely important to understand the role of participation restrictions in deafblindness. Primary activity limitation is to not see and hear enough for comprehension. Hence, not taking part in the visible and audible world is primary participation restriction. Performing activities without basic information includes risk.One important aspect of deafblindness is exposure. Persons with deafblindness require rehabilitation in a life perspective. In order to increase people's participation and protection requirement of individually adapted support and assistive devices is necessary. ICF and the UN convention support service alterations.
Color ontology and color science
Sight and blindness in Luke-Acts : the use of physical features in characterization
Telling reality : folklore studies in memory of Bengt Holbek
Ghost heart
Memoirs of the blind : the self-portrait and other ruins
The mind's eye
Blindspots : the many ways we cannot see
Low vision : principles and practice
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 6, Somatosensation
Trichiasis surgery for trachoma
Implicit binding of facial features during change blindness
Memoirs of the blind : the self-portrait and other ruins / Jacques Derrida ; translated by Pascale-Anne Brault and Michael Naas
The Cardturner
A world without words : the social construction of children born deaf and blind
Explicit behavioral detection of visual changes develops without their implicit neurophysiological detectability
Blindness and children : an individual differences approach
Christmas wishes
Summary.
Includes stories of people who are able to navigate the world and communicate with others despite losing what many of us consider indispensable senses and faculties: the power of speech, the capacity to recognize faces, the sense of three-dimensional space, the ability to read, and the sense of sight. This book is a testament to the complexity of vision and the brain and to the power of creativity and adaptation, and it provides a whole new perspective on the power of language and communication, as we try to imagine what it is to perceive through another person's eyes, or another person's mind.
Cognition through color
The songs of blind folk : African American musicians and the cultures of blindness
The deafblind helpbook
The mystery of the eye and the shadow of blindness
The ocular examination : measurements and findings
Functional and anatomical brain networks : Brain networks during naturalistic auditory stimuli, tactile stimuli and rest. Functional network plasticity in early-blind subjects
The blind in French society from the Middle Ages to the century of Louis Braille
The island of the colour-blind and Cycad island
Molecular genetics of Usher syndrome -inherited deafness and blindness
By the shores of Silver Lake
The island of the colorblind and Cycad Island
On blindness : letters between Bryan Magee and Martin Milligan
Understanding and representing space : theory and evidence from the studies with blind and sighted children
Student teachers̕ concepts about blindness : a study in Morogoro, Tanzania
Seeing the blindness : body and history in dialogical relation
The respiratory chain Complex I and its function in Leber's hereditary optic neuropathy
Penthouse North
Motifs of blindness in Richard Wright's Native son
Not if I see you first
The island of the colour-blind and cycad island
At first sight
Event-related potentials reveal rapid registration of features of infrequent changes during change blindness
Blinding light
The day of the Triffids
Toward an aesthetics of blindness : an interdisciplinary response to Synge, Yeats, and Friel
This edited collection of essays critically examines how diverse religions of the world represent, understand, theologize, theorize and respond to disability and/or chronic illness. Contributors employ a wide variety of methodological approaches including ethnography, historical, cultural, or textual analysis, personal narrative, and theological/philosophical investigation.
Visual cortex activation in blind humans during sound discrimination
In the aftermath of the failed attempt to rescue her mother from General Kazan (now dead), Sasara must cope with the loss of allies and her new blindness / WorldCat.
The senses of touch : haptics, affects, and technologies
The manual of darkness
Blindsight : a case study and implications
The blind and blindness in literature of the Romantic period
The front
Impact on participation and service for persons with deafblindness
Candle in the window
Orchid of the Bayou : A deaf woman faces blindness
The story of my life
Defective colour vision : fundamentals, diagnosis and management
Plates for color vision testing
Effects of exposure to morning bright light in the blind and sighted controls
Deafblindness - understanding and caring
