http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p770 motets
motets
The Golden Age of English Polyphony
La renaissance anglaise : music in early 17th century England
Four motets : Complete edition SATB a cappella
Motets, anthems, fantasias & voluntaries
The complete motets. 5
The complete motets. 1
The flower of paradise : Marian devotion and secular song in medieval and Renaissance music
The complete motets. 12
Sacred music
The complete motets. 3
Mary and Elisabeth at Westminster Abbey : Sisters in hope of the resurrection
Heavenly harmonies
English Renaissance
A Medieval motet book : a collection of 13th century motets in various vocal and instrumental combinations
The motet in the age of Du Fay
Beyond all mortal dreams :  American a cappella
The motet as a formal type in Northern Italy ca. 1500.. Volume two
Home to thanksgiving : songs of thanks and praise
Schola Cantorum. 1
The complete motets. 19
Schola cantorum. 11
The complete motets. 8
Choral music
Motette zu einer Trauerfeier "O Jesu Christ, mein's Lebens Licht" fur Chor und Orchester BWV 118 = Motet for a funeral service "O Jesu Christ, my life and light" for chorus and orchestra BWV 118
Masterworks from Prague
Panis angelicus : favourite motets from Westminster Cathedral
The complete motets. 15
Choral Works
I was glad : Cathedral music by Parry
In Deo salutare meum from "The complete motets 9"
Schola Cantorum. 2
A choral tapestry
Ritual meanings in the fifteenth-century motet
Lamentations, motets, string music
On Yoolis Night : Medieval Carols & Motets
Der Geist hilft unser Schwachheit auf : Motette für achtstimmigen gemischten Doppelchor BWV 226 : Partitur mit unterlegtem Klavierauszug : motet for mixed douple choir of eight voices BWV 226 = The spirit also helpeth us
The complete motets. 17
The complete motets. 18
Motets for one, two or three voices and basso continuo
The complete motets. 4
Songs of farewell
Psalms and motets for reflection
Hearing the motet : essays on the motet of the Middle Ages and Renaissance
Schola Cantorum. 5
Schola cantorum. 10
The complete motets. 9
The Complete Works. Volume 6, Music for the Reformed Church
The complete motets. 13
"Cui dono lepidum novum libellum?" : dedicating Latin works and motets in the sixteenth century
Mass in G minor, and other a cappella works
The motet as a formal type in Northern Italy ca. 1500.. Volume one
The monstrous new art : divided forms in the late medieval motet
Schola cantorum. 12
Music by John Shepard
Medieval polyphony
The complete motets. 11
Institutional patronage in post-Tridentine Rome : music at Santissima Trinità dei Pellegrini, 1550-1650
Schola cantorum. 12.
All shall be well
The art of the Netherlands
Who are these angels? : new choral music
The complete motets. 20
Schola cantorum. 10.
The complete motets. 16
The Christmas story : told in chant, motets, dialogues & traditional folk carols
The motet around 1500 : on the relationship of imitation and text treatment?
A Josquin anthology : 12 motets
Transeamus : english carols and motets by John Plummer, William Cornysh, Walter Lambe, Sheryngham a.o
The motet in England in the fourteenth century
Requiem, Take him, earth, for cherishing and other choral works
Kantate Nr. 118 : "O Jesu Christ, mein's Lebens Licht" : für gemischten Chor : "O Jesu Christ, my life and light" : for mixed voices = Cantata No. 118
The Complete Works. Volume 2, Music at the Reformation
On yoolis night : Medieval carols & motets +nid
The English anthem. Volume 8
Missa Euge bone
French motets in the thirteenth century : music, poetry and genre
Schola cantorum. 9
The complete motets. 10
J.S. Bach and the German motet
Schola cantorum. 13
"Singet dem Herrn ein neues Lied" : Motette für zwei vierstimmige gemischte Chöre : motet for two four-part mixed choruses : BWV 225 = "Sing to the Lord a new made song"
The complete motets. 14
The motets of Carissimi. Vol. 2
The complete motets. 7
The style of the early motet
The complete motets. 21
Great sacred masterpieces
Crucifixus pro nobis and other choral works
The German school for 4 voices
Christmas and advent motets for 4 voices
The call : more choral classics from St John's
Music for Treviso Cathedral in the late sixteenth century : a reconstruction of the lost manuscripts 29 and 30
Ten Four-Part Motets for The Church's Year
Christmas motets
Principally contains motets, part songs and excerpts of Masses for 4-5 mixed voices, unacc. Also includes one work for organ and 2 works for 1-2 lutes.
On Bunker's hill : essays in honor of J. Bunker Clark
Komm, Jesu, komm : Motette für zwei vierstimmige gemischte Chöre : motet for two four-part mixed choruses : BWV 229 = Come, Jesus, come
Two motets : based on traditional spirituals for six voices
The motets of Carissimi. Volume 1
Schola Cantorum. 4
Pre-classical polyphony
The greatest choral classics : eighteen of the best loved choruses for mixed voices
Schola Cantorum. 3
"Lobet den Herrn, alle Heiden" : Motette für vierstimmigen gemischten Chor und Orgel : motet for four-part mixed chorus and organ : BWV 230 = "Praise the Lord, all ye nations"
The Great Service in the Chapel Royal
Schola Cantorum. 6
Symphony no. 5 in D major
The Art of the Netherlanders
Christmas carols and motets
Schola cantorum. 7
The complete motets. 6
The complete motets. 2
Vinea mea electa : no 2 of the Four motets for the season of lent : for mixed chorus a cappella
Capolavori sacri : per soprano = Sacred masterpieces : for soprano. Volume 3.
Exsultate, jubilate : Motette : KV165 (158a) : unter Berücksichtigung der Salzburger Fassung = with additional material from the Salzburg version
In celebration
