http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7708 unemployed people
unemployed people
Economic analysis of active measures for those who are difficult to employ : Cases: highest-level increased pay subsidy and rehabilitative work activity
Potential for Single-Case Evaluation in Employment Services : Goal Attainment Scaling Method for Difficult-to-Employ Jobseekers
Social capital, coping and information behaviour of long-term unemployed people in Finland
The precarization effect
Kela through a macroscope : application of multilevel service design framework in unemployment security services
Work, unemployment, and mental health
Healing the wounds : overcoming the trauma of layoffs and revitalizing downsized organizations
Re-employment of Finnish unemployed workers
Job loss, identity, and mental health
The transformation of jobless movement and the segregation of the unemployed in Finland since the 1990s
Containing the poor : the Mexico City Poor House, 1774-1871
New policies for the young
Unemployment, re-employment and mental well-being : a panel survey of industrial jobseekers in Finland
Unemployment and economic hardship : a combined macro- and micro-level analysis of the relationship between unemployment and means-tested social assistance in Sweden
Abstract.
Why some peoples are more unemployed than others : the strange paradox of growth and unemployment
Abstract: Age, identity and career counselling : the ageing, long-term unemployed as a challenge to learning society.
Beyond the cubicle : job insecurity, intimacy and the flexible self
Trees Lounge
Varying unemployment experiences? : the economy and mental well-being
Towards new work : new work - a joint third sector employment project
Two essays on individual labour market performance in Finland
Unemployed people : social and psychological perspectives
Collected Hutch Owen. Volume 1
Regional mobility of unemployment workers
Early identification of jobseekers at risk of long-term unemployment : the role of profiling
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2009 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland 2009 = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland 2009.
Human dignity and welfare systems
This volume addresses issues of precariousness in a broad, interdisciplinary perspective, looking at socio-economic transformations as well as the identity formation and political organizing of precarious people. The collection bridges empirical research with social theory to problematize and analyse the precariat.
Internal migration and labour market transitions of unemployed workers
What is a good result made of? : a multiple consistuency evaluation of the successfulness of systems of work generating measures
Skill and occupational change
Empirical studies on labor market matching
Distress of unemployed job-seekers described by the Zulliger test using the comprehensive system
Activating the young unemployed into education? : studies on the effects of a recent policy in Finland and on the hidden rationalities among uneducated young people
Unemployed in Finland : living on the edge of culture
Young and unemployed in Scandinavia : a Nordic comparative study
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2008 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland 2008 = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland 2008.
Occupational mobility of unemployed workers
Being young and unemployed : reactions and actions in Northern Europe
Job rotation : experiences and practices
Unemployment and the future of work : An enquiry for the churches
The new social division : making and unmaking precariousness
The role of social assistance as means of social inclusion and activation : a comparative study on minimum income in seven Europe[a]n countries. Report 4, Activation policies in the context of social assistance
Summary: Being ill on the labor market.
Does unemployment contribute to ill-being : results from a panel study among adult Finns, 1989/90 and 1997
The night cleaner
Dark and light - councellors for uncertain times : IAEVG, 5-8 February 1998 Tampere, Finland : programme & abstracts & participant list
After redundancy : the experience of economic insecurity
The making and unmaking of precarity : some concluding remarks
Employment
Policing the workshy : benefit controls, the labour market and the unemployed
The psychological impact of unemployment
Unemployment and employment policy at the local level : a comparative case study
Long-term unemployment and the threat of social exclusion : a cross-national analysis of the position of long-term unemployed people in Germany, Sweden and Britain
The good father
Cultures of unemployment : a comparative look at long-term unemployment and urban poverty
Prisoners of want : the experience and protest of the unemployed in France, 1921-45
THE SERVICE SYSTEM PROCESS OF KYUAS IN THE EYES OF AN UNEMPLOYED MBA STUDENT
A distributional analysis of displacement costs in an economic depression and recovery
Job search behavior of unemployed in Russia
The persistence of unemployment : does competition between employed and unemployed job applicants matter?
Long-term unemployment
The effects of unemployment on mortality following workplace downsizing and workplace closure : a register-biased follow-up study of Finnish men and women during economic boom and recession
Social security and job search among the Finnish unemployed
The idea was simple: pack a suitcase, go to another city where you have no connections and try to find a job, anonymously. That was the idea that took Florence Aubenas--one of France's most accomplished undercover journalists--on a journey into the worst recession since the Great Depression. Day after day she searched for work, one unemployed worker among others, with no special skills or qualifications. She immersed herself in the crowd of job seekers, going from one employment office to another, eventually managing to cobble together a few hours working as a night cleaner on a ferry that crossed the English Channel. For many people the global financial crisis seems real enough but remote from their daily lives. They have little sense of what it really means to be unemployed in the midst of a recession. Florence Aubenas was determined to find out. This book is the story of her journey.--From publisher description.
Unemployment, subjective well-being and job-search : a comparison of Denmark and Finland
Search direction and wage dispersion
Bringing the jobless into work? : Experiences with activation schemes in Europe and the Us
Excess mortality of unemployed men and women during a period of rapidly increasing unemployment
London's underworld : being selections from 'Those that will not work' the fourth volume of 'London labour and the London poor'
Worklife transitions and the education/training of the employees : a case study
The unemployed man and his family : the effect of unemployment upon the status of the man in fifty-nine families
Rainbow Pie : A Memoir of Redneck America
To be young and unemployed : a welfare perspective
Etelä-Pohjanmaan työttömien työkyvyn edistäminen -projekti 1997-1999. Opi oppimaan yleissivistävien aineiden avulla : andragogisen mallin sovellus = "Learn to learn by means of liberal studies"
Post-Unemployment Wages and Ecomic Incentives to Exit from Unemployment
The disposable American : layoffs and their consequences
Action and togerthness : volunteers in associations of unemployed people
Crackers
Providing for unemployed workers in the transition
New chance : individually together : the final report on the project
The effectiveness of labour market training in different eras of unemployment
Availability for work : a study in unemployment compensation
Complex space multipole expansion theory with application to scattering from dielectric bodies
The making of a new underclass among the unemployed youth? : emerging social exclusion, the mechanisms of integration and the need for active and network-based employment strategies
Who owns the intervention? : bringing the unemployed back into unemployed studies
NGOs and the implementation of active labour market policies : the case of Finland and Sweden
Summary and discussion.
Varieties of mutual support and voluntary action : a study of Finnish self-help groups and volunteers
In a mega-stakes, high-suspense race against time, three of the most unlikely and winning heroes Stephen King has ever created try to stop a lone killer from blowing up thousands.  In the frigid pre-dawn hours, in a distressed Midwestern city, hundreds of desperate unemployed folks are lined up for a spot at a job fair. Without warning, a lone driver plows through the crowd in a stolen Mercedes, running over the innocent, backing up, and charging again. Eight people are killed; fifteen are wounded. The killer escapes.  In another part of town, months later, a retired cop named Bill Hodges is still haunted by the unsolved crime. When he gets a crazed letter from someone who self-identifies as the "perk" and threatens an even more diabolical attack, Hodges wakes up from his depressed and vacant retirement, hell-bent on preventing another tragedy.  Brady Hartfield lives with his alcoholic mother in the house where he was born. He loved the feel of death under the wheels of the Mercedes, and he wants that rush again. Only Bill Hodges, with a couple of highly unlikely allies, can apprehend the killer before he strikes again. And they have no time to lose, because Brady's next mission, if it succeeds, will kill or maim thousands
Dangerous classes : the underclass and social citizenship
The joy of not working : a book for retired, unemployed, and overworked
Taking the knocks : youth unemployment and biography - a qualitative analysis
Improving counselling services for the unemployed and for those at risk of unemployment : Dublin 24-26 May 1993 : conference report
The unemployment process : studies of search, selection, and social mobility in the labor market
Työvoimatilasto 2004 : vuosikatsaus = Labour force statistics - annual review
From one job to the next : worker adjustment in a changing labor market
The costs of worker dislocation
The subprimes : a novel
The German unemployed : experiences and consequences of mass unemployment from the Weimar Republic to the Third Reich
Matching in local labour markets : empirical studies from Finland
Their lips talk of mischief
Abstract: Proper balance between work and leisure? : studies of time use in different life situations.
Partial unemployment insurance benefits and the transition rate to regular work
Marienthal : the sociography of an unemployed community
The stress of unemployment - coping patterns, psychological and physiological responses and implications for health
The unemployed, marginality, and the home : the role of consumption in the lives of the unemployed
Imagining paradise : life politics of 'nature' in the stories of the unemployed
Social and material deprivation among unemployed youth in Northern Europe
Public employment services and European law
Inescapable horizon : culture and context
Youth : unemployment, identity and policy
Regional differences in migratory behaviour in Finland
A national survey of the unemployed
Media memories and the economic crisis : subjectification of the unemployed in the 90's Finland
Bait and switch : the (futile) pursuit of the American dream
Leisure and unemployment
The unemployed : a social-psychological portrait
Abstract (1 s.).
The role of adult guidance and employment counselling in a changing labour market : final report on EUROCOUNSEL : an action research programme on counselling and long-term unemployment
Political scepticism and political groupings among unemployed youth: a Finnish-German comparison
Long-term unemployment and labour markets
