http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7713 institutionalism
institutionalism
Europeanization : institution, identities and citizenship
Institutional economics : the changing system
Domestic institutions and interest formation in international political economy : the internationalisation of the British natural gas policy 1982-2007 / Matti Färkkilä
Information, corporate governance, and institutional diversity : competitiveness in Japan, the USA, and the transitional economies
Challenging institutional analysis and development : the Bloomington school
The evolution of institutional economics : agency, structure and Darwinism in American institutionalism
De-institutionalisation in Europe : literature review and meta-analysis on de-insititutionalisation
The resolution of humanitarian crises in, for example, ethnic conflict regions, is dependent on the interaction of different actors. They need to collectively engage to change the conflicting parties' perception of one another and their ways of interacting. The efforts of these institution-changing networks can be seen as an integral element of a change process to transform harmful societal practices which have become institutionalized over decades into socially and economically conducive practices.Located at the cross-roads of sociological institutionalism and critical entrepreneurship discourse this study borrows from both the Industrial Marketing and Purchasing rooted business network mobilization approach and organizational legitimacy discussion. It provides processual and contextual understanding of how individual actors act in the process of forming collectives for institutional change as an early stage of a peace-building process. The data of this study consists of a set of conversations with governmental, non-governmental and private sector actors and observations and secondary data about the peace-building and democratization process in Myanmar/Burma. These were used to produce insight into individual actors' acting for forming institution-changing networks. Pluralism, non-linearity and non-teleology were identified as characteristics of institutional entrepreneurial acting in turbulent and unpredictable contexts generally. Exploring the pluralist characteristic further, the study identifies in Myanmar/Burma's peace-building context reticence, adaptability, incentivization, and perseverance as ways of acting to instigate the forming of networks and the creation of legitimacy therein. Due to the underlying non-linearity and non-teleology of these ways of acting the formation of networks is referred to as process of becoming. Theoretically this study responds tothe need for processual conceptualizations of networks changing over time through a rich and locally contextualized understanding of network forming processes. Methodologically, it advocates for a network- or meso-level approach to help transcending the distinction between individual and structure levels of analysis which allows viewing institutional entrepreneurship processes where they are enacted. Practically, this study gives guidance to business actors about balancing the conduct of business and building society at the same time.
Marx, Veblen, and contemporary institutional political economy : principles and unstable dynamics of capitalism
Handbook of institutional approaches to international business
EU conflict prevention and crisis management : roles, institutions and policies
Sharing secrets : explaining international intelligence cooperation
Institutional theory in political science : the 'new institutionalism'
Social limits to economic theory
Institutional economics : its place in political economy. Vol. 1
Why institutions matter : the new institutionalism in political science
The new institutionalism in education
The modern and contemporary sphere of art and its place in societal-cultural reality in the light of system-theoretical and systemic sociology : a study of a sociological research tradition and its art-theoretical contribution / Erkki Sevänen
The modern and contemporary sphere of art and its place in societal-cultural reality in the light of system-theoretical and systemic sociology : a study of a sociological research tradition and its art-theoretical contribution
Summary (s. 193-198). - Abstract: Making of national pension strategies and the European Union open method of co-operation.
Changing capitalisms? : internationalization, institutional change, and systems of economic organization
One economics, many recipes : globalization, institutions, and economic growth
Institutions and the economy
Entrepreneurship, money and coordination : Hayek's theory of cultural evolution
Economics in the shadows of Darwin and Marx : essays on institutional and evolutionary themes
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
The Oxford handbook of historical institutionalism
The theme of Europeanization has, in recent years, come to figure prominently in a wide range of social science analyses concerning both the process of European integration and broader patterns of change in contemporary Europe. Yet, though increasingly a staple of academic discourse, no widely accepted definition of the term has emerged. This volume of the European Studies represents one of the first interdisciplinary attempts to examine the manifold uses and possibilities of a Europeanization problematic. An international team of contributors drawn from the disciplines of Politics, Sociology, History, Anthropology, and Law explore processes of institution-building and identity formation through the optic of Europeanization. Their work offers new insights as regards the development of European integration, pointing particularly to the need for a genuinely interdisciplinary European Studies which encompasses, but is not limited to, the study of the European Union.
The Federalist Papers and the new institutionalism
Regulation, deregulation, reregulation : institutional perspectives
Commons opened Institutional Economics by declaring: ""My point of view is based on my participation in collective activities, from which I here derive a theory of the part played by collective action in control of individual action."" This sentence well summarizes the three key elements of this book--its theoretical intent, the importance Commons gave to his own experience in institutional reform in shaping these ideas, and the focus on the concept of the institution as a collective constraint on individual action.
Innovation and institutions : a multidisciplinary review of the study of innovation systems
A state of transition : structural problems and Pakistan's failed transition to democracy 1988–1999
Institutional variety in East Asia : formal and informal patterns of coordination
Rendezvous in turbulent times : about the becoming of institution-changing networks in Myanmar/Burma
Economic institutions of strategy
Posted work and deterritorialization in the European Union : a study of the German construction and meat industry
Does pragmatism imply institutionalism?
Political institutionalization and the integration of elites
Stakeholder expectations : conceptual foundations and empirical analysis
Organization theory. Vol. 2, Current trends and disciplinary reflection
International Order and the Future of Worlds Politics
Institutional efficiency and its determinants : the role of political factors in economic growth
Institutionalism
Technology, institutions, and economic growth
"This book focuses on how institutional settings provide a variety of resources and opportunities for firms to develop and evolve new competencies. It shows how national institutional contexts are often heterogeneous and loosely connected, offering a variety of resources that firms can use in order to enhance their competitiveness"--Provided by publisher.
Understanding the process of economic change
The third transformation of Japan : an institutional narrative on agglomeration economies in abenomics
A political theory of dissent : dissent at the core of radical democracy
New institutional economics : a guidebook
The Oxford handbook of political institutions
Managing EU-US relations : actors, institutions and the new transatlantic agenda
Building Europe's parliament : democratic representation beyond the nation-state
Varieties of capitalism : the institutional foundations of comparative advantage
The new institutional politics : performance and outcomes
Institutional economics : its place in political economy. Vol. 2
The rise of neoliberalism and institutional analysis
Organization theory. Volume 2, Current trends and disciplinary reflection
Microeconomics : behavior, institutions, and evolution
Advancing socio-economics : an institutionalist perspective
The economic status of women under capitalism : institutional economics and feminist theory
The institutions of the market : organizations, social systems, and governance
Governance : an international journal of policy and administration
Institutional economics : its place in political economy
