http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7716 crying
crying
Medieval song in romance languages
Oliver and the noisy baby
Sacred and profane, public and private, emotive and ritualistic, internal and embodied, medieval weeping served as a culturally charged prism for a host of social, visual, cognitive, and linguistic performances. Crying in the Middle Ages addresses the place of tears in Jewish, Christian, and Islamic cultural discourses, providing a key resource for scholars interested in exploring medieval notions of emotion, gesture, and sensory experience in a variety of cultural contexts. Gertsman brings together essays that establish a series of conversations with one another, foregrounding essential questions about the different ways that crying was seen, heard, perceived, expressed, and transmitted throughout the Middle Ages. In acknowledging the porous nature of visual and verbal evidence, this collection foregrounds the necessity to read language, image, and experience together in order to envision the complex notions of medieval crying.
Pictures & tears : a history of people who have cried in front of paintings
Women, pain and death : rituals and everyday life on the margins of Europe and beyond
Crying shame : metaculture, modernity, and the exaggerated death of lament
Fol'klor Belorusov Sibiri i Dal'nego Vostoka. Čast' 1, Cemejno-obrâdovye pesni i pričitaniâ = Byelorussian folklore of Siberia and the Far East. The First Part, Family and ritual songs and laments
Rituals of death and dying in modern and ancient Greece : writing history from a female perspective
Laments for the dead in medieval narrative
English summaries.
Genre, structure and reproduction in oral literature
A musical view of the universe : Kalapalo myth and ritual performances
Holy tears : weeping in the religious imagination
Tsto nam delat s malysom a-a-a g-u-u = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
The soundscape of Karelian laments
Suomen kansankulttuurin kartasto = Atlas of Finnish ethnic culture. 2, Suomen perinneatlas = Folklore
Harmony and counterpoint : ritual music in Chinese context
Parallelism in verbal art and performance : pre-print papers of the seminar-workshop 26th–27th May 2014, Helsinki, Finland
Tears in the Graeco-Roman world
The tear thief
No one cries for the dead : Tamil dirges, rowdy songs, and graveyard petitions
Literacy and orality in eighteenth-century Irish song
Lamentations in ancient and contemporary cultural contexts
Love and lamentation in Greek oral poetry
Ma ba in bachchah-'i na'arami kih hamah ash "buv huv" mi kunad chih kunim? = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
Laughing and crying of preschool children : a study of the social and emotional behaviour of young children as indicated by laughing and crying
Religious organization and religious experience
This volume presents a wide range of contributions that analyse the cultural, sociological and communicative significance of tears and crying in Graeco-Roman antiquity. The papers cover the time from the eighth century BCE until late antiquity and take into account a broad variety of literary genres such as epic, tragedy, historiography, elegy, philosophical texts, epigram and the novel. The collection also contains two papers from modern socio-psychology.
Newborn infant cry : a collection of articles
Tearful performance : when troubadours weep
Excessive crying and sleep in infancy : the assessment of sleep characteristics and the function of the autonomous nervous system in colicky infants
Curious behavior : yawning, laughing, hiccupping and beyond
The little trials of childhood and children's strategies for dealing with them ; Frances Chaput Waksler
Crying in the Middle Ages : tears of history
Emotion in interaction
Family interaction and infant's crying : prospective studies of families with colicky and non-colicky infants
The Ingrian lamenter as psychopomp
Reflections of belief systems in Karelian and Lithuanian laments : shared systems of traditional referentiality?
Summary in English.
The musical means of sorrow : the Karelian lament tradition
Abstracts in English.
Crying in separated and non-separated newborns : sound spectrographic analysis
The death rituals of rural Greece
For the living and the dead : the funerary laments of Upper Egypt, ancient and modern
Adaptation, change, and decline in oral literature
You ge wu wu yan yan de ying er, wo men zen mo ban? = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
Crying : the natural and cultural history of tears
Music, gender, and culture
Mourning cry and woe oracle
Tikopia songs : poetic and musical art of a Polynesian people of the Solomon Islands
From crying baby to contented baby
The wedding of the dead : ritual, poetics, and popular culture in Transylvania
Zyrian folklore texts
The registers of Karelian lamenters
Sidaynu nidhaahnaa nuunuuga-buu-huu? = What shall we do with the boo-hoo baby?
Why humans like to cry : tragedy, evolution, and the brain
Early relationship between very preterm infant and mother : the role of infant, maternal and dyadic factors
Maternal sensitivity behavior and infant crying, fussing and contented behavior : the effects of mother's experienced social support
Mythic discourses : studies in Uralic traditions
Hungarian bride's laments : an enigmatic genre from a comparative point of view
Russian traditional folk song
Death of a tradition
Co zrobic z bobasem buu huu huu? = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
The great bear : a thematic anthology of oral poetry in the Finno-Ugrian languages
Miffy is crying
Seeing through tears : crying and attachment
Gender and folklore : perspectives on Finnish and Karelian culture
Collaborative consultation with parents and infants in the perinatal period
Registers of Seesjärvi Karelian lamenters : research on the uses, themes and conceptions of lamentation / Eila Stepanova
Kalevala : epica, magia, arte e musica : [atti del convegno di studi, Villa de Claricini Dornpacher, Bottenicco di Moimacco (Udine), 28-29 maggio 2011] = Kalevala : epic, magic, art and music : [proceedings of the sciencitic congress, Villa de Claricini Dornpacher, Bottenicco di Moimacco (Udine), May 28-29, 2001]
Program and abstarcts
Infant colic crying and gastrointestinal tract : causes, consequences and cure
Another harmony : new essays on the folklore of India
Archaeology, religion and folklore in the Baltic Sea Region
Cognitive development of very low birth weight children from infancy to pre-school age
The pediatric airway : cry, stridor, and cough
Ceremony of innocence : tears, power, and protest
Funeral dirges of Yoruba hunters
Finnish folkloristics. 1
Adult crying : a biopsychosocial approach
Ritual poetry and the politics of death in early Japan
The history of tears : sensibility and sentimentality in France
Laughing and weeping in early modern theatres
Relics of burial laments in Latvia
