http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7718 flower shops
flower shops florists'
Developing competitive advantages and improving collaboration within the supply chain
Oilseed crops
The flower arrangement
The retail florist
Introduction to floriculture
A strategic marketing plan : case company Mundus Aer Oy
Proceedings of the seventh International Symposium on Postharvest Physiology of Ornamental Plants : Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, USA 13-18 November 1999
Proceedings of the Fifth International Symposium on New Floricultural Crops : Paranà, Brazil, August 26-31, 2003
Proceedings of the XIth International Symposium on Flower Bulbs and Herbaceous Perennials : Antalya, Turkey March 28 - April 1, 2012
Floriculture business in Nepal
The rose girls
Postharvest : an introduction to the physiology and handling of fruit, vegetables and ornamentals
The markets for Zimbabwe floricultural products in the Netherlands and the Federal Republic of Germany
Proceedings of the IXth International Symposium on Postharvest Quality Of Ornamental Plants : Odense, Denmark August 11-14, 2008
This book is arranged in 3 sections. The first section (Chapters 2-4) provides an introduction to the flower seed industry and identifies the users of flower seeds. These chapters provide a historical treatment of the industry and emphasize the challenges and opportunities for the ornamental and bedding plant and wildflower industries. The second section (Chapters 5-10) considers the science of flower seed production. Discussions focus on the establishment of successful breeding programmes by seed companies, factors controlling flower induction to obtain high-quality seeds and maximize yield, structure and anatomy of flower seeds, as well as the physiological events that govern seed germination, dormancy imposition and release, and seed deterioration. The third section (Chapters 11-17) discusses the technology of flower seeds. This includes chapters on cleaning, enhancements, germination, viability and vigour testing of flower seeds. Specific guidelines and information to accomplish these tasks are given. A chapter is also provided, describing the activities of the Ornamental Plant Germplasm Centre, the only governmental organization dedicated to conserving germplasm for the future genetic improvement of flower crops.
Vegetable oils in food technology : composition, properties and uses
Start your own florist shop and other floral businesses : your step-by-step guide to success
Flower seeds : biology and technology
Proceedings of the Eighth International Symposium on Postharvest Physiology of the Ornamental Plants : Doorwerth, The Netherlands, 10-14 August, 2003
