http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7711 Latin Americans
Latin Americans
California soul : rare funk, jazz & latin groove from the West Coast 1965-1981
The soul of Spanish Harlem : beautiful soul music from the heart of New York's Spanish Harlem
Troubling nationhood in U.S. Latina literature : explorations of place and belonging
Latinos : a biography of the people
Cultural differences in Ibero-Nordic Communications : perceptions about finnish and columbian negotiators
Deciphering stratification and inequality : Japan and beyond
Show and tell : identity as performance in U.S. Latina/o fiction
Encyclopedia of Latino popular culture
Expanding definitions of giftedness : the case of young interpreters from immigrant communities
Latino ethnic consciousness : the case of Mexican Americans and Puerto Ricans in Chicago
Young, gifted & brown : Joe's sweetest soul singin'
The post-boom in Spanish American fiction
East side stories : gang life in East L.A
Popular musics of the non-western world : An introductory survey
Two Guadalupes : Hispanic legends and magic tales from northern New Mexico
Old masks, new faces : religion and Latino identities
Desire develops an edge
Reggae and Latin pop : hot sauces
The Latin American fashion reader
This book proposes that children from non-English speaking families who are selected to serve as family interpreters perform at remarkably high levels when compared with others of their age, experience, and environment, and should be included in the federal definition of giftedness. The book reports on a research project carried out with young Latino bilingual interpreters. Chapter 1 offers an overview of definitions of giftedness and a review of the literature on the exclusion of English language learners in programs for the gifted. Chapter 2 reviews the literature on bilingualism, interpretation, and translation, and the cognitive demands made in the process of interpretation. Chapter 3 reports on interviews with adult immigrants and young adolescents concerning needs for interpreters and criteria for evaluating the quality of an interpretation. Chapter 4 describes the scripted simulation procedure used in the study to evaluate performance of young interpreters and chapter 5 describes the performance of the young interpreters. Chapter 6 offers an interpretation of young interpreters' performances from the perspective of three conceptions of giftedness. The final chapter argues for the expansion of definitions of giftedness and describes the kinds of programs needed to nurture the abilities of Latino immigrant youth. (Contains approximately 260 references.) (DB)
Psychotherapy with deaf clients from diverse groups
Hispanic marketing : a cultural perspective
Enigmatic powers : syncretism with African and indigenous peoples' religions among Latinos
Memories of Mexico : album : a collection of Mexico's most popular melodies with English and Spanish text
New Latina narrative : the feminine space of postmodern ethnicity
Brazilian music workshop
Caminemos con Jesús : toward a Hispanic/Latino theology of accompaniment
Cristina Peri Rossi was born in Uruguay and is considered a leading light of the "Latin American Boom" generation. In 1972, after her work was banned by a repressive military regime, she left her country and moved to Spain. This collection of poems, written during her journey and the first period of her self-exile, was so personal that it remained unpublished for almost thirty years. It is accompanied here by two brilliant essays on exile, one by Peri Rossi and the other by translator Marilyn Buck, who is an American political prisoner, exiled in her own land.
Guitar indigo latin [CD] : Besame mucho
Encyclopedia of Arto
Based on participant observation in a California English as a Second Language family literacy program, this ethnographic study examines how the complexly gendered life histories of immigrant adults shaped their participation in both the English language classroom and the education of their children, within the contemporary sociohistorical context of increasing Latin American immigration to the United States. Through outlining the connections between (gendered) identity work and language learning, this study builds theoretical and empirical justification for teachers to negotiate classroom practice with each community of learners, responding to students' individual goals, histories, and lives outside the classroom.
Variations in value orientations
Research with Hispanic populations
An enduring flame : studies on Latino popular religiosity
Fun with guitar : easy to play guitar solos by Dennis Gore. Book one, Latin American dances
The Hispanic condition : reflections on culture and identity in America
Latino literature in America
Mapping colonial Spanish America : places and commonplaces of identity, culture, and experience
Hispanic marketing : connecting with the new Latino consumer
Expanding latinidad : an inter-American perspective
Gang nation : delinquent citizens in Puerto Rican, Chicano, and Chicana narratives
From the margin to the centre : capturing the perspectives of young people from European minority groups = Vom Rand in die Mitte : Jugendliche von Minderheiten sagen ihre Meinung
Brazilian rhythms for drumset
Friend for life
Occupied America : a history of Chicanos
Salsa, soul, and spirit : leadership for a multicultural age
Latin playground : Putumayo kids presents
Frente Cumbiero meets Mad Professor
Latino voices : Mexican, Puerto Rican, and Cuban perspectives on American politics
Bassic Instinct No3 : Listen to the sound of stereo deluxe
Take the lead : alto saxophone : latin
The practice of hope : ideology and intention in First Thessalonians
Working the inner clock for drumset
The quinceañera, the fifteenth birthday celebration for a Latina girl, is quickly becoming an American event. This legendary party is a sight to behold: lavish ball gowns, extravagant catered meals, DJs, limousines, and multi-tiered cakes. The must-haves for a "quince" are becoming as numerous and costly as a prom or wedding. And yet, this elaborate ritual also hearkens back to traditions from native countries and communities, offering young Latinas a chance to connect with their heritage. Writer Alvarez explores this celebration that brings a Latina girl into womanhood, attending the quince of a young woman in Queens, and weaving in interviews with other quince girls, her own memories of coming of age as an immigrant, and the history of the custom itself. The result is an enlightening, accessible, and entertaining portrait of contemporary Latino culture.--From publisher description.
Critical Latin American and Latino studies
Latin playground
High priest of mi minor : Knockdown calypsos
An ethics of betrayal : the politics of otherness in emergent U.S. literatures and culture
Latin American rhythms = Latinamerikanska rytmer
Gay Latino studies : a critical reader
The real latin piano and the introduction to afro peruvian montunos. Volume 1
Latinos unidos : from cultural diversity to the politics ofsolidarity
Saffron and soul ; Shuckin' and jivin'
Brown Sabbath
John Brimhall's popular latin teaching pieces [Nuottijulkaisu] : 1.
Latin : Improvise with today's top artists! : C Bass Clef
The Latin American songbook
The Latin-American fiddler : for violin and piano with optional violin accompaniment, easy violin and guitar
Once upon a quinceañera : coming of age in the USA
Transnational Latina/o communities : politics, processes, and cultures
Hispanic art in the United States :  thirty contemporary painters & sculptors
Nosotros : a study of everyday meanings in Hispano New Mexico
The following project based thesis will present the rationale behind creating a website promoting Finland as a tourism destination for Hispanic people. It will analyse the latest statistics on travelling to Finland, with emphasis on visitors from Spain and Latin American countries. It will describe why a travel guide was chosen and the reason for a website as opposed to a traditional travel book. As Spanish is spoken natively by over 350 million people in the world, it is a very important language not only for travelling, but also for business and marketing, this thesis will also introduce the definition of some key aspects to the guide and statistics and graphics supporting the idea of the need for information about Finland available in Spanish.     The purpose of this thesis is to find out and justify the need for a web-based travel guide in Spanish language and what features would best suit for such a large target market. Several electronic travel guides are analysed and compared to help clarify the latest trends on Internet travel guides. Further, it will illustrate the layout of an electronic tourism product, in the form of a tourism website, for Finland. This study introduces the basic information that the website will contain, together with a preliminary view of the finalised product. The core product is a website directed towards attracting Hispanics to Finland, by providing regularly updated information, photographs, maps and other innovative features that will be described in detail.          The main objective of this product is to present an innovative product that Spanish speakers will use before deciding where to holiday, during their stay and after. For this reason, it could also be used by Hispanics planning to move to Finland or those that are already residents and would get to know the country and its people better.  Additionally, it could be the basis that links to sister websites about travelling, enjoying food and living in Finland.     The final objective of the product is to be commercially sustainable through advertisements but still retain an unbiased opinion about the services and tourism products and Finland as a holiday destination. Possibilities of growth and expand are also presented in brief description on the final part of the thesis, together with an analysis of the key findings and the conclusions that were drawn from this thesis.      Annexed at the end of the thesis a sketch of the front page can be found together with a brief explanation of its characteristics and features.
Gendered identities and immigrant language learning
The rough guide to latino nuevo
The best of Latin standards
Look around the corner
Fania Records 1964 - 1980 : the original sound of latin New York
Best known latin songs
Latin tunes You've Always Wanted To Play : For Intermediate Piano Solo
Nobody can live forever : The existential soul of Tim Maia
Barrios and borderlands : cultures of Latinos and Latinas in the United States
Breakin' out
Riot!
No separate refuge : culture, class and gender on an Anglo-Hispanic frontier in the American Southwest, 1880-1940
Latino images in film : stereotypes, subversion, resistance
Music and revolution : cultural change in socialist Cuba
The making of migrant subjectivities : time and intersectionality in the transnational everyday lives of Latin American women in Barcelona
Chicano poetics : heterotexts and hybridities
Growing up bilingual : Puerto Rican children in New York
Latin dreams
Discovering Latino religion : a comprehensive social science bibliography
Tempest-tost : race, immigration, and the dilemmas of diversity
Creating a tourism product for promoting Finland as a tourism destination to Hispanic people : website @finlandia.com
Do you speak American? : a companion to the PBS television series
Latinos : remaking America
Disidentifications : queers of color and the performance of politics
Redreaming America : toward a bilingual American culture
Guitar Method
London Jazz Classics. 3 : Worldwide Connections in Jazz Music
The Routledge companion to Latino/a literature
Latin-American album. No 4
Twentieth-century global Christianity
Big book of Latin American songs : piano, vocal, guitar
This book examines the ways that recent U.S. Latina literature challenges popular definitions of nationhood and national identity. It explores the works of Mexican American, Puerto Rican, and Cuban American writers Denise Chavez, Ana Castillo, Sandra Cisneros, Judith Ortiz Cofer, Esmeralda Santiago, and Himilce Novas to show how these texts argue for the legitimate belonging of Latino/as within U.S. borders and counter much of today's anti-immigration rhetoric.
The romantic sound of Xavier Cugat & his orchestra
The Decade show : frameworks of identity in the 1980s
Salsa masters : the best of today's new style Salsa music - greatest hits of English Salsa
Latin american trumpet music
Living the drama : community, conflict, and culture among inner-city boys
A Latina in the land of Hollywood and other essays on media culture
Global comparative management : a functional approach
Further on the way
Afro Latin beat
On Latinidad : U.S. Latino literature and the construction of ethnicity
Structures of power : essays on twentieth-century Spanish-American fiction
Mambo diablo : my journey with Tito Puente
How Latino immigration is transforming America
Colloquial Spanish of Latin America. 2, The next step in language learning
Multicultural education of children and adolescents
The bronze screen : Chicana and Chicano film culture
Reading U.S. Latina writers : remapping American literature
Live at the Red Garter. vol. 2
Mambo! : Xavier Cugat and his Orchestra, volume 2
The house on Mango Street
Day of the Dead in the USA : the migration and transformation of a cultural phenomenon
Disposable domestics : immigrant women workers in the global economy
Saint Latin's Day massacre
The Latino studies reader : culture, economy, and society
Hispanics/Latinos in the United States : ethnicity, race, and rights
La nueva coleccion de musica latina = The new latin music collection
Cultural differences in Ibero-Nordic communications : perceptions about Finnish and Colombian negotiators
Latin moods
Latina/o communication studies : theorizing performance
The very best of Latin America
The ethnic eye : Latino media arts
State of exile
Contemporary Chicana poetry : a critical approach to an emerging literature
