http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7715 laughter
laughter
Jonson versus Bakhtin : carnival and the grotesque
Laughter as an interactional phenomenon : A study of laughter in British English conversation
The dynamic concept of humor : Erich Fromm and the possibility of humane humor
Humor in children's lives : a guidebook for practioners
Laughing at the funeral : gender and anthropology in the Greek funerary rites
This stimulating introduction to laughter in theatre and performance examines laughter among actors, among audience, and the interaction between the two. Exploring the many uses and effects of laughter in theatre, Eric Weitz considers laughter as a tool of political resonance, as social commentary, and as one of the oldest rhetorical devices.
Vocal tracks : performance and sound media
Shocked but connected : notes on laughter
Republic of Nauru
Redeeming laughter : the comic dimension of human experience
Main street mystics : the Toronto blessing and reviving Pentecostalism
Split down the sides : on the subject of laughter
Case concerning certain phosphate lands in Nauru (Nauru v. Australia) : order of 8 February 1991 = Affaire de certaines terres à phosphates à Nauru (Nauru c. Australie) : ordonnance du 8 février 1991
Inside jokes : using humor to reverse-engineer the mind
Case concerning certain phosphate lands in Nauru (Nauru v. Australia) : order of 13 September 1993 = Affaire de certaines terres à phosphates à Nauru (Nauru c. Australie) : ordonnance du 13 septembre 1993
Risus mediaevalis : laughter in medieval literature and art
School days, fun days : creative ways to teach humor skills in the classroom
Playing the fool : subversive laughter in troubled times
Feminism and contemporary art : the revolutionary power of women ́s laughter / Jo Anna Isaak
Standardization and tacit knowledge : interaction and practice in the survey interview
Case concerning certain phosphate lands in Nauru (Nauru v. Australia) : order of 25 June 1993 = Affaire de certaines terres à phosphates à Nauru (Nauru c. Australie) : ordonnance du 25 juin 1993
Laughter in ancient Rome : on joking, tickling, and cracking up
Greek laughter : a study of cultural psychology from Homer to early Christianity
For ages, women have been considered as the emotional sex. The aim of this book is to investigate this stereotype. A wide range of emotions, such as anger, pride, shame, sadness, and joy, and emotional expressions, such as smiling and laughing are covered in the various chapters. The purpose of each chapter is to show whether sex differences have been found in psychological research in relation to one of these aspects of emotion, in which situations these differences were especially strong, and how (the absence of) these differences can be explained. This book is the first in its field to systematically present an overview of research and theory on gender differences in emotion.
Freya Snufflenose's lost laugh
The meaning of laughter in Jewish jokes
Laughter and work-life
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Epigraphical laughter
Who laughs at whom in Greek comedy
The anatomy of humor : biopsychosocial and therapeutic perspectives
Laughter and derision in Petronius' Satyrica : a literary study
Laughter at the foot of the cross
On humour : its nature and its place in modern society
Kids who laugh : how to develop your child's sense of humor
On humour
National styles of humor
The linguistics of laughter : a corpus-assisted study of laughter-talk
Theatre & laughter
Backlight 08 : tickle attack
On the comic and laughter
The Toronto blessing - or is it?
Laughter in interaction
Laughter in medical interaction : from quantification to analysis, and back
The semiotics of clowns and clowing : rituals of transgression and the theory of laughter
The morality of laughter
The Bright side of life
Studies of laughter in interaction
When I'm happy
Laughing and crying of preschool children : a study of the social and emotional behaviour of young children as indicated by laughing and crying
"What made the Romans laugh? Was ancient Rome a carnival, filled with practical jokes and hearty chuckles? Or was it a carefully regulated culture in which the uncontrollable excess of laughter was a force to fear-a world of wit, irony, and knowing smiles? How did Romans make sense of laughter? What role did it play in the world of the law courts, the imperial palace, or the spectacles of the arena? Laughter in Ancient Rome explores one of the most intriguing, but also trickiest, of historical subjects. Drawing on a wide range of Roman writing-from essays on rhetoric to a surviving Roman joke book-Mary Beard tracks down the giggles, smirks, and guffaws of the ancient Romans themselves. From ancient 'monkey business' to the role of a chuckle in a culture of tyranny, she explores Roman humor from the hilarious, to the momentous, to the surprising. But she also reflects on even bigger historical questions. What kind of history of laughter can we possibly tell? Can we ever really 'get' the Romans' jokes?"--
Curious behavior : yawning, laughing, hiccupping and beyond
Why is that so funny? : a practical exploration of physical comedy
Emotion in interaction
"To make truth laugh" : Umberto Eco and the power of laughter
The anatomy of laughter
Carnival and theater : plebeian culture and the structure of authority in Renaissance England
Holy foolery in the life of Japan : a historical overview
Laughing matters : a conversation analytical study of laughter in doctor-patient interaction
Beyond laughter
Laughing : a psychology of humor
Stinking deed, deepest love : same-sex sexuality in later medieval English culture
Moving with lively ease from Aristotle to Lucille Ball and beyond, Frances Gray achieves a tour-de-force treatment of women and comedy while preserving humor throughout--her own and that of her subjects. She writes with clarity and theoretical rigor, providing a wealth of amusing anecdotes.
Women and laughter
Taking humour seriously
Laughter as a patient's resource : dealing with delicate aspects of medical interaction
During the last 300 years circus clowns have emerged as powerful cultural icons. This is the first semiotic analysis of the range of make-up and costumes through which the clowns' performing identities have been established and go on developing. It also examines what Bouissac terms 'micronarratives' - narrative meanings that clowns generate through their acts, dialogues and gestures. Putting a repertory of clown performances under the semiotic microscope leads to the conclusion that the performances are all interconnected and come from what might be termed a 'mythical matrix'. These micronarratives replicate in context-sensitive forms a master narrative whose general theme refers to the emergence of cultures and constraints that they place upon instinctual behaviour. From this vantage point, each performance can be considered as a ritual which re-enacts the primitive violence inherent in all cultures and the temporary resolutions which must be negotiated as the outcome. Why do these acts of transgression and re-integration then trigger laughter and wonder? What kind of mirror does this put up to society? In a masterful semiotic analysis, Bouissac delves into decades of research to answer these questions.
Case concerning certain phosphate lands in Nauru (Nauru v. Australia) : preliminary objections : judgment of 26 June 1992 = Affaire de certaines terres à phosphates à Nauru (Nauru c. Australie) : exceptions préliminaires : arrêt du 26 juin 1992
Laughing gods, weeping virgins : laughter in the history of religion
I think, therefore I laugh : the flip side of philosophy
Fellows of infinite jest : the fool in Renaissance England
Case concerning certain phosphate lands in Nauru (Nauru v. Australia) : order of 29 June 1992 = Affaire de certaines terres à phosphates à Nauru (Nauru c. Australie) : ordonnance du 29 juin 1992
Comic laughter : a philosophical essay
Art and laughter
The case of the man who died laughing : from the files of Vish Puri, "most private investigator"
The importance of not being earnest : the feeling behind laughter and humor
The necessity of theater : the art of watching and being watched
12th International summer school and symposium on humour and laughter : theory, research and applications, University of Eastern Finland, Savonlinna Campus 2nd - 7th July 2012
Ridens res humanas : Marcus Aurelius' Derision for the concerns of men (The Historia Augusta and the Meditations)
Proverbs as precision guided humor
Laughter down the centuries. Vol. 2
Laughter : a scientific investigation
The sad princess
Narratives and emotions : revealing and concealing laughter
The biology of laughter : medical, functional, and anthropological : the human ethological aspects
Humor and laughter : an anthropological approach
Laughter, postcolonial discourse and anthropological representation : essay
A cultural history of humour : from antiquity to the present day
Sudden glory : laughter as subversive history
Laugh and learn : 95 ways to use humor for more effective teaching and training
Subversive pleasures : Bakhtin, cultural criticism, and film
Laughter : notes on a passion
Feminist studies : critical studies
Talking about laughter and other studies in Greek comedy
Emotional display in argument, storytelling and teasing : a multimodal analysis
Shakespeare and laughter : a cultural history
Laughter down the centuries. Vol. 1
"On the following pages, we will retrace the origins and evolution of holy foolery in Japan. We will witness its near extinguishment through the process of modernization and globalization. We will see why Japan needs holy foolery more than ever. And we will identify contemporary traces that suggest a basis for optimism about laughter's possible resurgence." from inside jacket cover.
Race riots : comedy and ethnicity in modern British fiction
Understanding humor in Japan
The cultivation of hatred
Laughter in the face of death : the case of Robert Burns
Erich Fromm and Critical Humor Research
Laughter and ridicule : towards a social critique of humour
The artist's joke
Country operational strategy : Republic of Nauru
Immortal comedy : the comic phenomenon in art, literature, and life
Dimensions of laughter in Crime and punishment
Post Risus : notes on the Symposia of Laughter down the Centuries in 1993, 1994 and 1996.
Share the fire : the Toronto blessing and grace-based evangelism
A history of English laughter : laughter from Beowulf to Beckett and beyond
The use of humor in psychotherapy
Laughter down the centuries. Vol. 3
Laughter therapy : how to laugh about everything in your life that isn't really funny
Gender and emotion : social psychological perspectives
Cheeky fictions : laughter and the postcolonial
Laughing and weeping in early modern theatres
