http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p771 madrigals
madrigals
Invitation to madrigals. 6, [for S-S-A-T-B & S-S-A-T-Ba-B]
Care away, away, away.. : madrigal for mixed (or mens') voices
The Chester books of madrigals. 8, Place names
The English madrigal composers
The Italian madrigal. Vol. 2
A double madrigal : for mixed chorus with tenor, soprano and clarinet solo
The Italian madrigal and related repertories : indexes to printed collections, 1500-1600
Modal subjectivities : self-fashioning in the Italian madrigal
Invitation to madrigals. 3, for S-S-A a graded selection of 23 three-part works
The Chester books of madrigals. 7, Warfare
The songs from old France : including chansons, noëls, brunettes, airs à boire et à danser, tambourins et rondeaux from the 14th through the 18th century and English translations and International Phonetic Alphabet transliterations of all the French song texts with commentaries by Wekerlin, Tiersot and Gartside
THE SECOND SET OF MADRIGALES
English madrigal verse, 1588-1632
The madrigal
The triumphs of oriana
King's Singers' madrigal history tour
They say that Susan has no heart for learning : madrigal for three-part chorus of women's voices with piano accompaniment
Sing me a little song = Fammi una canzonetta : a collection of canzonettas, ballettos and madrigals by Italian masters : for four-, five- and six-part mixed voices
The Chester books of madrigals. 3, Desirable women
English and Italian renaissance madrigals = Englische und italianische Renaissance-Madrigale = Madrigaux anglais et italiens de la renaissance
From madrigal to opera : Monteverdi's staging of the self
Invitation to madrigals. 2, a graded selection of 20 four-part works
Sing we and chant it : and other such popular madrigals arranged for three-part mixed voices a cappella
Matka Eedeniin = A journey to Eden
The chromatic fourth during four centuries of music
The Penguin book of English madrigals for four voices
The second Penguin book of English madrigals for five voices
Shades and darkness
The book of madrigals : secular vocal music of the European Renaissance
Ayres and madrigals
Music Divine : Songs of 3, 4, 5 and 6 parts
Italian madrigals Englished : (1590)
The Byrd edition. Volume 16, Madrigals, songs and canons
The Chester books of madrigals. 6, Smoking and drinking
English madrigals from the courts of Elizabeth I and James I
Sweet Philomel : Madrigal by John Ward
European madrigals : for equal voices
The Chester books of madrigals. 2, Love and marriage
Pre-classical polyphony
Draw on sweet night : english madrigals
The Maecenas and the madrigalist : patrons, patronage, and the origins of the Italian madrigal
The Chester Books of Madrigals. 1 : The Animal Kingdom
The King's Singers' madrigals. Vol. 2, European madrigals in 5 parts
The Oxford book of English madrigals
Ayres and Madrigals
Venus and Adonis : a madrigal for mixed chorus : fourth encounter
Invitation to madrigals. 7, for SSATB & SSATBaB
The Italian madrigal
The King's Singers' madrigals. Vol. 1, European madrigals in 4 parts
Invitation to madrigals. 8, a selection of 8 works by Thomas Morley for SATB, SSAT, SSATB, SAATB
Ten madrigals : for mixed voices
Principally contains motets, part songs and excerpts of Masses for 4-5 mixed voices, unacc. Also includes one work for organ and 2 works for 1-2 lutes.
Gesualdo's harsh and bitter music : expressive and constructive devices in the six books of five-voice madrigals
All creatures now
English madrigals : Byrd, Morley, Tomkins, Weelkes, Wilbye
Venus and Adonis : a madrigal for mixed chorus : third encounter
Invitation to madrigals. 3, for S-S-A
Fair Oriana : madrigals in celebration of Elizabeth I
Anthology of Italian song of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. Book 2
Invitation to madrigals. 5, [a second selection of four-part works]
The first booke of canzonets : to two voyces
Three classic madrigals : for mixed chorus
The Composer
The Triumphs of Oriana : Madrigals
Canzonets or little short songs : to three voyces
Invitation to madrigals. 9, selected from volumes 10 and 11 of the english madrigalists
The King̕s Singers madrigal history tour
The most beautiful madrigals
More European madrigals : for equal voices
Slow, slow, fresh fount : a grave madrigal : for mixed chorus (S.A.T.B. a cappella)
Early music
Chansons de la renaissance : Songs of the renaissance
Monteverdi and the end of the Renaissance
The Italian madrigal. Vol. 1
The triumphs of Oriana
The first set of madrigals and mottets : of5. parts, apt for viols and voyces
The Chester book of madrigals. 2, Love and marriage
Draw On Sweet Night : English Madrigals = Englische Madrigale = Madrigaux anglais
Invitation to madrigals. 11, Madrigals for SSATB & SATTB
The Chester books of madrigals. 4, The seasons
Ars Britannica
Invitation to madrigals. 1, [a graded selection of 25 three-part works]
In celebration
The Penguin book of English Madrigals : For four voices
An ode for music : 11 analyses of choral compositions of Zoltán Kodály
Piping Anne and husky Paul : madrigal for four-part chorus of mixed voices (a cappella)
13 Villanelle : for four voices or instruments
Madrigals and partsongs
Five ballets : 1595 : for five voices or instruments
Invitation to madrigals. 5, a selection of four-part works for S-A-T-B
The golden age of the madrigal : twelve Italian madrigals for five-part chorus of mixed voices
The Chester books of madrigals. 1, The animal kingdom
An Elizabethan song book : lute songs, madrigals and rounds
Chanson & madrigal  1480-1530 : studies in comparison and contrast : a conference at Isham Memorial Library, september 13-14, 1961
English madrigals and songs : from Henry VIII to the 20th century
Claudio Monteverdi : songs and madrigals
La renaissance anglaise : music in early 17th century England
While the bright sun : madrigal for mixed voices (S. A. T. B.)
Ayeres or phantasticke spirites for three voices : 1608
Madrigals to 3, 4, 5, and 6 voices (1597)
Invitation to madrigals. 10, Six madrigals
Invitation to madrigals. 4, for S-A (or T-B) a graded selection of 24 two-part works for voices &/ instruments
The Lady Oriana : for 6 voices or instruments
The art of the Netherlands
All at once well met : English madrigals
22 madrigals : for four voices or instruments
Invitation to madrigals. 12, Madrigals for four voices : Book one
Ballo: Movete al mio bel suon : for tenor solo, quintet (or chorus) SSATB, two violins, cello, harpsichord
The Chester books of madrigals. 5, Singing & dancing
The Italian madrigal. Vol. 3
