http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7717 facial expressions
facial expressions
Computer facial animation
In Nonverbal Messages, Paul Ekman reveals the motivations and the serendipity that led to his many remarkable accomplishments—mapping the vocabulary of gestures, providing a tool for measuring facial expressions, and proving the evidence of their universality.
Nonverbal expression of emotion in family assessment context
Body Language : how to read other's thoughts  by their gesture
Pre-attentive change detection of emotional facial expressions : effects of depression and a short psychological intervention - and ERP study
Meet happy bear
Theories of human communication
The power of body language : how to succeed in every business and and social encounter
Collins gem body language
Facial expressions as an interactional resource in everyday face-to-face conversation
Facial action coding system : investigator's guide Part Two
Brain's change detection elicited by emotional facial expressions in depressed and non-depressed individuals
Unmasking the face : a guide to recognizing emotions from facial clues
Microaggressions and marginality : manifestation, dynamics, and impact
Verbal and nonverbal features of human-human and human-machine interaction : cost action 2102 international conference, Patras, Greece, October 29-31, 2007; revised papers
Andrea de Jorio's La mimica degli antichi investigata nel gestire napoletano ('Gestural Expression of the Ancients in the light of Neapolitan gesturing'), was first published in Naples in 1832. It soon became famous for its descriptions and depictions of Neapolitan gestures, but it is only with the recent expansion of scholarly interest in gesture that its true importance has come to be recognized. It is the first book ever written which presents what is, in effect, an ethnographic study of gesture. Treating gesture as a culturally established communicative code, analogous to language, the book sets out to describe, with reference to an explicitly defined cultural group, the gestural expressions of ordinary people as these are used in everyday life. It also deals with numerous issues important for any semiotics of gesture, such as the question of the relationship between physical form and meaning, the problem of how to present a description of the gestural repertoire of a community in a consistent manner, the importance of context for the interpretation of gesture, how gestures may be combined, how they develop as metaphorical expressions, among many others.
The expression of the emotions in man and animals
The body language of liars : from little white lies to pathological deception : how to see through the fibs, frauds, and falsehoods people tell you every day
Facial expression in psychology
The book of tells : how to read people's minds from their actions
Understanding body language
Verbal and Signed languages : comparing structures, constructs and methodologies
The social baby
Facial expressions : a visual reference for artists
Nonverbal communication
Don't wake the tiger
The artist's complete guide to facial expression
The volume ends with a chapter devoted to a topic in applied linguistics: lexicography. For several articles video-examples are provided on the accompanying CD-ROM. This is just a relatively small portion of all the papers presented at TISLR 8, but it gives a representative sample of the research carried out in the field of sign linguistics. A field with an open horizon ahead! It was the second time that TISLR was organized outside North America and it attracted a very significant number of participants from all over the globe (almost 380). The book offers a representative sample of all those selected papers and it includes two of the invited lectures. All the articles submitted for this volume went through a specific anonymous peer reviewing procedure and the result of that is the collection presented here. The whole allows us to get a fair impression of a field that keeps expanding and becoming more and more prominent within linguistic research in general.
What does your body language say about you?  From strangers on the street, to your closest friends and family - even if you're not speaking, you're saying a lot with your body.  Body Language explores the way we use our bodies to communicate, the way we hold ourselves, the way we sit, stand, and point our hands, feet and eyes can all reveal how we are feeling in any given situation. This book explores the body language we use in a wide-range of business and personal-life scenarios, from delivering a presentation at work to how you should act on a first date!  Packed with images to clearly demonstrate each of the scenarios discussed, Body Language will help you understand the way others around you choose to communicate and also what you are saying with your own body. These valuable skills will improve your day to day communication, helping you to judge situations and understand how others around you are feeling.  Use Body Language to:   Harness the power of your own body language  Communicate confidently to all of those around you  Dip in and out of useful scenarios to find the best advice for you  Understand people's hidden emotions and learn what you are hiding yourself  Tackle those important life events, such as interviews, first dates, important meetings and more!
Intervention effects to preattentive processing of emotional information in depressed individuals : a study of ERPs and reaction times
What the face reveals : basic and applied studies of spontaneous expression using the facial action coding system (FACS)
Successful nonverbal communication : principles and applications
Baby signs : how to talk with your baby before your baby can talk
Making faces
Body language secrets
Learning through emotions in robotics
Relations of language and thought : The view from Sign language and deaf children
Effects of short intervention for the processing of facial expressions in depression
Awareness-independent encoding of angry faces : evolved mechanism of social anxiety?
A cultural history of gesture
The human animal : a personal view of the human species
The nonverbal communication reader : classic and contemporary readings
Emotional contagion to facial expressions : a social psychophysiological examination
The original edition of Emotion in the Human Face, published in 1972, was the first volume to evaluate and integrate all the research on facial expression of emotion since Darwin's The Expression of Emotions in Man and Animals was published in 1872. It presented a detailed, critical discussion of research involving the face and emotion, focusing on the complex conceptual and methodological issues involved, and settling many past controversies, such as whether the face provides accurate information about emotion, and whether some facial expressions are universal. In the second edition, published in 1982, Ekman expanded, reorganized, annotated, and cross-referenced the contents of the first edition, bringing the review of basic research up to date and charting the new developments in the field. This third edition includes a new Preface, three additional chapters, and a new conclusion summarizing Ekman's final views on the field that he played a large part in creating.
Nonverbal messages : cracking the code my life's pursuit : looking behind the curtain on how a scientist made his discoveries
The psychology of facial expression
Gestures and attitudes : an exposition of the Delsarte philosophy of expression
Methods for facial expression recognition with applications in challenging situations
Cognitive and computational aspects of face recognition : explorations in face space
Facial and verbal expressions in assessing stories and topics
Psychophysiology of flow experience : an explorative study
COGNITION & COGNITIVE PSYCHOLOGY. Human faces are unique biological structures which convey a complex variety of important social messages. Even strangers can tell things from our faces - our feelings, our locus of attention, something of what we are saying, our age, sex and ethnic group, whether they find us attractive. In recent years there has been genuine progress in understanding how our brains derive all these different messages from faces and what can happen when one or other of the structures involved is damaged. Face Perception provides an up-to-date, integrative summary by two authors who have helped develop and shape the field over the past 30 years. It encompasses topics as diverse as the visual information our brains can exploit when we look at faces, whether prejudicial attitudes can affect how we see faces, and how people with neurodevelopmental disorders see faces.
An empirical reflection on the smile
The art of pantomime
Nonverbal behavior : perspectives, applications, intercultural insights
The body language bible : the hidden meaning behind people's gestures and expressions
The development of face processing in infancy and early childhood : current perspectives
Techniques and theories of bodily expression : historical foundations in acting from classic Greece to the Commedia dell'arte
Body language : how to read others' thoughts by their gestures
Unmasking the social engineer : the human element of security
Signs of the time : selected papers from TISLR 8 [2004]
This volume offers a comprehensive overview of the field of nonverbal behaviour from a multidisciplinary and international perspective. It examines current applications of nonverbal behaviour in teaching, counselling and therapy, in addition to looking at the intercultural implications. Included is an extensive bibliography of books published on this subject over the last 100 years.
Body language : learn how to read others and communicate with confidence
Flirting for dummies
Agreed! : improve your powers of influence
Employee body language revealed : how to predict behavior in the workplace by reading and understanding body language
Face interface
A brief history of the smile
Pure and blended emotion in the human face : psychometric experiments
Self-expression
The language of the face
Hostility and aggression towards marginalized groups have taken a new form—microaggressions. Microaggressions are often unconsciously delivered as subtle snubs or dismissive looks, gestures, and tones. This edited book discusses the manifestation, psychological dynamics, and impact of microaggressions on not only the well–being of marginalized groups, but on their role in creating disparities in education, employment, and health care. Covering every major racial/ethnic group as well as gender, sexual orientation, disability, religion, and class, students and mental health researchers will benefit from this book's cutting–edge contributions.
A "happy" approach to speechreading : the effects of facial expression, emotional content, and script information on speechreading performance
Facial expressions babies to teens : a visual reference for artists
Mind reading emotions library
Body language : how to know what's REALLY being said
Nonverbal communication : readings with commentary
The definitive book of body language
Emotional facial expressions and the unconscious activation of physiological responses
Nonverbal communication : survey, theory, and research
What every body is saying : an ex-FBI agent's guide to speed-reading people
Theoretical issues in sign language research. Vol. 2, Psychology
Mime : a playbook of silent fantasy
Handbook of emotion elicitation and assessment
This collection of articles is a selection of some of the papers that were presented at the conference Theoretical Issues in Sign Language Research 8 (TISLR 8), which took place at the University of Barcelona between September 30th and October 2nd, 2004. TISLR is the most important international conference on sign language research and it constitutes a good overview of the current state of the field. First, because of the high standards held for the selection of papers, and second, because despite the linguistic focus, it incorporates work on sign in related fields such as neurolinguistics or psycholinguistics. The thematic blocks of the book deal with phonetics and phonology of sign, topics related to intonation, different aspects of morphology, syntax, semantics of sign languages, different aspects of sign language acquisition and two chapters are devoted to the analysis of what is commonly referred to as role shift.
The you code : what your habits say about you
Nonmanuals in sign language
The secret body language of girls : decoding the far-too-subtle body language of women
Emotion in the human face
InterGrammar : toward an integrative model of verbal, prosodic and kinesic choices in speech
As the reader will notice immediately after a quick look at the table of contents, the range of topics addressed in the individual contributions is very broad and the number of sign languages studied too - the crosslinguistic slant is recurrent in many of the chapters, a valuable feature in itself. Nevertheless, an attempt has been made to group the 17 chapters by thematic affinity into recognizable sections. Still, it should be made clear that these divisions are one of many possible ones and thus artificial: in most of the cases there are aspects of the paper that have a clear link to another thematic section. This is a natural outcome of the fact that linguistic research does not remain limited to isolated compartments, but usually looks into different subdomains in order to reach substantial results.
Body language : the signals you don't know you're sending, and how to master them..
The challenge of facework : cross-cultural and interpersonal issues
How to speak chimpanzee
Exploring early imitation
Fundamentals of nonverbal behavior
Gesture in Naples and gesture in classical antiquity : a translation of La mimica degli antichi investigata nel gestire napoletano, Gestural expression of the ancients in the light of Neapolitan gesturing
Body language : how to know what's really being said
Nonverbal communication in human interaction
Social perception and cognition : processing of gestures, postures and  facial expressions in the human brain
Body language : a guide for professionals
The body language phrasebook : 500 ways to read the signs
Human facial expression : an evolutionary view
Bodily communication
Intercultural communication and body language
Experiences in interpersonal communication
Stop staring! : facial modeling and animation done right
Animating facial features & expressions
Reading faces : window to the soul?
Group dynamics and emotional expression
Emotion - attention interactions in infants' face processing
From mime to sign
Bodytalk : a world guide to gestures
The body language handbook : how to read everyone's hidden thoughts and intentions
Recognition of the sex, expression, and familiarity of faces
Human territories : How we behave in spacetime
Brief psychological intervention for depression : an ERP study
Body language for management in a week
The blossom method : the revolutionary way to communicate with your baby from birth
Emotions in EFL learning
Mouth and tongue let's have some fun
Stereoscopic Imaging Technology: Perception, Emotion, and Acceptance
Body language : what you need to know
Emotions revealed : recognizing faces and feelings to improve communication and emotional life
Japanese and English gesture : contrastive nonverbal communication
Representing emotions : new connections in the histories of art, music, and medicine / edited by Penelope Gouk and Helen Hills
The social context of nonverbal behavior
Pre-attentive brain responses to mood-congruent facial expressions are sensitive to changes in depressive symptoms
