http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p772 strawberry
strawberry
Two caravans
Influence of colonization by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi on three strawberry cultivars under salty conditions
Aromas of some strawberry and blueberry species and varieties studied by gas liquid chromatographic and selected ion monitoring techniques
Isolation, identification and localization of endophytic bacteria in strawberry (Fragaria x anamassa Duch. L. and F. vesca L.)
Finnish culture and fragaria : changes and continuities
Proceedings of the Fourth International Strawberry Symposium. Vol. 2
Open the eyes of my heart
Evaluation of three methods to assess winter-hardiness of strawberry genotypes
Proceedings of the XXV International Horticultural Congress : Brussels, Belgium 2-7 August, 1998. Part 3, Culture techniques with special emphasis on environmental implications
The strawberry : a world bibliography, 1920-1966
Plant cell and hairy root cultures in bioreactor-based production processes
Strawberry : growth, development and diseases
Third International Strawberry Symposium : Veldhoven, the Netherlands, 29 April - 4 May 1996. Vol. 2
Proceedings of the International strawberry symposium, Cesena (Italy) May 22-27, 1988 : Vol. 1-2
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Volume 2 : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Plant adaptation to hyperosmotic environments is generally associated with reduced growth and ultimately yield loss, making farming difficult. The potential of mycorrhizal symbioses to alleviate salt stress has been documented and benefits to plant revealed to be specific and dependent to both plant cultivars and fungal strains.  A factorial greenhouse experiment was performed to determine the effects of three arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) species (Funneliformis caledonius, F. mosseae and Rhizophagus irregularis) on three "day-neutral" strawberry (Fragaria × ananassa Duch.) cultivars ("Albion", "Charlotte" and "Seascape"), and a mixture of R. irregularis and F. mosseae on "Seascape", under four salt conditions (0-200 mM NaCl).  The overall results showed that plant biomass decreased with increasing salinity.  The cultivars responded differently to both AMF and salinity, and "Seascape" was more tolerant to salinity than the other cultivars.  AMF enhanced plant growth and improved salt tolerance by increasing the proportion of medium (0.5<ɸ≤1.5 mm) and coarse (ɸ>1.5 mm) diameter roots. The mixture of two AMF species increased root and shoot mass to a higher degree than each species alone at low salinity (0-50 mM) but reduced fruit quality.  At higher levels (100-200 mM), R. irregularis alleviated salt stress and improved fruit quality to a higher degree than the other AMF species.  Our results support the use of bio-inoculants in saline horticultural areas.  Because cultivars respond differently to fungal inoculants, and inoculants prefer specific environmental conditions, fungal inoculants need to be screened on a cultivar- and condition-specific basis.
Variation in strawberry (Fragaria X ananassa Duch.) yield, season, and fruit quality = Variasjonar i sesong, avling og fruktkvalitet i jordbær (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.)
Winter hardiness of micropropagated and conventionally propagated strawberry plants
Introduced pathogens found on ornamentals, strawberry and trees in Finland over the past 20 years
Sucrose, glucose, fructose, citric, malic, ascorbic (AA) and dehydroascorbic (DHAA) acids, total polyphenols (TP), radical scavenging activity (RSA), physicochemical and sensorial properties were determined on F. vesca Alpine (ALP) and Regina delle Valli (RDV) berries in relation to plant age and fertilisation treatment (Effective Microorganism Technology, EMT vs. traditional fertilization, TFT). ALP berries had a sum of AA and DHAA about 20% lower and TPs about 30% higher than RDV. Plant age affected most physicochemical parameters, sugars and organic acids, as well as sensorial appreciation, being them generally higher in berries produced in the second year. TPs were not affected by plant age. EMT produced an increase of 50%, 70% and 20% for TP, organic acids and RSA, respectively. Although changes in berry quality are expected with plant age, EMT cultivation of ALP should be preferred to the growth of RDV under TFT, to obtain fruits more valuable from the nutraceutical viewpoint.
Studies of the effects of industrial processing on fruit
Effect of photoperiod and the duration of short day treatment on vegetative and generative growth of strawberry 'Korona'
Winter survival of strawberry as affected by the type of planting material
Pest, disease and weed management in strawberry : progress and challenges for the Nordic production : 8-9 november, 2006, Lepaa, Finland
Proceedings of the Euro Berry Symposium Cost 836 : Final Workshop
Effects of ellagitannin rich berries on blood lipid profiles, gut microbiota and metabolism of phenolic compounds in metabolic syndrome
InterCourses : an aphrodisiac cookbook
Genetic control of flowering in the diploid strawberry Fragaria vesca
Morphological, nutraceutical and sensorial properties of cultivated Fragaria vesca L. berries: influence of genotype, plant age, fertilization treatment on the overall fruit quality
Effects of AMF- and PGPR-root inoculation and a foliar chitosan spray in single and combined treatments on powdery mildew disease in strawberry
Manipulating flower induction through temperature and photoperiod fluctuations
Crown branching and cropping potential in strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.) can be enhanced by daylength treatments
Evaluation of means to increase the content of bioactive phenolic compounds in soft fruits
Nutritional status of strawberry fields
Antioxidant capacities and antioxidants of strawberry, blackberry and raspberry leaves
Genetic variation and host specifity of Phytophthora cactorum isolated in Europe
The comparative ease and speed of international trade and travel have enabled or enhanced the spread of pests around the globe. For example, trade in ornamental plants has bolstered the spread of alien Oomycetes such as pathogenic species of Phytophthora. To date, four Phytophthora species have been identified in Finland: P. cactorum on Fragaria x ananassa, Betula pendula and Rhododendron spp., P. plurivora on Rhododendron spp. and Syringa vulgaris, and P. pini and P. ramorum on Rhododendron spp. The ascomycete Colletotrichum acutatum, which was listed as a quarantine pathogen by the European Union until 2009, was introduced in 2000 and can survive in plant debris over two winters in Finland. Positive PCR results have also been obtained from bait plants grown in soil collected from locations where diseased Fragaria x ananassa plants had earlier been destroyed. In the mid-1990s, there was an epidemic of foliar rust caused by the Asian basidiomycete Melampsoridium hiratsukanum on Alnus glutinosa and A. incana. Recently, two ascomycetes that have been introduced are Dothistroma septosporum (responsible for red band needle blight on Pinus sylvestris) and Chalara fraxinea (causing ash decline on Fraxinus excelsior).
Micropropagation in the strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.) inbred lines
Genetic and environmental manipulation of horticultural crops
Effect of mulching and fertilization on the quality of strawberries
Effects of prefreezing treatments on the structure of strawberries and jams
Strawberries under protection
Root rot of strawberry
Aspects of the biology of Botrytis cinerea in strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa), and alternative methods for disease control = Botrytis cinerea i jordbær (Fragaria x ananassa): undersøkelser av biologi, og alternative metoder for bekjempelse
Influence of photoperiod and duration of short-day treatment on vegetative growth and flowering of strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.)
Strawberry production guide for the northeast, midwest, and eastern Canada
A gardener's guide to growning strawberries organically
Effect of mulching systems on fruit quality and phytochemical composition of newly developed strawberry lines
Resistance to crown rot (Phytophthora cactorum) in strawberry : genetic variation between isolates, screening methods, induced resistance and cultivar resistance = Resistens mot rotstokkròte (Phytophthora cactorum) i jordbær : genetisk variasjon mellom isolat, metodar for resistenstesting, indusert resistens og sortsresistens
Eleven advanced strawberry lines ("SJ011‑10", "SJ0440‑2", "SJ061‑8", "SJ066‑3", "SJ069‑3", "SJ069‑12", "SJ0814‑37", "SJ8518‑11", "K04‑12", "LL0220‑10" and "V151") were evaluated for their yield, fruit quality, total phenolic content, total antioxidant capacity, and phenolic composition, and were compared with a commercial cultivar ("Wendy"). The results showed that "SJ069‑3" had excellent soluble solids content, mid-level titratable acidity, low weight loss, and the best firmness among all the cultivars. Higher total antioxidant capacity was found in "SJ069‑3", according to ferric reducing antioxidant power and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays, an indication that "SJ069‑3" is a promising new cultivar for the fresh market. In addition to rich individual phenolics, "SJ061‑8" had the highest total antioxidant capacity, which was significantly different from the other genotypes, suggesting the potential use of this line as parent material in breeding or as a functional food ingredient. There was a strong relationship between total antioxidant capacity and total phenolic content, according to Folin-Ciocalteu, ferric reducing antioxidant power, and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays. This study confirms that anthocyanins are major phenolic compounds contributing to the main antioxidant power of strawberries.
Factors affecting the internal quality of strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.) fruit
The effects of three mulching systems on total yield, average yield per plant, average fruit weight, soluble solids content (SSC), titratable acidity (TA), firmness and oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC) of two newly developed lines ("Orléans" and "Saint Pierre"), one advanced selection ("SJ8976-1") and two commonly used cultivars ("Jewel" and "Kent") were evaluated. The studied mulching systems were: plastic mulch (PM), mulch with row cover (PMRC), and matted-row system (MRS). Results showed that plastic mulch with row cover (PMRC) generally increased yield per plant, average fruit weight, SSC, firmness and ORAC, but differences varied within harvest times. No significant differences in total yield and TA were observed under the selected mulching systems. Both PMRC and PM accelerated the harvest periods compared to MRS. "Kent" and "Jewel" had the highest total yield while "SJ8976-1" and "St-Pierre" had the highest average fruit weight. The highest SSC, TA and ORAC were found in "Jewel". There was no interaction between the mulching systems and genotypes, indicating that the effect of production system is independent of cultivars. PMRC seems to be a better growing system, improving fruit quality and increasing the nutritional value of all genotypes. By allowing off-season fruit production in cool climates, PMRC can be an alternative method to the costly high tunnels.
4th International Strawberry Symposium, Tampere, Finland, 9-14 July, 2000 : book of abstracts
How to manipulate flower induction and dormancy through temperature and photoperiod fluctuation
Shelf life and quality changes of strawberry cultivars
Third International Strawberry Symposium : Veldhoven, the Netherlands, 29 April - 4 May 1996. Vol 1
The impact of genetic background and cultivation methods on the bioactive compounds and sensory properties of strawberries
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Foliar Nutrition of Perennial Fruit Plants : Meran, Italy, 11-15 September, 2001
Feeding of leaf beetle (Galerucella sagittariae) on strawberry leaflets sprayed with plant volatiles
Trials were carried out using, as a root inoculants, mixed Glomus spp. (G. mossae, G. caledonium, and G. fasiculatum) and Bacillus subtilis FZB24, and the plant activator N, O-carboxymethyl chitosan applied as a foliar spray. The treatments were applied singly and in combinations, on strawberry plants grown out of season in a greenhouse.  Both fruit yield and runner production were reduced due to disease.  Several of the treatments were found to have significant effects, increasing fruit number and yield, and runner production.  Disease symptom severity was lowest in the B. subtilis FZB24 plus chitosan treatment. The treatments giving significantly higher fruit yield/number and runner production werea inoculation with B. subtilis FZB24, and with B. subtilis FZB24 or AMF combined with chitosan spray. These treatments and a fungicide treatment, gave the same level of disease control.
Metabolic engineering of phenolic biosynthesis pathway and metabolite profiling of strawberry (Fragaria × ananassa) : Kati Hanhineva
Productive small fruit culture : a discussion of the growing, harvesting, and marketing of strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, currants, gooseberries and grapes
Regulation of strawberry growth and development
The strawberry in North America : history, origin, botany, and breeding
Fragaria virginiana and F. viridis on the southern coast of Finland
Survival of Campylobacter jejuni on various fresh produce
Molecular control of the yearly growth cycle in wild strawberry
Strawberry Shortcake : Field day and other stories
Berry crop breeding, production and utilization for new century : a proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress: Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August, 2002
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on Temperate Zone Fruits in the Tropics and Subtropics : Nauni, Solan, India, October 14-18, 2003.. Part 2
Hydroponic food production : a definitive guidebook of soilless food-growing methods
The berry grower's companion
Proceedings of the VIIth International Strawberry Symposium : Beijing, China, February 18-22, 2012
Organic strawberry production : a grower's guide
Proceedings of the Seventh International Symposium on Temperate Zone Fruits in the Tropics and Subtropics : Nauni, Solan, India, October 14-18, 2003
Mad about raspberries & strawberries
Proceedings of the XIth International Symposium on Small Fruit Virus Diseases : Antalya,Turkey, May 22-26, 2006
Hydroponic strawberry production : a technical guide to the hydrophonic production of strawberries
Agronomic characteristics and phytochemical profiles of advanced June-bearing strawberry lines for the northern Canadian climate
Genetic and environmental control of flowering in wild and cultivated strawberries
Proceedings of the Fourth International Strawberry Symposium
Two decades of naturalization in Finland of the octoploid strawberries, Fragaria chiloënsis and F. virginiata, from the boreal North America
Chemically induced resistance in strawberry (Fragaria × ananassa) and arctic bramble (Rubus arcticus) : biochemical responses and efficacy against powdery mildew and downy mildew diseases
Hydroponics : a practical guide for the soilless grower
Systematics and geographic distribution of the American strawberry species : taxonomic studies in the genus Fragaria (Rosaceae, Potentilleae)
Compendium of strawberry diseases
Proceedings of the Tenth International Symposium on Small Fruit Virus Diseases : Valencia, Spain, July 21-25, 2003
Pathogenicity, morphology and genetic variation of Phytophthora cactorum from strawberry, apple, rhododendron, and silver birch
"Suvetar" and "Valotar" - new strawberry cultivars
Evaluation of three methods to assess winter hardiness of strawberry genotypes
Effect of cropping system and peat amendment on strawberry growth and yield
Effects of fertilizer timing and application method in blackcurrant (Ribes nigrum L.) cv. Ben Tron and strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.) cv. Korona = Effekter av gjødslingstidspunkt og -metode i solbær (Ribes nigrum L) cv Ben Tron og jordbær (Fragaria x ananassa Duch) cv Korona
Proceedings of the Fifth International Strawberry Symposium : Coulum Beach, Queensland, Australia, September 5-10, 2004
