http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7730 idealism (attitudes)
idealism (attitudes)
Kantian reason and Hegelian spirit : the idealistic logic of modern theology
Introducing German idealists : mock interview with Kant, Hegel, Fichte, Schelling, Reinhold, Jacobi, Schlegel and a letter from Schopenhauer
Revolution, idealism and human freedom : Schelling, Hölderlin and Hegel and the crisis of early German idealism
The anatomy of idealism : passivity and activity in Kant, Hegel and Marx
The importance of subjectivity : selected essays in metaphysics and ethics
Wilhelm Dilthey's philosophy pf history
German idealism : an anthology and guide
Idealism, politics and history : sources of Hegelian thought
The discovery of historicity in German idealism and historism
Philosophical fragments or a fragment of philosophy
Why a 'Handshake' wasn't enough : a methodological experiment on the anthropological study of law
Ludwig Feuerbach and the end of classical German philosophy
Change your life, change the world : a spiritual guide to living now
A most wanted man
On the history of modern philosophy
Humanism : philosophical essays
Late German idealism : Trendelenburg and Lotze
Lectures on modern idealism
Hegel's Philosophy of mind : a revised version of the Wallace and Miller translation (Hegel's Encyclopaedia of the Philosophical Sciences)
The worldview of personalism : origins and early development
Current issues in idealism
Foundations of transcendental philosophy : (Wissenschaftslehre) Nova Methodo (1796/99)
Josiah Royce's late writings : collection of unpublished and scattered works (works relating to Josiah Royce). Volume 1
How to be a philosopher, or How to be almost certain that almost nothing is certain
Russell, idealism, and the emergence of analytic philosophy
A system of pragmatic idealism. Vol. 3, Metaphilosophical inquiries
Schelling and the end of idealism
Idealism : the history of a philosophy
The Cambridge companion to German idealism
The modern ideal : the rise and collapse of idealism in the visual arts from the Enlightenment to postmodernism
The tragic absolute : German idealism and the languishing of God
Self-consciousness and the critique of the subject : Hegel, Heidegger, and the poststructuralists
The philosophy of Hegel : a systematic exposition
"The American way" : family and community in the shaping of the American identity
Due respect : the morality of the welfare state
Philosophy after F. H. Bradley : a collection of essays
Josiah Royce's late writings : collection of unpublished and scattered works (works relating to Josiah Royce). Volume 2
The living consciousness of the german idealists
Spinoza and German idealism
The twenty-five years of philosophy : a systematic reconstruction
The Cambridge companion to Fichte
T.H. Green's theory of positive freedom : from metaphysics to political theory
Great books of the Western World. 35, A letter concerning toleration; Concerning civil government, second essay; An essay concerning human understanding / by John Locke -- The principles of human knowledge / by George Berkeley -- An enquiry concerning human understanding / by David Hume
An idealist view of life
Sculpture and the pursuit of a modern ideal in Britain, c. 1880-1930
Anglo-American idealism : thinkers and ideas
The social philosophy of English idealism
A history of philosophy. Volume 8, Modern philosophy : empiricism, idealism, and pragmatism in Britain and America
Rousseau and German idealism : freedom, dependence and necessity
A system of pragmatic idealism. Vol. 2, The validity of values : a normative theory of evaluative rationality
Political physics : Deleuze, Derrida, and the body politic
Idealization, 11, Historical studies on abstraction and idealization
Kant's transcendental idealism : an interpretation and defense
George Berkeley bicentenary
Projection and realism in Hume's Philosophy
Summary: "There can be little doubt that without Spinoza, German Idealism would have been just as impossible as it would have been without Kant. Yet the precise nature of Spinoza's influence on the German Idealists has hardly been studied in detail. This volume of essays by leading scholars sheds light on how the appropriation of Spinoza by Fichte, Schelling and Hegel grew out of the reception of his philosophy by, among others, Lessing, Mendelssohn, Jacobi, Herder, Goethe, Schleiermacher, Maimon and, of course, Kant. The volume thus not only illuminates the history of Spinoza's thought, but also initiates a genuine philosophical dialogue between the ideas of Spinoza and those of the German Idealists. The issues at stake - the value of humanity; the possibility and importance of self-negation; the nature and value of reason and imagination; human freedom; teleology; intuitive knowledge; the nature of God - remain of the highest philosophical importance today"--Provided by publisher.
British idealism and political theory
The Russell/Bradley dispute and its significance for twentieth-century philosophy
Understanding Hegel's mature critique of Kant
Hegel, Kant and the structure of the object
The impact of idealism : the legacy of post-Kantian German thought
German idealism : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 2
Berkeley and the principles of human knowledge
The philosophy of Hegel
Surrogates
Marxism and modern idealism
Understanding German idealism
Fidel & Che : a revolutionary friendship
On aesthetics : an unforgiving introduction
Biographical encyclopedia of British idealism
After Herder : philosophy of language in the German tradition
Ethics : a beginner's guide
Conservative echoes in Fin-de-siècle Parisian art criticism
Certainty as a social metaphor : the social and historical production of certainty in China and the West
German idealism : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 3
Optiques : the science of the eye and the birth of modern French fiction
Hegel, idealism, and analytic philosophy
Idealism : past and present
Points of view
Reason in philosophy : animating ideas
A ripple from the storm
The abyss of representation : Marxism and the postmodern sublime
The British idealists
Idealism : a critical survey
The idealistic reaction against science
The impact of idealism. Vol. 2, Historical, social and political thought
Anglo-American idealism, 1865-1927
Culture and the death of God
Eriugena, Berkeley, and the idealist tradition
The impact of idealism. Vol. 4, Religion
The health of nations : society and law beyond the state
Realism, idealism and international politics : a reinterpretation
Schiller to Derrida : idealism in aesthetics
Schelling and modern European philosophy : an introduction
Hegel and the Phenomenology of spirit
New perspectives on philosophy and education
Three dialogues between Hylas and Philonous
The coherence theory of truth : realism, anti-realism, idealism
The principles of human knowledge ; Three dialogues between Hylas and Philonous
A history of philosophy. Volume 9, Modern Philosophy : from the French revolution to Sartre, Camus and Lévi-Strauss
Samuel C. Rickless presents a novel interpretation of the thought of George Berkeley. In 'A Treatise Concerning the Principles of Human Knowledge' (1710) and 'Three Dialogues Between Hylas and Philonous' (1713), Berkeley argues for the astonishing view that physical objects (such as tables and chairs) are nothing but collections of ideas (idealism); that there is no such thing as material substance (immaterialism); that abstract ideas are impossible (anti-abstractionism); and that an idea can be like nothing but an idea (the likeness principle). It is a matter of great controversy what Berkeley's argument for idealism is and whether it succeeds. Most scholars believe that the argument is based on immaterialism, anti-abstractionism, or the likeness principle.
German Idealism develops its philosophy of history as the theory of becoming absolute and as absolute knowledge. Historism also originates from Hegel's and Schelling's discovery of absolute historicity as it turns against Idealism's philosophy of history by emphasizing the singular and unique in the process of history. German Idealism and Historism can be considered as the central German contribution to the history of ideas. Since Idealism became most influential for modern philosophy and Historism for modern historiography, they are analyzed in this volume in a collaboration of philosophers and historians. German Idealism is presented in Schelling and its critics Schlegel, Baader, and Nietzsche, Historism in Ranke, Droysen, Burckhardt, and Treitschke. The volume further presents the impact of Idealism and Historism on present German approaches to the philosophy of history and outlines the debates on the possibility of a philosophy of history and on the methodology of the historical sciences.
Truth : a primer
Transcendental idealism and the organism : essays on Kant
System of transcendental idealism (1800)
Principles of human knowledge ; and, Three dialogues between Hylas and Philonous
Metaphysik = Metaphysics
Transcendentalism never came to an end in America. It just went underground for a stretch, but is back in full force in Robert Brandom's new book. Brandom takes up Kant and Hegel and explores their contemporary significance as if little time had expired since intellectuals gathered around Emerson in Concord to discuss reason and idealism, selves, freedom, and community. Brandom's discussion belongs to a venerable tradition that distinguishes us as rational animals, and philosophy by its concern to understand, articulate, and explain the notion of reason that is thereby cast in that crucial demarcating role. An emphasis on our capacity to reason, rather than merely to represent, has been growing in philosophy over the last thirty years, and Robert Brandom has been at the center of this development. "Reason in Philosophy" is the first book that gives a succinct overview of his understanding of the role of reason as the structure at once of our minds and our meanings - what constitutes us as free, responsible agents. The job of philosophy is to introduce concepts and develop expressive tools for expanding our self-consciousness as sapients: explicit awareness of our discursive activity of thinking and acting, in the sciences, politics, and the arts. This is a paradigmatic work of contemporary philosophy.
A treatise concerning the principles of human knowledge : Part 1
A new theory of vision : and other select philosophical writings
An introduction to philosophy in education
One of the greatest British philosophers, Bishop Berkeley (1685-1753) was the founder of the influential doctrine of Immaterialism - the belief that there is no reality outside the mind, and that the existence of material objects depends upon their being perceived. The Principles of Human Knowledge eloquently outlines this philosophical concept, and argues forcefully that the world consists purely of finite minds and ideas, and of an infinite spirit, God. A denial of all non-spiritual reality, Berkeley's theory was at first heavily criticized by his contemporaries, who feared its ideas would lead to scepticism and atheism. The Three Dialogues provide a powerful response to these fears.
"This is a new critical edition of Berkeley's 1734 (third edition, first 1713) Three Dialogues, a text that is deservedly one of the most challenging and beloved classics of modern philosophy. The heart of the work is the dispute between materialism and idealism, two fundamentally opposed positions that are embodied by Hylas and Philonous, the characters in this philosophical drama. The book is packed with brilliant arguments and counter-arguments of an extraordinarily sophisticated nature. Amid all this philosophical swordplay one would think that there could be scant room for the characters to develop any sort of personality. Yet in Berkeley's hands, and with his literary gifts, the interlocutors are both vivid and funny. The dialogue deals with some of the most important perennial problems of philosophy, including: the materialism-idealism dispute, skepticism in rationalist and empiricist epistemology, the conflict over apriorism and aposteriorism, rationalism versus empiricism, the existence and nature of God, the philosophy of science, philosophy of mathematics, abstract general ideas, the role of perception in human knowledge, and the metaphysics of causation. This edition combines a usefully annotated version of Berkeley's complete original text with a substantial critical introduction, a chronology of events in Berkeley's life and career, and supplementary annotated appendices of original sources from thinkers relevant to Berkeley's work."--Publisher's website.
The nineteenth century is a period of stunning philosophical originality, characterised by radical engagement with the emerging human sciences. Often overshadowed by twentieth century philosophy which sought to reject some of its central tenets, the philosophers of the nineteenth century have re-emerged as profoundly important figures. The Routledge Companion to Nineteenth Century Philosophy is an outstanding survey and assessment of the century as a whole. Divided into seven parts and including thirty chapters written by leading international scholars, the Companion examines and assesses the central topics, themes, and philosophers of the nineteenth century, presenting the first comprehensive picture of the period in a single volume: * German Idealism * philosophy as political action, including young Hegelians, Marx and Tocqueville * philosophy and subjectivity, including Schopenhauer, Kierkegaard and Nietzsche * scientific naturalism, including Darwinism, philosophy of race, experimental psychology and Neo-Kantianism * utilitarianism and British Idealism * American Idealism and Pragmatism * new directions in Mind and Logic, including Brentano, Frege and Husserl. The Routledge Companion to Nineteenth Century Philosophy is essential reading for students of philosophy, and for anyone interested in this period in related disciplines such as politics, history, literature and religion.
Tragedy, recognition, and the death of God : studies in Hegel and Nietzsche
The Cambridge companion to Hegel
Coleridge, philosophy and religion : Aids to Reflection and the mirror of the spirit
British idealism and the concept of the self
German idealism and the problem of knowledge : Kant, Fichte, Schelling, and Hegel
A system of pragmatic idealism. Vol. 1, Human knowledge in idealistic perspective
The riddle of existence : an essay in idealistic metaphysics
The Palgrave handbook of German idealism
Hegelian metaphysics
The afterlife of idealism : the impact of new idealism on British historical and political thought, 1945-1980
Recognition : Fichte and Hegel on the other
A world for us : the case for phenomenalistic idealism
Idealist ethics
Dieter Henrich and contemporary philosophy : the return of subjectivity
Ghostly apparitions : German idealism, the gothic novel, and optical media
Fichte's republic : idealism, history, and nationalism
On Royce
Critical responses to Josiah Royce : 1885 - 1916 / Volume 3, Papers in honour of Josiah Royce on his sixtieth birthday
Johann Gottlieb Fichte (1762-1814) was the founding figure of the philosophical movement known as German idealism, a branch of thought which grew out of Kant's critical philosophy. Fichte's work formed the crucial link between eighteenth-century Enlightenment thought and philosophical, as well as literary, Romanticism. Some of his ideas also foreshadow later nineteenth- and twentieth-century developments in philosophy and in political thought, including existentialism, nationalism and socialism. This volume offers essays on all the major aspects of Fichte's philosophy, ranging from the successive versions of his foundational philosophical science or Wissenschaftslehre, through his ethical and political thought, to his philosophies of history and religion. All the main stages of Fichte's philosophical career and development are charted, and his ideas are placed in their historical and intellectual context. New readers will find this the most convenient and accessible guide to Fichte currently available. Advanced students and specialists will find a conspectus of recent developments in the interpretation of Fichte.
The veil of isis : a series of essays on idealism
German idealism : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 4
German idealism : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 1
A history of philosophy. Volume 7, Modern philosophy : From the post-Kantian idealists to Marx, Kierkegaard, and Nietzsche
The philosophical rupture between Fichte and Schelling : selected texts and correspondence (1800-1802)
Schopenhauer : a consistent reading
Conception of God : a philosophical discussion concerning the nature of the divine idea as a demonstrable reality
The Routledge companion to nineteenth century philosophy
From romantic irony to postmodernist metafiction : a contribution to the history of literary self-reflexivity in its philosophical context
The enneads
Deutscher Idealismus und die analytische Philosophie der Gegenwart =  : German idealism and contemporary analytic philosophy
Berkeley's argument for idealism
Kant's idealism : new interpretations of a controversial doctrine
Idealism as modernism : Hegelian variations
The idealism of Charles S. Peirce
Schelling versus Hegel : from German idealism to Christian metaphysics
The impact of idealism. Vol. 3, Aesthetics and literature
Intersections : nineteenth-century philosophy and contemporary theory
Counterfactuals and scientific realism
Studies in the Hegelian dialectic
