http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7734 vitalism
vitalism
Life forms in the thinking of the long eighteenth century
Inventive life : approaches to the new vitalism
Change and necessity : an essay on the natural philosophy of modern biology
Vitalism in modern art, c. 1900-1950 : Otto Dix, Stanley Spencer, Max Beckmann, and Jacob Epstein
Aesthetics and emotions / Rakel Kallio
The physical, moral and spiritual : a study on vitalist psychology and the philosophy of religion of Lars Levi Laestadius
Creative evolution
Over the course of human history, the sciences, and biology in particular, have often been manipulated to cause immense human suffering. By investigating the past, this book features contributors who hope to better prepare us to discern ideological abuse of science when it occurs in the future.
The crisis in modernism : Bergson and the vitalist controversy
Vitalizing nature in the Enlightenment
Tracing the sources : vitalitist approach to nature and life
Nordic art : the modern breakthrough / David Jackson
Biology and ideology from Descartes to Dawkins
Can matter mark the hours? : eigteenth-century vitalist materialism and functional properties
Experimental life : vitalism in Romantic science and literature
Tracing the sources : vitalitist approach to nature and life / R. O.
A cultural history of medical vitalism in Enlightenment Montpellier
Shelley and vitality
"For many years, scholars have been moving away from the idea of a singular, secular, rationalistic, and mechanistic "Enlightenment project." Historian Peter Reill has been one of those at the forefront of this development, demonstrating the need for a broader and more varied understanding of eighteenth-century conceptions of nature. Life Forms in the Thinking of the Long Eighteenth Century is a unique reappraisal of Enlightenment thought on nature, biology, and the organic world that responds to Reill's work. The ten essays included in the collection analyse the place of historicism, vitalism, and esotericism in the eighteenth century--three strands of thought rarely connected, but all of which are central to Reill's innovative work. Working across national and regional boundaries, they engage not only French and English but also Italian, Swiss, and German writers."--
