http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7738 herpes simplex virus
herpes simplex virus
Induction of interferon in human monocyte cultures by herpes simplex virus
Serological evaluation of herpes simplex virus type 1 and type 2 infections in pregnancy
Expression of and antibody response to the herpes simplex virus specified major DNA-binding protein in acute and chronic herpes simplex virus infections
Gastric erosions : clinical significance and pathology : a long-term follow-up study
Herpes simplex virus infection, pathological pain and recurrent lymphocytic meningitis
Viral and cellular modulation of virus-induced apoptosis in experimental infection models
Motor behaviour in experimental herpes simplex virus brain infection : responses in dopamine and serotonin systems
Investigations on the virus of herpes simplex : the herpes simples complement fixation test and its use in the study of herpes antibodies
Herpes simplex virus : pathogenesis, immunobiology and control
Innate and Adaptive Immunity in Orolabial Herpes Simplex
Herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) pathogenesis and HSV gene therapy of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis
Herpes simplex and cytomegalovirus infections of the human uterine cervix : a cytopathological and clinical investigation
Activation of innate immune response in human macrophages by Herpes simplex virus-1 and crystallized monosodium urate
Gastric erosions – clinical significance and pathology:a long-term follow-up study
Innate and adaptive immunity in orolabial herpes simplex virus infection
Herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) infection and HSV-based vectors in treatment of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis in BALB/c mice
Novel animal models and gene therapy applications for glioblastoma multiforme
Development of Herpes simplex virus 1 vector for long-term transgene expression
Summary.
Immunomodulative treatment and experimental virus infections of the central nervous system
Peripheral facial palsy : grading, etiology, and Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome
Herpes simplex virus type I thymidine kinase - green fluorescent protein fusion gene as a tool in cancer gene therapy research
30th International Herpesvirus Workshop : IHW 2005, July 30 - August 4, 2005, Turku, Finland
Herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) is a common pathogen with an age-standardized seroprevalence of 52% in Finland. The most common manifestation of HSV-1 infection is labial herpes, but recently HSV-1 has emerged as the most common cause of primary genital herpes in Finnish women. HSV-1 can also lead to severe conditions such as encephalitis.After the primary lytic HSV-1 infection at the epithelia, the progeny viruses infect the innervating sensory neurons. The neuronal infection may lead to a quiescent infection form, called latency. Periodically, the virus may reactivate, which can lead to recurrent infection at the epithelia. During different phases of the viral life cycle the host cells try to restrict the infection. This study set out to investigate the roles of two HSV-1 proteins, γ134.5 and Us3 during different phases of the HSV-1 life cycle.The aim of the first study was to investigate how the deletion of Us3 affected host responses, especially Toll-like Receptor (TLR) signaling, in monocytic U937 cells. TLR3 expression was increased during Us3 deletion virus infections. This also led to increased activation of IRF-3 and increased expression of type I interferons (IFN) and an interferon stimulated protein. This study shows that TLR3 is involved in controlling the HSV-1 infection and that Us3 regulates IRF-3 activation.The second study focused on the role of the γ134.5 protein in HSV-1 latency. Embryonic mouse dorsal root ganglion (DRG) cultures were used as a cell culture model for HSV-1 latency and reactivation. In this model γ134.5 deletion viruses did not reactivate as efficiently as wild-type viruses, even though they replicated well and established latency in the neurons.Stress granules are part of the host response. In the third study, the roles of the innate immunity effectors HSV-1 Us3 and human Z-DNA binding protein 1 (ZBP1) in stress granule format ion (SG) were studied. Wild-type HSV-1 efficiently prevented the formation of SGs. The overexpression of ZBP1 resulted in accumulation of smaller but more abundant SGs during oxidative stress. Overexpression of Us3 did not significantly affect the size or number of SGs, but during Us3 deletion virus infection, SG proteins localized to cis-Golgi.This work shows that HSV-1 uses Us3 to evade and modulate host responses and that the γ134.5 protein is required for reactivation in mouse DRG cultures.
The roles of virulence factors Us3 and γ<sub>1</sub>34.5 during different phases of HSV-1 life cycle
Gastric erosions – clinical significance and pathology : a long-term follow-up study
Complement activation and regulation in mucosal infections
Inhibition of herpes simplex virus infection with RNA interference
The roles of virulence factors Us3 and γ134.5 during different phases of HSV-1 life cycle
