http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7747 special libraries
special libraries
Special libraries : a guide for management
The Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society
Museum librarianship
Kirjastotyön eettiset periaatteet = Etiska principer för biblioteksarbetet = Ethical principles of library work
The A.E. Nordenskiöld collection in the Helsinki University Library : annotated catalogue of maps made up to 1800.. Vol. 3, Books containing maps. Loose maps. Addenda to vols. 1-2
Anglicisms in the library
Commercial and technical libraries
Oriental manuscripts worldwide
Libraries and librarianship in India
Managing digital cultural objects : analysis, discovery and retrieval
The A.E. Nordenskiöld collection in the Helsinki University Library : annotated catalogue of maps made up to 1800.. Vol. 1, Atlases A-J
The A.E. Nordenskiöld collection in the Helsinki University Library : annotated catalogue of maps made up to 1800.. Vol. 2, Atlases K-Z
Dictionary of librarianship : including a selection from the terminology of information science, bibliology, reprography, higher education, and data processing : German-English, English-German = Wörterbuch des Bibliothekswesens : Unter Berücksichtigung der bibliothekarisch wichtigen Terminologie des Informations- und Dokumentationswesens, des Buchwesens, der Reprographie, des Hochschulwesens und der Datenverarbeitung : Deutsch-Englisch, Englisch-Deutsch
Arbeitshilfen für Spezialbibliotheken. Bd. 10, Essential management techniques for the technology-based special library : a "train-the-trainers" workshop, Berlin, 8th - 11th September 1998
Guide to libraries and information services in government departments and other organisations
Civic space/cyberspace : the American public library in the information age
Libraries and librarianship in China
Guidelines for libraries of government departments
The A.E. Nordenskiöld Collection in the Helsinki University Library : annotated catalogue of maps made up to 1800.. Vol. 5, 2, Index of geographical names. A hierarchical structure
The A.E. Nordenskiöld collection in the Helsinki University Library : annotated catalogue of maps made up to 1800.. Vol. 4, Index of titles of maps in alphabetical order
Guidelines for legislative libraries
Beyond the book : extending MARC for subject access
Directory of special libraries and information centers : a guide to more than 23,200 special libraries, research libraries, information centers, archives, and data centers maintained by government agencies, business, industry, newspapers, educational institutions, nonprofit organizations, and societes in the fields of science and engineering, medicine, law, art, religion, the social sciences, and humanities. Vol. 1, pt. 1, A-M (entries 1-12,374)
Directory of special libraries and information centers : a guide to more than 23,200 special libraries, research libraries, information centers, archives, and data centers maintained by government agencies, business, industry, newspapers, educational institutions, nonprofit organizations, and societies in the fields of science and engineering, medicine, law, art, religion, the social sciences, and humanities. Vol. 1, pt. 2, N-Z (entries 12,375-23,282) : appendixes and subject index
Resource guide on access to and interlending of alternative format materials
Directory of special libraries and information centers : a guide to more than 34,000 special libraries, research libraries, information centers, archives, and data centers maintained by government agencies ..
Facelifts for special libraries : a practical guide for revitalising diverse physical and digital spaces
Business and management libraries : opportunities and challenges in the 21st century
Libraries in the workplace
Engineering libraries : building collections and delivering services
Directory of special collections in Western Europe
The A.E. Nordenskiöld Collection in the Helsinki University Library : annotated catalogue of maps made up to 1800.. Vol. 5, 1, Index of atlases, books and loose maps. Chronological index of atlases, books and loose maps. Nominal index. Names of cartographers, engravers, map-authors and publishers. Index of geographical names in alphabetical order
Global library and information science : a textbook for students and educators : with contributions from Africa, Asia, Australia, New Zealand, Europe, Latin America and the Carribean, the Middle East, and North America
Kyujanggak : rediscovering its history and culture
The English-speaking world
Kyujanggak and the cultural history of books
The national library service
Dictionary of librarianship : including a selection from the terminology of information science, bibliology, reprography, and data processing : German - English, English - German = Wörterbuch des Bibliothekswesens : unter Berücksichtigung der bibliothekarisch wichtigen Terminologie des Informations- und Dokumentationswesens, des Buchwesens, der Reprographie und der Datenverarbeitung : Deutsch - Englisch, Englisch - Deutsch
Marketing for special and academic libraries : a planning and best practices sourcebook
Celia eLibrary : Process Improvement of eLibrary Services
Transforming research libraries for the global knowledge society
The world in the basement : international material in archives and collections
Libraries and learning resource centres
Library collection development policies : academic, public, and special libraries
Handbook of special librarianship and information work
Managing cataloging and the organization of information : philosophies, practices and challenges at the onset of the 21st century
Labour's memory : the Labour Movement Archives and Library 1902-2002
Directory of special libraries and information centers. Vol. 3, New special libraries
World guide to special libraries. Vol. 2, Libraries M-Z, Index
World guide to special libraries. Vol. 1, Libraries A-L
