http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7749 environmental risks
environmental risks
Tilapias as alien aquatics in Asia and the Pacific : a review
Managing climatic risks : adaptation as a social process
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of infant development. Volume 2, Applied and policy issues
Risk analysis and security countermeasure selection
Environmental hazards : assessing risk and reducing disaster
Environmental risk survey in metal industry
Environmental Life Cycle Assessment: Measuring the Environmental Performance of Products
Bayesian Network applications for environmental risk assessment
Geospatial techniques for managing environmental resources
Initial risk assessment of alien species in Nordic coastal waters
Risk-based environmental decisions : culture and methods
Health impact assessment : concepts, theory, techniques, and applications
Technical report on space debris
Risk analysis of water pollution
Abstract.
The natural and the social : uncertainity, risk, change
Basic introduction to pollutant fate and transport : an integrated approach with chemistry, modeling, risk assessment and environmental legislation
The Earthscan reader on adaptation to climate change
Starting a tourism company in Gambia : case company Jäälin Palvelupiste KY
The reality of precaution : comparing risk regulation in the United States and Europe
Risk management in the Gulf of Finland cargo flows
The objective of this thesis was to study the crisis management of Finnish national parks. In practice this involves assessing the possible crises that could actually occur in the national parks, how these could be prevented and, finally, what kinds of tools are used for managing these.    The theoretical framework of the study introduces crisis management, life-cycle of crisis and national park management. To get a closer look at the national parks, five case studies of different Finnish national parks were conducted. The chosen national parks include Archipelago National Park, Oulanka National Park, Pallas-Yllästunturi National Park, Patvinsuo National Park and Päijänne National Park. These parks were selected since they represent different locations, sizes, environmental features and, therefore, also potential crises.     The approach of the study is qualitative and the semi-structured interview was chosen as the main method of research. A representative of each selected national park was interviewed individually. The interviews resulted in five 29–55 minute recorded conversations which were subsequently transcribed for the purpose of analysis. The interviews were conducted in February 2011 and four of them were executed by Skype due to the long distances.    The key findings of the study reveal that various crises can occur in Finnish national parks if the circumstances are favourable and if no immediate actions are taken. Forest fires and various storms can threat all the parks, however, also animal attacks, avalanches and oil spills are potential risks in some of the parks. Many of the potential natural disasters, such as forest fires, are actually not considered crises without their impact on people or infrastructure. Tourism is also increasing in the national parks, thus it should be more closely considered since its negative impact is already visible in some parks. To avoid crises to happen, the importance of anticipation and communication together with co-operation with authorities as well as companies is highlighted. In conclusion, comprehensive planning is the key factor for being a step ahead vis-à-vis crises.
Valuation of ecological resources : integration of ecology and socioeconomics in environmental decision making
Mediterranean mountain environments
Radiation and environmental safety in North-West Russia : use of impact assessments and risk estimation
Crisis system : a critical realist and environmental critique of economics and the economy
Methodology for evaluation of hazards from solid waste and landfill-generated leachate
Scientific committees on consumer products, on emerging and newly identified health risks, on health and environmental risks : 2008 opinions
Natural hazards and disasters
Assessment and management of environmental risks : cost-efficient methods and applications
The social response to environmental risk : policy formulation in an age of uncertainty
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
Hazards analysis : reducing the impact of disasters
Aquaculture is a rapidly expanding sector of the global economy with an average growth rate of 8.8 percent per annum since 1970. This consistent increase in production is a result of expansion of markets, globalization of market access and an increasing market demand for seafood products during a period in which most capture fisheries are stagnating or in decline. Aquaculture is expected to continue to increase its contribution to the world's production of aquatic food and will further strengthen its role in food security and food safety, while also offering opportunities to alleviate poverty, increase employment and community development and reduce overexploitation of natural aquatic resources, thus creating social and generational equity, particularly in developing countries. This rapid development of the industry under various national and regional jurisdictions has resulted in a diversity of regulatory frameworks. Thus, FAO Members have requested guidance on the application of risk analysis with respect to aquaculture production. The purpose of this manual is to provide an overview of the risk analysis process as applied to aquaculture production and to demonstrate the variety of ways in which risk can manifest in aquaculture operations and management. The intention of this manual is to promote wider understanding and acceptance of the applications and benefits of risk analysis in aquaculture production and management. This manual is directed towards decisions-makers and senior aquaculture managers in FAO Members States. It includes an introduction to the methodology used to assess the risks posed by aquaculture operations to the environment, socio-political and economic well-being and cultural values, as well as the risks to aquaculture from outside influences, including potential environmental, socio-political, economic and cultural impacts. The manual contains six sections. Section 1 provides a background to the aquaculture sector and an introduction to the concepts of risk analysis. Section 2 presents the operating environment for risk analysis for the aquaculture sector by briefly reviewing the relevant international frameworks applicable to each risk category. Section 3 discusses a general risk analysis process for aquaculture. Section 4 provides brief overviews of the risk analysis process as applied in each of the seven risk categories. Section 5 briefly summarizes actions that need to be taken by FAO Members to promote the wider use of risk analysis for aquaculture development. Finally, Section 6 discusses future challenges to aquaculture and the role risk analysis might play in addressing them.
Hazard identification and evaluation in a local community
"This book presents a unique, interdisciplinary approach to disaster risk research, combining cutting-edge natural science and social science methodologies. Bringing together leading scientists, policy makers and practitioners from around the world, it presents the risks of global hazards such as volcanoes, seismic events, landslides, hurricanes, precipitation floods and space weather, and provides real-world hazard case studies from Latin America, the Caribbean, Africa, the Middle East, Asia and the Pacific region. Avoiding complex mathematics, the authors provide insight into topics such as the vulnerability of society, disaster risk reduction policy, relations between disaster policy and climate change, adaptation to hazards, and (re)insurance approaches to extreme events. This is a key resource for academic researchers and graduate students in a wide range of disciplines linked to hazard and risk studies, including geophysics, volcanology, hydrology, atmospheric science, geomorphology, oceanography and remote sensing, and for professionals and policy makers working in disaster prevention and mitigation"--
Environmental risk assessment : quantitative measures, anthropogenic influences, human impact
Application of risk assessment and multi-criteria analysis in contaminated land management in Finland
Greener management international : the journal of corporate environmental strategy and practice
Risk hazard damage : specification of criteria to assess environmental impact of genetically modified organisms : proceedings of the International Symposium of the Ecological Society of Germany, Austria and Switzerland, Specialist Group on Gene Ecology in Hannover, 8 - 9 December 2003
Risk management in the outdoors : a whole-of-organisation approach for education, sport and recreation
Environmental impact assessment methodologies
Starting a Tourism Company in Gambia : Case Company Jäälin Palvelupiste Ky
Degenerative findings on MRI of the lumbar spine : prevalence, environmental determinants and association with low back symptoms
Ecotoxicological characterization of waste : results and experiences of an international ring test
FAO biosecurity toolkit
Towards new solutions in managing environmental crisis : proceedings of the USA - Iran - Finland Environmental Workshop 14-15.9.2009, Haikko, Finland
"This book introduces the use of risk analysis as a tool for responsible environmental decision making in nanotechnology development, providing concise, yet informative, narratives on the topics of toxicology, occupational health and safety, and environmental implications of nanotechnology. This new edition presents new perspectives and provides updates on the technical, societal, and regulatory developments in the field. The text presents historical perspectives, provides an overview of current concerns, summarizes international efforts to address risk, describes methods for evaluating nanotechnology risks, and presents current and proposed approaches for managing those risks"--
Ecological basis of risk analysis for marine ecosystems symposium : book of abstracts : June 2nd-4th, 2014, Porvoo
The nuclear problem and different actors - the problems onto a political agenda
Evaluating economic risks of extreme weather events - from costs to resilience
Global assessment of acidification and eutrophication of natural ecosystems
The illusion of certainty : health benefits and risks
Out of the Woods: Crisis Management in Finnish National Parks
Evolution of sulfide oxidation and attenuation mechanisms controlling acid mine drainage in decommissioned low-sulfide tailings
The role of sorption in the ecological risk assessment of xenobiotics
The N-class database on environmental hazard classification : user's guide
Risk, media and stigma : understanding public challenges to modern science and technology
Mixture toxicity : linking approaches from ecological and human toxicology / edited by Cornelis A. M. van Gestel ... [et al.]
The development of the risk economy in the Circumpolar North
Integrated environmental modeling : pollutant transport, fate, and risk in the environment
Cautious about precaution : recent judicial practice concerning the status of precautionary principle in international law
Aquatic Invasions : International Journal of Research on Biological Invasions in Aquatic Ecosystems
Environmental Life Cycle Assessment is an introductory college level textbook on the science of Life Cycle Assessment. It provides materials for a full year of study. Over thirty LCA experts were brought together by the American Center for Life Cycle Assessment, with full redundant editing to provide a consistent and comprehensive coverage of this broad field of study. Exercises are provide for each topic, covering everything from the nuts and bolts of the science to issues such as ethics and communication. Students using this textbook need only practical experience (as can be provided in lab courses) to be able to sit the exam for Life Cycle Assessment Certified Professionals.
No world without end : the new threats to our biosphere
Are Malaysian Oil & Gas Service Council's members aware of environment risk assessment? : approach from the theory of situational awareness and general understanding of environment awareness in Malaysia
The atlas of coasts & oceans : ecosystems, threatened resources, marine conservation
Selection of hazardous substances for the risk management
Summary (s. 9). - Sammandrag (s. 11).
Elements of precaution : recommendations for the regulation of food biotechnology in Canada : an Expert Panel report on the future of food biotechnology
Environmental aspects related to nanomaterials
Scientific committees on consumer products, on emerging and newly identified health risks, on health and environmental risks : 2004-2006 opinions
Microbiological tests and measurements in the assessment of harmful substances and pollution
Risk assessment and risk management
Environmental chemistry
Maritime safety in the Gulf of Finland : review on policy instruments
Controlling air pollution in China : risk valuation and the definition of environmental policy
Environmental contaminants : assessment and control
Monitor : hazard monitoring for risk assessment and risk communication
Environmental management during construction phase
Cool it : the skeptical environmentalist's guide to global warming
Human and ecological risk assessment : theory and practice
Assessment 2007 : oil and gas activities in the Arctic - effects and potential effects. Volume 2
Natural and technological hazards and risks affecting the spatial development of European regions
Financial risk management instruments for renewable energy projects : summary document
Efficient reduction of indoor exposures : health benefits from optimizing ventilation, filtration and indoor source controls
Arsenic ecotoxicity in soils
Genetic engineering in agriculture : the myths, environmental risks, and altervanives
Ecological risk assessment for contaminated sites
Climate change and flood risk management : adaptation and extreme events at the local level
Environmental decision making and risk management : selected essays
Environmental risk planning and management
Nanotechnology : health and environmental risks
Crisis leadership : planning for the unthinkable
World at risk
Bioremediation of surface and subsurface contamination
Do we listen to earthworms? : tools for evaluating the Finnish Action Plan on the sustainable use of plant protection products
Alien species - environment, biorisks, future : fifth Environment Symposium of the Maj and Tor Nessling Foundation : 18-19 January 2007 Arken, Turku, Finland
The birth and success of new firms in a changing environment
Out of the Woods Crisis Management in Finnish National Parks
Cross-border risks in the Baltic Sea region : lessons to be learned
Conservation of cultural heritage, Guidelines for management of environmental conditions : Open storage facilities : definitions and characteristics of collection centres dedicated to the preservation and management of cultural heritage
In dubio pro natura? : a philosophical analysis of the precautionary principle in environmental and health risk governance
Assessments are to change the world : prerequisites for effective environmental health assessment
Potential bioavailability of particulate phosphorus i runoff from arable clayey soils
Risk assessment of modern landfill structures in Finland
Health and Environment in Sustainable Development: Five Years after the Earth Summit : Executive summary
Fukushima effect : a new geopolitical terrain
Fish consumption : human health effects and decision making
Environmental impacts of microbial insecticides : need and methods for risk assessment
Transboundary risk governance
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
Gambia is a diverse and exciting new market. The establishment of a company on a new market requires plenty of planning and background information. The commissioning company plans to start a hotel business in Gambia and the primary purpose of this thesis is to serve as a guide in that process. The research has been carried out as a case study. The empirical part is based on well-known and reliable primary and secondary printed sources. Electronic sources have been used to supplement the information. To deepen the understanding of the theory and to aid in the practice has practical information been gathered from various sources by questionnaires and theme interviews. The structure of the thesis is built as a zipper model, where theory and practice are combined in a discussion. The first part of the thesis focuses on the starting point analyses and offers more insight of Gambia as a market and operating environment. The purpose is to evaluate what the Gambian environment is like and to deepen the understanding of Gambia as a potential location for a travelling company. The secondary purpose is to offer tools for other Finnish companies that want to enter the Gambian market. The thesis has been narrowed down to focus on the tourism industry, but the theoretic part and practical advice can be used in any field of business. The end of the thesis focuses on the risks involving the business operations in Gambia and on the critical success factors in the hotel business. The schedule has been changed during the process due to difficulties reaching all interviewees. All parties interviewed have been professionals within the tourism and business branches. The interviews have been carried out as questionnaires vie E-mail or theme interviews by telephone or Skype. The interviewees have been two representatives of the commissioning company, a representative of a tour operator, the Finnish-Gambian ambassador and a Gambian director. The theoretic and practical data has been analyzed from different views. According to the gathered data is Gambia a potential location for a hotel business. All though the country is poor and is a dictatorship, is it believable that the government wants to develop the country further partly by democratic means. As the tourism industry is very important, the government tries to enhance its development with different inducements. Start-up companies are offered tax exemptions for a certain period and building land is given by the government. The ownership of foreigners are protected with legislation, which promises that the property will not be expropriated by the government. The bureaucracy is complicated and the corruption sets challenges especially for foreigners. The governmental tourism development agency provides advice and help in the process. At the same time the official wants to guarantee that the foreign investors are treated equally to the Gambians.
How to measure the environmental risks from uses of plant protection products for achieving the IPM requirements and risk communication : a case study on the production chain of cereal farming in Finland
The environmental risk caused by water-borne transportation in Lake Ladoga and River Neva
Kenya, a natural outlook : geo-environmental resources and hazards
Structural conditions of natural resource management : understanding the roles of complexity, control and evolution in societal resource use
Evaluating environmental risks of biological control introductions : how to select safe natural enemies?
Life course approach to the development of hostility and anger : family origins in childhood and unemployment in adulthood
Predictive data-driven modeling approaches in environmental management decision-making
Risks and decisions for conservation and environmental management
Parental Communication Deviance as a risk factor for thought disorders and schizophrenia spectrum disorders in offspring:The Finnish Adoptive Family Study
Ecosystem management : selected readings
Cadmium in wood ash used as fertilizer in forestry: risks to the environment and human health
Disaster and development
Hydrocarbon development in the offshore Arctic : can it be done sustainably?
Living with risk : the geography of technological hazards
Social scientific nuclear waste risk assessment in the Barents region
Implementing the precautionary principle : approaches from Nordic Countries, EU and USA
Assessing vulnerability to global environmental change : making research useful for adaptation decision making and policy
Dumped chemical weapons in the sea : options : a synopsis
The price of precaution and the ethics of risk
Extreme natural hazards, disaster risks and societal implications
APELL for mining : guidance for the mining industry in raising awareness and preparedness for emergencies at local level
The butterfly defect : how globalization creates systemic risks, and what to do about it
Spatial modeling techniques for mapping and characterization of acid sulfate soils
Governing environmental risk, particularly large-scale transboundary risks associated with climate change and pollution, is one of the most pressing problems facing society . This book focuses on a set of key questions relating to environmental regulation: How are activities regulated in a fragmented world - a world of nation states, regulators, domestic and international law and political contests - and one in which a range of actors, such as governments, corporations and NGOs act in order to influence regulations in specific policy areas? How are complex and trans-boundary environmental issues managed? What role does expert knowledge play in regulating this kind of issues? What give rules authority? In short, how do actors try to render an issue governable? Drawing on regulation theory, discourse theory and science and technology studies, and employing original research, the authors analyse the regulation of four kinds of complex and trans-boundary environmental issues: oil protection in the Baltic Sea, mobile phones and radiation protection, climate change adaptation and genetically modified crops. The outcomes include insights for policymakers, regulators and researchers into how dominant frames are constructed, legitimate actors are configured and authority is established. This in turn exposes the conditions for, and possibility of, developing regulation, making authoritative rules and shaping relevant knowledge in order to govern complex environmental risks.
Cold region hazards and risks
Mathematical methods of environmental risk modeling
Vietnam economic environment and financial risks
The social amplification of risk
Understanding and applying risk analysis in aquaculture : a manual for decision-makers
The rising sea
Tank cleaning in the Baltic Sea : assessment of the ecotoxicity of tank cleaning effluents / Milja Honkanen, Jani Häkkinen, Antti Posti
IN DUBIO PRO NATURA? A Philosophical Analysis of the Precautionary Principle in Environmental and Health Risk Governance
Alien species : environment, biorisks, future.- Fifth Environment Symposium of the Maj and Tor Nessling Foundation 18-19 January 2007, Arken, Turku, Finland
Risk communication : a handbook for communicating environmental, safety, and health risks
Assessments of regional and global environmental risks : designing processes for the effective use of science in decisionmaking
Risk-based planning : institutional uncertainty in the science-policy interface
Handbook of environmental risk assessment and management
Energy security and environment in the Western Balkans
Parameters for modelling the fate of chemicals in the environment
Selling results solutions : creating sales opportunities in mature industrial markets
