http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p774 regional administration
regional administration
The political economy of China's provinces : comparative and competitive advantage
Waste prevention at source until 2010, JESSE : final report of the project
Administrative reform and capacity building : the case of primary education in Bangladesh
NGP yearbook 2016 : geographies of well-being in the North
Market forces and communist power : local political institutions and economic development in China
Culture, power, and the state : rural North China, 1900-1942
The role of local institutions in reducing vulnerability to recurrent natural disasters and in sustainable livelihoods development : Philippines
Tourism : a modern synthesis
"Margaret Moore attempts here to offer a comprehensive normative theory of territory. The book provides an account both of the nature of rights to territory and of the nature of the right-holder, considering the arguments that might justify state territory as well as the appropriate relationship between the state, the people, and the land implied by that justificatory argument. After setting out the basics of the theory in the initial chapters, the author then compares her view to the main competing rival views (cultural nationalist and statist) and explains how her view handles the issues of boundary setting, corrective justice, natural resources, immigration and defensive rights. The volume provides the reader with a clear sense both of the existing state of the philosophical literature on territorial rights and of Moore's own views"--
From British to bumiputera rule : local politics and rural development in Peninsular Malaysia
Governing metropolitan regions
Boundaries for ecological modernisation : scale, place, environment and the forest industry in the Russian-Finnish borderlands
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
Evaluation : agriculture and rural development : preliminary study
Cultural, linguistic and educational rights in the Åland Islands : an analysis in international law
Public Organizations and Local Rural Development : an Empirical Analysis
This is the first major comparative study of the frontiers of the Ottoman Empire, one of the crucial forces that shaped the modern world. The essays combine archaeological and historical approaches to further understanding of how this major empire approached the challenge of controlling frontiers as diverse and far-flung as Central and Eastern Europe, Anatolia, Iraq, Arabia, and the Sudan. Ranging across the 15th to early 20th centuries, essays cover frontier fortifications, administration, society, and economy and shed light on the Ottomans' interaction with their neighbours, both Muslim and Christian, through warfare, trade and diplomacy. As well as summing up the current state of knowledge they also point the way to fresh avenues of research. The Frontiers of the Ottoman World will be essential reading for historians and archaeologists of the Middle East and early modern Central and Eastern Europe. Giving a particular prominence to the nascent discipline of Ottoman archaeology, the volume will also be of particular interest to students of Islamic archaeology.
The reach of the state : sketches of the Chinese body politic
EU multi-level governance in the making : community initiative LEADER+ in Finland and Germany
Gender regimes, citizen participation and rural restructuring
Place reinvention in the North : dynamics and governance perspectives
China's sent-down generation : public administration and the legacies of Mao's rustication program
Exemplary centre, administrative periphery : rural leadership and the New Order in Java
A regional representation in Brussels : the right idea for influencing EU policy-making? = Une représentation régionale à Bruxelles : un choix judicieux pour influer sur l'élaboration de la politique européenne?
Cross-border governance in the European Union
The Helsinki metropolitan area as a national and international cultural centre area
eGovernment in Europe's Regions : approaches and progress in IST strategy, organisation and services, and the role of regional actors
Participatory governance in rural development : evidence from Ukraine
The frontiers of the Ottoman world
Governing European cities : social fragmentation, social exclusion and urban governance
Beyond the state in rural Uganda
Learning cities, learning regions, learning communities : lifelong learning and local government
Helsinki : the traveller's guide
Global city-regions : trends, theory, policy
Environmental management for rural tourism and recreation
Cities, politics, and power
Anatomy of an Aid Encounter : Actors and Power in the Rural Water Supply and Sanitation Support Programme in Nepal
The role of policy and governance in European peripheral regions
Redistributive regionalism : narratives on regionalisation in the Nordic periphery
The usage of temporary agencies' services by restaurant companies in Helsinki
Metropolitan governance : capacity, democracy and the dynamics of place
Efforts to build statistical capacity in the developing world have often failed to produce the expected increases in information use in management and planning. The ways in which culture influences evidence-informed and results-oriented decision making in organizations in low- and middle-income countries are not well understood. In this explorative study, a sample of health managers working in the public sector in a rural district in Burkina Faso was interviewed to elucidate the relationships between cultural dimensions at the organizational level, organizational practices, and the use of routine health information in decision making. Based on the results, a conceptual framework for these relationships is proposed, and strategies are suggested for overcoming cultural constraints to information use.
Foreign students in Oulu Polytechnic School of Business Studies : what are the problems evolving from the multinational environment?
Patronage and Power : local state networks and party-state resilience in Rural China
Staff turnover : reasons, measurement and management in Finland's capital region Scandic Hotels in 2002
Southeast Asia in political science : theory, region, and qualitative analysis
Place reinvention : northern perspectives
The influence of organizational culture on the use of routine health information in decision making within government health services in rural Burkina Faso
Portrait of a Russian province : economy, society, and civilization in nineteenth-century Nizhnii Novgorod
Blazing new trails : villagers' committee elections in P.R. China
Rural tourism development and economic diversification for local communities in Botswana : the case of Lekhubu Island
The right of domicile on Åland : a report from the seminar The right of domicile, the right of trade, citizens' rights - cornerstones of Åland's autonomy held in Helsinki on 14 June 2007
Abstract and summary : Agriculture and rural development in the Finnish development cooperation - preliminary study.
Evolving regional and local development
Accountability without democracy : solidary groups and public goods provision in rural China
Portrait of the Helsinki region
The princes of Naranja : an essay in anthrohistorical method
Agriculture in the City's countryside
A political theory of territory
European integration and rural development : actors, institutions and power
Urbanization : its global trends, economics and governance
Dilemmas of victory : the early years of the People's Republic of China
Leadership and local power in European rural development
Tribal politics in Iran : rural conflict and the new state, 1921-1941
Decentralization and rural property taxation
Rural tourism : an introduction
Understand, analyse and manage a decentralization process : the RED-IFO model and its use
Zanzibar integrated land and environment management project : evaluation report
Democracy, development and decentralization in provincial Thailand
Understanding the local power structure in rural Bangladesh
The major asset of a hospitality company is its staff. Companies want to hold on to their good employees. Staff turnover is the movement of people out of the company. The thesis aims to find how the managers view staff turnover today, how organisations calculate staff turnover, measure it and manage staff turnover. Furthermore, the thesis aims to find what costs staff turnover causes for the company. The thesis consists of theoretical background about human resource management and staff turnover. The empirical part was done with a questionnaire based on the theoretical part. Ten managers in Finland's capital region's Scandic hotels were interviewed in January 2002. The interview was done in the hotel the manager was working in and each manager was in control of his department's human resource management. The major findings of the study were that human resource management is highly valued in among the respondents. The major reasons for staff turnover among employees were lack of advancement opportunities, inadequate pay and leaving to continue education. Staff turnover was seen to cause costs in training, lower service level and customer satisfaction. On the other hand, staff turnover was seen to bring new ideas to the company. Staff turnover is managed with normal human resource management methods, with the most important being career planning, performance appraisal, competitive wages and employee training.
Decentralisation and popular participation in Bolivia : the link between local governance and local development
Metropolitan governance without metropolitan government?
Ruling peasants : village and state in late Imperial Russia
Participation in artisanal fisheries management for improved livelihoods in West Africa : a synthesis of interviews and cases from Mauritania, Senegal, Guinea and Ghana
International business
Developing participation through projects? : a case study from the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Integrated management of European wetlands : final report : July 2004.
Ethnic transnational capital transfers and development : utilization of ties with South Korea in the Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture, China
