http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7756 agricultural chemicals
agricultural chemicals
Molecular mechanisms of resistance to agrochemicals
The biobased economy of the twenty-first century: agriculture expanding into health, energy, chemicals, and materials
Agrochemicals : preparation and mode of action
Proposal for environmental water quality standards in Finland
Agricultural chemicals. 1, Insecticides, agaricides and ovicides
Plant growth and leaf-applied chemicals
Patenting in the biological sciences : a practical guide for research scientists in biotechnology and the pharmaceutical and agrochemical industries
The herbicide glyphosate
Farming for drinking water : nitrate pollution of water: an assessment of a regulatory regime
Pesticides : an international guide to 1800 pest control chemicals
Caring for our future : action for Europe's environment : 25 issues at a glance
European directory of agrochemical products. Vol. 2, Herbicides
Chemicals from the side streams of agriculture and forestry. (English summary)
Environmental management tool kit for obsolete pesticides. Vol. 3, G. Safeguarding strategy. H. Disposal strategy. I. Environmental assessment report and environmental management plans
Feasibility study on the implementation of economic measures to reduce emissions of organic solvents : final report February 1994.
Is it safe to eat? : enjoy eating and minimize food risks
The complete book of pesticide management : science, regulation, stewardship, and communication
Designing national pesticide legislation
Official methods of analysis of the Association of Official Agricultural Chemists
Sittig's handbook of pesticides and agricultural chemicals
Report of the 30th Meeting of the Working Party on Plant Protection Products : Brno, CZ, 2000-05-10/12 = Rapport de la 30ème réunion du Groupe de travail sur les produits phytosanitaire
Agricultural exposures and cancer
Agrochemicals in soils
Pesticides in the modern world : a symposium prepared by members of the cooperative programme of agro-allied industries with FAO and other United Nations organizations
The international code of conduct on pesticide management
Biotechnology in agricultural chemistry
Consolidated list of products whose consumption and/or sale have been banned, withdrawn, severely restricted or not approved by governments. 9. issue, Chemicals
Health, safety and ergonomic aspects in use of chemicals in agriculture and forestry : proceedings of the XII Joint CIGR, IAAMRH, IUFRO International Symposium, 8-11 June 1993, Kiev, Ukraine
Metabolism of agrochemicals in plants
Dermal exposure assessment of chemicals : an essential part of total exposure assessment at workplaces
Agricultural medicine : occupational and environmental health for the health professions
Introduction to green chemistry
The world according to Monsanto : pollution, corruption, and the control of the world's food supply
European directory of agrochemical products. Vol. 1, Fungicides
Transport and retention of pollutants from different production systems
Opportunities for increasing crop yields : taken from proceedings of a meeting, held at the University of Reading, 17-21 September 1979 to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the Association of Applied Biology
Herbicides : chemistry, degradation, and mode of action. Vol. 2
CRC handbook of pesticides
Aquaculture and the environment in the European Community
Europe's environment : the Dobríš assessment
Crop protection chemicals reference
The agrochemicals handbook
Chemicals for crop improvement and pest management
Environmental pollution by pesticides
Farm chemicals handbook
The world according to Monsanto : pollution, corruption, and the control of our food supply
Ecological effects of pesticides on non-target species
Microbial transformation of highly persistent chlorinated pesticides and industrial chemicals
Baltic Sea initiative : background report
European directory of agrochemical products. Vol. 3, Insecticides, acaricides, nematicides
Crystalline forms of selected agrochemical actives : design and synthesis of cocrystals
Fate and prediction of environmental chemicals in soils, plants, and aquatic systems
Diagnosis of the nitrogen status in crops
Sustainable soils : the place of organic matter in sustaining soils and their productivity
Large-scale ecology : model systems to global perspectives
Plant growth regulator potential and practice
European business : facts and figures
Evaluation of detergent and cleaning products
Journal of AOAC international
Pesticides in world agriculture : the politics of international regulation
The worldwide directory of agrobiologicals 1991/92
Development of enhanced analytical methodology in pesticide chemistry
Agrochemicals : composition, production, toxicology, applications
Agriculture and environment : bringing food production and environmental protection in developing countries : proceedings of an international symposium sponsored by Division A-6 of the American Society of Agronomy in Cincinnati, OH, 7-12 November 1993
Saving the planet with pesticides and plastics : the environmental triumph of high-yield farming
Development of ultrasound-assisted digestion methods for the determination of toxic element concentrations in ash samples by ICP-OES
Pesticide residues in food and drinking water : human exposure and risks
Handbook on the use of pesticides in the Asia-Pacific region
Agricultural chemicals and the environment
Fundamental concepts of environmental chemistry
Pesticide index : an index of chemical, common and trade names of pesticides and related crop-protection products
Report of the 31th Meeting of the Working Party on Plant Protection Products : Jersey/Guernsey, 2001-06-08 = Rapport de la 31ème réunion du Groupe de travail sur les produits phytosanitaire
Europe's environment : statistical compendium for the Dobríš assessment
