http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7754 Balts
Balts
Medieval Christianity in the North : new studies
The Great Goddess and the Aistian mythical world
Connections between the Baltic-Finnic, the Baltic and the East Slavonic folk tales (on the grounds of folk tale type AT 840)
The history of the Baltic States
This book brings together life stories from five generations of Balts, living through the diverse and recurring transformations of the twentieth century: occupations, war, independence, totalitarianism, and democratic rule and market economy. The twentieth century history of the Baltic countries has often been deeply tragic. Lying on the coastline of the Baltic Sea, these rather small but strategically well located territories have historically found themselves in the middle of many power struggles between larger states, empires and other power-holders: the Teutonic Knights, Swedish kings, Tsarist Russia, Nazi Germany, the Soviet Union. Today, they are once again forced to stand up to the Russian Federation. Biographical interviewing is a field focused on individuals, and on how those individuals choose to re-create and present their lived lives, make meaning of it through the narratives they tell. To interpret the biographical narrations of Lithuanians, Latvians and Estonians, shaped by complex and controversial historical background, the authors use Pierre Bourdieu's concept of social and cultural capitals, the principles of Erving Goffman's framing analysis and Alessandro Portelli's distinction of private and public spheres, Anton Steen's investigations of post-Socialist elites and Piotr Sztompka's theory of cultural trauma, etc. Given analyses of particular biographical narrations are supplemented by brief historical and sociological overviews, which allow the reader to better understand the contexts of lived lives, and the mental atmosphere in which the interviews were conducted.
The Balts - the northern neighbours of the Slavs : [(Vth century B.C. to XIIIth - XIVth centuries)]
Changes, challenges and chances : conclusions and perspectives of Baltic Sea area studies
Baltic studies in Australia. 1
Exiles and constituents : Baltic refugees and American Cold War politics, 1948 - 1960
Kanklės as the remainder of the ethnic and ethnocultural cooperation among the Balts and Baltic Finns : problems of begining
"Small nations tied to Russia" : Baltic identity conveyed by Finnish schoolbooks from 1860s to the 2000s
A new atlas on the origins and early history of the Europeans
Sacred sites and holy places : exploring the sacralization of landscape through time and space
The chronicle of Henry of Livonia
In this volume two important veins of interdisciplinary research into the medieval period in Scandinavia and the Baltic region are merged, namely the Christianization process and landscape studies. The volume authors approach the common theme of sacrality in landscape from such various viewpoints as archaeology, philology, history of religion, theology, history, classical studies, and art history. A common theme in all articles is a theoretical approach, complemented by illustrative case studies from the Scandinavian, Baltic, or Classical worlds. Aspects of pagan religion, as well as Christianity and the establishment of the early Church, are considered within both geographical setting and social landscape, while the study of maps, place names, and settlement patterns introduces new methodologies and perspectives to expose and define the sacral landscape of these regions. The contributions are put into perspective by a comparison with research into the sacral landscapes of Central Europe and the Classical world. New interdisciplinary research methods and new models have been developed by the contributors to present new vistas of sacrality in the Scandinavian and the Baltic landscape. To open up these case studies, a selection of over sixty images and maps accompanies this cutting-edge research, allowing the reader to explore sacralization and the Christianization process within its medieval setting.
The supernatural in Slavic and Baltic literature : essays in honor of Viktor Terras
The Times guide to the peoples of Europe
The Amber Lands in the time of the Roman Empire
Fenno-ugri et slavi 1978 : papers presented by the participants in the Soviet-Finnish Symposium "The Cultural Relations between the Peoples and Countries of the Baltic Area during the Iron Age and the Early Middle Ages" in Helsinki May 20-23, 1978
Folklorica : Festschrift for Felix J. Oinas
Baltic biographies at historical crossroads
Papers in Slavic, Baltic and Balkan studies
Victims of Stalin and Hitler : the exodus of Poles and Balts to Britain
Problemy nacional'noj identifikacii, kul'turnye i političeskie svâzi Rossii so stranami Baltijskogo regiona v XVIII-XX vekah = Russia and the Baltic States: Political Relations, National Identity and Social Thought in XVIII- XX centuries
Some problems of baltic-slavic relations in prehistoric and early historical times
The engrossing history of Lithuania = Idomioji Lietuvos istorija
Gamta ir religija = Religion and nature
The Balts
Vice Admiral Eduard Baltin - Commander of the Black Sea Fleet
The Balts : the Northern neighbours of the Slavs
Such condescending impressions about the peoples living at the 'end of the world' have been adapted by Scandinavian historians who, until recently, have stressed the isolation and the otherness of the North, and ignored the many similarities to the culturally more developed Europe. This collection of articles by Nordic scholars is truly interdisciplinary, covering philology, history, archaeology, theology, and other approaches. It is divided into two parts, the first of which addresses conversion from a broad perspective, while the second is devoted to the consolidation of Christianity and ecclesiastical structures. The book investigates from a fresh viewpoint important aspects of Nordic Christianity in the Middle Ages and discusses to what extent ideas and institutions were adapted to local circumstances. It includes a variety of topics, such as the remnants of paganism, medieval saints cults, law, and church, to religious warfare, and the use of beer in cult and memory.
The Baltic World as a Multicultural Space : 5th Conference on Baltic studies in Europe, 5-7 june 2003.
Mare nostrum - mare balticum : commentationes in honorem professoris Matti Klinge
Of gods & holidays : the baltic heritage
We, the Balts
How to present a world apart : finding a ratio in introducing the medieval North and publishing the Chronicon livoniae of Henry of Latvia
The Baltic as a multicultural world : sea, region and peoples
Balti-English English-Balti dictionary
The world outlook of the ancient Balts
Sociolinguistic survey of northern Pakistan. Vol. 2, Languages of northern areas
Balts in Sweden : regional distribution, 1950 and 1989 : papers presented at the 11th Conference on Baltic Studies in Scandinavia, June 13-16, 1991, University of Stockholm
Democracy in the Baltic region : democratic theory and practice
The living goddesses
Baltic studies in Australia. 2
