http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7750 environmental disasters
environmental disasters ecological catastrophes
Drowning in oil : BP and the reckless pursuit of profit
"Leading political and environmental commentator on where we have gone wrong, and what to do about it. "Here are some of the things I try to fight: undemocratic power, corruption, deception of the public, environmental destruction, injustice, inequality and the misallocation of resources, waste, denial, the libertarianism which grants freedom to the powerful at the expense of the powerless, undisclosed interests, complacency."  George Monbiot is one of the most vocal, and eloquent, critics of the currentconsensus. In How Did We Get into this Mess?, which collects Monbiot's journalism over the last seven years, he brilliantly anatomises the state we are in: the devastation of our environment, the crisis of inequality, the corporate takeover of Nature, our obsessions with growth and profit and the decline of the political debate over what to do. While his diagnosis of the problems in front of us is clear-sighted and reasonable, he also develops solutions to challenge this politics of fear"--
Storms of my grandchildren : the truth about the coming climate catastrophe and our last chance to save humanity
Into the still blue
The memoirs of a survivor
Deep water : the Gulf oil disaster and the future of offshore drilling : report to the president
The year of the flood
Not one drop : betrayal and courage in the wake of the Exxon Valdez oil spill
Life as we knew it : [a novel]
Disaster and development
Chasing the sea : being a narrative of a journey through Uzbekistan, including descriptions of life therein, culminating with an arrival at the Aral Sea, the world's worst man-made ecological catastrophe, in one volume
Ecofront
Risk assessment and risk management
State of fear : a novel
From apocalypse to way of life : environmental crisis in the American century
Natural hazards and disasters
How did we get into this mess? : politics, equality, nature
The five horsemen of the modern world : climate, food, water, disease, and obesity
Huntress
The Last Hours of Ancient Sunlight
Nature, society and environmental crisis
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
In a barren land, teenage Lucy is taken away from the community she has grown up in and searches the vast countryside for a new home.
In a handful of dust
The massive. [Volume 1] : Black Pacific
In too deep : BP and the drilling race that took it down
On the ecocatastrophe of birch forests caused by Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) and the problem of reforestation
Orthodoxy and ecology : resource book
Global catastrophes : a very short introduction
International perspectives on teaching about hazards and disasters
Sixteen-year-old Lynn will do anything to protect her valuable water source, but the arrival of new neighbors forces her to reconsider her attitudes.
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. 5
Nature and madness
Handbook of environmental risk assessment and management
World without end : environmental disaster and the collapse of empires
Ecological disaster : cleaning up the hidden legacy of the Soviet regime
At risk : natural hazards, people's vulnerability and disasters
In the midst of the current ecological crisis, there is often lofty talk of the need for humanity to overcome its divisions and work together to tackle the big challenges of our time. But as this new book by Razmig Keucheyan shows, the real picture is very different.
Dinosaurs, diamonds, and things from outer space : the great extinction
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. 3
The day after tomorrow
Language of the Earth
Damming the Narmada
"This book presents a unique, interdisciplinary approach to disaster risk research, combining cutting-edge natural science and social science methodologies. Bringing together leading scientists, policy makers and practitioners from around the world, it presents the risks of global hazards such as volcanoes, seismic events, landslides, hurricanes, precipitation floods and space weather, and provides real-world hazard case studies from Latin America, the Caribbean, Africa, the Middle East, Asia and the Pacific region. Avoiding complex mathematics, the authors provide insight into topics such as the vulnerability of society, disaster risk reduction policy, relations between disaster policy and climate change, adaptation to hazards, and (re)insurance approaches to extreme events. This is a key resource for academic researchers and graduate students in a wide range of disciplines linked to hazard and risk studies, including geophysics, volcanology, hydrology, atmospheric science, geomorphology, oceanography and remote sensing, and for professionals and policy makers working in disaster prevention and mitigation"--
The angry earth : disaster in anthropological perspective
Environmental risks and the media
This world we live in : [a novel]
Environmental hazards : assessing risk and reducing disaster
Small islands, big issues : crucial issues in the sustainable development of small developing islands
El Niño : fact and fiction
As a 'Medieval Warm Period' prevailed in Western Europe during the tenth and eleventh centuries, the eastern Mediterranean region, from the Nile to the Oxus, was suffering from a series of climatic disasters which led to the decline of some of the most important civilisations and cultural centres of the time. This provocative study argues that many well-documented but apparently disparate events - such as recurrent drought and famine in Egypt, mass migrations in the steppes of central Asia, and the decline in population in urban centres such as Baghdad and Constantinople - are connected and should be understood within the broad context of climate change. Drawing on a wealth of textual and archaeological evidence, Ronnie Ellenblum explores the impact of climatic and ecological change across the eastern Mediterranean in this period, to offer a new perspective on why this was a turning point in the history of the Islamic world.
International security : politics, policy, prospects
When life nearly died : the greatest mass extinction of all time
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. 7
When a confrontation between a radical environmentalist group and a Danish cruiser erupts, Kurt Austin, leader of NUMA's Special Assignment Team is forced to rescue a shipful of trapped men. / WorldCat.
Arming Mother Nature : the birth of catastrophic environmentalism
The collapse of the eastern Mediterranean : climate change and the decline of the East, 950-1072
Hazards analysis : reducing the impact of disasters
Provides a moving account of the disappearances occurring all around us and traces the evolution of extinction as concept, from its first articulation by Georges Cuvier in revolutionary Paris up through the present day. The sixth extinction is likely to be mankind's most lasting legacy, compelling us to rethink the fundamental question of what it means to be human.
The Long Mars
In 2027, sixteen-year-old Tegan is just like every other girl--playing the guitar, falling in love, and protesting the wrongs of the world with her friends. But then Tegan dies, waking up 100 years in the future as the unknowing first government guinea pig to be cryogenically frozen and successfully revived. Appalling secrets about her new world come to light, and Tegan must choose to either keep her head down or fight for a better future.
Extreme natural hazards, disaster risks and societal implications
Disaster risk assessment and mitigation : arrival of tsunami wave in Thailand
Fundamentals of risk management : understanding, evaluating, and implementing effective risk management
The sixth extinction : an unnatural history
The drought
Say goodbye to the cuckoo : migratory birds and the impending ecological catastrophe
"Leading political and environmental commentator on where we have gone wrong, and what to do about it. "Here are some of the things I try to fight: undemocratic power, corruption, deception of the public, environmental destruction, injustice, inequality and the misallocation of resources, waste, denial, the libertarianism which grants freedom to the powerful at the expense of the powerless, undisclosed interests, complacency."  George Monbiot is one of the most vocal, and eloquent, critics of the current consensus. In How Did We Get into this Mess?, which collects Monbiot's journalism over the last seven years, he brilliantly anatomises the state we are in: the devastation of our environment, the crisis of inequality, the corporate takeover of Nature, our obsessions with growth and profit and the decline of the political debate over what to do. While his diagnosis of the problems in front of us is clear-sighted and reasonable, he also develops solutions to challenge this politics of fear"--
Lessons learned from the 1997-98 El Niño : once burned, twice shy?
White death : a Kurt Austin adventure, a novel from the NUMA® files
The drowned world
The middle path : avoiding environmental catastrophe
The rapture
Six degrees : our future on a hotter planet
The massive. [Volume 2] : Subcontinental
The massive. [Volume 3] : Longship
APELL for mining : guidance for the mining industry in raising awareness and preparedness for emergencies at local level
Militarism and global ecology : ideas in conflict
Man and the changing environment
The sixth extinction
What happens when bio-terrorism becomes a tool for corporate profits? And what happens when this forces humanity to the cusp of post-human evolution? This is a tale of Bangkok struggling for survival in a post-oil era of rising sea levels and out-of-control mutation / Library off Congress.
Aftermath : population zero
While we run
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. 6
Ecology of fear : Los Angeles and the imagination of disaster
Understanding Fukushima : designing for an embodied interaction with citizen science data
Environments at risk : case histories of impact assessment
Rushing waters
A guide to the end of the world : everything you never wanted to know
The balance of nature? : ecological issues in the conservation of species and communities
People of Esarn
Nuclear disaster at Fukushima Daiichi : social, political and environmental issues
Not a drop to drink
Climate wars : the fight for survival as the world overheats
Extreme emergencies : humanitarian assistance to civilian populations following chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear and explosive incidents - a sourcebook
Americans view their Dust Bowl experience
The precipice
As undisputed leader of the Soviet Union, Joseph Stalin was directly responsible for the deaths of up to 60 million of his fellow citizens, a truly horrific figure which confirms him as one of the most notorious mass murderers in history. But Stalin not only waged war against his own people, he and his successors regarded nature as an enemy that could be overcome by the might of Soviet technology and the brute force of slave labor. The building of vast networks of canals and the diversion of major rivers has created untold environmental damage, whilst Soviet nuclear and biological weapons programs contaminated vast areas and caused unimaginable agony for human and animal life. In this book, Struan Stevenson travels to the former Soviet republics of Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgystan, and Tajikistan. From the Semipalatinsk region of east Kazakhstan, where over 600 nuclear tests were carried out between 1949 and 1990, to the Aral Sea, the desiccation of which has reduced what was the world's fourth largest inland body of water to half the size it was just 50 years ago, he presents a grim catalogue of environmental catastrophe. As well as talking with those whose lives continue to be cruelly affected by this terrible legacy, he also meets those who are trying to deal with its wider consequences as it threatens to impact far beyond the steppes of Central Asia. Despite almost insurmountable challenges, however, there ultimately is a strong message of hope as both local and international organizations face up to the effects of disastrous and inhuman Soviet policies.
Global catastrophic risks
Allowance for discretization in hydrological and environmental risk estimation
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. 4
Water and disasters
Water : life in every drop
This world we live in
Stalin's legacy : the Soviet war on nature
Life as we knew it
The windup girl
Environmental risk analysis
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. 2
Nature is a battlefield : towards a political ecology
Under the never sky
From apocalypse to the new paradise : early ecological thinking and Aino Kallas' work in 1920s
The dead & the gone
Eco tycoon simulator : project green : PC CD-ROM
End game : tipping point for planet Earth?
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. 1
Abdi Taalib thought he was moving to Australia for a music scholarship. But after meeting the beautiful and brazen Tegan Oglietti, his world was turned upside down. Tegan's no ordinary girl - she died in 2027, only to be frozen and brought back to life in Abdi's time, 100 years later.  Now, all they want is for things to return to normal (or as normal as they can be), but the government has other ideas. Especially since the two just spilled the secrets behind Australia's cryonics project to the world. On the run, Abdi and Tegan have no idea who they can trust, and when they uncover startling new details about Project Ark, they realise thousands of lives may be in their hands.
