http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7757 chemicals
chemicals
Compilation of EPA's sampling and analysis methods
Chemicals in conservation : a guide to possible hazards and safe use
Report on the development and harmonisation of laws on toxic and hazardous  chemicals
International code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk (IBC Code) : resolution MSC.4(48) including proposed amendments and resolution MEPC.19(22)
Chemical product carrier MS Tavi : manual ullage tables for cargo tanks
Guidance on safety performance indicators : guidance for industry, public authorities and communities for developing SPI programmes related to chemical accident prevention, preparedness and response
The darkroom cookbook
GIS based chemical fate modeling : principles and applications
Quick selection guide to chemical protective clothing
Registry of toxic effects of chemical substances : 1978 edition
Mass and energy balance of ammonia recovery plant
Healthy buildings 2000 : wokshop summaries
Hazardous materials in the histopathology laboratory : regulations, risks, handling and disposal
Hawley's condensed chemical dictionary
Exposed : toxic chemistry of everyday products and what's at stake for american power
Environmental properties of chemicals. Volume 1
Occupational exposure databases : a proposal for core information for workplace exposure measurements on chemical agents
OECD guiding principles for chemical accident prevention, preparedness and response : guidance for industry (including management and labour), public authorities, communities, and other stakeholders
Chemicals in the workplace
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on Chemical and Non-Chemical Soil and Substrate Disinfestation : Leuven, Belgium, September 13 - 18, 2009
The use of adhesives in museums
"This book covers the integration of chemical fate modeling for use in Geographic Information System (GIS) functions. It features a practical and hands-on approach that's intended for modelers preparing maps of chemical emissions, and creating landscape and climate properties within a GIS, while chemical fate calculations are performed using specialized model codes. A relevant part of the book also discusses data retrieval and processing as a basis for modeling. As such, the book offers a one-stop reference for practitioners who wish to integrate GIS with chemical modeling"--
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 2, C
Endocrine disrupting chemicals
Water treatment by quaternized lignocellulose
Transport, bioavailability and effects of Ky-5 and CCA wood preservative components in aquatic environment
Complete detox workbook : 2-day, 9-day and 30-day makeovers to cleanse and revitalize your life
Vanity, vitality, and virility : the chemistry behind the products you love to buy
BCH CODE : code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk
Chemical and physical behavior of human hair
Analysis of the quality of wastewater from the service stations located in the operative area of Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority
Environment fact sheet : REACH : a new chemicals policy for the EU
Microbiological tests and measurements in the assessment of harmful substances and pollution
1,001 chemicals in everyday products
Classification of chemicals in the customs tariff of the European Communities. Vol. 7, (List in six languages)
Tiivistelmä: Emergency plan of special situation.
Application of structure-activity relationships to the estimation of properties important in exposure assessment
Bioavailability assessment of sediment-associated organic compounds through desorption and pore water concentration
Healthy buildings 2000 : proceedings. Vol. 3, Building physics
Chemicals in papermaking : 1997 PITA Annual Conference, Manchester, 15th & 16th October 1997 : conference proceedings
Information exchange according to reach
Chemical risk control
Improved selectivity in kraft cooking through changes in the cooking liquor concentration profiles
Technical guidance document on development of risk reduction strategies
Surfactant science and technology
Occurence of persistent organic contaminants in the Baltic cod (Gadus morhua) and their relation to MFO activity and early development
Breaking the vicious circle : toward effective risk regulation
Body toxic : how the hazardous chemistry of everyday things threatens our health and well-being
Eisler's encyclopedia of environmentally hazardous priority chemicals
Development of long-chain quaternaries for paper making and stabilisation of sizing cehmical
The fate of chemicals spilled on water : a literature review of physical and chemical processes
Chemicals, environment, health : a global management perspective
Chemistry, health and environment
Survey of transportation of liquid bulk chemicals in the Baltic Sea
Chemicals without harm : policies for a sustainable world
Nordic Symposium on Organic Environmental Chemicals : abstracts = Nordiskt möte om organiska miljögifter, 11.-14.9.1989
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 5, I-M
Fate and transport of organic chemicals in the environment : a practical guide
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 7, S-Z
A comparision of the Nordic product registers
Living in a chemical world : framing the future in light of the past
Code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk (BCH Code)
Preventive strategies for living in a chemical world : a symposium in honor of Irving J. Selikoff
Safety in hazardous wastes
Science for conservators. Book 3, Adhesives and coatings
Chemical safety in your business
Acrylate compounds : uses and evaluation of health effects
Industrial metabolism and river basin studies : a new approach for the analysis of chemical pollution
Calculated risks : the toxicity and human health risks of chemicals in our environment
Biological monitoring of chemical exposure in the workplace : guidelines. Volume 1
The effects of a mixture of effluent chemicals on subcellular endpoints in three-spined sticklebacks (Gasterosteus aculeatus L.)
Environmental and health risks of industrial chemicals : Finnish-Estonian congress of toxicology 22.-24.05.1997 Tartu : abstracts
Wood deterioration, protection, and maintenance
Analysis of malodorous nitrogen-containing compounds in paper and board products
"The book provides the fundamental knowledge necessary for the application of GIS in solving chemical fate modeling problems"--
Environmental properties of chemicals. Volume 2
Chemical risk assessment : a manual for REACH
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 6, N-R
Amalgam and health : new perspectives on risks
Structures of organic environmental chemicals
Chemisrty of Cooking and Cleaning
Genetic and related effects : An updating of selected IARC monographs from volumes 1 to 42 : report of an ad-hoc IARC Working Group which met in Lyon, 2-9 December 1986.
The right chemistry : 108 enlightening, nutritious, health-conscious and occasionally bizarre inquiries into the science of everyday life
Effects of harmful chemicals on soil animal communities and decomposition
Honey bees : estimating the environmental impact of chemicals
Principles for evaluating chemicals in the environment
Science for conservators. Book 1, An introduction to materials
European customs inventory of chemical substances : a guide to the classification of chemicals in the combined nomenclature. Vol. 2, Numerical list (by CUS-number), correlation between CAS- and CUS-numbers
Talented chemical news
Passive sampling in monitoring of nonylphenol ethoxylates and nonylphenol in aquatic environments
Predictive data-driven modeling approaches in environmental management decision-making
Biological monitoring of chemical exposure in the workplace : guidelines. Volume 2
Report of the European workshop on national registers of chemical products, 30 November and 1 December 1995, Tampere, Finland
Emergency plan of special situation : opinnäytetyö
Tufted carpet : textile fibers, dyes, finishes, and processes
Dangerous properties of industrial materials. Vol. 3, F-Z
Healthy Buildings 2003 : energy-efficient healthy buildings : proceedings of ISIAQ, 7th International Conference, 7th-11th December 2003, Singapore
The poison paradox : chemicals as friends and foes
Handbook of detergents. Part E : applications
The Condensed chemical dictionary
Description of a computer program for chemical spill simulation
Chemicals & reactions
Chemical ecology and phytochemistry of forest ecosystems
Vanity, vitality, and virility : the science behind the products you love to buy
Chemical time bombs : linkages to scenarios of socioeconomic development
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 1, A-B
Classification of chemicals in the customs tariff of the European Communities. Vol. 3, Alphabetical list (in English)
Solubility and solvents for conservation problems
Overall evaluations of carcinogenity
Enantioselective hydrogenation of 1-phenyl-1,2-propanedione
Chemicals control in Finland
International code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk : IBC Code
The effects of calcium for retention chemicals
Analysis of textile chemicals
Simulation of a chemical recovery process
Aerosol cloud dispersion and the suitability of the homogeneous equilibrium approximation
Chemicals in the workplace. Appendices
Advancing the ecotoxicological relevancy of zebrafish : application of early-juvenile 20dpfZF to assess xenoestrogenicity of environmental chemicals and samples
OECD guidelines for the testing of chemicals : May 2002.. Vol. 1, Fourteenth addendum to the OECD guidelines for the testing of chemicals
Assessment 2007 : oil and gas activities in the Arctic - effects and potential effects. Volume 2
OECD guidelines for the testing of chemicals. Sec. 2, Degradation and accumulation : Vol. 2.
Drinking water quality and network materials in Finland : summary report
Chemicals control in Finland : legislation and authorities
Biofilm formation and its elimination from food processing equipment
The ultimate book of science : everything you need to know
Waste and Chemical Management on Wärtsilä Power Plant Construction Site
Chemicals for life and living
This book is an essential guide and support to understanding of the science and policy, procedure and practice that underpins the REACH risk assessments required for the use and placing on the market of chemicals in the European Union. A clear understanding of information provision and how this affects the assessment of chemical safety is fundamentally important to the success of policy on chemicals and ultimately to the sustainability of the chemicals industry. Within the book, the scientific processes that underpin the policy are explained in a practical way. Importantly, it includes coverage of techniques to help solve the problems of using potentially risky and hazardous chemicals through the use of less hazardous alternatives and 'green chemistry', and also the analysis of the risks of the use of the most hazardous substances against the social and economic benefits of use. Chemical Risk Assessment: A Manual for REACH covers the following main themes: i) Assessment of chemical risk; ii) Risk management; iii) Hazard reduction, substitution and green chemistry; iv) Risk versus benefit -- socio-economic analysis. The book acts as a practical guide and overview to chemicals risk assessment and risk management (in the EU context), as well as a support text for planning for the challenges of the future, which will see ever-increasing pressure to withdraw hazardous substances from the EU (and global) market, balanced against opportunities for innovation in the development of less hazardous chemicals.
Inventory of critical reviews on chemicals
BCH code : code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk
Tanker safety guide chemicals
Overview / executive summary (s. 8-11).
Handbook of physical-chemical properties and environmental fate for organic chemicals
A cloud over Bhopal : causes, consequences, and constructive solutions
Estimating environmentally important properties of chemicals from the chemical structure
The hydrolysis of aluminium, a mass spectrometric study
Toxic beauty : how hidden chemicals in cosmetics harm you
Consolidated list of products whose consumption and/or sale have been banned, withdrawn, severely restricted or not approved by governments. 7. issue, Chemicals
Talousveden käsittelyyn tarkoitetut kemikaalit : nestemäinen rauta(III)sulfaatti = Chemicals used for treatment of water intended for human consumption : iron (III) sulfate liquid
Towards safe and effective use of chemicals in coastal aquaculture
IBC Code : international code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk with standards and guidelines relevant to the code
Pre-acculturation among voluntary migrants
Large-scale ecology : model systems to global perspectives
Control of chemicals in articles : preliminary report
Environmental properties of chemicals = Kemikaalien ympäristöominaisuuksia
European product registration : a review of information systems for chemical products
Linking environmental agents to autoimmune diseases : monograph based on papers developed from the Workshop on Linking Environmental Agents to Autoimmune Diseases held 1-3 September 1998 in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina
Report of the joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation on the Risks and Benefits of Fish Consumption : Rome, 25-29 January 2010.
Development of enhanced analytical methodology in pesticide chemistry
European customs inventory of chemical substances : a guide to the classification of chemicals in the combined nomenclature. Vol. 1, Alphabetical list of chemical products
Evaluation under REACH : progress report
Biorefineries and chemical processes : design, integration and sustainability analysis
Purification of laboratory chemicals
Patch testing : test concentrations and vehicles for 4350 chemicals
Chemicals in the European environment : low doses, high stakes?
NBC 2003 : symposium proceedings
Parameters for modelling the fate of chemicals in the environment
Bulk Liquid Chemical Handling Guide for Plants, Terminals, Storage & Distribution Depots (BLCH Guide)
Sanitation: cleaning and disinfection in the food industry
Chemicals often have a negative Image among the general public. But there is no material world or indeed human beings without chemicals. The material world is operated by chemicals. The title &quot;Chemicals for Life and Living&quot; implies that the material world is staged and played by chemicals. This book consists of five parts and an appendix. Part 1 - Essentials for life; Part 2 - Enhancing health; Part 3 - For the fun of life; Part 4 - Chemistry of the universe and earth; and, Part 5 - Some negative effects of chemicals. The appendix gives a brief summary of what chemistry is all about.
Chemical recovery in pulp and papermaking
NIOSH pocket guide to chemical hazards : online version
Water-related problems are increasing globally, and new, low-cost technologies are needed to resolve them. Lignocellulosic waste materials contain reactive functional groups that can be used to provide a bio-based platform for the production of water treatment chemicals. Research on bio-based ion exchange materials in the treatment of real wastewaters is needed.In this thesis, anion exchange materials were prepared through chemical modification (epichlorohydrin, ethylenediamine and triethylamine) using five Finnish lignocellulosic materials as bio-based platforms. Scots pine sawdust and bark (Pinus sylvestris), Norway spruce bark (Picea abies), birch bark (Betula pendula/pubescens) and peat were chosen due to their local availability and abundance. The focus was placed on NO3- removal, but uptake of heavy metals, such as nickel, was also observed and studied. Studies on maximum sorption capacity, mechanism, kinetics, and the effects of temperature, pH and co-existing anions were used to elucidate the sorption behaviour of the prepared materials in batch and column tests.All five materials removed over 70% of NO3- at pH 3–10 (initial conc. 30 mg N/l). Quaternized pine sawdust worked best (max. capacity 32.8 mg NO3-N/g), and also in a wide temperature range (5–70°C). Column studies on quaternized pine sawdust using mining wastewater and industrial wastewater from a chemical plant provided information about the regeneration of exhausted material and its suitability for industrial applications. Uptake of Ni, V, Co and U was observed. Column studies proved the easy regeneration and reusability of the material.For comparison, pine sawdust was also modified using N-(3-chloro-2-hydroxypropyl) trimethylammonium chloride and utilized to remove NO3- from groundwater and industrial wastewater. A maximum sorption capacity of 15.3 mg NO3-N/g was achieved for the synthetic solution. Overall, this thesis provides valuable information about bio-based anion exchange materials and their use in real waters and industrial applications.
Why poison ourselves? : a precautionary approach to synthetic chemicals
Assessment of environmental pollutants in humans from four continents : exposure levels in Slovakia, Guinea-Bissau, Nicaragua and Bangladesh
Catalysis for sustainable energy production
Abstract: Emergency plan of special situation.
European customs inventory of chemicals : a guide to the tariff classification of chemicals in the combined nomenclature
Chemical product carries MS Tavi : manual ullage tables for cargo tanks
Choosing safer foods : a guide to minimizing synthetic chemicals in your diet
Textile chemicals : environmental data and facts
Shadow catchers : camera-less photography
Chemical formulation : an overview of surfactant-based preparations used in everdyday life
Safety evaluation of chemicals on laboratory animals : proceedings of the Finnish-Soviet Symposium, Kuopio 20-22 May 1986
Environmental chemodynamics : movement of chemicals in air, water, and soil
Ullmann's fine chemicals
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 3, D-Dim
Overview of the noteworthy conferences, organizations, and international treaties that focus on chemicals management and policy.
Notification of new chemical substances in accordance with directive 67/548/EEC on the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous substances : no-longer polymers list
Applications of wet-end paper chemistry
Chemical/parcel tankers : their gargoes, their desing and their markets
Principles and methods for assessing autoimmunity associated with exposure to chemicals
Hazardous materials handbook
Prudent practices in the laboratory : handling and disposal of chemicals
Development of ultrasound-assisted digestion methods for the determination of toxic element concentrations in ash samples by ICP-OES
Long-term and short-term screening assays for carcinogens : a critical appraisal
Cross index of synonyms and trade names in volumes 1 to 46
Early Islamic pottery : materials and techniques
Military textiles
Principles for evaluating health risks in children associated with exposure to chemicals
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 4, Din-H
Photographic chemistry and processing
Biorefinery : from biomass to chemicals and fuels
