http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7753 electrical power networks
electrical power networks power grids
Risks and prospects of smart electric grids systems measured with real options
Operation and control of electric energy processing systems
From the Publisher: What's the solution to the world's growing energy problem? PERFECT POWER. Electric usage is rising. Fuel costs are rocketing. Blackouts are happening more frequently. Why? Because our electrical power system-built on a vast network of resources including nuclear energy, natural gas, water, and coal-has become woefully outdated, increasingly expensive, and dangerously fragile. We need to change the current system, and we need to do it now. Written by business visionary and former Motorola chairman Robert Galvin, Perfect Power shows us how to create a "perfect" system that can deliver power where needed, at an astonishing reliability standard of 99.9999999 percent. By super-charging the "Six Sigma" concepts that Galvin developed as the founder and CEO at Motorola, we can: meet the energy reliability and quality needs of the Digital Age; generate new goods and services that create jobs, empower consumers, and lower energy cost; eliminate wasteful spending on our electrical infrastructure that can be used for peak power needs; facilitate local, regional, and, ultimately, national energy independence; fundamentally reduce the impact of energy on the environment; and invest in the microgrid revolution. Energy providers and policy makers will reinvent today's centralized power systems and integrate them with new, efficient "microgrids." Investors and entrepreneurs will spot tomorrow's hottest technologies. Consumers will demand change from "the powers that be." And environmentalists will take advantage of cleaner, greener energy sources available. We have the power to fulfill our energy needs, fix our old systems, forge ahead with new ideas, and fuel our dreams. It's Perfect Power.
The starting of the ship's shaft generator as a motor
Customer innovation : customer-centric strategy for enduring growth
Linear circuit analysis
Distributed control strategy for energy storage systems in AC microgrids : towards a standard solution
Self-leadership in social work : Reflections from practice
Cross-border transmission capacity development : experiences from the Nordic electricity markets
Numerical distance protection : principles and application
The blue economy : 10 years, 100 innovations, 100 million jobs
Smart grid : integrating renewable, distributed & efficient energy
Alternative strategies for electricity distribution network reinvestments
Advanced distribution system
Electricity distribution network design
Green logistics : improving the environmental sustainability of logistics
Communication and interpersonal skills for nurses
Managing sport business : an introduction
Simulation Software Cooperation with SCADADMS
Getting started with Raspberry Pi
On reliability and performance analyses of IEC 61850 for digital SAS
The Analysis of Global Tourism Boards' Chinese Website
Solar Energy : A Sustainable Solution to Rural Electricity Problems in Nigeria
Beginning PHP and MySQL : from novice to professional
Energy storage in electric drive system
"The Smart Grid has the potential to revolutionize electricity delivery systems, and the security of its infrastructure is a vital concern not only for cyber-security practitioners, engineers, policy makers, and utility executives, but also for the media and consumers. Smart Grid Security: An End-to-End View of Security in the New Electrical Grid explores the important techniques, challenges, and forces that will shape how we achieve a secure twenty-first century electric grid.Following an overview of the components of the Smart Grid, the book delves into the evolution of security standards and regulations and examines ways in which the Smart Grid might be regulated. The authors discuss the technical details about how metering technology is being implemented and the likely threats and vulnerabilities that utilities will face. They address the home area network (HAN) and examine distribution and transmission the foundation for the delivery of electricity, along with distributed generation, micro-grids, and operations.The book explores future concepts such as energy storage and the use of plug-in electric vehicles (PEVs ) in addition to the concomitant risk for fraud and manipulation with stored energy. Consumer-related issues are discussed as they pertain to emerging ways of receiving and generating energy. The book examines dysfunctions ranging from inadvertent outages to cyber-attack and presents recommendations on how to respond to these incidents. It concludes with speculation of future cyber-security challenges and discusses new ways that the grid can be defended, such as better key management and protection.Written in a style rigorous enough for the practitioner yet accessible to a broad audience, this comprehensive volume covers a topic that is becoming more critical to industry and consumers everywhere"--
Analysis of faulted power systems
Smart grid : linking sustainable electricity provision and consumption
Centralized architecture of the electricity distribution substation automation : benefits and possibilities
Privacy preserving data collection for smart grid using self-organizing map
Management colsultancy : - what next?
Remote Sensing of Medium Voltage Grid: Case Elenia
Integrating low voltage distribution systems to distribution automation
Life Cycle Assessment and Comparison of Power, Light, and Content Options for the SunEdu Project
ERP : making it happen : the implementer's guide to success with enterprise resource planning
The Routledge handbook of the welfare state
This book explores how, through strong self-leadership, social workers can both explain and demonstrate how social work can achieve positive change.
Electrical networks and economies of load density
"To address the modeling and control of smart grid renewable energy system into electric power systems, this book integrates three areas of electrical engineering: power system engineering, control systems engineering and power electronics The approach to the integration of these three areas differs from classical methods. Due to complexity of this task, the author has decided to present the basic concepts, and then present a simulation test bed in matlab to use these concepts to solve a basic problem in development of smart grid energy system. Therefore, each chapter has three parts: first a problem of integration is stated and its importance is described. Then, the mathematical model of the same problem is formulated. Next, the solution steps are outlined. This step is followed by developing a matlab simulation test bed. Each chapter ends with a set of problems and projects. The book is intended be used as textbook for instruction or by researchers. This book can be used as undergraduate text for both electrical and mechanical engineers. The prerequisite for the course is a course in fundamental of electrical engineering"--
Slow tourism : experiences and mobilities
Improvement in the quality of delivery of electrical energy using power electronics systems
Factors affecting efficiency of LVDC distribution network : power electronics perspective
Wide area monitoring of interconnected power systems
Power electronic converters in low-voltage direct current distribution : analysis and implementation
Technical and economic aspects of the establishment of a regional electricity network
The purpose of this thesis was to form alternative strategies for electricity distribution network reinvestments and evaluate these from Vattenfall Networks Finland's perspective. The objective was to ease the investment decisions and make a framework for the decision making. The final selection of the strategy was not the scope of this thesis. The driver for making this study was all the time increasing need to raise investment level due to the fact that most of the Finnish networks are built after the war in 1950's to 1970's. Vattenfall Networks has already made decisions that all the new networks will be underground so the way to build is clear, now it is only carrying out construction work in the proper order and time. The approach was using the common strategic tools, such as PESTLIED, SWOT and risk analysis based on strategic leadership theories. The methodology was to investigate different publications, laws and studies relating to aforementioned and also conduct an analysis of present state of the network. As a result of this thesis, the most important drivers where identified. The drivers that were found where: security of supply and mechanical condition of the network. Based on these drivers, five alternative strategies where formed and also risks where analyzed for all alternatives. This thesis work gives a good starting point to a company to continue choosing the best strategy and continue working how investments are allocated in practice and how it will be measured that the development is in accordance with the chosen strategy. At the end of work, I have introduced several ideas to help the long term planning in practice.
Marketing research : an integrated approach
Electric power distribution handbook
Interfacing IEC 61850-9-2 process bus data to a simulation environment
Insulators for high voltages
Integration of microgrids into electricity distribution networks
The electronic financial markets of the future : survival strategies of the broker-dealers
Business in action
The business of sport management
How a Small Japanese E-retailing Company Can Expand Its Operations Abroad : Case Agrade
Geographical perspectives on the development of power distribution systems in sparsely populated areas
The Age of Sustainable Development
The science of drinking : how alcohol affects your body and mind
Diffusion of smart meters in Central East Europe
Promoting well-being : linking personal, organizational, and community change
Renewable electricity and the grid : the callenge of variability / edited by Godfrey Boyle
Electrical power systems quality
The principal : three keys to maximizing impact
This work discusses healthy versus unhealthy alcohol consumption, describes the health benefits of consuming alcohol in moderation, and explains how alcohol influences the brain and body. Scientific research has clearly established that drinking in moderation has many health benefits, including maintaining a healthy heart. Yet, many people do not know that drinking red wine protects the heart more than white wine, while beer, margaritas, and hard liquor are less effective in providing such protection. And while alcoholism is a serious problem requiring medical and psychological treatment, for those who are not addicted, drinking alcohol is not necessarily a bad habit. The problem is to distinguish between drinking sensibly and drinking insensibly. The author clearly outlines what constitutes healthy drinking and its attendant health benefits, offers advice on how to drink responsibly, and provides insight into just how alcohol works on the brain and the body. Questions this book addresses include:  What constitutes a safe drinking and what is excessive drinking; Understand how much drinking is safe before driving home; Why red wine is superior to other alcoholic beverages for protecting heart; Why underage drinking can cause severe brain damage; Why drinking during pregnancy is dangerous; Why heavy drinking can cause severe liver disease.  After reading this book, readers will enjoy their next drink with a fuller and safer understanding of why they're enjoying it.
Case-based geriatrics : a global approach
Modeling electric utility business processes with UML
RF and microwave coupled-line circuits
Animating with Blender : how to create short animations from start to finish
Introduction to sport marketing
The business of event planning : behind-the-scenes secrets of successful special events
State estimation in electric power systems : a generalized approach
Managerial accounting : a decision making and performance management
Abstract: Supporting Young People's Life Management with Game Technology.
Thriving and spirituality among youth : research perspectives and future possibilities
Dynamic characteristics of grid-connected three-phase Z-Source inverter in photovoltaic applications
Transitions and the lifecourse : challenging the constructions of 'growing old'
Aspects of electric vehicles and demand response in electricity grids
Perfect power : how the microgrid revolution will unleash cleaner, greener, and more abundant energy
Comparison of different reliability improving investment strategies of Finnish medium-voltage distribution systems
Business creativity : breaking the invisible barriers
Consumer behaviour : a European outlook
Net theory and its applications : flows in networks
"Preface. In industrialized countries, distribution systems deliver electricity literally everywhere, taking power generated at many locations and delivering it to end users. Generation, transmission, and distribution--of these big three components of the electricity infrastructure, the distribution system gets the least attention. Yet, it is often the most critical component in terms of its effect on reliability and quality of service, cost of electricity, and aesthetic (mainly visual) impacts on society. Like much of the electric utility industry, several political, economic, and technical changes are pressuring the way distribution systems are built and operated. Deregulation has increased pressures on electric power utilities to cut costs and has focused emphasis on reliability and quality of electric service. The great fear of deregulation is that service will suffer because of cost cutting. Regulators and utility consumers are paying considerable attention to reliability and quality. Another change that is brewing is the introduction of distributed generation on the distribution system. Generators at the distribution level can cause problems (and have benefits if properly applied). New loads such as plug-in vehicles may be on the horizon. Customers are pressing for lower costs, better reliability, and less visual impact from utility distribution systems. Deregulation and technical changes increase the need by utility engineers for better information. This book helps fill some of those needs in the area of electric distribution systems. The first few chapters of the book focus on equipment-oriented information and applications such as choosing transformer connections, sizing and placing capacitors, and setting regulators"--
Design research (applied action research) as thesis research : a practical guide for thesis research
Building and managing e-book collections : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Consideration of using 3G cellular network to monitor ABB’s remote circuit breakers
Power Systems Computation Conference. 8. Helsinki 1984 : proceedings of the 8th power systems..., Helsinki, 19-24 Aug. 1984.
Marketing strategy: Case study Citius Wiki ERP/ECM software
Effective e-communication : case Fortum Oil Refining Business unit
Power electronic converters for microgrids
Abstract: The Analysis of Global Tourism Boards' Chinese Websites
Handbook of Electric Power Calculations
Methods for analysing supply security of electricity distribution
Utilisation of transformer condition monitoring data
Design and implementation of partial discharge measurement sensors for on-line condition assessment of power distribution system components
Microgrids and active distribution networks
Arc flash hazard analysis and mitigation
Nursing the surgical patient
Strategic sports event management
Religious literacy in policy and practice
Music 3-5
Quality of life : concept, policy and practice
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
Parallel induction generators for shipboard network
Market entry possibilities in the electric utility service industry in Sweden: case company Exsane Oy
Interactive open educational resources : a guide to finding, choosing and using what's out there to transform college teaching
Domestic space heating load management in smart grid: potential benefits and realization
Finnish design of transmission lines
℗Social Innovation is becoming an increasingly important topic in our global society. Those organizations which are able to develop business solutions to the most urgent social and ecological challenges will be the leading companies of tomorrow. Social Innovation not only creates value for society but will be a key driver for business success. Although the concept of Social Innovation is discussed globally the meaning and its impact on the development of new business strategies is still heavily on debate. This publication has the goal to give a comprehensive overview of different concepts in t.
Free stylin' : how Hip Hop Changed the Fashion Industry
Cyber and electromagnetic threats in modern relay protection
"All the aspects of arc flash hazard calculations and their mitigation have been covered. Knowledge of electrical power systems up to undergraduate level is assumed. The calculations of short-circuits, protective relaying and varied electrical system configurations in industrial power systems are addressed. Protection systems address differential relays, arc flash sensing relays, protective relaying coordination, current transformer operation and saturation and applications to major electrical equipments from the arc flash considerations. Current technologies and strategies for arc flash mitigation have been covered. A new algorithm for the calculation of arc flash hazard accounting for the decaying nature of the short-circuit currents is included. There are many practical examples and study cases. Review questions and references follow each chapter"--
Reliability aspects of network planning for meshed subtransmission networks
The Internet of Things : key applications and protocols
The advanced system for the distribution of electrical energy used in Finland
Vehicle-to-grid : linking electric vehicles to the smart grid
Social work and migration : immigrant and refugee settlement and integration
Conflict and catastrophe medicine : a practical guide
Design of Electrical Network for Nv Nutsbedrijf Regio Eindhoven in the Area of Oude Gracht Eindhoven
Protection of electricity distribution networks
Design of smart power grid renewable energy systems
Reliability analysis for distribution networks combined with transformer condition assessment
Llewellyn-Jones fundamentals of obstetrics and gynaecology
Reliability evaluation of smart distribution grids
The science of marketing : when to tweet, what to post, how to blog, and other proven strategies
Distribution System Analysis and Automation
Smart grids : opportunities, developments, and trends
Water-based tourism, sport, leisure and recreation experiences
Physiotherapy for respiratory and cardiac problems : adults and paediatrics
DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION OF A SMART METER PROTOTYPE USING AVR465 MICROCONTROLLER
Providing a comprehensive, in-depth analysis of the international conference industry, “Conferences and Conventions: A Global Industry Second Edition” examines the industry's origins, structure, economics, career opportunities, and future development. It also explains its links with the wider tourism industry. Now in its second edition, it is packed with a wealth of new international case studies covering the city of Melbourne, Queen Elizabeth II conference centre, London, Abu Dhabi, MCI Group, the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre, Glasgow and team San Jose, California. It also has new sections on: market segmentation and web marketing; conference and event budgeting; technology and communications, from video conferencing to web casting and pod casting; and corporate social responsibility and sustainable and green events. "Conferences and Conventions: A Global Industry" is illustrated with case studies and examples from around the world, including Great Britain, Canada, Australasia, Dubai, Greece, Thailand, South Africa, USA, Austria and many other destinations. It also provides challenging and reflective questions at the end of each chapter so that readers can test their knowledge and think about the issues raised, accompanied by practical assignments. Tony Rogers is Executive Director of the British Association of Conference Destinations and Association of British Professional Conference Organisers, UK. This second edition, now in full colour, is packed with new case studies from Cyprus, India, Australia and Abu Dhabi (amongst others), as well as new material including web marketing, procurement and ROI and corporate social responsibility. It is endorsed by the British Associations of Conferences Destinations and Association of British Professional Conference Organizers. It provides user-friendly, accessible approach that actively helps the reader to absorb and understand information.
Requirements for the connection of micro-generators in parallel with public low-voltage distribution networks
Short-Circuit Withstand Current Rating for Low Voltage Switchgear : Short-Circuit Current Rating (SCCR)
Ubiquitous musics : the everyday sounds that we don't always notice
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Jeffrey D. Sachs has shown himself to be one of the world's most perceptive and original analysts of global development in his groundbreaking books, including The End of Poverty and Common Wealth: Economics for a Crowded Planet. Now, in this major new work he presents a compelling and practical framework for how global citizens can address the seemingly intractable worldwide problems of persistent extreme poverty, environmental degradation, and political-economic injustice. Sachs outlines the holistic way forward: sustainable development. This provocative work offers readers, students, activ.
Covers preparation, organisation, logistics, treatment of major trauma and medical emergencies, and the problems of delivering medicine in hostile/remote environments. This book bridges the fields of medicine, nursing, politics and economics and also touches on nutrition, infection, trauma, psychiatry, and psychological medicine, and training.
Smart grid : technology and applications
M-commerce adoption in Kajaani
Social work increasingly finds itself at the frontline of issues pertaining to immigrant and refugee settlement and integration. The book fills a gap in the social work literature by providing scholars, practitioners and students with a critical knowledge base that will strengthen their ability to engage with issues of immigration and integration and to open up options for effective practice with growing numbers of immigrant and refugee clients.
Short circuits in power systems : a practical guide to IEC 60 909
Long-term investment planning of electricity distribution networks considering the uncertainty of load forecasts
Building blocks for learning occupational therapy approaches : practical strategies for the inclusion of special needs in primary school
Measurement and data communication technology for the implementation in Estonian transmission network
On the choice of medium voltage levels for developing distribution systems
Power system analysis
E-commerce usability : tools and techniques to perfect the on-line experience
STUDY AND DESIGN OF ENLARGED AUTOMATED TEST STATION FOR GRID AUTOMATION CONTROL CABINETS
Deep culture : the hidden challenges of global living
Smart grid security : an end-to-end view of security in the new electrical grid
Lights out : a cyberattack : a nation unprepared : surviving the aftermath
Spare part management of an electricity distribution network
Disaster nursing and emergency preparedness for chemical, biological, and radiological terrorism and other hazards
Applications in industrial power systems based on IEC 61850 standard : case emergency load shedding and reactive power control
The advanced distribution system
Practical electrical network automation and communication systems
Development of a measuring-control system for energy monitoring in low power
The idea agent : the handbook on creative processes
CultureShock! Finland : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Situational awareness in computer network defense : principles, methods and applications
Energy management system for LVDC island networks
Models of Financing Smart Grid Projects Abroad
Computational intelligence applications in smart grids : enabling methodologies for proactive and self-organizing power systems
Microsoft Project 2013 step by step
Electromagnetic transients in power systems
Reliability centered maintenance (RCM) : application to circuit breakers
Community development and civil society : making connections in the European context
The essential controller : an introduction to what every financial manager must know
Applicability of power-line communications to data transfer of on-line condition monitoring of electrical drives
Aspects and directions of internal arc protection
Control of power inverters in renewable energy and smart grid integration
Techno-economic feasibility of novel on-line condition monitoring methods in low voltage distribution networks
Fingrid : corporate magazine Fingrid Oyj
Demand response benefits for major assets of high voltage distribution systems : capacity gain and life management
"This book integrates three areas of electrical engineering: power system engineering, control systems engineering and power electronics The approach to the integration of these three areas differs from classical methods"--
Best Finnish practices on joint construction of infrastructure networks : examples of coordinated construction of transport infrastructure, water supply networks and electricity and telecommunications cables in Finland
Involvement of smart end-users in a smart grid
Artist management for the music business
Specifying remote services for industrial power systems
Biomass power plant grid connection
Electricity distribution : International Conference on ... 23-27 May, 1977. 1, Full texts of contributions included in the programme
Single phase earth faults in high impedance grounded networks : characteristics, indication and location
Guide to electrical power distribution systems
Application of solid state breaker technology in protection of distribution networks
Phases of a network : from a breakthrough to a national system
Professional development, reflection and decision-making in nursing and health care
Social innovation : solutions for a sustainable future
Leap : a revolution in creative business strategy
The art of record production : an introductory reader for a new academic field
"This book provides academia and organizations insights into practical and applied solutions, frameworks, technologies, and implementations for situational awareness in computer networks"--Provided by publisher.
Analysis of microgrid technology implementations in the Nordic environment
Persuasive Digital Advertising in Online Advertisement : Case Company: MarkPrint Oy
Conferences and conventions : a global industry
Raspberry Pi user guide
Digital marketing : strategy, implementation and practice
The only book that links psychological wellness with organizational and community health, "Promoting Well-Being" provides you with important insight into how these domains interact as well as strategies for helping clients harness the benefits of these interactions. It is an essential tool for psychologists, counselors, social workers, human service professionals, public health professionals, and students in these fields.
Management : an introduction
Modelling of changes in electricity end-use and their impacts on electricity distribution
Load forecasting in smart grid environment
Insulation co-ordination in high-voltage electric power systems
Tendering substation adaptation for IT
Aspects of power system earthing in medium voltage networks
Beginning Java EE 6 platform with GlassFish 3
High Voltage Direct Current Transmission
