http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7766 assembly language
assembly language
The art of Assembly language
The Assembly 2004 DVD compilation : managing a volunteer project
Assembly language step-by-step : programming with DOS and Linux
Linux Assembly Language Programming
Simple operations for gene assembly
Write great code. Volume 1, Understanding the machine
Using assembly language
Essentials of 80x86 assembly language
Microcontroller basics
Assembly code migration from LEAD3 phase2 to phase3
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of Assembly Language
ARM assembly language : fundamentals and techniques
PC Assembly language : step by step
Professional assembly language
Fundamentals of embedded software : with the ARM Cortex -M3
Introduction to RISC assembly language programming
Fundamentals of embedded software : where C and assembly meet
Introduction to 80x86 assembly language and computer architecture
This engineering project was commissioned by Nokia Corporation Ltd. The thesis were done for the DSP Software Section, which is developing DSP SW to 2G and 3G mobile phones. The aim of this graduation work was to find the differences between Phase2 and Phase3 architectures of TMS320C55x and extrapolate the effects of the differences to the assembly programming. The document produced should ease the upcoming migration process. The work was started by gathering manuals and with installing the necessary programs for both DSPs. The existing migration guidelines from Texas Instruments were studied. The search of differences was done by comparing information from manuals with each other. Also some assembly code was produced for testing purposes. Some of these programs were executed in the emulator, but most of these tests were executed in the simulators. Differences were found and the effects to the assembly programming were studied. Also some documentation errors were found from Texas Instruments manuals.
Designing embedded systems with PIC microcontrollers : principles and applications
Structured computer organization
8080A/8085 Assembly language programming
Personal computer from the inside out : the programmer`s guide to low-lewel PC hardware and software
X86 Assembly language and C fundamentals
Structured computer organisation
The 8051 microcontroller
PIC microcontroller and embedded systems : using Assembly nad C for PIC 18
The AVR microcontroller and embedded systems : using Assembly and C
