http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7777 witchcraft
witchcraft
Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone
The tragic story of witchcraft in America, from the infamous Salem witch trials to the present day - now told in full for the first time.
The history of witchcraft and demonology
Magic kitten : classroom chaos & a summer spell
Montacute house
Merlin : the mark of Nimueh
Science and justice : the Massachusetts witchcraft trials
Contemporary paganism : listening people, speaking earth
America bewitched : the story of witchcraft after Salem
The Tree of life : a study in magic
A discovery of witches
A deed without a name : the witch in society and history
Sixteen-year-old Maya suspects there may be a relationship between her paw-print birthmark, her connection with wild animals, and strange events occurring in her tiny Vancouver Island community, where a medical research facility harbors big secrets.
Trial by fire and water : the medieval judicial ordeal
The devil and his servants : the witches and their relationship with the devil in Salem, Massachusetts in 1692
Magic, witchcraft, and curing
The white-luck warrior
Night's child
Shadow spell
Witches & wicked bodies
Wicca : a comprehensive guide to the old religion in the modern world
The Barry Windsor-Smith archives : Conan volume 1
The inquisition in early modern Europe : studies on sources and methods
The witches' advocate : Basque witchcraft and the Spanish Inquisition (1609-1614)
The modern guide to witchcraft : your complete guide to witches, covens, & spells
The Skinless Boy seeks to understand the mysteries of his past, and Emmy investigates a decaying old domicile. Meanwhile, a malevolent serpent is sowing madness and malice in the minds of The Holler's residents, and only Bernice stands in the way of this new evil--but could enlisting the aid of the shadowy Lovely Belfont place her in a much more terrible danger? -- Provided by publisher.
The myth of the Magus
Witch child
Witchcraft today
Isle of the dead and other stories
Lolly Willowes : or, the loving huntsmen
Malleus maleficarum : the classic study of witchcraft
Handbook of magic & witchcraft
Cold magic
The godfather of Kathmandu
Harry Potter and the half-blood prince
Witchcraft in early modern Scotland : James VI's demonology and the North Berwick witches
The once and future king
Everyday witchcraft : making time for spirit in a too-busy world
The crucible
Wicca and the Christian heritage : ritual, sex, and magic
Milly at magic school
Hubble bubble : a potent brew of magical poems
The eye of Zoltar
Power of three
The secrets of blood and bone
The ring of Solomon
Navaho witchcraft
Witch week
Ecstasies : deciphering the witches' sabbath
HeroQuest : roleplaying in Glorantha
The new girl
Encyclopedia of witchcraft & demonology
The winter of enchantment
Finnish summary.
The witchcraft papers : contemporary records of the witchcraft hysteria in Essex 1560-1700
Half wild
American horror story. The complete third season, Coven
Cold fire
Harrow County. [volume 3] : Snake doctor
Incense : crafting & use of magickal scents
Witch eyes
The Kingfisher book of magical tales
The black swan
North star road : shamanism, witchcraft & the otherworld journey
The Witch's handbook
Semitic magic : its origins and development
The secrets of time and fate
The mammoth book of Scottish romance
Which witch?
Witch : the wild ride from wicked to Wicca
All one wicca : a study in the universal eclectic tradition of wicca
Encyclopedia of witchcraft : the western tradition. volume 2, E-J
Witches : investigating an ancient religion
Witchcraft
Awakening and Spellbound
Kiss of frost
Encyclopedia of witchcraft : the western tradition. volume 3, K-P
Noitasymposium 26.3.1997, Tampereen yliopiston päärakennus, sali AI = Witch symposium 26.3.1997, University of Tampere, main building, room AI
The brides of Rollrock Island
The gathering
The false princess
The witch in history : early modern and twentieth-century representations
Bug brother & pirate brother
MAGIC SYMBOLS OF THE WORLD
Wiccapedia : a modern-day white witch's guide
Cas gan Gythraul : demonology, witchcraft and popular magic in eighteenth-century Wales
The daylight gate
The Pinhoe egg
Not just a witch
The hounds of hell
Deathmark and other stories
Old magic
Witchcraft in western India
Lily and the traitors spell
The devil's diadem
Little wizards : an Antoine Bauza game
The calling and Changeling
The song of the quarkbeast
Witches : a tale of sorcery, scandal and seduction
The Merrybegot
Phantom eyes
The witching hour
The iron wolves
Goth craft : the magical side of dark culture
Witchcraft and sorcery in Rhodesia
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
The contemporary evidence for early medieval witchcraft-beliefs
The special dead
The witch's trinity
Trixie : the witch's cat
Dark frost
Narrative and the social dynamics of magical harm in late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century Finland
Magic finger and the minpins
Heaven and earth
Fantastic beasts & where to find them
Crimson Frost
Trial by fire
Witches! : the absolutely true tale of disaster in Salem
The magic finger
Encyclopedia of witchcraft : the western tradition. volume 4, Q-Z
The Windwitch Prince Merik is presumed dead, following a lethal explosion. He's left scarred but alive and determined to expose his sister's treachery. Yet on reaching the royal capital, he's shocked to find it crowded with refugees fleeing conflict. Merik haunts the streets, fighting for the weak. This leads to whispers of a disfigured demigod, the Fury, who brings justice to the oppressed. Hunted by the Cleaved, Iseult is struggling to stay free while she searches for her friend Safi. When the Bloodwitch Aeduan corners Iseult first, she offers him a deal: she'll return what was stolen from him, if he locates the Truthwitch. Yet unknown to Iseult, there's a bounty on her head - and Aeduan intends to claim it. After a surprise attack and shipwreck, Safi and the Empress of Marstok barely escape with their lives. They find themselves amongst pirates, where a misstep could mean death. And the bandits' next move could unleash war upon the Witchlands.
Wicca for life : the way of the craft - from birth to summerland
A bad spell for the worst witch
Wondrous strange : a novel
The illustrated guide to witchcraft sacred sites, ritual, celebrations and illustrations
Ptolemy's gate
Everyday magic in early modern Europe
The magician, the witch and the law
The wicca bible : the definitive guide to magic and the craft
Understanding witchcraft and sorcery in Southeast Asia
A handbook on witches
TOM'S MIDNIGHT GARDEN
A calendar of cases of witchcraft in Scotland 1510-1727
THE MAGIC FINGER
Venice, 16th Century. Having undertaken a mission of the upmost discretion, occultist and scholar Edward Kelley finds the answers he seeks are more perilous than can be believed, and his salvation will mean confronting the darkest deeds of his past. England, 21st Century. Jackdaw Hammond is running form her past and hiding from her future, but a new home and a fresh start are threatened by a wild magic similar to her own. The legacy of Edward Kelley remains, with their fates inexorably entwined, the battle for her soul has begun.
The second ring of power
The wizard's map
Tales of power
Insider/outsider issues are of central importance for the definitions of religion and for the identity of religious groups, for the subjectivity and relationships of their adherents, for methodological issues within the study of religions and for the relationship between non-theological and thological studies of religion. Conceptions of 'inside', 'outside' and 'boundary', the emotions surrounding them, their origins in the social relations of body, family and strangers, and the metaphors used to depict and manage them all provide important insights for thinking about religions, how they are studies and by whom. A discussion of socio-spatial and cognitive linguistic theories of categorisation, containment and boundary-making is followed by several case studies in which territories and boundaries are explored with reference to the relationship between 'religion' and 'magic' in medieval Europe, the Enlightenment construction of 'religion', 'religions' and 'non-religion', and briefly, the disciplinary engagement of religious studies and theology. The application of the concept of the 'sacred' to these boundaries and the spaces they produce is considered.
Broomstick baby
Carry on
Birth of the Witch King
The modern witch's spellbook : everything you need to know to cast spells, work charms and love magic, and achieve what you want in life through occult powers
The magic bed
The devil in the shape of a woman : witchcraft in colonial New England
Mistress of the storm
Materials toward a history of witchcraft
Windwitch : the Witchland series : book two
The black book of modern myths
Conrad's fate : a chrestomanci book
16th century: John Dee and Edward Kelley are once again on the trail of Countess Elizabeth Báthory, but how can they hope to stop a creature that cannot die? 21st century: Life and death are things Jackdaw Hammond knows more about than most, but the cost by which she clings to life has finally caught up with her. Possessed by the being known as Saraquel, Jack is losing herself day by day, living rough on the streets of London with long periods of lost time. Can magic set you free?
Inside, outside and the space in-between : territories and boundaries in the study of religion
HeroQuest : Glorantha
A fever of the blood
Conversion
The worst witch and the wishing star
Touch of frost
