http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7772 comfort
comfort
Student engagement at school : a sense of belonging and participation : results from Pisa 2000
Entertainment & society : audiences, trends, and impacts
Are bad jobs inevitable? : trends, determinants and responses to job quality in the twenty-first century
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
The no asshole rule : building a civilised workplace and surviving one that isn't
Demonstrations of electric heating systems : final report
Children in outdoor contexts : affordances and independent mobility in the assessment of environmental child friendliness
Measuring employee satisfaction
The making of scientific management. Volume 3, The Hawthorne investigations
The usability of the Schaffer job satisfaction test in nursing school applicant selection : (1)
Well-being : productivity and happiness at work
The spirit of the school
Should I stay or should I go? : the images and realities of the foreign professionals in Finnish working and living environments : English summary
Esteem builders : A K-8 self-esteem curriculum for improving student achievement, behavior and school climate
Environmental science in building
Abstract: A home in a multi-storey building : opinions on everyday life there.
Quality of work life survey
High levels of psychological well-being amongst employees translate into good news for the organization, including lower sickness-absence levels, attraction and retention of talented people, and more satisfied customers, clients, or service users. People with higher levels of psychological well-being work better, live longer and have happier lives. Engagement and well-being can sustain each other and lead to a healthier and more productive organization, a win-win for employees and employers.
Measuring work quality for social reporting
Bullying prevention : creating a positive school climate and developing social competence
The big book of team building games : trust-building activities, team spirit exercises, and other fun things to do
Stress in teaching
The higgledy piggledy pigs
Employee Motivation at Tommy Bartlett, Inc.
Thermal environmental conditions for human occupancy : standardi
The skycourt and skygarden : greening the urban habitat
This important cultural analysis tells two stories about food. The first depicts good food as democratic. Foodies frequent 'hole in the wall' ethnic eateries, appreciate the pie found in working-class truck stops, and reject the snobbery of fancy French restaurants with formal table service. The second story describes how food operates as a source of status and distinction for economic and cultural elites, indirectly maintaining and reproducing social inequality.
Student engagement in Finnish lower secondary school
Attrition in Swedish forestry work 1986-1990 : extent and causes
Explaining intra-urban moving intentions
How to open and run a successful restaurant
Towards the measurement of work satisfaction
International study environment at Helia Porvoo - Borgå
Investigating employee turnover : battling the employee turnover in nightclub Freetime
"Based on empirical research from 15 European cities, covering 29 major postwar housing estates, the contributors to this volume explore the idea that mass housing experiments represent an important example of policy transfer. Mass Housing in Europe charts the development of estates examining the problems that have emerged over time, the policy responses and residents' experiences of day-to-day life in the context of change and regeneration. Students, researchers and academics alike will find that this research provides a significant insight into the topic"--Provided by publisher.
The Oxford handbook of positive psychology and work
Receptionists' job satisfaction in hotels of Rovaniemieffects of unhappy and problematic customers /
Survival kit for exchange students at Salo campus
Measuring employee service orientation in restaurant setting
The influence of a green environment and horticultural activities on the subjective well-being of the elderly living in long-term care
The studied topic was recommended to the author by the management team of a small Finnish restaurant chain, which looked for new ways to enhance service quality in today's increasingly competitive restaurant business.  The aim of the study was to examine the service orientation of the contact staff (waiters and bartenders, in contact with the customers) of a specific restaurant located in Helsinki, Finland. The focus was on identifying the different variables affecting employee service orientation. These variables were then used to measure how well the contact staff managed their duties and interacted with the customer in different kinds of circumstance, primarily aims at finding the ideal working conditions in which the contact staff will be most service oriented and able to deliver good service. Questionnaire survey methodology was used to collect data from 18 out of 25 possible employees working as contact employees in the restaurant. Respondents provided self-assessed attribute information relating to external and internal factors affecting employee service orientation.  Results suggests that the majority of the restaurant contact employees were service orientated, positively encouraged by the restaurant management's support, as well they were able to provide good service during busy periods, and had such personality traits that suggest that they were service orientation minded employees. However, closer analysis also showed significant negative ratings on employees' recognition and rewards ratings, which indicate need for improvement.
The essential guide to employee engagement : better business performance through staff satisfaction
Britain's best employers : a guide to the 100 most attractive companies to work for
Clothing Biosensory Engineering
The art of city-making
Enjoyment in youth sports : a goal perspectives approach
Effects of ICT connectedness, permeability, flexibility, and negative spillovers on burnout and job and family satisfaction
Workplace by design : mapping the high-performance workscape
Evil eleven syndrome dark side of workplaces : pressures at work and costs of non-interference
Motivation factors enabling positive deviance at workplace
Summary.
Mass housing in Europe : multiple faces of development, change and response
Backyard : nature and culture in suburban Australia
The usability of the Schaffer job satisfaction test in nursing school applicant selection 2
The problem of pleasure : sport, recreation, and the crisis of Victorian religion
Influencing work engagement in global corporation environment
Creating the best place to work in Finland
Effect of the thermal inertia and other building and HVAC factors on energy performance and thermal comfort in Finnish apartment buildings
The effect of internal marketing activities on hotel industry : case study: Finnish hotel industry
The purpose for this thesis was to create a survival kit where the exchange students coming to Salo campus of Turku University of Applied Sciences could find answers to all the most frequently asked questions about Salo and what it offers. The outcome was booklet which can be handed to all the incoming exchange students. There is also an electronic version that it can be downloaded from the website of TUAS. The aim for doing this booklet was to ease the work load of the international office and to help the exchange students and the student tutors to get to know Salo better. The booklet was done by first assessing what information is needed. The different sights in  Salo were restricted according to location or interes factor. This was also a requirement since the purpose was to create a booklet and not a book. Collecting the information was easy since the information was readily available but in many different sources. After all information was collected it was written in rather simple English for everybody to understand. The actual booklet was created with a program called Adobe InDesign. This part of the process needed  only placing the text and self-taken pictures in a logical and pleasant way. The finished booklet was given to a few exchange students for feedback and possible improvements. The feedback was mainly positive with e.g. a praise from a student who had stayed in Salo for eight months already. Exchange students would like have more information about organized events. Overall there was hardly anything that they would want to change/added. The few ideas that came up or will come up in the future can easily be added later on, especially to the e-version.
The multifunctionality of green roofs and the Finnish Land Use and Building Act.
Foodies : democracy and distinction in the gourmet foodscape
Finnish children's views on the ideal school and learning environment
Overview of the esteem builders' complete program
Customer satisfaction level in Peacock City Hotel
Evaluating local and overall thermal comfort in buildings using thermal manikins
Summary in Finnish.
Environmental Science in Building covers the science, technology and services that relate to the comfort of humans and the environmental performance of buildings. This popular text is designed to be useful, at all levels, to students and practitioners of architecture, construction studies, building services, surveying, and environmental science. This edition has been thoroughly updated and the contents reorganised to ensure optimum presentation and understanding of topics. The contents include: climate and the built, environment, human environmental comfort, insulation and energy use in buildings, air control in buildings, artificial and natural lighting, noise control and sound insulation, electricity generation and supply, water supplies and waste water treatment, carbon and energy management in construction, resource conservation and sustainability in construction, sick buildings and green buildings. Key features are: Clear and accessible text layout for ease of use, Clear explanations of principles and technologies, Up-to-date practice and world-wide trends incorporated, Minimum prior knowledge of science and mathematics assumed, Worked examples displayed and explained step-by-step, Large resource sections of supporting information and references.
Well-being at work : case Aurinkomatkat tour guides
Bring on the next generation : a analysis of regenerated the Hakaniemi market square [sic]
Why don't students like school? : a cognitive scientist answers questions about how the mind works and what it means for your classroom
Does the psychosocial school environment matter for health? : a study of pupils in Swedish compulsory school from a gender perspective
Abstract: The relationship of motivational climate to physical activity intensity and enjoyment within ninth grade pupils in school physical education lessons.
Job satisfaction at Kymppi-Eristys Oy
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Technical hotel management : an investigation into the needs and wishes of guests and management, and the use of technical solutions to improve profitability
Nature, man, architecture : a study of the structure and measurement of man's relation to nature in the garden and dwelling-house of Japan and the Mediterranean countries
Strategic reward : how organizations add value through reward
Efficient, more efficient, exhausted : finding[s] of Finnish quality of work life surveys 1977-1997
Nowadays, the success of every company or organization depends on the satisfaction of its customers. This is especially obvious in the hospitality sector. The success of a company operating in the hospitality environment has a direct relation to customer satisfaction with its ability to satisfy customers need. The hospitality industry was chosen for this thesis because it covers most activities within customer care, which will be easy to measure at customer satisfaction level. Also the choice of Peacock City Hotel as a case study was due to several reasons such as, its reputation and credibility of being a four star hotel in Tanzania, and also because the writer of the thesis believed it could serve as a sources of learning material. The study aimed especially to find out and analyze what customer satisfaction level of service was delivered at Peacock City hotel (PCH) and the strategies used by the management to ensure customer satisfaction level in service delivery of the hotel. The case study design was used to conduct the study information in order to fulfill the purpose of the study. This thesis is a quantitative research, and the main sources of data collection methods are primary and secondary data collection. Primary data collection methods were face to face interviews with employees, observations of hotel services and operations, as well as a questionnaire designed for hotel guests and management. Secondary data was collected from articles, journals, books and websites. SERVQUAL tool was used to measure customer satisfaction level. The study findings have shown that to ensure customer satisfaction it is important to concentrate on service delivery; the management should identify the needs of the customers; motivate the employees and collect feedback from customers. The study findings show also that there is a medium level of customer satisfaction with service provided by the hotel. In order to improve customer satisfaction level, the study finally provides some recommendations for the management of Peacock City Hotel for improving its service quality in order to achieve a higher level of customer satisfaction.
Towards social well-being in schools : an implementation study of Involvement Education
Type A behavior as a moderating factor in the link between job stressors and job satisfaction
"Here I could say what I probably wouldn't have said elsewhere" : teachers' peer group as a narrative environment.
Human territorial functioning : an empirical, evolutionary perspective on individual and small group territorial cognitions, behaviors, and consequences
The payroll administration insourcing process
Lehtovuori : small-town living within a metropolis
Science in clothing comfort
Students' physical activity, physical education enjoyment, and motivational determinants through a three-year school-initiated program
The creative school : a framework for success, quality and effectiveness
Towards bully-free schools
Bossy and autocratic superiors. Non-managers - lax, lazy or unassertive in their work. Difficult personalities, piggy-backers, bullies and avengers - the styles of work behavior are many. Neglect of client needs, maltreatment and maximisation of personal benefit. Unresolved conflicts. The problems are prevalent and familiar. Why is nothing done about them? The answer is the Evil Eleven Syndrome. The book describes the dark side of workplaces, weakening both wellbeing and performance. The theoretical frame of reference is the X Efficiency theory of organisational economics. With the help of this innovative theory it is possible to explain, conceptualise and understand phenomena that traditional economic theory does not address. The book examines organisational inefficiency from the perspective of human decision-making, work behaviour and pressures. The individual level is important, because organisational performance is based on the productivity of work.
Instrumental work orientation and labour stability
Global city blues
The healing landscape : therapeutic outdoor environment
World of workcraft : rediscovering motivation and engagement in the digital workplace
Towards successful seniorityTM group method : participant's workbook
Landscapes for learning : creating outdoor environments for children and youth
Towards successful seniorityTM : from family leave to work : participant's workbook
A practical guide to solving preschool behavior problems
The purpose of this thesis is to determine factors that lead to a successful insourcing process. The insourcing process has been finalized and is functioning. The objectives of the thesis are to determine what the factors are that makes the outsourcing a bad option for Clinic D. And at the same time it determines what the factors that make the insourcing process tangible are. The author has used methodology that supports both the qualitative and quantitative research method. Interviews with department supervisors and questioning employees with the help of a questionnaire will help understand outsourcing and insourcing better. Outsourcing has been a trend for a long time and it is still going on. But organizations are realizing that not all operations, departments, tasks and projects are suitable for outsourcing and they are reconsidering their position. Many do decide to insource and the author wants to help these organizations to make a successful decision based on good research. Taking into account many things in this process is important as it is a great step in an organizations function. one need to weigh out all the options, pros and cons that in the end leads to the final decision. One needs to consider the whole organization when deciding such a change as it will affect the whole organization, not only the insourcing department or section. The results of the research have been positive and will be a good example for other organizations considering a similar transaction. This will show what the result of the insourcing process has done to the clinic and what affect it has had.
Receptionists' job satisfaction in hotels of Rovaniemi : effects of unhappy and problematic customers
