http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7776 charms (magic)
charms (magic)
Working with monsters : a course in monsterology
Theodosia and the staff of Osiris
Mage knight : Board game
George's marvellous medicine
Battlelore. Second edition
The wonderful wizard of Oz. [1]
The talisman
Winnie's new computer
Theodosia and the serpents of chaos
Last call at the nightshade lounge : A Novel
An encyclopedia of plants in myth, legend, magic and lore
The marvelous land of Oz. [2]
Practical prosperity magick : crafting success & abundance
The spriggan mirror
There's a spell up my nose
Star island
Last call at The Nightshade Lounge : a novel of magic and mixology
Mind tricks
The mirror of deception
City of ashes
Sleight of hand
Paranormal, superstitious, magical, and religious beliefs
Ptolemy's gate
Elric of Melniboné
Magic of the masters
Winnie's magic wand
The magical universe : everyday ritual and magic in pre-modern Europe
Catalogue of the Aramaic and Mandaic incantation bowls in the British Museum
Wicked business : a Lizzy and Diesel novel
The genie's curse
Maqlû II 1-30 : internal analysis and manuscript evidence for the revision of an incantation
100 classic houdini tricks you can do
Emily Feather and the chest of charms
Zoran and the Gorsemen
The magic looking glass
The nowhere emporium
Boss monster : the dungeon building card game
Daughter of smoke & bone
The witch's children and the Queen
Witches & wizards
The complete book of aquarian magic : a practical guide to the magical arts
Whispering to witches
The misenchanted sword
Magic Puffin : a birthday surprice
In the last two decades we have had many books and proceedings of conferences on the history, formulas and incantations of magic in antiquity, both in East and West, but this is the first book of its kind that focuses on the material aspects of magic, such as gems, rings, drawings, grimoires, amulets and figurines. In recent years scholars have focused not only on the discourse and practices of magic in antiquity, but also on its practitioners, literary stereotypes and historical shifts. Much less attention, however, has been paid to the material that was used by the magicians for their curses and incantations. Yet there is no magic without materiality. The practice of magic required a specialist expertise that knew how to handle material such as lead, gold, stones, papyrus, figurines or voodoo dolls. That is why we present new insights on the materiality of magic by studying both the materials used for magic as well as the books in which the expertise was preserved.
The sweetness at the bottom of the pie
Simply magic
The good people
The eye of the falcon
When mummies go missing all over London, eleven-year-old Theodosia puts aside her fight against the Serpents of Chaos to save her father, who is suspected in the thefts, all the while avoiding a string of new governesses / WorldCat.
When in Rome
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
Whirlwind : the third magnificently secret diary of Martha Grimstone
Ashes : Rise of the phoenixborn
The road to Oz
Wizards : the quest for the wizard from Merlin to Gandalf and Harry Potter
The mummy
Iron khan : a detective inspector Chen novel
Daughter of smoke and bone
Gender, magic and social order : ideologies of pairing, household, and the female body in Finnish-Karelian folklore
Amazing clever tricks : magic and more to astound your friends!
Box of tricks : a magical story
The Patchwork Girl of Oz
Twelve-year-old Theo uses arcane knowledge and her own special talent when she encounters two secret societies, one sworn to protect the world from ancient Egyptian magic and one planning to harness it to bring chaos to the world, both of which want a valuable artifact stolen from the London museum for which her parents work / WorldCat.
Magic kitten : a circus wish
Curse tablets and binding spells from the ancient world
Beauty and the beast
Coin and rope tricks
The great troll rescue
Brave : the essential guide
The book of English magic
Quarriors! : dice building game
City of bones
The Princess and the Wizard
The Golem's eye
Basic conditions of Taoist Thunder magic = Daojiao lei fa
Two bilingual incantation fragments
Happy birthday, Winnie!
Magnus Chase and the sword of summer
Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone
Summoner wars : master set
In the ancient Graeco-Roman world, it was a common practice to curse an enemy or rival by writing an incantation on a tablet and dedicating it to a god or spirit. More than a thousand such texts, written between the fifth century BC and the fifth century AD, have been discovered in places ranging from North Africa to England, and from Syria to Spain. Until now, however, there has been no English translation of these tablets and indeed the texts themselves have remained virtually unknown. This volume makes these fascinating texts available for the first time. A substantial introduction supplies the full cultural, social, and historical context for the texts. The selected translations, arranged thematically, are fully annotated and accompanied by extensive commentary. Reflecting a wide range of social occasions, including lawsuits, love affairs, business competition, and horse-races, the tablets open a window into the hearts and minds of ordinary people, shedding light on a dimension of classical society in which historians today are increasingly interested.
There's been a robbery in Tale Town! Someone has stolen a cutting from the magical Story Tree, and it's up to twins Hansel and Gretel to get it back. With the help of their new friend Wolfie, a not very big or very bad wolf, they discover a secret fortress in the forest, containing a Magic Looking Glass that promises to help them. But things are not always what they seem, especially when the Magic Looking Glass starts causing trouble! Can Wolfie and the twins find the Story Tree cutting and save the day, or will the Magic Looking Glass have the last laugh? A brilliant new highly illustrated series featuring all the fairy-tale characters you know and love having brand-new adventures!
Dorothy and the wizard in Oz. [4]
The Familiars : circle of heroes
Easy mind and body tricks
Urhea
Winnie at the seaside
Epic spell wars of the battle wizards : Duel at Mt. Skullzfyre
Moonlight and mermaids
The amulet of Samarkand
The sorcerer's widow
Magic and the supernatural in fourth-century Syria
Ozma of Oz. [3]
For Rapunzel, being a princess has been nothing but fun. But everything goes wrong when she breaks a magical urn and blames it on her new friend, Ella. It turns out that the urn was home to a very cross (and now very homeless) hermit genie, who casts a spell making everyone blame Rapunzel for everything that goes wrong in Tale Town! With the help of her friends and a mysterious green monkey called Alphege, can Rapunzel 'undo what she has done' and lift the curse? A brilliant new highly illustrated series featuring all the fairy-tale characters you know and love having brand-new adventures!. Ages 7+
Game magic : a designer's guide to magic systems in theory and practice
World of witches & wizards
The teen spell book : magick for young witches
Witchcraft and literature in Jacobean England
The Frog Prince and the kitten
Ondine : the summer of Shambles
The snow princess
Zorgan and the Gorsemen
The materiality of magic
The firebird
The magical crystals
The pre- and Proto-historic Finns : both eastern and western with magic songs of the West Finns : in two volumes. Vol. 2
Seventeen-year-old Karou, a lovely, enigmatic art student in a Prague boarding school, carries a sketchbook of hideous, frightening monsters--the chimaerae who form the only family she has ever known.
