http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7786 bourgeoisie
bourgeoisie
The Forsyte saga
Pleasure wars
Music and the bourgeois, music and the proletarian
The formation of the Parisian bourgeoisie, 1690-1830
Robert Oliver, merchant of Baltimore, 1783-1819
Contact becomes conflict : nobility as a counter-image of the aspiring 19th century burgeoisie
Northanger Abbey
The Story of costume
Towards a bourgeois manhood : boys' physical education in Nordic secondary schools 1880-1940
Classes in contemporary capitalism
Sense and sensibility
The petite bourgeoisie in Europe 1780-1914 : enterprise, family and independence
The hippopotamus
State, culture & the bourgeoisie : aspects of the peculiarity of the Finnish
Science and societies in Frankfurt am Main
A taste for comfort and status : a bourgeois family in eighteenth-century France
"The Rise and Decline of an Iberian Bourgeoisie is one of the first long-term studies in English of an Iberian town during the late medieval crisis. Focusing on the Catalonian city of Manresa, Jeff Fynn-Paul expertly integrates Iberian historiography with European narratives to place the city's social, political and economic development within the broader context of late medieval urban decline. Drawing from extensive archival research, including legal and administrative records, royal letters, and a cadastral survey of more than 640 households entitled the 1408 Liber Manifesti, the author surveys the economic strategies of both elites and non-elites to a level previously unknown for any medieval town outside of Tuscany and Ghent. In a major contribution to the series, The Rise and Decline of an Iberian Bourgeoisie reveals how a combination of the Black Death, royal policy, and a new public debt system challenged, and finally undermined urban resilience in Catalonia"--
Marianne in the market : envisioning consumer society in fin-de-siècle France
The Bourgeois : catholicism vs. capitalism in eighteenth-century France
Art in bourgeois society, 1790-1850
Bourgeois politics without a bourgeoisie in Finland?
The Professor
Contact becomes conflict : nobility as a counter-image of the aspiring 19th century bourgeoisie
Pride and prejudice = Gordost i predubeždenije : [audiokniga]
Law and the rise of capitalism
Modernity and bourgeois life : society, politics, and culture in England, France and Germany since 1750
Law and state in Papua New Guinea
Class struggle and the industrial revolution : early industrial capitalism in three English towns
Mansfield Park
The bourgeois : between history and literature
The politics of production
Becoming bourgeois : love, kinship, and power in provincial France, 1670-1880
Bourgeois society in nineteenth-century Europe
The rise and decline of an Iberian bourgeoisie : Manresa in the later Middle Ages, 1250-1500
Aristocrats in bourgeois Italy : the Piedmontese nobility, 1861-1930
The new entrepreneurs, the old bourgeoisie : industry, society and state in eighteetnth century Finland
An elite without frontiers
The middlemost and the milltowns : bourgeois culture and politics in early industrial England
The myth of the French bourgeoisie : an essay on the social imaginary, 1750-1850
The bourgeoisie in 18th century France
The Forsyte saga. Volume 1 : The Man of property
The burgesses od Finland as an estate : an example of the social organization of medieval society
The structural transformation of the public sphere : an inquiry into a category of bourgeois society
Merchant Moscow : images of Russia's vanished bourgeoisie
The cultivation of hatred
The fires of autumn
The emergence of Finnish book and reading culture in the 1700s
The 'Bildungsbürgertum' and the free discussion in nineteenth century Finland
Danish cookbooks : domesticity & national identity, 1616-1901
Our bourgeois literature : the reason and the remedy
The Forsyte saga. Volume 2 : In chacery
The naked heart
The middling sort of people : culture, society and politics in England, 1550-1800
Rehearsals for fascism : populism and political mobilization in Weimar Germany
The bourgeois citizen in nineteenth-century France : gender, sociability, and the uses of emulation
Pride and prejudice
The bourgeois experience : Victoria to Freud. Vol. 4, The naked heart
The professor
Political parties in the elections of deputies to the Estate of burgesses and the Estate of farmers in the Finnish Diet of Estate
The bourgeois experience : Victoria to Freud. Vol. 5, Pleasure wars
"The bourgeois ... Not so long ago, this notion seemed indispensable to social analysis; these days, one might go years without hearing it mentioned. Capitalism is more powerful than ever, but its human embodiment seems to have vanished. 'I am a member of the bourgeois class, feel myself to be such, and have been brought up on its opinions and ideals,' wrote Max Weber, in 1895. Who could repeat these words today? Bourgeois 'opinions and ideals' -- what are they?" Thus begins Franco Moretti's study of the bourgeois in modern European literature -- a major new analysis of the once-dominant culture and its literary decline and fall. Moretti's gallery of individual portraits is entwined with the analysis of specific keywords -- "useful" and "earnest," "efficiency," "influence," "comfort," "roba"-- and of the formal mutations of the medium of prose. From the "working master" of the opening chapter, through the seriousness of nineteenth-century novels, the conservative hegemony of Victorian Britain, the "national malformations" of the Southern and Eastern periphery, and the radical self-critique of Ibsen's twelve-play cycle, the book charts the vicissitudes of bourgeois culture, exploring the causes for its historical weakness, and for its current irrelevance. -- Publisher's website.
Historica. 2
Longbourn
To be modern may mean many different things, but for nineteenth-century Europeans 'modernity' suggested a new form of life in which bourgeois activities, people, attitudes and values all played key roles. Jerrold Seigel's panoramic new history offers a magisterial and highly original account of the ties between modernity and bourgeois life, arguing that they can be best understood not in terms of the rise and fall of social classes, but as features of a common participation in expanding and thickening 'networks of means' that linked together distant energies and resources across economic, political and cultural life. Exploring the different configurations of these networks in England, France and Germany, he shows how their patterns gave rise to distinctive forms of modernity in each country and shaped the rhythm and nature of change across spheres as diverse as politics, money and finance, gender relations, morality, and literary, artistic and musical life.
Pride and Prejudice
Longbourn : a novel
From the salon to the schoolroom : educating bourgeois girls in nineteenth-century France
