http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7785 chronology
chronology
Any day now : David Bowie : the London years: 1947-1974
National Geographic concise history of the world : an illustrated timeline
The pessimist's guide to history
Chronology of the modern world : 1763 to the present time
Debating Oaxaca archaeology
Early Irish history and chronology
Genesis and emplacement of carbonatites and lamprophyres in the Svecofennian Domain
The archaeology of Skedemosse. 1, The excavations and the finds of an Öland Fen, Sweden
The archaeology of Skedemosse. 2, The votive deposits in the Skedemosse Fen and their relation to the Iron-Age settlement on Öland, Sweden
Japan before Buddhism
A historical atlas of the Jewish people : from the time of the patriarchs to the present
A handbook of dates : for students of British history
Chronicle of the cinema
Sicily before the Greeks
Anglo-Saxon graves and grave goods of the 6th and 7th centuries AD : a chronological framework
A chronology of world Christianity
Ancient North Americans
The Eskimo archaeology of Julianehaab district : with a brief summary of the prehistory of the Greenlanders
Dating in the Bronze Age : with special reference to Scandinavia
Alexandria and the moon : an investigation into the Lunar Macedonian calendar of Ptolemaic Egypt
A chronology of the Orthodox Church in Japan
A Brontë family chronology
Humans, Environment and Chronology of the Late Glacial of the North European Plain : Proceedings of Workshop 14 (Commission XXXII) of the 15th U.I.S.P.P. Congress, Lisbon, September 2006 (2009)
Chronology of the expanding world 1492 to 1762
Chronological history of Romania
More on this day in history
High, middle or low? : acts of an International colloquium on absolute chronology held at the University of Gothenburg 20th - 22nd August 1987. Part 1
Chronicle of the first world war. Volume I : 1914-1916
Komatiite-hosted Ni-Cu-PGE deposits in Finland : their characterization, PGE content, and petrogenesis
Neolithic pots and ceramics chronology : AMS-datings of Middle and Late Neolithic ceramics in Finland
Chronicles world literature from the Classical Age through the twentieth century, discussing literary developments and the relationship between literature and the political and social climate of each historical period.
Stone age settlement and economic processes in the Estonian coastal area and islands
The Experience of World War I
Time and eternity : the medieval discourse
Contributions to the archaeology of Disko Bay
History year by year
Danish inhumation graves of the viking age
Stone Age settlement and economic processes in the Estonian coastal area and islands
Isotope geology
Neolithic and Copper Age between the Carpathians and the Aegean Sea : chronologies and technologies from the 6th to the 4th Millennium BCE : international workshop Budapest 2012
In 2010 IRPA-KIK organized the Tree Rings, Art, Archaeology conference. The various articles gathered in the proceedings reflect the practices of fifteen European countries. The first objective of the conference was to review the notable advances over the last ten years. The second aim, focused more on the future, was to bring together dendrochronologists and other players in the field - historians, archaeologists and art historians - to discuss the 'Good use of dendrochronology'. The articles successively explore the different facets of the dendrochronological prism.
Archaeological and palaeoecological studies in Medelpad, N. Sweden
A political chronology of Europe
The annals of the world
Timelines : the art of modernism 1870-2000
Kalevala : Webster's timeline history, 1835-2007
Tree-limit and climate evolution at the southern extremity of the Swedish Scandes have been reconstructed for the entire Holocene and for the past century. The main objective was to test the reproducibility of a similar study further north in the Swedish Scandes. The long-term history relies mainly on radiocarbondated megafossil tree remains preserved in peat and mineral soil. The more recent perspective was analysed from age distributions in the most marginal, extant tree populations. Pinus sylvestris (pine) immigrated to the study region already during the Late-Glacial, 10,500 14C yr BP, when it grew in the summit areas of fi rst deglaciated mountains. The pine tree-limit peaked ca. 9200 14C yr BP, followed by a 345 m gradual descent (summer cooling + land uplift) until about a century ago. Presence of tree species assemblages without modern analogs at high elevations during the early-Holocene, Pinus sylvestris (dominant), Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa, Picea abies, Larix sibirica, Quercus robur and Corylus avellana, strengthens the view of a warm and dry summer climate, although with a different seasonal distribution of incoming radiant energy than today. The longterm natural trend of tree-limit retreat and summer cooling was anomalously broken about a century ago. During the 20th century, the pine tree-limit has shifted 140 m uphill, in congruence with instrumentally recorded summer warming by ca. 1 &ordm;C. In a perspective of the entire Holocene tree-limit chronology, the modern tree-limit rise (and climate warming) is anomalous for the past 4000-7000 years. Except for tree-limit rise, recent warming has contributed to changes in the alpine plant cover, e.g. vanishing snow-bed communities, expansion of deciduous dwarf-shrubs, graminoids, and invasion of exotic and thermophilic plant species. Overall, this study has reproduced processes and patterns previously reported further north in the Scandes.
Studies in the chronology and regional style of old Babylonia cylinder seals
Central and southern Italy before Rome
40Ar-39Ar, AFT and (U-Th)/He thermochronologic implications for the low-temperature geological evolution in SE Sweden
Timetables of world literature
Egypt is the richest source of primary documents for the economy, society and everyday life of the late antique Mediterranean world. Its thousands of papyri provide insight into aspects and topics ignored by ancient authors. This handbook is an indispensable tool in navigating these documents, which use a host of complex systems to date legal transactions. Extensive tables and lists help the reader understand the use of consulates, the indiction cycle, eras, and dates by imperial reigns. Other formal aspects of the documents, including Christian invocations and sworn oaths, are also fully covered.
A chronology of opera performances at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg, 1860-1917. Book 1
A survey of archaeological samples dated in 1984
The pocket timeline of ancient Mesopotamia
Chronology of African history
Chronicle of the first world war. Volume II : 1917-1921
Star Trek chronology : the history of the future
Faiths across time : 5,000 years of religious history. Vol. 1-4
Tree rings, art, archaeology : proceedings of the conference
A gradient/time curve for dating Stone Age shorelines in Finland
The West Ny Friesland Terrane : an exhumed mid-crustal obliquely convergent orogen
The archaeology of time
Chronicle of war : 1914 to the present day
A chronology of the People's Republic of China : from October 1, 1949
Sclerochronology: mussels as bookkeepers of aquatic environment
Assyrian, Babylonian, Egyptian and Persian chronology compared with the chronology of the Bible. Vol. 2, Assyrian, Babylonian, and Egyptian Chronology
Japanese chronological tables from 601 to 1872 A. D.
"This chronology begins with an overview of religious life in the U.S., then focuses on developments from Jamestown in 1607 to the Catholic backlash in response to Nancy Pelosi's comments in 2008. Appendices focus on the distribution of major religious groups and various Christian religious denominations in the U.S., and the effect of religion on the 2008 election"--Provided by publisher.
Rock art and seascapes in Uppland
Chronology of the ancient world
Late Weichselian varve archives re-explored to assess proglacial sedimentary chronologies using the principles of tree-ring analysis
Cassell's chronology of world history : dates, events and ideas that made history
A chronology of opera performances at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg, 1860-1917. Book 2
Chronology of religious life in America
A chronology of the Roman Empire
Tree-limit landscape evolution at the southern fringe of the Swedish Scandes (Dalarna province) - Holocene and 20th century perspectives
A chronology of international organizations
A chronology of western architecture
The Fitzroy Dearborn calendar of world history
The chronology of the Mesolithic Stone Age on the Swedish West Coast
Monumental art of northern Sweden from the stone age : Nämforsen and other localities
Archaeological shore displacement chronology in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland
Prehistoric chronology and radiocarbon dating in India
Indonesian chronology
A chronology of the Crusades
Gathering time : dating the early Neolithic enclosures of southern Britain and Ireland
Histories of the dead : building chronologies for five southern British long barrows
World war one : a chronological narrative
Handbook of biblical chronology : principles of time reckoning in the ancient world and problems of chronology in the Bible
Chronology of world history
High, middle or low? : acts of an International colloquium on absolute chronology held at the University of Gothenburg, 20th - 22nd August 1987. Part 2
Relative chronologies in Old World archeology
Chronology of the Second World War
Encyclopedia of American history
A political chronology of the world
The Oxford chronology of English literature
The illustrated encyclopedia of historical facts : from the dawn of the Christian era to the new world order
A model to date Stone Age sites within an area of abnormal uplift in Southern Finland
Worldwide chronology of fifty-three prehistoric innovations
The Easter controversy of late antiquity and the early middle ages : proceedings of the 2nd international conference on the science of Computus, Galway, 18-20 July, 2008
Patesis of the Ur dynasty
A political chronology of Central, South and East Asia
Late Miocene mammals from the Mauvilla local fauna, Alabama
Dates in medicine : a chronological record of medical progress over three millennia
Late La Tène-Roman cemetery in Novo mesto : Ljubljanska cesta and Okrajno glavarstvo : Studies on fibulae and on the relative chronology of the Late La Tène period = Poznolatensko-rimsko grobišče v Novem mestu : Ljubljanska cesta in Okrajno glavarstvo : Študije o fibulah in o relativni kronologiji pozne latenske dobe
South West England
The Iron Age settlement of arctic Norway : a study in the expansion of European Iron Age culture within the Arctic Circle. 1, Early Iron Age : Roman and migration periods
Abraham ibn Daud's Dorot 'olam (Generations of the Ages)
High, middle or low? : acts of an International colloquium on absolute chronology held at the University of Gothenburg, 20th - 22nd August 1987. Pt. 3
Ancient Egyptian chronology
Terrorism, 1996-2001 : a chronology
Chronological systems of Byzantine Egypt
The Muslim diaspora : a comprehensive reference to the spread of Islam in Asia, Africa, Europe, and the Americas. Vol. 1, 570-1500
Near Eastern, Mediterranean and European chronology : the historical, archaeological, radiocarbon, pollenanalytical and geochronological evidence
Chronologies in old world archaeology
Climate impact on 100-year foliage chronologies of Scots pine and Ponderosa pine in the northeast lowlands of Brandenburg, Germany
Near Eastern destruction datings as sources for Greek and Near Eastern Iron Age chronology : archaeological and historical studies : the cases of Samaria (722 B.C.) and Tarsus (696 B.C.)
The Timetables of science : a chronology of the most important people and events in the history of science
Cartographies of time
Assyrian, Babylonian, Egyptian and Persian chronology compared with the chronology of the Bible. Vol. 1, Persian chronology and the length of the Babylonian exile of the Jews
A political chronology of Africa
Studies in the quaternary of the Western Desert of Egypt
Chronologies of the Black Sea area in the period c. 400-100 BC
Holidays and anniversaries of the world : a comprehensive catalog containing detailed information on every month and day of the year, with coverage of more than 26 000 holidays, anniversaries, fasts and feasts, holy days of the Saints, the Blesseds, and other days of religious significance, birthdays of the famous, important dates in history, and special events and their sponsors
The Low Countries
The new Islamic dynasties : a chronological and genealogical manual
A political chronology of the Americas
Music since 1900
The Mesolithic stone age of eastern middle Sweden
On the development of Lake Höytiäinen in Carelia and its ancient flora
Quick access to Chinese history
Speaking the unspeakable : representing trauma in Martin Ames's Time's arrow and Caryl Phillips's The nature of blood
Studies relating to shore displacement and Stone Age chronology in Finland
Questioning the millenium : a rationalist's guide to a precisely arbitrary countdown
Scotland, archaeology and early history
Geochronology : linking the isotope record with oetrology and textures
The chronicle of classical music : an intimate diary of the lives and music of the great composers
Terrorism, 2002-2004 : a chronology
National Geographic concise history of the world : an illustrated time line
Quick access to to the People's Republic of China : the first sixty years (1949-2009)
On the beginning of the Viking Period
