http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7780 children's programmes
children's programmes
Tom and Jerry : winter tails
Understanding Disney : the manufacture of fantasy
European television in the digital age : issues, dynamics and realities
Out of the garden : toys, TV and children's culture in the age of marketing
The magical world of Harry Potter
Street gang : the complete history of Sesame Street
Into the box of delights : a history of children's television
Phineas and Ferb : best lazy day ever!
123 Sesame Street : a celebration : 40 years of life on the street
Television & America's children : a crisis of neglect
My CBeebies album
Children and television
Children and media : image, education, participation
Auto b good : tutkimaton tie
Kids tv themes
Millennial monsters : Japanese toys and the global imagination
Lego legends of Chima : jaksot 9-12
Charlie and Lola's favourite and best music record
Pokemon 2.B.A master : music from the hit TV series : easy piano
The television genre book
Lego legends of Chima : Jaksot 33-36
The kids' music collection
Lego Ninjago : masters of spinjitzu. / Jaksot 45-49
Songs from the book of Pooh : featuring 22 original fun-filled songs from the TV show
Television, childhood, and the home : a history of the making of the child television audience in Britain
Learn English with Dora! : the Finnish version of Dora the Explorer as a way of teching English vocabulary
Children and media violence : yearbook from the UNESCO International Clearinghouse on Children and Violence on the Screen 1998
Rastamouse songbook for ukulele
Tom and Jerry fur flying adventures : all 3 volumes!
Let's have fun and Little creatures
Small screens : television for children
Television, the Teletubbies and Clara : A case study of the behaviour of a young child in a television viewing situation
Teletubbies : The music book. Recorder
Tom and Jerry : once upon a Tomcat
Toy Story
Nickelodeon nation : the history, politics, and economics of America's only TV channel for kids
Sesame Street unpaved : scripts, stories, secrets, and songs
"Genre is central to understanding the industrial context and visual form of television. This new edition of the key textbook on television genre brings together leading international scholars to provide an accessible and comprehensive introduction to the debates, issues and concerns of the field. Structured in eleven sections, The television genre book introduces the concept of 'genre' itself and how it has been understood in television studies, and then addresses the main televisual genres in turn: drama, soap opera, comedy, news, documentary, reality television, children's television, animation and popular entertainment." -- Back cover.
An analysis of an audiovisual translation with an emphasis on the methods of condensing
Writing for television, radio and new media
"Dear BBC" : children, television storytelling and the public sphere
Pokemon 2.B.A master : recorder fun!
Littlest Pet Shop. 4.
Lego Legends of Chima : Jaksot 29-32
For the young viewer : television programming for children ... at the local level
Minority language dubbing for children : screen translation from German to Irish
Lego legends of Chima : jaksot 5-8
Teletubbies : the music book : Easy piano
Abandoned in the wasteland : children, television, and the First Amendment
Children's TV favourites : easy arrangements for piano
Children's television, 1947-1990 : over 200 series, game and variety shows, cartoons, educational programs, and specials
Mark Spark in the dark ; Jimmy Jelly
TV toys
