http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7798 etymological dictionaries
etymological dictionaries
Etymological dictionary of the Iranian verb
A Gothic etymological dictionary : based on the third edition of Vergleichendes Wörterbuch der Gotischen Sprache by Sigmund Feist
A dictionary of anglicisms in Swedish
As she spoke
Etymological dictionary of Proto-Germanic
Etymological dictionary of Scottish-Gaelic
Hobson-Jobson : the Anglo-Indian dictionary
Bloomsbury dictionary of word origins
Etymological dictionary of the Armenian inherited lexicon
Etymological dictionaries : a tentative typology
An etymological dictionary of modern English. Vol. 1, A - K
Etymological dictionary of Greek
The Barnhart dictionary of etymology
An etymological dictionary of pre-thirteenth-century Turkish : index. Vol. 1-2
Etymological dictionary of the Sumerian language
Etymological dictionary of Latin and the other Italic languages
The usual suspects & other clichés : names and shames more than 1,500 familiar words and phrases
Is Japanese related to the Altaic languages? ; Etymological index of Japanese
Ologies and isms : a dictionary of word beginnngs and endings
Introduction to a comparative and etymological dictionary of the Mongolian languages and dialects
The origins of English words : a discursive dictionary of Indo-European roots
The concise Oxford dictionary of english etymology
The concise Oxford dictionary of English etymology
Semitic etymological dictionary. Vol. 1, Anatomy of man and animals
Oxford dictionary of word origins
An etymological dictionary for reading Dante's On Monarchy
An etymological dictionary of modern English : With a new biographical memoir of the author by Montague Weekley. 1, A - K
A handbook of the Uralic languages. 1, Fenno-Ugric vocabulary : an etymological dictionary of the Uralic languages
Hamito-Semitic etymological dictionary : material for a reconstruction
A new etymological vocabulary of Pashto
Hittite etymological dictionary. Vol. 4, Words beginning with K
Kurzgefasstes etymologisches Wörterbuch des Altindischen = A concise etymological Sanskrit dictionary. Band 4, Register
The Oxford dictionary of allusions
Word origins : the hidden histories of English words from A to Z
The historical reconstruction of Great Lakes Bantu cultural vocabulary : etymologies and distributions
To coin a phrase: a dictionary of origins
Dictionary of word origins
Etymological glossary of Old Welsh
Dictionary of word and phrase origins. 1
Etymological dictionary of the Sumerian language. Part 1, Lexical evidence
Vēdic glossary on Indus seals
Kurzgefasstes etymologisches Wörterbuch des Altindischen = A concise etymological Sanskrit dictionary. Bd. 2, D-M
Etymological dictionary of the Sumerian language. Part 2, Semantic analyses and indices
Dictionary of word and phrase origins
English speech act verbs : a semantic dictionary
The words of mathematics : an etymological dictionary of mathematical terms used in English
The oxford dictionary of english etymology
An etymological dictionary of modern English. Vol. 2, L - Z
Chambers dictionary of etymology
Dictionary of proverbs
English etymology : a select glossary serving as an introduction to the history of the English language
Iranica in the Achaemenid period (ca. 550-330 B.C.) : lexicon of old Iranian proper names and loanwords, attested in non-Iranian texts
Albanian etymological dictionary
A concise etymological dictionary of the English language
A comprehensive etymological dictionary of the English language dealing with the origin of words and their sense development thus illustrating the history of civilization and culture. 1, A-K
Etymological lexicon of classical Greek = Etyma graeca
Leiden Indo-European etymological dictionary series
As an Indo-European language, Armenian has been the subject of etymological research for over a hundred years. There are many valuable systematic handbooks, studies and surveys on comparative Armenian linguistics. Almost all of these works, with a few exceptions, mostly concentrate on Classical Armenian and touch the dialects only sporadically. Non-literary data taken from Armenian dialects have largely remained outside of the scope of Indo-European etymological considerations. This book provides an up-to-date description of the Indo-European lexical stock of Armenian with systematic inclusion of dialectal data. It incorporates the lexical, phonetic, and morphological material in the Armenian dialects into the etymological treatment of the Indo-European lexicon. In this respect it is completely new.
The new international Webster's comprehensive dictionary of the English language
The Oxford dictionary of English etymology
This book collects and discusses the Old Iranian divine names, personal names, geographical names (toponyms, hydronyms and oronyms) and loanwords, which are attested in texts written in Aramaic, Babylonian, Egyptian, Elamite, Lycian, Lydian and Phrygian. The texts, both royal inscriptions and documentary texts, are discovered in the entire territory of the Achaemenid Empire (from Egypt to Bactria), which controlled the Ancient Near East from ca. 550 to 331 B.C. The Iranica discussed in this book are divided into four categories: (1) directly transmitted Iranica, (2) semi-directly transmitted Iranica, (3) foreign Iranica and (4) indirectly transmitted Iranica (the so-called "Altiranische Nebenüberlieferung"). All expressions, which do not belong to one of these categories, are brought together in a section called "Incerta". The etymology and linguistic setting of each Iranian expression is studied and a list of occurrences is added to this analysis.
Etymological dictionary of the Kartvelian languages
Etymological dictionary of the Altaic languages
Latin is one of the major ancient Indo-European languages and one of the cornerstones of Indo-European studies. Since the last comprehensive etymological dictionary of Latin appeared in 1959, enormous progress has been made in the reconstruction of Proto-Indo-European, and many etymologies have been revised. This new etymological dictionary covers the entire Latin lexicon of Indo-European origin. It consists of nearly 1900 entries, which altogether discuss about 8000 Latin lemmata. All words attested before Cicero are included, together with their first date of attestation in Latin. The dictionary also includes all the inherited words found in the other ancient Italic languages, such as Oscan, Umbrian and South Picene; thus, it also serves as an etymological dictionary of Italic.
Coptic etymological dictionary
Written in stone : an entertaining time-travelling jaunt through the Stone Age origins of our modern-day language
An etymological dictionary for reading Dante's De vulgari eloquentia
A lexikon of ancient Latin etymologies
Cassell's dictionary of word histories
The real McCoy : the true stories behind our everyday phrases
Dictionary of astronomical names
The origins of words & phrases
Origins : an etymological dictionary of modern English
An etymological dictionary of pre-thirteenth-century Turkish
'ISMS : a dictionary of words ending in -ism -ology, and -phobia with some similar terms arr. in subject order
The American heritage dictionary of Indo-European roots
An etymological dictionary of modern English : With a new biographical memoir of the author by Montague Weekley. 2, L - Z
Fenno-ugric vocabulary : an etymological dictionary of the Uralic languages
A history of the Chambers dictionary
Kurzgefasstes etymologisches Wörterbuch des Altindischen = A concise etymological Sanskrit dictionary. Bd 2, D-M
A concise etymological dictionary of Latin
Hittite etymological dictionary. Vol. 5, Words beginning with L : Indices to volumes 1-5
An etymological dictionary of the English language
Materials for a Tocharian historical and etymological dictionary
Dictionary of world place names derived from British names
A comparative etymologic lexicon of common Indo-Germanisches (Indo-European) words : with discussion of phonological dialectical changes, common-historical, geographical, archaeological, mythological, cultural, legal and scientific background. Vol. 8, O-,P-,R- : with discussion of Trojan entry into Italy, after the fall of Troy in Anatolia, and the founding of Rome at Latium. Further insight into the earlier history and culture of Anatolia and its effect on the culture of Greece and Rome : a plea for truth and honesty in linguistics, history, and geography, archaeology: "in all things, big or small"
Etymological dictionary of Egyptian. Vol. 3, m-
A comprehensive etymological dictionary of the Hebrew language for readers of English
Kurzgefasstes etymologisches Wörterbuch des Altindischen = A concise etymological Sanskrit dictionary. Bd. 1, A-TH
Dictionary of changes in meaning
A comparative etymologic lexicon of common Indo-Germanisches (Indo-European) words : with discussion of phonological dialectical changes, common-historical, geographical, archaeological, mythological, cultural, legal and scientific background. Vol. 7, L-,M-,N- : with discussion of revised history of pre-Roman Greece and Anatolia : a plea for truth in linguistics, archaeology, history and geography
From the Viking word-hoard : a dictionary of Scandinavian words in the languages of Britain and Ireland
Word mysteries & histories : from quiche to humble pie
NTC's dictionary of changes in meanings
