http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7791 land title register
land title register
The European Union and assembling biofuel development : topological investigations concerning the associations between law, policy and space
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England. 34, Suffolk
Images of the other in Finnish primary school geography books
Local and regional scale determinants of biodiversity patterns in boreal agricultural landscapes
City of fallen angels
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 21, Northamptonshire
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 6, Wiltshire
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 22, Leicestershire
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 16, Worcestershire
Steelheart
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Zonation : spatial conservation planning methods and software : version 4 : user manual
Riddles of Finnish gender history
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 29, Rutland
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 3, Surrey
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 28, Nottinghamshire
The age of planetary space : on Heidegger, being, and metaphysics of globalization
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 20, Bedfordshire
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 12, Hertfordshire
Of fire and water : the Old Norse mythical worldview in an eco-mythological perspective
Abstract: Guide to Agricultural Constructing.
Electronic solutions for Ethiopian health sector : electronic medical record (EMR) system
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England. 4, Hampshire
Remote sensing for three-dimensional modelling of hydromorphology
Fluvio-morphological processes of meander bends : combining conventional field measurements, close-range remote sensing and computational modelling
Although urban allotment gardening dates back to the nineteenth century, it has recently undergone a renaissance of interest and popularity. This is the result of greater concern over urban greenspace, food security and quality of life. This book presents a comprehensive, research-based overview of the various features, benefits and values associated with urban allotment gardening in Europe. The book is based on a European COST Action project, which brings together researchers and practitioners from all over Europe for the first detailed exploration of the subject on a continent-wide scale. It assesses the policy, planning and design aspects, as well as the social and ecological benefits of urban allotment gardening. Through an examination of the wide range of different traditions and practices across Europe, it brings together the most recent research to discuss the latest evolutions of urban allotment gardening and to help raise awareness and fill knowledge gaps. The book provides a multidisciplinary perspective, including insights from horticulture and soil science, ecology, sociology, urban geography, landscape, planning and design. The themes are underpinned by case studies from a number of European countries which supply a wide range of examples to illustrate different key issues.
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 15, Gloucestershire
City of lost souls
High dudgeon : crafting affective narratives from (semi-) official texts
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England. 31, Lincolnshire
This encyclopedia of virtual communities and technologies provides a much needed integrated overview of all the critical concepts, technologies and issues in the area of virtual communities.
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 8, Somerset
The mark of Athena
City of ashes
Community inhabitants' values and benefits in dynamic tropical forest landscapes : participation and spatial analysis in landscape knowledge integration
Innocence (with bonus short story Wilderness) : a novel
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England. 7, Dorset
How a Small Japanese E-retailing Company Can Expand Its Operations Abroad : Case Agrade
Where science meets its use : - Exploring the emergence of the practical relevance of scientific knowledge in the regional context
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Land use rights and gender in Ovamboland, North- Central Namibia, since the 1930s
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 19, Huntingdonshire
The howling miller
Enabling experiences - the role of operators and tour leaders in creating and managing package tourism experiences
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 10, Cornwall
Outline of accounting for non-industrial private woodlots
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
The lost hero
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 27, Derbyshire
FLOSS in cadastre and land registration : opportunities and risks
The time traveler's handbook : 18 experiences from the eruption of Vesuvius to Woodstock
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 35, Supplementary volume : Boldon book : Northumberland and Durham
The son of Neptune
The infinite sea
The map of lost memories : a novel
Active sulphide mine tailings impoundments as sources of contaminated drainage : controlling factors, methods of characterisation and geochemical constraints for mitigation
Weathering
'Practice makes perfect' : learning to learn in secondary school EFL textbooks
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England. 32, Essex
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 11, Middlesex
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 18, Cambridgeshire
The girl with no name
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England. 17, Herefordshire
Modelling ecological values in heterogenous and dynamic landscapes with geospatial data
Rural food system change in Tanzania during the Post-Ujamaa era : a case study from Western Bagamoyo district
The lost prince
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 26, Cheshire
Adult education policy in the European Union during the Lisbon decade : the shift to vocational adult learning and work skills matching
Long-term nutrient load management and lake restoration : case of Säkylän Pyhäjärvi (SW Finland)
Mitosis : a Reckoners story
Evolving polycentricities : the development of urban spatial structure in Finnish urban regions
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England. 37, Index of persons
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 5, Berkshire
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 14, Oxfordshire
In agrarian economies arable land is the most important form of property and productive resource, so that access to land defines the political and social status of a member of society. This paper examines changes in property and particularly land use rights in North-Central Namibia, paying special reference to gender inequality in access to land. The problem is approached by exploring the coping strategies of widowed and divorced persons after the dissolution of their marriage. Where property rights and gender inequality have traditionally been investigated on the basis of administrative records, survey data or oral information, this paper approaches such problems from a new perspective, through life histories of the Christian population transcribed from parish registers of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia. Linking of the parish register data to anthropological, ethnographic, socio-economic and cultural information markedly widens our scope for discussing rights over communal lands. The paper shows that remarriage was a real solution for many widows and divorced women in the 1930s and 1940s if they were at the best childbearing age. A dramatic decrease in the remarriage rate occurred from the mid-1950s onwards, however, which was related to socio-economic changes in society.
The book thief
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England. 38, Index of subjects
Domesday : book of judgement
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England. 33, Norfolk
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England. 30, Yorkshire
Challenges and opportunities for business advantage in Finnish pellet industries : results on literature review and retailer survey
Landscape change and grassland dynamics : retrospective studies based on aerial photographs and old cadastral maps during 200 years in south Sweden
A short history of nearly everything
Regional development zones in spatial development in Finland : governing spatial development through new territorial frames
The agrarian landscape in Finland circa 1700 : with special reference to Southwest Finland and Ostrobothnia
All that is : a novel
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England. 9, Devon
Designing patient registry software for Kenyan healthcare
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 24, Staffordshire
Encyclopedia of Virtual Communities and Technologies
Fluvial processes and their future magnitudes : combined field observation and simulation approaches
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 13, Buckinghamshire
City of heavenly fire
Drilled well yield and hydraulic properties in the Precambrian crystalline bedrock of Central Finland
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England. 36, Index of places
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England. 25, Shropshire
Economic geographical analysis of the Finnish paper industry
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 2, Sussex
Vietnamese students' decision making process on choosing a study destination and its marketing implications
Bibliographia Sociniana : a bibliographical reference tool for the study of Dutch Socinianism and Antitrinitarianism
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England = Liber de Wintonia. 23, Warwickshire
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
City of glass
Under the never sky
Domesday book : a survey of the counties of England. 1, Kent
The Anglo-Saxon chancery : the history, language and production of Anglo-Saxon charters from Alfred to Edgar
Application of magnetic biomonitoring in air pollution research : spatio-temporal properties of magnetic particle matter
