http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7797 electronic books
electronic books
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2011 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2011 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2011
The entrepreneurial linguist : the business-school approach to freelance translation
Superforecasting : the art and science of prediction
Planned obsolescence : publishing, technology, and the future of the academy
Disaster, Conflict and Society in Crises : Everyday politics of crisis response
Epämuodostumat 1993–2011 = Missbildningar 1993–2011 = Congenital anomalies 1993–2011
Mires from pole to pole
Missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
Sleep smarter : 21 essential strategies to sleep your way to a better body, better health, and bigger success
Theoria et praxis
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Healing sounds : the power of harmonics
Hedelmöityshoidot 2008-2009 = Assisterad befruktning 2008-2009 = Assisted fertility treatments 2008-2009
The industries of the future
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
Yes! : 50 scientifically proven ways to be persuasive
A long way home
Digital literature : from text to hypertext and beyond
Reading moving letters : digital literature in research and teaching : a handbook
Marketing your library's electronic resources : a how-to-do-it manual
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
Comparative test of compost accelerators.
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Progress : Ten Reasons to Look Forward to the Future
Literature in the Digital Age : An Introduction
Believe, ask, act : divine steps to raise your intuition, create change, and discover happiness
Building an electronic resource collection : a practical guide
Academic institutions are facing a crisis in scholarly publishing at multiple levels: presses are stressed as never before, library budgets are squeezed, faculty are having difficulty publishing their work, and promotion and tenure committees are facing a range of new ways of working without a clear sense of how to understand and evaluate them. Planned Obsolescence is both a provocation to think more broadly about the academy's future and an argument for reconceiving that future in more communally-oriented ways. Facing these issues head-on, Kathleen Fitzpatrick focuses on the technological changes--especially greater utilization of internet publication technologies, including digital archives, social networking tools, and multimedia--necessary to allow academic publishing to thrive into the future. But she goes further, insisting that the key issues that must be addressed are social and institutional in origin. Springing from original research as well as Fitzpatrick's own hands-on experiments in new modes of scholarly communication through MediaCommons, the digital scholarly network she co-founded, Planned Obsolescence explores these aspects of scholarly work, as well as issues surrounding the preservation of digital scholarship and the place of publishing within the structure of the contemporary university. Written in an approachable style designed to bring administrators and scholars into a conversation, Planned Obsolescence explores both symptom and cure to ensure that scholarly communication will remain relevant in the digital future.
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
E-books in libraries : a practical guide
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Europe's best trips : 40 amazing road trips
Guide to electronic resource management
Changing development environment for adolescents : learning outcomes and students' well-being in a differentiating Helsinki Metropolitan area.
Italy's best trips : 40 amazing road trips
Social selling : techniques to influence buyers and changemakers
Are libraries extinct? In these times of economic downturn and digital availability, what could provide libraries with a reason for being? In order to provide a vital presence on Facebook and Google+, you must provide a true sense of connection with the library's friends.
'What 's for dinner?' seemed like a simple question-until journalist and supermarket detective Michael Pollan delved behind the scenes. From fast food and big organic to small farms and old-fashioned hunting and gathering, this young readers' adaptation of Pollan's famous food-chain exploration encourages kids to consider the personal and global health implications of their food choices. Examines the origins of the different food chains that have sustained humans throughout history, discussing how certain foods and cuisines have become a popular part of people's daily diets.
Although urban allotment gardening dates back to the nineteenth century, it has recently undergone a renaissance of interest and popularity. This is the result of greater concern over urban greenspace, food security and quality of life. This book presents a comprehensive, research-based overview of the various features, benefits and values associated with urban allotment gardening in Europe. The book is based on a European COST Action project, which brings together researchers and practitioners from all over Europe for the first detailed exploration of the subject on a continent-wide scale. It assesses the policy, planning and design aspects, as well as the social and ecological benefits of urban allotment gardening. Through an examination of the wide range of different traditions and practices across Europe, it brings together the most recent research to discuss the latest evolutions of urban allotment gardening and to help raise awareness and fill knowledge gaps. The book provides a multidisciplinary perspective, including insights from horticulture and soil science, ecology, sociology, urban geography, landscape, planning and design. The themes are underpinned by case studies from a number of European countries which supply a wide range of examples to illustrate different key issues.
E-book publishing success : how anyone can write, compile and sell e-books on the Internet
The Pacific Northwest's best trips : 32 amazing road trips
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Packs six minibooks in one full-color guide: iPad Basics, Just for Fun, iPad on the Go, Getting Productive with iWork, Using iPad to Get Organized, and Must-Have iPad Apps. Covers the newest iPad features, functions, and capabilities, including the stunning retina display, voice dictation, the enhanced iSight camera, HD video recording in full 1080p.
The year of living Danishly : uncovering the secrets of the world's happiest country
Jane Austen, the secret radical
The big picture : on the origins of life, meaning, and the universe itself
Progressive muslims : on justice, gender, and pluralism
The last Jews in Berlin
California's best trips : 33 amazing road trips
Run fast. eat slow. : Nourishing Recipes for Athletes
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2012 : Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2012 = Count of regular home-care clients on 30 November of 2012
It is almost impossible to get away from discussions of whether the 'book' can survive the digital revolution. This title discusses the topics ranging from what can be defined as the first book to what happens to knowledge that infinite amounts of information are available at the click of a mouse.
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2011 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2011 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2011
This is not the end of the book : a conversation curated by Jean-Philippe de Tonnac
E-literature for children : enhancing digital literacy learning
As the World Thought Leaders on Customer Experience, Colin Shaw and the team at Beyond Philosophy have undertaken more than 18 months of groundbreaking research to discover the emotions that drive and destroy value in an organization, and can now disclose the empirical link between evoking these emotions and substantial financial returns.
"As the digital landscape has changed buyers' habits it's increasingly difficult to reach them early enough in their decision-making process using traditional sales methods. Developing relationships with decision-makers through social networks has become an increasingly critical skill - enabling sales professionals to engage early on and 'hack' the buying process. Social Selling provides a practical, step-by-step blueprint for harnessing these specific and proven techniques including: - How to use networks purposefully to build social trust and create a high quality community - How to develop real influence and authority in your subject area and connect with change-makers - How to scale the social selling strategy across an organisation including maturity and investment models, risk and governance, and technology platforms"--
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Ireland's best trips : 34 amazing road trips
The immune system recovery plan : a doctor's 4-step program to treat autoimmune disease
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
Digital literature for children : texts, readers and educational practices
Tupakkatilasto 2014 = Tobaksstatistik 2014 = Tobacco statistics 2014
A prediction model prototype for estimating optimal storage duration and sorting
Humanitarian crises - resulting from conflict, natural disaster or political collapse - are usually perceived as a complete break from normality, spurring special emergency policies and interventions. In reality, there are many continuities and discontinuities between crisis and normality. What does this mean for our understanding of politics, aid, and local institutions during crises? This book examines this question from a sociological perspective. This book provides a qualitative inquiry into the social and political dynamics of local institutional response, international policy and aid int.
Erikoissairaanhoidon hoitoonpääsy vuosina 2007–2012 = Tillgången till specialiserad sjukvård åren 2007–2012 = Access to services in specialised health care in 2007–2012
This book presents a detailed analysis of the educational model in Nordic European countries. It describes the traditional idea of education for all, which can be characterized by the right for every child to have an education of equal quality in a common school for all pupils regardless of social class, abilities, gender, or ethnicity. Against this background, The Nordic Education Model traces the rise of neo-liberal policies that have been enacted by those who believe the School for All ideology does not produce the knowledge and skills that students need to succeed in an increasingly c
Nordic inspiration : fresh approaches to museum learning / [editing: Tine Seligmann and Dorthe Godsk Larsen]
No shelf required : e-books in libraries
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Never mind the web : here comes the book
France's best trips : 38 amazing road trips
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
Health system efficiency : how to make measurement matter for policy and management
The gene : an intimate history
Electronic literature : new horizons for the literary
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2010 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2010 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2010
Perusterveydenhuolto 2011 = Primärvård 2011 = Primary health care services 2011
Consumer behavior
Tupakkatilasto 2010 = Tobaksstatistik 2010 = Tobacco statistics 2010
The hormone cure : reclaim balance, sleep, sex drive, and vitality naturally with the Gottfried protocol
Raskaudenkeskeytykset 2010 : ennakkotiedot = Aborter 2010 : preliminära uppgifter = Induced abortions 2010 : preliminary data
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2009 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2009 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2009
Hedelmöityshoidot 2007-2008 = Assisterad befruktning 2007-2008 = Assisted fertility treatments 2007-2008
New England's best trips : 31 amazing road trips
The transformed library : e-books, expertise, and evolution
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2013 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2013 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2013
Ink into bits : a web of converging media
Implementing e-learning
The singularity is near : when humans transcend biology
"How can we use this new social media channel most effectively to drive more revenue, profit, brand and share at highest ROI and least risk?" --The concepts in this book can be applied to any social marketing channel and any combination of traditional and social media. --ROI of Social Media is truly global in nature presenting case studies from around the world including Dell (Europe), Comcast (North America), Guinness Anchor Berhad (Malaysia) and Microsoft Asia Pacific. With this range of case studies, the reader will be able to apply these concepts to their business whether they are based in New York, Shanghai, London or Sydney. --The book presents with an 8-step process to strategize, develop, implement and measure an effective social marketing strategy. -- Book Jacket.
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
Abstract: Health behaviour and health among Finnish elderly, Spring 2007, with trends 1993-2007.
Android tablets for dummies
Growing up Amish : a memoir
Can we learn from the heritage lost in a fire : experiences and practises on the fire protection of historic buildings in Finland, Norway and Sweden
Pohjoismaiset raskaudenkeskeytykset 2011 = Aborter i Norden 2011 : Induced abortions in the Nordic countries 2011
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
A kaleidoscope of digital American literature
Strategic communication, social media and democracy : the challenge of the digital naturals
eLexicography in the 21st century : new challenges, new applications : proceedings of eLex 2009, Louvain-la-Neuve 22-24 October 2009
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2008 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2008 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2008
Lonely planet's best in travel 2017 : The best trends, destinations, journeys and experiences for the year ahead
The omnivore's dilemma : the secrets behind what you eat
Archiving the web : European experiences
Evicted : poverty and profit in the American city
Checklist of lichens and allied fungi of Finland
Pohjoismaiset raskaudenkeskeytykset 2013 = Aborter i Norden 2013 : Induced abortions in the Nordic countries 2013
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
Learn in your car German complete
Tupakkatilasto 2011 : Tobaksstatistik 2011 = Tobacco Statistics 2011
The Nordic Education Model : A School for All' Encounters Neo-Liberal Policy
The future of the printed word : the impact and the implications of the new communications technology
The publishing business : from p-books to e-books
Web 2.0 and libraries : impacts, technologies and trends
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
A short history of nearly everything
The innovation illusion : how so little is created by so many working so hard
Nordic research in mathematics education : Proceedings of NORMA14, Turku, June 3–6, 2014
Building and managing e-book collections : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Under the banner of heaven : a story of violent faith
Print is dead : books in our digital age
E-books in academic libraries
Ecowood studies made at the university of Helsinki
Hedelmöityshoidot 2010-2011 = Assisterad befruktning 2010-2011 = Assisted fertility treatments 2010-2011
Learn in your car French complete language course
WHO's target for the reduction of noncommunicable disease mortality in Finland is realistic - but not self-evident
Finnish Grain Quality in 2013.
Hedelmöityshoidot 2013-2014 = Assisterad befruktning 2013-2014 = Assisted fertility treatments 2013-2014
The DNA of customer experience : how emotions drive value
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
How to stop worrying and start living
The Boston strangler
Strangers in their own land : anger and mourning on the American right
Customer-based collection development : an overview
iPad all-in-one for dummies
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Written from the perspective of a librarian, this book offers a comprehensive overview of the impact of e-books on academic libraries. The author discusses advantages to both researches and librarians and provides current examples of innovative uses of e-books in academic contexts. This book reviews the current situation in e-book publishing, and describes problems in managing e-books in libraries caused by the variety of purchase models and varying formats available, and the lack of standardisation. It discusses solutions for providing access and maintaining bibliographic control, looks at various initiatives to publicise and promote e-books, and compares e-book usage surveys to track changes in user preferences and behaviour over the last decade. E-books have already had a huge impact on academic libraries, and major advances in technology will bring further changes. There is a need for collaboration between libraries and publishers. The book concludes with reflections on the future of e-books in academic libraries.
Transferred illusions : digital technology and the forms of print
Adapting to E-books
The impact of electronic publishing : the future for publishers and librarians
Nucleic acids research
Käsityötiede, vai mikä se olikaan? : käsityötieteen professorin Leena K. Kaukisen jäähyväisluento Helsingin yliopistossa 10.12.2009 = Craft science, or how was it? : farewell lecture by professor Leena K. Kaukinen University of Helsinki, December 10th 2009 / Leena K. Kaukinen
Russian : a self-teaching guide
What's the matter with Kansas? : how conservatives won the heart of America
Great Britain's best trips : 36 amazing road trips
"The digital landscape has changed buyers' habits. Sales professionals now need to develop relationships with decision-makers through social networks to reach them early in the decision making process.Social Sellingprovides a practical, step-by-step outline for harnessing the skills and techniques necessary to achieve this, including developing a high quality community, building trust, developing authority and influence, and connecting with changemakers. It also discusses enterprise implementation of a social selling strategy, maturity and investment models necessary, risk and governance, and technology platforms. The chapters feature tips, checklists, and theoretical examples"--
Somaattinen erikoissairaanhoito 2011 : Specialiserad somatisk vård 2011 = Somatic Specialist Medical Care 2011
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
Laptops and mobile devices made easy
Democracy in America
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2012 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2012 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2012
A new checklist of the lichen-forming, lichenicolous and allied fungi occurring in Finland is presented. It contains 1458 lichen taxa and an additional 166 taxa of lichenicolous and allied fungi, for a total of 1624 taxa, of which many are new to Finland. The provincial distribution of each taxon is indicated. The Finnish and Swedish vernacular names are given for many species and genera. Numerous new Finnish names are introduced. The species listed as threatened in Finland are classified into six categories. A special symbol is used to indicate if the nomenclatural type material is from Finland.
