http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7806 work advisors
work advisors
Working with children in groups : a handbook for counsellors, educators and community workers
Counselling in a nutshell
Interprofessional evidence-based practice : a workbook for health professionals
Friendly enemies : maximizing the director-actor relationship
The quality of international student nurses' learning environment and supervision during their clinical practice in Finland : a self-evaluation
Christian youth work in theory and practice : a handbook
The good supervisor : supervising postgraduate and undergraduate research for doctoral theses and dissertations
Aesthetics of absence : texts on theatre
Basic counselling skills : a helper's manual
Theatre people - people's theatre
Supervision : concepts and skill-building
Tulkki = The Interpreter
Promoting Culturally Diverse Students in Clinical Settings
The book of illusions : a novel
This work considers the visual conventions of Japanese comic books and animated films, Miyazaki's early foray into comic books and animation, the Studio Ghibli era, and the company's development. It analyzes all of Miyazaki's productions between 1984 and 2004, including such hits as My Neighbor Totoro.
The tutor and the tutor group : developing your role as a tutor
The elements of effective student nurse mentorship in placement learning environments : systematic review and Finnish and British mentors' conceptions
Guide on implementing workplace instructor training
Competence map for workplace instructors
101 coaching strategies and techniques
Putešestvie v teatral'nom prostranstve : Anatolij Vasil'ev i Igor' Popov: scenografiâ i teatr = A journey in theatrical space : Anatoly Vasiliev and Igor Popov: scenography and theatre. 100̌. 2, Al'bom
Agora XII : training for mentally disabled people and their trainers : permitting the mentally disabled a genuine and appropriate exercise of their rights, Thessaloniki, 5 and 6 July 2001
The animé art of Hayao Miyazaki
Supervisorś handbook
Auteurs and authorship : a film reader
Leadership with young people
My time with Antonioni : the diary of an extraordinary experience
Clinical supervision and well-being at work : a four-year follow-up study on female hospital nurses
Aesthetics of Absence presents a significant challenge to the many embedded assumptions and hierarchical structures that have become 'naturalised' in western theatre production. This is the first English translation of a new collection of writings and lectures by Heiner Goebbels, the renowned German theatre director, composer and teacher. These writings map Goebbels' engagement with 'Aesthetics of Absence' through his own experience at the forefront of innovative music-theatre and performance making. In this volume, Goebbels reflects on works created over a period of more than 20 years staged throughout the world; introduces some of his key artistic influences, including Robert Wilson and Jean-Luc Godard; discusses the work of his students and ex-students, the collective Rimini Protokoll; and sets out the case for a radical rethinking of theatre and performance education. He gives us a rare insight into the rehearsal process of critically acclaimed works such as Eraritjaritjaka and Stifters Dinge, explaining in meticulous detail the way he weaves an eclectic range of references from fine art, theatre, literature, politics, anthropology, contemporary and classical music, jazz and folk, into his multi-textured music-theatre compositions. As an artist who is prepared to share his research and demystify the processes through which his own works come into being, as a teacher with a coherent pedagogical strategy for educating the next generation of theatre-makers, in this volume, Goebbels brings together practice, research and scholarship.
Cinematographer's role in film-making
Grassroots youth work : policy, passion and resistance in practice
Determination of surface free energy of polyelectrolyte thin films
Writing left-handed
The consulting process in action
WDR and the Arbeiterfilm : Fassbinder, Ziewer and others
Film directing fundamentals : from script to screen
Cinematography for directors : a guide for creative collaboration
We'll meet again : musical design in the films of Stanley Kubrick
Tutoring Finnish exchange students in Zambia : experiences of clinical tutors
Psychometrics in coaching : using psychological and psychometric tools for development
On the buses : the complete story
Cinematic diamonds : narrative storytelling strategies in short fiction film
Enabling independence : a guide for rehabilitation workers
International women stage directors
The aim of this thesis was to prepare polyelectrolyte thin films by spin coating and to determine the surface free energy of the films. The surface free energy was calculated by means of contact angle measurements. The studied polyelectrolytes have applications such as organic solar cells and organic light emitting diodes. Surface free energy is related to the integrity of the thin film laminate structures used in various applications. Thin films were prepared on a glass substrate whose surface was activated by plasma treatment followed by a spin coating procedure. Thin films were prepared of four different polyelectrolytes (PIMa, PIMb, PT1 and PT2), each in two different dissolutions: water and water-dioxane (50:50 v:v). The films were thermally annealed before the contact angle measurements. For contact angle measurement, four different probe liquids were used, namely glycerol, formamide, ethylene glycol, and diiodomethane. Surface free energy and its polar and dispersive components were calculated based on the contact angle measurements. Glass slides without any polymer film, treated with water and water-dioxane, were used as blanks. Thin film height profile was measured by atomic force microscopy after scratching the surface. The obtained results show that methods for surface free energy determination by contact angle measurement are not standardized and there are several details to consider for successful measurement.
Between director and actor : strategies for effective performance
Responding to adolescents : helping relationship skills for youth workers, mentors and other advisors
VET teachers and trainers in Finland
Heart of practice : within the Workcentre of Jerzy Grotowski and Thomas Richards
Co-active coaching
The director's idea : the path to great directing
Embracing the passion : Christian youthwork and politics
Learning together : peer tutoring in higher education
The rehearsal handbook for actors and directors : a practical guide
Figures of light : actors and directors illuminate the art of film acting
Professional development for youth workers
Sculpting in time : reflections on the cinema
Members' committee - representative of youth club community?
