http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7807 detente
detente
Détente and peace in Europe : [a publ. of the Inst. of Peace Research and Security Policy at the Univ. of Hamburg]
International Seminar for Diplomats, Salzburg, August 8th, 1980.
The real and the ideal : essays on international relations in honor of Richard H. Ullman
The strategic Defence Initiative : US policy and the Soviet Union
Dealing with the devil : East Germany, détente, and Ostpolitik, 1969-1973
Report from Iron Mountain : on the possibility and desirability of peace
Speech at the Socialist International Party Leaders' Conference in Vienna, February 5th, 1980.
The new detente : rethinking East-West relations
Arms control and cooperative security
Arms control and disarmament : a bibliography
Early détente Soviet anxieties : the case of Finland, 1969-71
Holodnaâ vojna i politika razrâdki: diskussionnye problemy = Cold war and the policy of détente: problems and discussions
Détente and confrontation : American-Soviet relations from Nixon to Reagan
Introductory address at the Pugwash Conference at Aulanko on 30th August, 1973.
Dialogue sustained : the multilevel peace process and the Dartmouth Conference
Political review
The emergence of détente in Europe : Brandt, Kennedy and the formation of Ostpolitik
My country and the world
The making of détente : Eastern and Western Europe in the Cold War, 1965-75
The Cambridge history of the Cold War. Vol. 2, Crises and détente
Origins of the European security system : the Helsinki process revisited, 1965-75
Peaceful coexistence : contemporary international law of peaceful coexistence
Soviet foreign policy and East-West relations
Sino-American detente and its policy implications
From détente in Europe to European détente : how the West shaped the Helsinki CSCE
Change and stability in foreign policy : the problems and possibilities of détente
The Cambridge history of the Cold War. Vol. 3, Endings
Overcoming the Cold War : a history of détente, 1950-1991
Tension and détente in bipolar Europe
U.S. - Soviet relations in the era of détente
Helsinki catch : European security accords 1975
Finland and the German states : Finland's German policy in the framework of European détente
Ten years after Helsinki : the making of the European security regime
European integration and the Cold War : Ostpolitik-Westpolitik, 1965-73
Winners and losers in East-West trade : a behavioral analysis of U.S.-Soviet détente (1970-1980)
The Ostpolitik and political change in Germany
Three essays on nuclear arms race
Documents on British policy overseas. Ser. 3, vol 3, [Detente in Europe 1972-1976]
Two of the most pressing questions facing international historians today are how and why the Cold War ended. Human Rights Activism and the End of the Cold War explores how, in the aftermath of the signing of the Helsinki Final Act in 1975, a transnational network of activists committed to human rights in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe made the topic a central element in East-West diplomacy. As a result, human rights eventually became an important element of Cold War diplomacy and a central component of détente. Sarah B. Snyder demonstrates how this network influenced both Western and Eastern governments to pursue policies that fostered the rise of organized dissent in Eastern Europe, freedom of movement for East Germans, and improved human rights practices in the Soviet Union - all factors in the end of the Cold War.
Speech of Chairman Kalevi Sorsa at the Congress of the Socialist International at Vancouver, 4.11.1978
Perestroika and international law : current Anglo-Soviet approaches to international law
The anti-Stalin campaign and international communism : a selection of documents
Resolution of the Congress of the Socialist International at Vancouver, November 3-5, 1978 : draft
Power and protest : global revolution and the rise of detente
Peace endangered : the reality of detente
Trust and mistrust in international relations
Opening address at the European Youth Security Conference, Helsinki, 26.8.1972
The Helsinki effect : international norms, human rights, and the demise of communism
Helsinki 1975 and the transformation of Europe
International détente and disarmament : a collection of articles by Finnish and Soviet scholars
The Soviet Union and disarmament : an appraisal of Soviet attitudes and intentions
Socialist International Party Leaders' Conference, Vienna, 5-6 February, 1980 : statement
Here, leading scholars examine the origins, causes and early years of the Cold War worldwide, from America, the USSR and Great Britain to Eastern Europe, the Balkans, and Asia. Chapters show how the conflict evolved from the ideological, economic, and socio-political environment of the two world wars and the interwar period.
Détente - a framework for action and analysis
The nuclear dilemma in American strategic thought
The strained alliance : U.S.-European relations from Nixon to Carter
Human rights activism and the end of the Cold War : a transnational history of the Helsinki network
Cold war to détente 1945-85
Disarmament and security in the European context
Detente in Europe : real or imaginary?
Reconstructing the Cold War : the early years, 1945-1958
At the Colloquium on the Role of Journalists in International Detente, Tampere 8 May 1975.
