http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7802 design management
design management
Education of a design entrepreneur
Industrial design and business performance : a case study of design management in a Finnish fashion firm
The significance of visual elements in music publishing
Resolving the design challenge for National Electronic Vehicle Sweden : a comparative study on how insiders and outsiders perceive the brand style of Saab
Change ahead : how research and design are transforming business strategy
Managing and Developing Company Identity: Case Evianet Solutions
Creating the perfect design brief : how to manage design for strategic advantage
Places of creation : design in industrial agglomerations
Designing and test marketing of handicraft products
Design, user experience, and usability: design discourse/ part 1
Service design in information technology startups : unpacking opportunities and challenges through three case studies
Service design for business : a practical guide to optimizing the customer experience
Design management methods in private label brand development : case Stockmann: Cristelle & Co
Media Lab Helsinki : 10 years
Design management in a startup : a multiple case study on managing the visual product identity in 13 startup companies
Corporate image : strategic process framework
Roadblocks in the way of the change : a case study with collaborative design workshops during a company's innovation culture building [sic]
Exploration to trends & product development : a framework to guide trend & consumer driven concept development
Design management : managing design strategy, process and implementation
Global design watch 2010
Defining a design brand : creating a communication strategy for Mirkka Metsola -fashion label
Identity 2.0
In "Design for Services", Anna Meroni and Daniela Sangiorgi articulate what Design is doing and can do for services, and how this connects to existing fields of knowledge and practice. Designers previously saw their task as the conceptualisation, development and production of tangible objects. In the twenty-first century, a designer rarely 'designs something' but rather 'designs for something': in the case of this publication, for change, better experiences and better services. The authors reflect on this recent transformation in the practice, role and skills of designers, by organising their book into three main sections. The first section links "Design for Services" to existing models and studies on services and service innovation. Section two presents multiple service design projects to illustrate and clarify the issues, practices and theories that characterise the discipline today; using these case studies the authors propose a conceptual framework that maps and describes the role of designers in the service economy. The final section projects the discipline into the emerging paradigms of a new economy to initiate a reflection on its future development.
Design management as a strategic instrument
The action based investigative thesis “The Significance of Visual Elements in Music Publishing” serves as a personal reflective analysis of a design student and an artist. The thesis is based on complete packaging designs for two CD-albums that the author has planned, designed and arranged for printing. The thesis will also try to describe and venture into the visual sides of promotion for the latest albums and how they were blueprinted and executed. The main objective for the thesis is to illustrate the complete processes of creating complex artwork for album packaging in a versatile manner. By reflecting on the methods used in design management and companies’ image control, the thesis also aims to investigate the significance and functions of visual elements in music publishing as a whole. This especially considers the genre of rock music, which the albums described in this thesis are categorized into. In conclusion, the whole thesis works as a platform for personal growth as an artist and a student in the visual field of study, while also working as an example to designers working with similar projects. The thesis also provides helpful information on how to achieve a fitting, attractive and promotionally intriguing visual identity in today’s music business to the interested about the ongoing pursuit of success in the music field.
Corporate identity in family business : case Isku Group
Design has never been this cool : [proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Engineering Design (ICED 09)]. vol. 3. Design organization and management
Redesigning Futurice : introducing service design into an agile software contractor
Managing the design factory : a product developer's toolkit
Production of design-based products : the power struggle between design management and marketing
Establishing a visual identity for ZOMG!MEDIA
Change by design : how design thinking transforms organizations and inspires innovation
The subject of this conceptual thesis is to develop a design language for Wärtsilä's new four stroke portfolio reflecting company values. The visual appearance of the new four stroke portfolio should be easily identified as Wärtsilä brands new products. This thesis is done for Wärtsilä's R&D department in Turku. Research methods in this thesis are observation and interview, which both are qualitative. Observation is used when studied the company values, present design language and technical design decisions in the products. Interview is used to get more depth when trying to understand the Wärtsilä's design process and product development. There are few main features that industrial design can have the most effect on. These main design features, and the idealism that Wärtsilä has about the easy maintain of its products, are a straight guideline in the design process. The values are the core of the Wärtsilä and so forth also the core of the final design. Company determines its values in these words: foster openness, respect and trust to create excitement. While guidelines to the shapes are produced from the values, the technical elements and usability in cover castings have been influenced by easy maintain and usability. These design decisions gives the engine minimalistic and sleek visual appearance. In the beginning of this thesis industrial design, Wärtsilä's history and basics of engine features are studied. After the background information the assignment and target are determined. The final concept is presented trough 3D-models and design decisions evaluation.
How to create a new category in the consumer mindset through product differentiation at the POS
On design leadership
Design service marketing : building national competitive advantage through effective use of design
Design as corporate strategy
FloweRing : creating value through strategic design and branding
Design revolution : corporate design strategy in the age of aesthetics
Managing the corporate image
Design for services
The new guide to identity : how to create and sustain change through managing identity
Design Management : managing design strategy, process and implementation
Design leadership : securing the strategic value of design
The term "smart city" defines the new urban environment, one that is designed for performance through information and communication technologies. Given that the majority of people across the world will live in urban environments within the next few decades, it's not surprising that massive effort and investment is being placed into efforts to develop strategies and plans for achieving "smart" urban growth. Building Smart Cities: Analytics, ICT, and Design Thinking explains the technology and a methodology known as design thinking for building smart cities. Information and communications technologies form the backbone of smart cities. A comprehensive and robust data analytics program enables the right choices to be made in building these cities. Design thinking helps to create smart cities that are both livable and able to evolve. This book examines all of these components in the context of smart city development and shows how to use them in an integrated manner.
Product design and corporate strategy : managing the connection for competitive advantage
Design science and design education
Schwäbisch Gmünd : Cumulus working papers
Product development and design practice
Design strategy for managing local identity in internationalizing local products
Design intensive born global companies in Finland : role of designers as entrepreneurs
Managing design getting lost writing touch : a study questioning naming in oikonomia, metaphysics and spacing sense
The purpose of this thesis was identify the concepts of company image and employer image, is there any differences between them and how to take them as part of company's strategy. In addition, one goal was to find out whether companies in Finland find employer image important and which actions, if any, they take in order to enhance their employer image. The research material is based on literature as well as a survey which purpose was to take hold in more of the importance of the employer image. In the theory part of this thesis the company and employer image concepts are first explained, following with more detailed description of how these two concepts should be taken in to company's strategy and what action should company take in order to maintain them as a part of the company's management processes. The study carried out in autumn 2009. The questionnaire were formulated for the management personnel of different companies in Finland and it studied this target group's views of the importance of the employer image and what activities they prefer for enhancing their employer image in the eyes of their current employees as well as the desired employees. The results of the survey were compared to theory part's findings of employer image. The main findings of the survey were that the majority of the companies in Finland find the employer image very important and that they want to put effort on it also in the future in order to attract more suitable employees to their organization which also improves their organization's performance and profitability. In addition, one of the main findings of this thesis was that company and employer image concepts do have some differences as their aim is different even though the processes are fairly similar. There cannot be a good company image if the  employer image is poor and vice versa.
Design language for new Wärtsilä four stroke engine portfolio
Co-creating an engaging brief for packaging development : case of a large confectionary company in Finland
The design agenda : a guide to successful design management
Designer Profile Model : a mentors tool for understanding the design persona of mature students
ABC-TRIZ : Introduction to creative design thinking with modern TRIZ modeling
Marketing Finnish design in Japan
Coffee House company image in the eyes of the customers
Strategic Design
The design manager's handbook
Perspectives on sustainability : eco-design principles for the Kone design team
Design management missionary
Company and employer image
Creating desired futures : how design thinking innovates business
The brand gap : how to bridge the distance between business strategy and design : a whiteboard overview
Design process improvement : a review of current practice
Start me up! : new branding for businesses
Innovation : leadership strategies for the competitive edge
Corporate design systems : identity through graphics. 2
Managing new products : using the MAP System to accelerate growth
Managing design for profits
Design thinking as a phenomenon : design thinking as a contemporary phenomenon and as an object of discussion
Marketing and design management
Fashion identity
User-centered design : an integrated approach
Design thinking for corporate sustainability : a case study on the contribution of design thinking in corporate social responsibility
Design management : using design to build brand value and corporate innovation
Cultural Differences between Finnish and Japanese Cultures - Enhancing Active Project’s Design Management
Synthesizing : a blue ocean
Strategies for aesthetic consistency and continuity
Designing business and management
Oleta pyöreä tuoli : Eero Aarnion 60-luku = Assume a round chair : Eero Aarnio and the 60's
Building smart cities : analytics, ICT, and design thinking
The wild wild west of being creative : how to manage creativity in an innovation process
Integrated design and engineering : as a business improvement process
Managing and developing corporate identity as a strategic tool for internationalised Finnish corporations
Little brand, big effect: In the age of startups and a new generation of entrepreneurs, corporate design is being redefined through distinctive visual creativity.
This textbook arms the reader with powerful techniques of Modern TRIZ self-training and real problem solving. It is designed as a simple and efficient, step-by-step crash course in primary TRIZ models based on the author's methods of extraction and reinvention, or retrieval of invention models from any real-life objects. Special content addresses the psychological support of the person during problem solving and promotion of the new idea to realization. The book introduces the so-called Theory of Developing the Creative Personality (TDCP), initiated but not completed by Genrikh Altshuller, father of TRIZ and TDCP. The textbook continues to develop a simple standard model presentation of the problem solving process with a four-step Meta-Algorithm of Invention (MAI) T-R-I-Z.
Summary.
Design management : papers from the London Business School
Product design and development
Uncorporate identity
Do good design : how designers can change the world
Design management : a handbook of issues and methods
Organizational and managerial practices in Finnish in-house design management
This is service design thinking : basics, tools, cases
Design coordination and corporate image
Utopia : can we achieve it?
The handbook of design management
Surface design in architecture : trend forecast and design collection development for Graphic Concrete
Managing the creative chaos : processes to the rescue at Parcero Marketing Partners Oy
Finnish design yearbook 08-09 : borderlands, responsibilities, resources, playgrounds
The challenge of complexity : 3rd international conference on design management, University of Art and Design Helsinki, UIAH
Design management methods in private label brand development: case Stockmann, Cristelle & Co
