http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7827 dairy farming
dairy farming
Implications of export subsidy removal for the Finnish and EU dairy sectors
Tuotostarkkailun tulokset : maitotilaneuvonta 1995 = Resultat från kokontrollen i Finland 1995 = Results of the milk recording in Finland 1995.
Development of market entry strategies to Indian dairy sector : Guidelines to enter India dairy market
The Toda of South India : a new look
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Exploitation of microorganisms
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 2, The microbiology of milk products
Molecular characterization of the oligopeptide transport system of Lactococcus lactis
The self-sufficient life and how to live it : the complete back-to-basics guide
Possibilities for improving the performance of the Nicaraguan dairy marketing system
Australian journal of dairy technology
New dairy products via new technology : proceedings of IDF seminar, Atlanta Ga USA, Georgia World Congress Centre, 8-9 October 1985.
Journal of food safety and food quality = Archiv für Lebensmittelhygiene
Quantitative determination of geometrical isomers of 9,12-octadecadienoic acid present in food fats
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 2
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
Rural dairy development in Meru : a socio-economic study of smallholder milk production, consumption and marketing
Milk quotas : their effects on agriculture in the European Community. Volume 1, Main report
Scandinavian dairy information
Journal of dairy science
Basic data on the structure and performance of the Nicaraguan dairy sector
Investigations into the microbial factors affecting the keeping quality of butter
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
Second finnish-hungarian-polish seminar on milk production and processing : Poland 24-28 April 1978.
Development Needs of the Dairy Farms in Kosovo
Environmental assessment of future dairy farming systems : quantifications of two scenarios from the FOOD 21 synthesis work
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 1, The microbiology of milk
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 4
Guide to good dairy farming practice
Finlands mejerier alfabetiskt ordnade = Finlands creameries alphabetically registered
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
Dairy dictionary = Dictionnaire laitier = Milchwirtschaftliches Wörterbuch
Tuotostarkkailun tulokset : maitotilaneuvonta 1996 = Resultat från kontrollen i Finland 1996 = Results of the milk recording in Finland 1996.
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 1
Valtion maitotalouskoelaitos 1930-1955 = The State Institute for Dairy Research 1930-1955
Payment systems for ex-farm milk
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Dairying : using science to meet consumers' needs
Dairy policy reform and trade liberalisation
International dairy journal
Competitiveness of the cheese industry
Rural dairy development project in Kenya - a case for sustainable dairy development
The effect of suckling regime on the quantity and quality of marketable milk and the performance of lambs
The hygienic and economical problems in milk collection and marketing in Western Kenya
The food industry in Senegal, with particular reference to the processing of grains, fisheries products and milk products
Associations of type of loose-housing and breed of cow with health, milk yield and fertility
Labour and technology in milk production : report of CIGR Working Group 17
Milk quotas : their effects on agriculture in the European Community. Volume 2, Annex
Agriculture, trade and the environment : the dairy sector
How to raise cattle : everything you need to know
Milk and dairy products: production and processing costs
Strategy for dairy development in the tropics and subtropics
A dictionary of dairying
Finnish journal of dairy science
Coordination of supply and demand in the dairy marketing system : with special emphasis on the potential role of farmer cooperatives as coordinating institutions
Dairy industries international
Cleaner production assessment in dairy processing
Professional milk extraction : proceedings of the International Symposium
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 3
Principles of dairy science
New dairy products via new technology : proce[e]dings of IDF seminar, Atlanta Ga USA, Georgia World Congress Centre, 8-9 October 1985.
Dairy handbook
Hoard's dairyman : the national dairy farm magazine
The National institute for research in dairying : a memoir
Summary.
World animal science. B 3, Meat science, milk science and technology
The implications of policy changes for the world dairy industry : proceedings of the Policy, Economics and Marketing Conference, IDF World Dairy Summit 2001, [Auckland], New Zealand
From bush burn to butter : a journey in words and pictures
Spatial changes in patterns of milk consumption in Finland in 1978-1993
Dairy herd health and management : a guide for veterinarians and dairy professionals
Mechanisation and automation in dairy technology
Milk for health and wealth
Milk, the vital force : proceedings of the 22nd International dairy congress, the Hague, September 29 - October 3, 1986.
Profitable dairy farming : four years of experience in Belarus, Russia and the Ukraine
Dairy goat journal
Standard methods for the examination of dairy products
The starters of the dairy : seminar held on September 4th 1987.
Summary and conclusions  (s. 11-25).
Feeding of dairy cows and the quality of milk production in Meru area, Kenya
The post-war development of the dairy-industry in Finland
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
Input substitution and technological development on Finnish dairy farms for 1965-1991 : empirical application on bookkeeping dairy farms
Secretome profiling of several different Propionibacterium strains for investigating physiological adaptation to different environments
Milk hygiene : hygiene in milk production, processing and distribution
Mahdollisuudet muuttaa jogurtinvalmistusta hapatevalinnan avulla = Possibilities for changing yoghurt manufacture by using culture selection
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Precision dairy farming 2016
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences
Farms of northern Finland
Lactose, its derivatives and their hydrolysis
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
The CAP reform : milk and milk products
Standard methods for the examination of dairy products : microbiological and chemical
Dairy vocabulary = Vocabulaire laitier = Milch-Vokabular
Dairy farmer
Statements about the english market for dairy-production and margarine during the 10-years-period 1896-1905 published by The finnish dairy association
Abstract (1 s.).
Effects of hydrogen peroxide on casein micelles during milk preservation
Dairy establishment feasibility study in Bahir Dar Town in north-west Ethiopia : pro-gradu thesis in agricultural economics
Manufacturing yogurt and fermented milks
Dairy processing handbook
Milk testing and payment systems : resource book : a practical guide to assist milk producer groups
