http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7821 labour movement
labour movement
A divided working class : etnic segmentation and industrial confliuct in Australia
YIVO annual of Jewish social science. Volume 16, Essays on the American Jewish Labor Movement
Theses presented to the Second World Congress of the Communist International (Petrograd - Moscow July 1920)
Abstract.
The third man : life at the heart of New Labour
States of emergency : cultures of revolt in Italy from 1968 to 1978
Report of Socialist Party Delegation and Proceedings of the International Socialist Congress at Copenhagen 1910
The revival of the Communist International and its significance for the United States : staff study by the subcommittee to investigate the administration of the Internal security act and other internal security laws to the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, eighty-sixth congress, first session
The British Labour movement 1770-1920
Workers, unions and politics : Indonesia in the 1920s and 1930s
State-making and labor movements : France and the United Staes, 1876-1914
"This book critically examines the responses of the working classes of the world to the challenges posed by the neoliberal restructuring of the global economy. Neoliberal globalisation, the book argues, has created new forms of polarisation in the world. A renewal of working class internationalism must address the situation of both the more privileged segments of the working class and the more impoverished ones. The study identifies new or renewed labour responses among formalised core workers as well as those on the periphery, including street-traders, homeworkers and other 'informal sector' workers. The book contains ten country studies, including India, China, South Korea, Japan, Germany, Sweden, Canada, South Africa, Argentina and Brazil. It argues that workers and trade unions, through intensive collaboration with other social forces across the world, can challenge the logic of neoliberal globalization" -Provided by publisher.
The General Council of the First International. 1864-1866, Minutes ; The London Conference 1865
Miners and steelworkers : labour in Cape Breton
Women and socialism : class, race, and capital
Essays on the new working class
Labour and new social movements in a globalising world system = Arbeit, Arbeiterbewegung und neue soziale Bewegungen im globalisierten Weltsystem
Workers & protest : the European labor movement, the working classes and the origins of social democracy 1890-1914
People's history and socialist theory
Interaktiv guide for Arbejdermuseet
The coming peace and social democracy
Portraits of the Japanese workplace : Labor movements, workers, and managers
Die eine Welt schaffen. Praktiken von "Internationaler Solidarität" und "Internationaler Entwicklung" = Create One World. Practices of "International solidarity" and "International development"
Labor in Finland
Why labour leaves the land : a comparative study of the movement of labour out of agriculture
A short history of the the British working class movement 1789-1927. Volume 2, 1848-1900
Report presented by the Social-Democratic Federation to the International Socialist Workers' Congress, held at Zürich, August 6th to 12th, 1893.
Labor problems and processes
The Haymarket tragedy
Army and people : the Soviet government and the corps of officers
Labor activists and the new working class in China : strike leaders' struggles
Arbeiter- und soziale Bewegungen in der öffentlichen Erinnerung. Eine globale Perspektive = The memory of labour and social movements. A global perspective
The factory movement 1830-1855
Address and provisional rules of the International Working Men's Association
The British labour movement 1770-1920 : a history
Death in the Haymarket : a story of Chicago, the first labor movement, and the bombing that divided gilded age America
Marx at the margins : On nationalism, ethnicity, and non-western societies
A history of the Finns in Ohio, Wester Pennsylvania and West Virginia : from Lake Erie's shores to the Mahoning and Monongahela valleys
Women in the Labour movement : the British experience
Comisco information service
Yearbook of the international socialist labour movement : volume two 1960-1961
Rethinking U.S. labor history : essays on the working-class experience, 1756-2009
Nordic archives and libraries of labour history
Conclusion (s. 203-209).
ITH : the ITH and its "Linz conferences" : die ITH und ihre "Linzer Konferenzen"
Workers unite! : the International 150 years later
Chartism : a new organization of the people
Unemployment and protest : new perspectives on two centuries of contention
Film, television and the Left in Britain 1950 to 1970
Democratic socialism and the cost of defence : the report and papers of the Labour Party defence study group
African proletarians and colonial capitalism : the origins, growth and struggles of the Zambian labour movement to 1964
Yearbook of the international socialist labour movement 1956-1957
A pocket history of the British working class
The Luddite rebellion
Foreign language literature on the Nordic labour movements = Fremdsprachige Literatur über die nordischen Arbeiterbewegungen
A holy alliance? : the church and the left in Costa Rica, 1932-1948
Servants of the people
The Third International to the workers of all countries : concerning the Polish question
Modernism, labour and selfhood in British literature and culture, 1890-1930
Direct legislation by the people : argument in favour of the motion of the Swiss Organisations to the International Socialist Workers congress 1893.
Finnish communism visited
American dreamers : how the left changed a nation
A house divided : Catholics, Socialists, and Flemish nationalists in nineteenth-century Belgium
The emergence of an American left: Civil War to World War I
Labour's formative years : 1848-1879
Vapaa-ajanviettoa Vanhankaupunginlahdella = Leisure-time at the Vanhankaupunginlahti bay / Harri Hautajärvi
The challenge of modernity : German social and cultural studies, 1890-1960
Troublemakers : power, representation, and the fiction of the mass worker
St. James ecyclopedia of labor history worldwide : major events in labor history and their impact. 1, A - M
The working class and the contemporary world : papers presented at the International scientific conference, Moscow, October 8-10, 1986
Labor Activists and the New Working Class in China is an ethnographic work examining an export jewelry industrial district in Pearl River Delta of China. While well known that China is undergoing an unprecedented capitalist transformation, few have noted the new working class of China are also actively striving to alter their fate through labor struggles. Parry Leung lived for twelve months in the migrant worker dwelling sites, and kept close contact with the strike activists. Leung illuminates how strikes emerge and transform in an authoritarian state, by enhancing our understanding on the informal agency power of strike organizers in labor activism.
The General Council of the First International. 1866-1868, Minutes
Why did the Finnish working class come to support prohibition?
A history of the Labour Party from 1914
History of labor in the United States, 1896-1932. 4, Labor movements
Socialism in England
False promises : the shaping of American working class consciousness
A short history of the british working-class movement 1789-1937
Manifesto of the communist party
The road ahead : America's creeping revolution
Hard work : remaking the American labor movement
National convention of the socialist party : held at Chicago, Illinois, May 10 to 17, 1908
Labor-management relations in Puerto Rico during the twentieth century
Unity and diversity in European labor : an introduction to contemporary labor movements
"The workers themselves" : revolutionary syndicalism and international labour, 1913-1923
Social democracy & industrial militancy : the Labor Party, the trade unions and incomes policy 1945-1974
Labor and socialism in America
Assignment in Utopia
Ravenswood : the steelworkers' victory and the revival of the American labor
Women in the Labour and Socialist International : report submitted to the third women's international conference of the L.S.I. and the third congress of the L.S.I. by the secretariat of the L.S.I
The Argentine labor movement, 1930-1945 : a study in the origins of Peronism
Canadian and Australian labour history : towards a comparative perspective
Italy : school for awakening countries : the Italian labor movement in its political, social, and economic setting from 1800 to 1960
Michael Foot : a life
The Second International 1889-1914 : the history and heritage
Creating a culture of revolution : workers and the revolutionary movement in late imperial Russia
From Chartism to labourism : historical sketches of English working class movement
Eleanor Marx : A life
History of the German labour movement : a survey
Leonid Ilyich Brezhnev, General Secretary of the CPSU central committee : a short biography
The General Council of the First International. 1868-1870, Minutes
Karl Marx : greatness and illusion
The first shop stewards' movement
Finnish beginnings : a memoir
A history of the Bolivian labour movement 1848-1971
The labor problem in the United States and Great Britain Rev. ed
American labor and the international labor movement 1940 to 1953.
The Samuel Gompers papers. Vol. 8, Progress and reaction in the age of reform, 1909-13
ACTA XXXII Annual Conference Tampere, 5.-8. September 2001 : the Finnish Labour Movement : IALHI projects : projects of IALHI members
Industrial labour and politics : the dynamics of the labour movement in Eastern Australia, 1900-1921
The world capitalist crisis and the tasks of the fourth international : perspectives resolution of the international committee of the fourth international, August 1988.
The Samuel Gompers papers. Vol. 7, The American Federation of Labor under siege, 1906-9
The International, 1864-1924 : solidarity of labour
The Labour monthly
The post-war history of the British working class
American trade unionism : principles and organization strategy and tactics ; selected writings
Flashlights of the Amsterdam International Socialist Congress, 1904
The woman in the picture
A short history of the British working class movement 1789 - 1925. Volume 1, 1789-1848
Marxism in the United States : a history of the American left
Socialist cities : municipal politics and the grass roots of American socialism
Labour and war : the theory of labour action to prevent war
St. James ecyclopedia of labor history worldwide : major events in labor history and their impact. 2, N - Z
Marx and Engels and the English workers and other essays
The Politics of immigrant workers : labor activism and migration in the world economy since 1830
An outline history of the Viet Nam Workers' Party : (1930-1975)
Labor will rule : Sidney Hillman and the rise of American labor
Labour and socialism : a history of the British Labour Movement 1876-1974
The essential Rosa Luxemburg : Reform or revolution and The mass strike
If I were a Labour leader
Labour in Ireland : Labour in Irish history : The reconquest of Ireland
National congress of the socialist party : held in masonic temple Chicago, Ill., May 15 to 21, 1910
Socialist International information
Politics for a rational left : political writings 1977-1988
A history of the Los Angeles labor movement, 1911-1941
Socialism made easy in two sections : sektion I : workshop talks; sektion II : political action of labor
The lost writings
Jewish labour news
"In Workers, Unions and Politics : Indonesia in the 1920s and 1930s, John Ingleson revises received understandings of the decade and a half between the failed communist uprisings of 1926/1927 and the Japanese occupation in 1942. They were important years for the labour movement. It had to recover from the crackdown by the colonial state and then cope with the impact of the 1930s depression. Labour unions were voices for greater social justice, for stronger legal protection and for improved opportunities for workers. They created a discourse of social rights and wage justice. They were major contributors to the growth of a stronger civil society. The experiences and remembered histories of these years helped shape the agendas of post-independence labour unions"--
The international working-class movement : problems of history and theory
Focusing on the textile workers' strikes of 1882 and 1912, Ardis Cameron examines class and gender formation as drawn from the experiences of working-class women in the textile manufacturing town of Lawrence, Massachusetts. She explores the role of women in worker militancy from the perspective of the neighborhood and argues for the importance of female networks and associational life in working-class culture and politics. Radicals of the Worst Sort is a study of domination and power, constructed not only at the level of economics and politics but also at the level of social perception and conceptualization. It thus provides the basis for a new set of generalizations about the lives of nineteenth-century factory women in their jobs and communities. This exciting history illuminates ongoing debates about the dynamic role of gender and challenges shifting perceptions and definitions of what a "woman" should be. Cameron shows that unionized women who fought for equality were "radicals of the worst sort" (as one mill officer tagged them) because they rebelled against traditional economic and sexual hierarchies, providing alternative models for turn-of-the-century women. Radicals of the Worst Sort includes oral histories of former strikers in the famous Bread and Roses strike of 1912. Four full-color maps show Cameron's meticulous documentation of the nationalities of every Lawrence family living in the multicultural neighborhoods featured in her book.
The General Council of the First International. 1871-1872, Minutes
History of the Chartist movement 1837-1854
Theories of trade unionism : a sociology of industrial relations
Primitive rebels : studies in archaic forms of social movement in the 19th and 20th centuries
Labour's grass roots : the politics of party membership
The Civil War in France : with an introduction by Friederich Engels
The General Council of the First International. 1870-1871, Minutes
"If the workers took a notion" : the right to strike and American political development
The American labor movement
A delicate shade of pink : the lives of Hella Wuolijoki and Salme Dutt in the service of revolution
Socialist Labor Party and the Third International : socio-political science vs. revolutionary romanticism
An organizer's tale : speeches
Preamble, rules and resolutions agreed to at the Vienna Conference establishing the International Working Union of Socialist Parties, together with the report of the I.L.P. delegation and recommendations of the N.A.C
Radicals of the worst sort : laboring women in Lawrence, Massachusetts, 1860-1912
James Connolly: selected writings
The labor force in economic development : a comparison of international census data 1946-1966
The decade of upheaval : Irish trade unions in the nineteen sixties
Karl Marx : the publicist
The History of the Nelson Weavers Association
Social democracy and the working class in the nineteenth and twentieth century Germany
The Swedish labour movement
Working-class women and grass-roots politics
Labour and the challenges of globalization : what prospects for transnational solidarity
Interventionen : Soziale und kulturelle Entwicklungen durch Arbeiterbewegung = Interventions : the Impact of Labour Movements on Social and Cultural Development
From Peter the Great to Lenin : a history of the Russian labour movement with special reference to trade unionism
International Labor and Working-class History
The rise of spontaneity and organization in the labour movement
Chartism
The communist solar system : the Communist International
The British labour movement to 1970 : a bibliography
Labor and the left : a study of socialist and radical influences in the American labor movement, 1881-1924
The life and times of James Connolly
The labour movement in Europe
The lean years : a history of the American worker 1920-1933
Whose Detroit? : politics, labor, and race in a modern American city
A short history of the Labour Party
Labour and transnational action in times of crisis
American labor history and comparative labor movements : a selected bibliography
Memorandum on the application of the British Socialist Party for separate affiliation to the International Bureau
Ufil' umuntu, ufil' usadikiza! : trade unions and struggles for democracy and freedom in South Africa, 1973-2003
The working class in modern Europe
Another production is possible : beyond the capitalist canon
The history of the German labour movement : a survey
Class acts : an anthropology of service workers and their union
National labor movements in the postwar world
National convention of the socialist party : held at Chicago, Ill., May 1 to 6, 1904
American labor
Studies on the history of the Hungarian Working-Class Movement, 1867-1966
On the international working-class and communist movement
100 years of labor in the USA
The Russian Revolution of 1905 : the workers' movement and the formation of Bolshevism and Menshevism
The way to paradise
Roots of rebellion : worker's politics and organizations in St. Petersburg and Moscow, 1900-1914
Cross-national comparisons of social movement unionism : diversities of labour movement revitalization in Japan, Korea and the United States
Industrialization and the working class : the English experience, 1750-1900
