http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7829 discourse analysis
discourse analysis
The language of sport : observations on the spoken language of football commentary
Changing voices in early years curricula : an example from Finnish pre-school education
Abstract.
Presupposition and anaphora
Historical awareness and social criticism in Sylvia Plath's poetry : a case study of three poems
Handbook of discourse analysis. Vol. 3, Discourse and dialogue
Corpora and discourse
The power of discourse : an introduction to discourse analysis
My theory
Occupy : the spatial dynamics of discourse in global protest movements
Subject terms by author: cooperative team meeting, eye contact, narrative approach, storytelling, psychiatric care, unspoken story
Rethinking media pluralism : a critique of theories and policy discourses
An introduction to discourse analysis : theory and method
Of interest in their own terms as a significant cultural practice, reading groups also provide a window on the everyday interpretation of literary texts. While reading is often considered a solitary process, reading groups constitute a form of social reading, where interpretations are produced and displayed in discourse. The Discourse of Reading Groups is a study of such joint conceptual activity, and how this is necessarily embedded in interpersonal activity and the production of reader identities. Uniquely in this context it draws on, and seeks to integrate, ideas from both cognitive and social linguistics. The book will be of interest to scholars in literacy studies as well as cultural and literary studies, the history of reading, applied linguistics and sociolinguistics, digital technologies and educational research.
New directions in mediation : communication research and perspectives
Metatext and the company's future outlook : the use of hedging and emphatics in the letter to shareholders sections of annual reports
Multimodality, cognition, and experimental literature
Good English teaching in students' talk : a discourse-analytic study
Academic voices : across languages and disciplines
Handbook of discourse analysis. Vol. 1, Disciplines of discourse
Widerstandskonstruktionen : diskursanalytische Studien zu Österreich im 19. Jahrhundert = Imagining resistance : discourse and power in 19th-century Austria
Discourse and crisis : critical perspectives
Public discourses of gay men
Medical discourse in professional, academic and popular settings
New directions in discourse processing
Text, Interpretation, Argumentation
Finnish summary.
Speech accommodation in co-operative and competitive conversations
Rebuilding defenses : exploration in Norman Fairclough's theory of critical discourse analysis
English teachers as constructed in the language learning autobiographies written by university students : a discursive study
Reflections on language teacher identity research
Language and globalization
Discourse and literature : the interplay of form and mind
State, economy and society
Gerontology and the construction of old age : a study in discourse analysis
Hate speech against the roma in Romania : discourse analysis on three Romanian newspapers' Internet forums
The silent majority : patterns in turn taking, topic control, and rewards and sanctions in the setting of formal meeting
Research methods for studying groups and teams : a guide to approaches, tools, and technologies
Localization, frequency, and functions of filled pauses : five American politicians' use of er and erm in the talk show Larry King Live
Words and phrases : corpus studies of lexical semantics
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
Asking for the hand of the girl : marriage arrangement discourse in Turkish culture
Discursive constructions of climate change engagement in business organisations
The language of economics : the analysis of economics discourse
A modern Pearl Harbor : a critical metaphorical analysis of news reporting the war in Afganistan
Economics as discourse : an analysis of the language of economists
Discourse analytic research : repertoires and readings of texts in action
Gender on corporate boards : a discourse analysis of a debate of gender quotas on an internet discussion site
Towards multiculturalism in Turkish public service broadcasting : the dilemma of Kurdish language and cultural diversity
Teacher practice, pedagogical discourses and the construction of knowledge : two case studies of teachers at work
Individual crimes or a sociological phenomenon : a critical discourse analysis of the 2014 Royal Canadian Mounted Police national operational overview on missing and murdered indigenous women in Canada
Genre- and register-related discourse features in contrast
Focus, coherence and emphasis
Advances in discourse studies
The discursive construction of leader identity: Tim Cook in a broadcast interview
Fuzzy coherence : making sense of continuity in hypertext narratives
Researching social life
Comparative analysis of British and American chairman's statements in company annual reports
The predictability of informal conversation
Down to earth economy : the discursive contribution of sustainable consumption and production debate
Identity construction in ELF contexts: a case study of Finnish engineering students working in Germany
Discourse semantics
Stay abroad and foreign language users' identity construction
The language of schooling : a functional linguistics perspective
Discourse and institutional authority : medicine, education, and law
Multilingualism, discourse, and ethnography
Subjectivity in a second language : conveying the expression of self
Transitivity and discourse information types
Methods of approaching the study of discourse have developed rapidly in the last ten years, influenced by a growing interdisciplinary spirit among linguistics and anthropology, sociology, cognitive and cultural psychology and cultural studies, as well as among established sub-fields within linguistics itself. Among the more recent developments are an increasing 'critical' turn in discourse analysis, a growing interest in historical, ethnographic and corpus-based approaches to discourse, more concern with the social contexts in which discourse occurs, the social actions that it is used to take and the identities that are constructed through it, as well as a revaluation of what counts as 'discourse' to include multi-modal texts and interaction. Advances in Discourse Studies brings together contributions from leading scholars in the field, investigating the historical and theoretical relationships between new advances in discourse studies and pointing towards new directions for the future of the discipline. Featuring discussion questions, classroom projects and recommended readings at the end of each section, as well as case studies illustrating each approach discussed, this is an invaluable resource for students of interdisciplinary discourse analysis.
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Media representations of the Egyptian military overturn : a multimodal analysis of online news articles of the New York Times and the Hindustan Times
Professional communicative repertoires and trajectories of socialization into global working life
Evaluation in text : authorial stance and the construction of discourse
Since the turn of the millennium, there has seen an increase in the inclusion of typography, graphics and illustration in fiction. This book engages with visual and multimodal devices in twenty-first century literature, exploring canonical authors like Mark Z. Danielewski and Jonathan Safran Foer alongside experimental fringe writers such as Steve Tomasula, to uncover an embodied textual aesthetics in the information age. Bringing together multimodality and cognition in an innovative study of how readers engage with challenging literature, this book makes a significant contribution to the debates surrounding multimodal design and multimodal reading. Drawing on cognitive linguistics, cognitive psychology, neuroscience, semiotics, visual perception, visual communication, and multimodal analysis, Gibbons provides a sophisticated set of critical tools for analysing the cognitive impact of multimodal literature.
Land of light and darkness : a comparative study of Finland in travel literature
The psychomechanics of language and guillaumism
Getting acquainted in conversation : a study of initial interactions
This volume focuses on advances in research methodology in an interdisciplinary field framed by discourses of identity and interculturality. It includes a range of qualitative studies: studies of interaction, narrative studies, conversation analysis, ethnographic studies, postcolonial studies and critical discourse studies, and emphasizes the role of discourse and power in all studies of identity and interculturality. The volume particularly focuses on critical reflexivity in every stage of research, including reflections on theoretical concepts (such as 'identity' and 'interculturality') and their relationship with methodology and analytical practice, reflections on researcher identity and subjectivity, reflections on local and global contexts of research, and reflections on language choice and linguacultural aspects of data generation, analysis and communication.
Identity work and direct quotations in the press releases and on the websites of a Danish TV documentary on transnational adoption
More than words? : an analysis on the language and structure of General Election manifestos of the British Labour Party 1983 - 2005
Discourse and Crisis: Critical perspectives brings together an exciting collection of studies into crisis as text and context, as unfolding process and unresolved problem. Crisis is viewed as a complex phenomenon that - in its prevalence, disruptiveness and (appearance of) inevitability - is both socially produced and discursively constituted. The book offers multiple critical perspectives: in-depth linguistically informed analyses of the discourses of power and collaboration implicated in crisis construal and recovery; detailed examination of the critical role that language plays during the crisis life-cycle; and further problematization of the semiotic-material complexity of crisis and its usefulness as an analytical concept. The research focus is on the discursive and interactive mediation of crisis in organizational, political and media texts. The volume contains contributions from across the world, offering a polyphonic overview of 'discourse and crisis' research. This impressive volume will be useful to researchers and academics working on the intersection of crisis, language and communication. It is also of interest to practitioners in organizational management, politics and policy, and media.
Nexus analysis : discourse and the emerging internet
Roots in China - childhood in America : the search of ethnic identity in between two cultures : the study of the mother-daughter dialogue in the film "The joy luck club"
Argumentation : analysis and practices
Discourse analysis : recurrent intonation patterns in the Kennedy, Nixon debates
Future perspectives of dialogue analysis
EFL teachers talking about their use of computers at work : a discourse-analytic study
Boosting future prospects or softening promises of success? : the use of emphatics and hedging in the letter to shareholders sections of annual reports
Post-merger organizational identification as a discursive phenomenon
Discourse and communication : new approaches to the analysis of mass media discourse and communication
Dialoganalyse 4 : Referate der 4. Arbeitstagung Basel 1992 = Dialogue analysis 4 : proceedings of the 4th conference Basel 1992. Teil 1
Transparent editing : a framework for overt communication between editors and readers
English focus constructions and the theory of grammar
Narrative : a critical linguistic introduction
Research into professional discourse : preliminary considerations and early decision needs
"And now to the rest of the trash..." : representations of begging Roma and an ideal society in two Nordic newspapers
Large-scale protest movements have recently transformed urban common spaces into sites of resistance. The Arab Spring, the European Summer, the American Fall in 2011, the revolts in India and South Africa and, more recently, in Istanbul, in several cities in Brazil, and in Hong Kong, are part of a common wave of protests which reclaims squares and urban places, monumentally designed as political and economic centres, as places for discussion and decision-making, for increasing participation and intervention in the governance of the community. Through banners and signs, open assemblies, and other communicative practices in the encampments and interconnecting physical and virtual spaces, participants permanently reconfigure their lived spaces discursively. The attempt to account for on-going social phenomena from the moment they first happen, and with an international perspective, undoubtedly represents a theoretical and methodological challenge. This book is a successful and innovative attempt to address this challenge, capturing the complex interplay between social, spatial, and communicative practices, drawing on complementary and alternative methods. Originally published in Journal of Language and Politics issue 13:4 (2014)
Topic-invoked participation frameworks in "talk"-discussion programs
Minimal responses in conversation
The volume examines the role of narratives in old and new media. Its ten contributions firstly center on the various forms and functions narratives assume in computer-mediated environments, e.g. websites, weblogs, message boards, etc. In this light, past and present approaches to the description of narratives are presented and reevaluated based on their ability to capture the conceptual and methodological exigencies of new media. Secondly, the volume sheds new light upon the multimodal composition of new media narratives which typically feature multiple co-occurring semiotic modes such as speech, sound, text, static or moving images. In this vein, each paper explores a wide array of authentic examples from text genres as diverse as political speeches, real-time narratives and contemporary feature films. Its wide scope should not only appeal to linguists interested in the discursive and pragmatic dimension of narratives but also to scholars and students in other scientific disciplines.
Construction of the client in psychotherapy student s practical learning sessions: A discourse analytic study
The discourse of reading groups : integrating cognitive and sociocultural perspectives
Multimodality in practice : investigating theory-in-practice-through-methodology
Holistic discourse analysis
Discourses of deficit
Language and power
Insights beyond neo-liberal educational practices : the value of discourse analysis
Systemic perspectives on discourse. Vol. 2, Selected applied papers from the 9th International Systemic Workshop
Age in action : membership work and stage of life categories in talk
Pragmatics of modality in British online newspaper discourse
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Coherence in spoken and written discource : how to create it and how to describe it : selected papers from the international workshop of coherence, Augsburg, 24-27 April 1997
Images of Transylvania in the West : a deconstructive analysis
Discourse markers
Transmedial narratology and contemporary media culture
Discourse analysis of broadcast conversations
Gender-specific features of male/female interaction in a popular romantic novel by Barbara Cartland
Indicators of information uptake : a cross-sultural conversation analysis
The semiotic challenge
Mediated discourses of transnational participation : a study of some discursive aspects of transnational networking
Studies in discourse analysis
Social linguistics and literacies : ideology in discourses
Let teacher talk do the pedagogical knowing : constructing teacher knowledge from school practices
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
Political discourse in transition in Europe, 1989-1991
When-clauses and the temporal interpretation of narrative discourse
Finnish abstract.
Specialized discourse : linguistic features and changing conventions
Abduction, belief and context in dialogue : studies in computational pragmatics
Mexican prose narratives in the Finnish language classroom : constructing a third space through reading
Storytelling in organizations : facts fiction and fantasies
Democracy, violence and emancipatory movements : notes for a theory of inversionary discourse
Discourse analysis of Biblical literature : what it is and what it offers
Contribution of relexicalisation to coherencee in L2 multi-party conversations
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
Thoughts from a divided nation: some English Canadian views on the question of bilingualism in Canada and its effect on identity formation
Mediating discourse in a globalising world : analysing the language and communicative practices of transnational adoption
Perspectives on discourse analysis : theory and practice
Centering theory in discourse
Issues in the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership : A critical discourse analysis
Conversational features in a corpus of English conversation
Text and discourse constitution : empirical aspects, theoretical approaches
Concern over the future of the nation : a discourse analytical study on changes in Russian demographic policy in the years 2000-2010
Narrative, interrupted : the plotless, the disturbing and the trivial in literature
Intercultural communication in foreign language acquisition. A contrastive analysis of Finnish and American students' conversations
The new genetics discourse in Finland : exploring experts' views within surveillance medecine
Linguistic devices in the discourse on embryonic stem cell research
The year 1989 brought political upheavals in Central, Eastern and Southern Europe, the effects of which have not yet ended. The political discourse of the Cold War period disintegrated and gave way to competing alternatives. The contributors to this volume - linguists discourse analysts and social scientists - shed light on the two years of transition (1989-1991) during which political concepts and political interaction changed in dramatic and sometimes violent ways.
An introduction to social constructionism
Critical discourse analysis of doctor-patient interaction
From discourse process to grammatical construction : on left-dislocation in English
Voices in the media : discourse representation in articles about the case of Elián González in Time and Newsweek
It has become something of a cliché within the field of narratology to assert the commercial, aesthetic, and sociocultural relevance of narrative representations, but the fact remains that narratives are everywhere. Whenever we read a novel or a comic, watch a film or an episode of our favorite television series, or play the latest video game, we are likely to engage with narrative media. Similarly, the intermedial adaptations and transmedial entertainment franchises that have become increasingly visible during the past few decades are, at their core, narrative forms. Since a significant part of contemporary media culture is defined by the narratives we tell each other via various media, the media studies discipline needs a genuinely transmedial narratology. Transmedial Narratology and Contemporary Media Culture focuses on the intersubjective construction of storyworlds as well as on prototypical forms of narratorial and subjective representation. It provides not only a method for the analysis of salient transmedial strategies of narrative representation in contemporary films, comics, and video games but also a theoretical frame within which medium-specific approaches from literary and film narratology, from comics studies and game studies, and from various other strands of media and cultural studies may be employed to further our understanding of narratives across media.
Articulation of femininity in black metal lyrics : a case study on the lyrics of Cradle of Filth
Introducing discourse analysis
Ways of reading : advanced reading skills for students of English literature
In the wake of the bombings : syntax and ideology in newspaper articles on the 7 July 2005 London bombings
Metaphors and the dynamics of knowledge
Worlds of written discourse : [a genre-based view]
Co-membership and co-operation : Interpersonal discourse strategies within communities of practice
This study deals with competence-based curriculum development in higher education, in universities of applied sciences. Competence-based curricula have been launched with the Bologna process into European higher education over the last two decades, introducing student-centered curricula instead of earlier subject- centered curricula.  The present curriculum development started with the idea of collaboration to strengthen the teachers' agency. The administrative view was to implement the competence-based curriculum and new assessment criteria and to ensure their implementations. My idea as a responsive planner and head of the project was to offer a forum for interaction.  The theoretical frame of this study was constructed on the basis of curriculum theory and the change of paradigm within it. The aim of the study was to find out how teachers talk about curriculum and curriculum development. Much effort was given to the interpretation of their words and utterances. The research questions specified the aim of explaining what meanings were constructed and how they were understood as part of the interaction process.  The research questions were:  1. What meanings do teachers in an applied sciences university give to competence-based curriculum during the development process?  2. How are the meanings constructed in the development process of competence-based curriculum?  The research method was discourse analysis. The context of the study was the department of engineering in Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The participants were 15 teachers working as program leaders. The material consisted of six group discussions proceeding as a pedagogical process in 2009 - 2011. All meetings were recorded and transcribed.  Outcomes of the study consist of interpretation repertoires. Repertoires can be defined as situationally constructed varying ways to talk about curriculum development and curriculum.  Six interpretative repertoires for curriculum development practises were formed from the material. They were “coercion, duty, benefit, threat for the autonomy, initiative for reflection and toughening pedagogic leadership” –repertoires. They are linked to the themes of teachers' pedagogical practises and identity construction. The most dominant repertoire was coercion repertoire.  Seven interpretative repertoires were formed about the curriculum itself. They are repertoires of “formal learning, substance-centeredness, personal learning, knowledge-based, course-centeredness, student as an object and inconsistent relationship with the working life”. Based on the results, future directions and targets of the applied sciences curriculum work are reflected in the article.
In this wide-ranging collection, leading scholars, researchers, and emergent researchers from around the world come together and present examples of multimodal discourse analysis in practice. The book illustrates new theoretical, methodological and empirical research into new technologies such as the internet, software, CD-ROM, video, and older technologies such as film, newspapers, brands or billboards. Each chapter demonstrates how aspects of multimodal theory and method can be used to conduct research into these and other multimodal texts. Taken together, the book advances the field of multimodal discourse analysis and offers a range of current studies that address some of the most important questions facing researchers and students when investigating new or old technologies multimodally in linguistics, education, communication studies, sociology, anthropology and other fields.
Branding UNESCO : constructing organization image through audiovisual reprentations
Cultural discourses in CEF : how do they relate to EFL?
Immigration and ethnic diversity in Finnish and Dutch magazines : articulations of subject positions and symbolic communities
An introduction to text and discourse analysis
Common language functions and discourse organizers in lower secondary school English textbook dialogues
Unfilled pauses and hesitations in impromptu speech and simultaneous interpretation
The grammar of discourse
Children ́s discourse on development in online and offline fields : a study of positions and symbolic power
In quest of coherence : approaches to discourse comprehension
Part I The Still Waters of Narrative: The Boring and the PlotlessConversational and Authorial Disclosure in the Dialogue Novel: The Case of The Friends of Eddie Coyle. Resistance to Plot and Uneven Narrativity: A Journey from “A Boring Story” to The Rings of Saturn. What Happens When Nothing Happens: Interpreting Narrative Technique in the Plotless Novels of Nicholson Baker. Events Can Be Quoted (and Words Need Not Be). Pynchon's Poetics of Boredom: Cognitive and Textual Aspects of Novelistic Dreariness. Part II A Web of Sense: Interpreting the Disturbing and the Difficult Toward a Zoonarratology: Storytelling and Species Difference in Animal Comics. Watching a Tree Grow: Terrence Malick's The New World and the Nature of Cinema. Navigating—Making Sense—Interpreting (The Reader behind La Jalousie). History Impossible: Narrating and Motivating the Past. Unnatural Temporalities: Interfaces between Postmodernism, Science Fiction, and the Fantastic. The Imperfect Is Our Paradise: Intertextuality and Fragmentary Narration in Margaret Atwood's Alias Grace. Fragile Narrative Situations: Conrad Compared to Sebald. Part III Shadow of a Tail: Problems of AuthorshipName Change and Author Avatars in Varlam Shalamov and Primo Levi. Stranger than Fiction, or, Jerome David Salinger, Author of Lolita: Real, Implied and Fictive Authorship. Translators, Scoundrels and Gentlemen of Honor: Problems of Nabokov's Loyalty. Affordances of Form in Stanzaic Narrative Poetry. A Shadow on the Marble.
Quality on the move : discursive construction of higher education policy from the perspective of quality
Geographies of Kenyan working class conditions : development discourses studied in the light of authentic observations of self-employment with its consequences made by Kenyan working class individuals
Notions of nation : a critical discursive psychology perspective on the Isle of Man
Our black skin is the problem. Our skin is the target. We could be doing nothing, yet they will say we do everything : distancing and solidarity via metaphors and metonymy in a critical discourse analysis of #blacklivesmatter Twitter discourse
A Framework for discourse analysis
Discourse and learning : papers in applied linguistics and language learning from the "Centre de Recherches et d'Applications Pédagogiques en Langues" (C.R.A.P.E.L.)
Discourse analysis : an introduction
Humorous texts : a semantic and pragmatic analysis
Shared-rhythm cooperation in cooperative team meetings in acute psychiatric inpatient care
What constitutes the pre-school curricula? : discourses of core curricula for pre-school education in Finland in 1972-2000
The effect of interrogative function on intonation in spontaneous and read Finnish
Emergent bilingual constructions : Finnish-Estonian codeswitching in interaction
Question in teacher talk
Women's conversational culture: repturing patriarchal discourse
Spoken corpus linguistics : from monomodal to multimodal
Users of new technology : a discourse analysis of a new technology user
Lexical priming : a new theory of words and language
Observations on contractual speech acts
Film discourse interpretation : towards a new paradigm for multimodal film analysis
Discourse analysis in second language research
Discursive psychology in practice
Critical perspectives on contemporary forms of government? : a discussion of political rationality and discourse analysis
Structure and function: a guide to three major structural-functional theories. Part 2, From caluse to discourse and beyond
Anaphoric nouns
Handbook of discourse analysis. Vol. 2, Dimensions of discourse
Summary.
Text and texture : patterns of cohesion
Discourse and dialogue = Diskurs und Dialog
Disability studies has engaged with discourse analysis in key works both from the UK and the USA. While the perspectives and analyses of discourse analysis have proved well suited for exploring disability, however, its methods have not been sufficiently developed in a disability studies context. Conversely, discourse analysts have traditionally been concerned with social issues and fields in which asymmetric power relations, marginalization, and discrimination play a central role, e.g. gender, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation, all of which share many analytical features with disability. But although efforts have been made to integrate disability into the discourse analysis and conversation analysis canon, the link between the two fields needs to be strengthened.This ground-breaking volume contributes to this link by thoroughly applying the analytical vocabulary of discourse analysis to issues that are central to the field of disability studies. It strengthens disability studies by supplying case studies of representations and constructions of disability and disabled people in discourse, theorizes the role played by language in the social construction of disability, and makes disability a more salient topic for discourse analysts.
Ethical team leadership : as construed by Finnish managers
Collaborative Curriculum Development and Meanings Given to it by Teachers
Official tourism websites : a discourse analysis perspective
Finnish premedical students' recognition and understanding of conjuntive cohesion in English
The study of discourse in organizations
Metaphors in the Palestinian and Israeli discourses on Palestinian statehood at the UN
Guiding the reader into the world of literature : interpersonal strategies in literature analysis textbooks
Geographies of Kenyan working class conditions : development discourses examined in the light of authentic observations of self-employment with its consequences made by Kenyan working class individuals
Strategy as discursive construction in the Finnish Defence Forces
Signalling in discourse
Narrative revisited : telling a story in the age of new media
How to do discourse analysis : a toolkit
Modeling discourse topic : sequential relations and strategies in expository text
Researching identity and interculturality
The handbook of narrative analysis
Disability and discourse analysis
Genre theory in the past few years has contributed immensely to our understanding of the way discourse is used in academic, professional and institutional contexts. However, its development has been constrained by the nature and design of its applications, which have invariably focused on language teaching and learning, or communication training and consultation. This has led to the use of simplified and idealised genres. In contrast to this, the real world of discourse is complex, dynamic and unpredictable. This tension between the real world of written discourse and its representation in app.
Spoiled youth or occupational forerunners? : American and Finnish discourses on generation Y at work
"This book contributes to the analysis of film from a multimodal and textual perspective by extending formal semantics into the realm of multimodal discourse analysis. It accounts for both the inferential as well as intersemiotic meaning making processes in filmic discourse and therefore addresses one of the main questions that have been asked within film theory and multimodal analysis: How do we understand film and multimodal texts? The book offers an analytical answer to this question by providing a systematic tool for the description of this comprehension process. It aims to advance knowledge of the various resources in filmic texts, the ways the resources work together in constructing meaning and the ways people understand this meaning construction. This new approach to film interpretation is thus able to remodel and improve the classical paradigm of film text analysis. "--
The use of Finnish nyt as a discourse particle
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
The corporate image of Rautaruukki : a reception study and textual analysis of Rautaruukki's brochures, advertisements and Internet pages
Cooperating with written texts : the pragmatics and comprehension of written texts
The handbook of conversation analysis
Ain't no black in the Union Jack : discursive repertoires constructing a positive identity of The British National Front
The representation of women and men in Collins Cobuild English Language Dictionary
Storytelling of Cooperative Team Meetings in Acute Psychiatric Care
