http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7826 dairy industry
dairy industry
Modern dairy technology. Vol. 1, Advances in milk processing
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 1
Possibilities to increase assortment of products made from whey protein
Dairy technology : principles of milk properties and processes
Environmental improvements of the post-farm dairy chain : production management by systems analysis methods
Towards a competitive private label strategy : a comparative analysis of the Swedish and UK dairy markets
The high pressure dairy homogenizer
Spatially defined company and industry structures : a typological study of international industries
Dairy-based ingredients
Handbook of milkfat fractionation technology and applications
Food science and product technology
Milk and dairy product technology
The dairy co-operatives in the Nordic countries : report to the National Dairy Development Board of India
The Valio story : from butter exports to international business
Advanced dairy science and technology
The dairy industry : an international comparison
India's white revolution : Operation Flood, food aid and development
Developing a brand positioning model for international strategic marketing
Journal of dairy science
Molecular genetic characterization of some key peptidases from Lactobacillus strains used in the dairy industry
Food fermentation
Immunological and biochemical tools for analysis of dairy starters, processes and products
Evaporation membrane filtration and spray drying in milk powder and cheese production
Ice cream and related products
Life cycle assessment (LCA) of industrial milk production
Lactose, its derivatives and their hydrolysis
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 2
Fundamentals of dairy chemistry
Milk quality
Från fil till glass = Viilistä jäätelöön = From curdled milk to ice cream : Ingman Group 1929-2009
Dairy handbook
Whey pretreatments before ultrafiltration
Some recent achievements in biotechnology and dairy fermentation techniques of lactic acid bacteria
Fractionation methods of whey proteins - chromatographic techniques
Market imperfections in the Estonian transitional dairy market
Regional changes in the Finnish dairy industry 1910-1967
Consumer-led new product development : case: dairy industry
New techniques of whey processing
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 1, The microbiology of milk
Environmental systems analysis of dairy production
Crisis management : International Symposium, Sydney, Australia, March 2000.
Cheese yield and factors affecting its control : proceedings of the IDF seminar held in Cork, Ireland, April 1993.
Dairy bacteriology
Valio/Vaaralan laitokset = Valio/Vaarala plant cheese packaging and processed cheese factory
Launching the product innovation to a market : case study from a dairy industry
The technology and manufacture of fermented milks : a collection of lectures about fermented milks held by the FAO in association with Finland
Simulation of human exposure to benzylpenicillin residues via pork originating from pigs fed with a dairy by-product
Whey proteins fractionation with membrane techniques
A study of the milk sector in Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Estonia
Structure of dairy products
Strategic alliances in the dairy industry : with special reference to Arla Foods
Dairy science and technology
Cheesemaking practice
Mechanisation and automation in dairy technology
B. W. Hammer : panegyric
Milk powder technology : evaporation and spray drying
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 4
Concentrated and dried dairy products
Factors affecting the yield of cheese
The aims of the present study were to analyze the market potential for Valio dairy products in the Volga and Urals Federal Districts (FD) in Russia. The research assesses the market potential by examining the target marketʼs economic, social and politic conditions, competitive environment and the consumption and current sales of dairy products. The research is a case study for the leading Finnish dairy product producer, Valio Ltd, which has operated in the Russian market for several years.The theoretical part of the research discusses the market research and the research methodology in general. Furthermore, it presents the peculiarities of the market research in the emerging markets. The empirical study is mainly based on secondary data sources such as statistics provided by the Russian Federal Statistical Service and privately bought researches on the current market players, their sales volumes and sales values in the Volga and Urals FDʼs. The empirical study indicates that both the Volga and Urals FDʼs consist of regions that are economically and socially on different levels. The most rapidly developing locales are the Sverdlovsk Region, the Chelyabinsk Region, the Samara Region and Tatarstan, and more specifically, their capital cities. These regions currently have the highest purchasing power and they also attract domestic and foreign investors the most. Dairy products are very traditional consumer goods in the target market, especially in Tatarstan, Bashkortostan and Sverdlovsk, and their consumption is relatively high compared to the average in Russia. Pasteurized milk, sour milk products, cheeses and yoghurts are currently the most popular dairy products in the examined market. Nearly every region has one or few large dairy companies that lead the local market along with a few national and international dairy product producers. The locally produced dairy products are very often the most affordable ones. The main conclusion is that both the Volga and Urals FDʼs are developing rapidly and their continuously increasing purchasing power, especially in the largest cities, creates a potential market for several dairy products. In general, the dairy products are very commonly consumed in each subject. The strong leaders in the local markets and their affordable prices are the main issues for Valio to be prepared for in the Volga and Urals FDʼs.
Contaminant aerobic sporeforming bacteria in the manufacturing processes of food packaging board and food
Ultrafiltration and reverse osmosis for the dairy industry
Probiotic dairy products
Analytical quality assurance and good laboratory practice in dairy laboratories : proceedings of an international seminar (AOAC International, CEC, IDF, VDM), Sonthofen - Germany, 18 - 20 May 1992.
Is "co-operative" a valuable element in market communication? : an empirical study of consumer perceptions
Yeasts in dairy industry : positive & negative aspects : proceedings of the symposium organized by Group F47, held in Copenhagen (Denmark), 2-3 September 1996
Proceedings of the Conference on Industrial Waste : held at Charles Church More Hall, April 28, 29, 1949.
A dictionary of dairying
Estonian Dairy Industry
Modern dairy technology. Vol. 2, Advances in milk products
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 3
Nisin immunity and food-grade transformation in lactic acid bacteria
Developing the loading process of a distribution vehicle in a dairy
Best available techniques (BAT) for the Nordic dairy industry
Dairy processing handbook
Cheese : chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 1, General aspects
Applied dairy microbiology
Rigid plastic dairy packagings in the market area of Sweden
Cream processing manual
Market potential of fibre-based packaging material with bio-degradable coating for dairy cups in Germany
Whey as raw material for development of new products for human nutrition and health : a review
Food engineering and dairy technology
The whey processing problems in Latvia
The post-war development of the dairy-industry in Finland
Dairy industries international
Drying milk and milk products
Abstract.
Dairy industry : inspection manual
Australian journal of dairy technology
Cheese and fermented milk foods
Yeasts in dairy industry : positive and negative aspects : proceedings of the symposium organized by Group F47, held in Copenhagen (Denmark), 2-3 September 1996
Possibilities of dairy technology - future visions
Sanitation in dairies
Functional foods as a strategic area for food manufacturers : a study on the manufacturer/retailer interface in the French food industry
Cleaning-in place : dairy, food and beverage operations
DairyNet : hygiene control in Nordic dairies
Cleaner production assessment in dairy processing
Genetic variation and evolution among industrially important Lactobacillus bacteriophages
Manufacturing yogurt and fermented milks
Combined biological and chemical treatment of dairy wastewater
Milk and dairy products: production and processing costs
Proceedings of the 25th International Dairy Congress, Aarhus 21 - 24 September 1998. 2, Dairy science and technology
Cheese: chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 2, Major cheese groups
Proceedings of the 25th International Dairy Congress, Aarhus 21 - 24 September 1998. 5, Quality and risk management
Manual for milk plant operators
Market potential for Valio Ltd's dairy products in the Volga and Urals Federal Districts In Russia
