http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7833 Latin literature
Latin literature
Andreae de Sancto Victore opera. T. 6, Expositionem in Ezechielem
The histories ; The annals : in four volumes. 3, Annals, books IV-VI, XI-XII
Quintiliani Institutionis oratoriae liber X : a revised text. P. 1, Introduction and text
The objective of this edition is textual and translational in nature. Since the works of Lydus are replete with Latin vocabulary, this book serves to bring it into English. The translation is faithful to the original and accurate so as to express Lydus' intended thoughts. His repetitious use of certain linguistic expressions, although sometimes awkward to render to English, have been retained in order to capture his peculiar linguistic and seemingly crabbed style. The book tries to put his words into working English for the first time, and the translators were meticulous in trying to do a tight word for word translation based on the text, free from interpretation.
The Annals of Quintus Ennius
The rollicking comedies of Plautus, who brilliantly adapted Greek plays for Roman audiences c. 205–184 BCE, are the earliest Latin works to survive complete and are cornerstones of the European theatrical tradition from Shakespeare and Molière to modern times. This fifth volume of a new Loeb edition of all twenty-one of Plautus's extant comedies presents Stichus, Three-Dollar Day, Truculentus, The Tale of a Traveling-Bag, and fragments with freshly edited texts, lively modern translations, introductions, and ample explanatory notes.
Reading the letters of Pliny the Younger : an introduction
The history of Rome. Vol. 5
P. Terenti Afri Comoediae = the comedies of Terence
Cicero: On fate (De fato). Boethius: The consolation of philosophy (Philosophiae consolationis) IV.5-7, V
This edition offers a compact portrait, in peace and in war, of the ancient Roman army, one of history's most famous and successful military organizations. Twelve literary passages combine with nine epigraphic and other documents to show soldiers who don't merely fight: Between battles, they march, drill, camp, construct public works, eat, drink, and - sometimes illegally - marry and have children. At times, and invariably with bloodstained results, troops also involved themselves in Roman politics. With selections from a variety of sources and a time span ranging from the First Punic War to the reign of M. Aurelius, this compact reader is like no other currently available.
Carme 16 : Eucharisticon ad Faustum episcopum
The confessions of Augustine
Fastorum libri sex. Vol. 1, Text and translation
Studies in the sound instrumentation in Latin literature
On Britain and Germany
The Latin Josephus. 1, Introduction and text : The antiquities: Books 1-5
M. Tulli Ciceronis Ad M. Brutum orator
Ovid, Fasti 1 : a commentary
Sibylline sisters : Virgil's presence in contemporary women's writing
Brill's encyclopaedia of the Neo-Latin world
Seneca's dialogues - as his epistolary essays have traditionally been known - offer an ideal path into the philosophical thought of firstcentury Rome's most famous Stoic, whose compelled suicide in 65 CE (by order of his former pupil Emperor Nero) drew comparisons to the death of Socrates. Notable for, among other things, their portrait of a providential universe and defense of the life of virtue, the nine dialogues included in this volume illustrate the deeply intertwined cosmological and moral arguments of ancient Rome's chief philosophical altervative to Epicureanism and Academic Skepticism. Peter J. Anderson's new translation conveys the distinctive character of Seneca's style, while striving for accuracy and consistency in its renderings of key terms. His introduction discusses the dialogues as works of art and situates them in the context of ancient Stoic philosophy as well as the wider philosophical scene.
Metamorphoses III
Two millennia of poetry in Latin : an anthology of works of cultural and historic interest. 1, The Late Classical Period and the early Middle Ages
Quintiliani Institutionis oratoriae liber X : a revised text.. Part 1
The histories ; The annals : in four volumes. 1, The histories, books I-III
As consul in 63 BC Cicero faced a conspiracy to overthrow the Roman state launched by the frustrated consular candidate Lucius Sergius Catilina. Cicero's handling of this crisis would shape foreverafter the way he defined himself and his statesmanship. The four speeches he delivered during the crisis show him at the height of his oratorical powers and political influence. Divided between deliberative speeches given in the senate (1 and 4) and informational speeches delivered before the general public (2 and 3), the Catilinarians illustrate Cicero's adroit handling of several distinct types of rhetoric. Beginning in antiquity, this corpus served as a basic text for generations of students but fell into neglect during the past half-century. This edition, which is aimed primarily at advanced undergraduates and graduate students, takes account of recently discovered papyrus evidence, recent studies of Cicero's language, style and rhetorical techniques, and the relevant historical background.
Confessions
The Christianisation of Latin metre : a study of Bede's De arte metrica
Incerti auctoris Aetna
The speeches : Pro Archia poeta - Post reditum in senatu - Post reditum ad Quirites - De domo sua - De haruspicum responsis - Pro Plancio
The history of Rome. Vol. 4
The Epic Distilled : studies in the composition of the Aeneid
Creative imitation and Latin literature
The Isis-book : Metamorphoses, book XI
A commentary on Martial : epigrams book 9
Thebaid : a commentary on book III
P. Ovidi Nasonis Tristium liber secundus
Confessions. 1, Introduction and text
Fastorum libri sex. Vol. 4, Commentary on books V and VI
Caesar's Gallic war = [De bello Gallico]
Roman poetry and propaganda in the age of Augustus
Poetic works
Studies in Latin poetry
Featuring over 2,200 entries, The Virgil Encyclopedia represents the first comprehensive reference volume to be published in English on Virgil, a poet whose works and thoughts have been at the center of Western literary, cultural, artistic, and pedagogical traditions for more than two millennia. Fills a gap in scholarship by representing the first comprehensive and up-to-date Virgil Encyclopedia published in English Offers readers a new accessibility not previously available on Virgil scholarship Complements existing Virgil reference works by providing readers of all levels an approachable point of entry into further Virgil studies brings together over 350 contributors who are top scholars in various periods of literary and cultural studies.
Cornelii Taciti Annalium ab excessu divi Augusti libri = The annals of Tacitus. Vol 2, Books XI-XVI
A Terence reader : selections from six plays
The Agricola ; The Germania
Virgil's Georgics
Suetonius on the life of Tiberius ; repr. of the 1941 ed. of chapters 1-23 ed. by M. J. Du Four ; repr. of the 1928 ed. of chapters 24-40 ed. by J. R. Rietra
The wandering scholars
Latin writings : a selection
Nearly 2000 years ago, the Roman scholar Censorinus bestowed upon his best friend a charming birthday present: The Birthday Book, which appears here in its first English translation. Laying out everything he knows about birthdays, Censorinus starts his book simply, explaining the proper way to sacrifice to one's birthday spirit. But by the conclusion of this brief yet brilliant gem, he has sketched a glorious vision of a universe ruled by harmony and order, where the microcosm of the child in the womb corresponds to the macrocosm of the planets. Alternately serious and playful, Censorinus touches on music, history, astronomy, astrology and every-aspect of time as it was understood in third-century Rome. He also provides ancient answers to perennial questions: Why does the day begin at midnight? Where did Leap Year come from? Which came first, the chicken or the egg?.
Epistles : book II
This book invites us to approach friendship not as something that simply is, but as something performed in and through language. Roman friendship is read across a wide spectrum of Latin texts, from Catullus' poetry to Petronius' Satyricon to the philosophical writings of Cicero and Seneca, from letters exchanged by the Emperor Marcus Aurelius and his beloved teacher Fronto, to those written by men and women at an outpost in northern Britain. One of the most innovative features of this study is the equal attention it pays to Latin literature and to inscriptions carved in stone across the Roman Empire. What emerges is a richly varied and perhaps surprising picture. Hundreds of epitaphs, commissioned by men and women, citizens and slaves, record the commemoration of friends, which is of equal importance to understanding Roman friendship as Cicero's influential essay De amicitia.
Simile and identity in Ovid's Metamorphoses
The Latin poetry of English poets
Selections from Lucretius
Lucius Annaeus Seneca (4 BCE-65 CE) was a Roman Stoic philosopher, dramatist, statesman, and adviser to the emperor Nero, all during the Silver Age of Latin literature. The Complete Works of Lucius Annaeus Seneca is a fresh and compelling series of new English-language translations of his works in eight accessible volumes. Edited by world-renowned classicists Elizabeth Asmis, Shadi Bartsch, and Martha C. Nussbaum, this engaging collection restores Seneca - whose works have been highly praised by modern authors from Desiderius Erasmus to Ralph Waldo Emerson - to his rightful place among the classical writers most widely studied in the humanities. Anger, Mercy, Revenge comprises three key writings: the moral essays On Anger and On Clemency - which were penned as advice for the then young emperor, Nero - and the Apocolocyntosis, a brilliant satire lampooning the end of the reign of Claudius. Friend and tutor, as well as philosopher, Seneca welcomed the age of Nero in tones alternately serious, poetic, and comic - making Anger, Mercy, Revenge a work just as complicated, astute, and ambitious as its author.
Chronographiae quae Theophanis continuati nomine fertur liber quo Vita Basilii Imperatoris amplectitur
Giovanni Pontano (1426–1503), whose academic name was Gioviano, was the most important Latin poet of the fifteenth century as well as a leading statesman who served as prime minister to the Aragonese kings of Naples. His Dialogues are our best source for the humanist academy of Naples which Pontano led for several decades. They provide a vivid picture of literary life in the capital of the Aragonese seaborne empire, based in southern Italy and the Western Mediterranean. This first volume contains the two earliest of Pontano's five dialogues. Charon, set in the underworld of classical mythology, illustrates humanist attitudes to a wide range of topics, satirizing the follies and superstitions of humanity. Antonius, a Menippean satire named for the founder of the Neapolitan Academy, Antonio Beccadelli, is set in the Portico Antoniano in downtown Naples, where the academicians commemorate and emulate their recently-deceased leader, conversing on favorite topics and stopping from time to time to interrogate passersby.
P. Cornelii Taciti Annalium ab excessu divi Augusti libri = the annals of Tacitus. Vol. 1, Books I-VI
Fastorum libri sex. Vol. 5, Indices. Illustrations. Plans
Dialogues. Vol. 1, Charon and Antonius
Orationis ratio : the stylistic theories and practice of the Roman orators, historians and philosophers
Cornelii Taciti Annalium ab excessu divi Augusti libri = the annals of Tacitus. Vol. 2, Books XI-XVI
ALF MCMXCVII : IX Conventus internationalis = 9th International Congress : Jyväskylä, 6-13 Aug, 1997, Finlandia
The Gallic war
The Annals of Q. Ennius
Reading Roman friendship
Selected prose
Petri Abaelardi Opera theologica. 3, Theologia 'summi boni', Theologica 'scholarium'
Studies in Latin literature and Roman history. 10
The poems of Catullus
In these dialogues and essays the Stoic philosopher Seneca outlines his thoughts on how to live in a troubled world. Tutor to the young emperor Nero, Seneca wrote exercises in practical philosophy that draw upon contemporary Roman life and illuminate the intellectual concerns of the day. They also have much to say to the modern reader, as Seneca ranges widely across subjects such as the shortness of life, tranquillity of mind, anger, mercy, happiness, and grief at the loss of a loved one. Seneca's accessible, aphoristic style makes his writing especially attractive as an introduction to Stoic philosophy, and belies its reputation for austerity and dogmatism. This edition combines a clear and modern translation with an introduction to Seneca's life and philosophical interests, and helpful notes.
P. Ovidi Nasonis Metamorphoseon liber octavus
With its striking range and penetrating depth, Brill's Encyclopaedia of the Neo-Latin World traces the enduring history and broad cultural influence of Neo-Latin, the form of Latin that originated in the Italian Renaissance and persists to the modern era. Featuring original contributions by a host of distinguished international scholars, this two-volume work explores every aspect of the civilized world from literature and law to philosophy and the sciences. An invaluable resource for both the advanced scholar and the graduate student.
Medieval Latin and the rise of European love-lyrik. 1, Problems and interpretations
Ad Lucilium epistulae morales : in three volumes. 2
This Latin reader offers 14 selections from the works of Marcus Tullius Cicero, orator, statesman, philosopher, and man of letters, who lived (106-43 BCE) during the final generations of the Roman Republic. Passages have been selected from Cicero's orations, his rhetorical and philosophical writings, and his letters. Each of the passages (which vary in length from 25 to 60 lines) has a detailed commentary, explicating grammatical, syntactical, and historical points of interest.
M. Fabi Quintiliani Institutionis oratoriae liber decimus : a revised text
Amor and psyche : the psychic development of the feminine : a commentary on the tale by Apuleius
Studies in Latin literature and Roman history. 9
A handbook of Latin literature : from the earliest times to the death of St. Augustine
Ciris : a poem attributed to Vergil
P. Vergili Maronis Aeneidos : lib. VII : The wrath of Turnus
Selections from Vergil
The love books of Ovid, being the Amores, Ars amatoria, Remedia amoris and Medicamina faciei femineae
A Cicero reader : selections from five essays and four speeches, with five letters
Medea
Varro the farmer : a selection from the Res rusticae
Selected letters
Confessions. 2, Commentary on Books 1-7
Confessions. 3, Commentary on Books 8-13; Indexes
Fastorum libri sex. Vol. 2, Commentary on books I and II
On the months = De mensibus
Dialogues and essays
The Virgil encyclopedia
The Cena Trimalchionis of Petronius together with Seneca's Apolocyntosis and a selection of Pompeian inscriptions
Juvenal and Persius
Octavia is a work of exceptional historical and dramatic interest. It is the only surviving complete example of the Roman historical drama known as the fabula praetexta . Written shortly after Nero's death by an unknown author, the play deals with events at the court of Nero in the decisive year 62 CE, for which it is the earliest extant (almost contemporary) literary source; its main themes are sex, murder, politics, power and the perceptions and constructions of history. It is a powerful, lyrical and spectacular play. This is the first critical edition of Octavia, with verse translation and commentary, which aims to elucidate the text dramatically as well as philologically, and to locate it firmly in its historical and theatrical context. The verse translation is designed for both performance and serious study.
[History of Alexander] : in two volumes. 1, Books I-V
Compendium of Roman history : Res gestae divi Augusti
Pliny the Younger's nine-book Epistles is a masterpiece of Roman prose. Often mined as a historical and pedagogical sourcebook, this collection of 'private' letters is now finding recognition as a rich and rewarding work in its own right. The second book is a typically varied yet taut suite of miniatures, including among its twenty letters the trial of Marius Priscus and Pliny's famous portrait of his Laurentine villa. This edition, the first to address a complete book of Epistles in over a century, presents a Latin text together with an introduction and commentary intended for students, teachers and scholars. With clear linguistic explanations and full literary analysis, it invites readers to a fresh appreciation of Pliny's lettered art.
The birthday book
The silver age of Latin literature : from Tiberius to Trajan
The scriptores historiae Augustae : in three volumes
Fastorum libri sex. Vol. 3, Commentary on books III and IV
Cornelii Taciti Annalium ab excessu divi Augusti libri = The annals of Tacitus. Vol. 1, Books I-VI
Ovid ́s Art of love : in three books. Together with his Remedy of love
Tragedies. 2, Agamemnon ; Thyestes ; Hercules Oetaeus ; Phoenissae ; Octavia
The letters of Pliny the Younger contained in this volume provide intermediate and advanced Latin students insight into the political and social life of the early imperial period of Rome. Pliny portrays himself as a generous benefactor to his hometown, a supporter of education, and a patron who promotes the political and literary careers of younger men. His correspondence with Trajan, including the emperor's responses, documents Pliny's governorship of the province of Bithynia-Pontus. The letters also reveal more personal aspects of his life, including his relationship with his wife, his views on slavery, and his experiences during the eruption of Mt. Vesuvius that killed his uncle, Pliny the Elder.
Plautus. Volume V, Stichus ; Three-dollar day ; Truculentus ; The tale of a travelling-bag ; Fragments
D. Iunii Iuvenalis Saturae XIV = Fourteen satires of Juvenal
A Roman army reader : twenty-one selections from literary, epigraphic, and other documents
This volume, intended for third- and fourth-year college and advanced high-school use, presents a selection of annotated passages in Latin from six plays by Terence: Andria, Heauton, Phormio, Hecyra, Eunuchus, and Adelphoe. The introduction discusses Terence's enrichment of the comic genre he inherited from the Greeks and the hallmarks of his second-century BC Latin and its grammar. Terence's plays are not merely showcases for his superb Republican Latin style. They represent an obvious post-Plautine shift in the comedy Rome inherited from Greece. There is a new respect for the real human situations behind well-rehearsed comic plots, and questions prod the cultural norms that are depicted on stage. Latin selections in this edition include sizeable passages from the beginnings, middles, and ends of all six of Terence's plays, giving the experience of the general structure of his comedy. Notes illuminate Terence's ingenuity in complicating plots, shifting sympathies, and manipulating character types. This Reader offers a memorable sample of Terence's comic art, a unique presence in Latin literature.
The poems
Selected dialogues and consolations
The pseudo-historical image of the Prophet Muḥammad in medieval Latin literature : a repertory
This masterful new verse translation of Virgil's Georgics speaks as powerfully to our times as it did to the ancient poet's. Janet Lembke presents this unsurpassed nature poem in an American idiom that is both elegant and sensitive to the meaning and rhythm of Virgil's original paean to the earth.
