http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7830 pragmatics
pragmatics
Understanding pragmatic markers : a variational pragmatic approach
Asking for the hand of the girl : marriage arrangement discourse in Turkish culture
Presuppositions of compound sentences
Contrastive semantics and pragmatics
Analysing English as a lingua franca : a corpus-driven investigation
Pragmatics : a multidisciplinary perspective
Encoding emotions in African languages
Keeping in touch with pragma-dialectics : in honor of Frans H. van Eemeren
Word meaning negotiation in online discussion forum communication
The role of data at the semantics-pragmatics interface
Communication in the workplace
Meaning in interaction : an introduction to pragmatics
Interlanguage pragmatics : exploring institutional talk
"Pragmatics is the study of human communication: the choices speakers make to express their intended meaning and the kinds of inferences that hearers draw from an utterance in the context of its use. This Handbook surveys pragmatics from different perspectives, presenting the main theories in pragmatic research, incorporating seminal research as well as cutting-edge solutions. It addresses questions of rational and empirical research methods, what counts as an adequate and successful pragmatic theory, and how to go about answering problems raised in pragmatic theory. In the fast-developing field of pragmatics, this Handbook fills the gap in the market for a one-stop resource to the wide scope of today's research and the intricacy of the many theoretical debates. It is an authoritative guide for graduate students and researchers with its focus on the areas and theories that will mark progress in pragmatic research in the future"--Provided by publisher.
A too ambiguous concept to be taught? : English teachers' notions of pragmatic competence
Semantics and pragmatics : meaning in language and discourse
Pragmatics and linguistics : Festschrift for Jacob L. Mey on his 60th birthday 30th October 1986
Communicating with one another : toward a psychology of spontaneous spoken discourse
An inquiry into the appropriateness conditions of utterances in natural language
"I haven't had that much fun since labour." : Subtitling sarco-ironic remarks in Gilmore girls
Indirect speech acts revisited
Whales, candlelight, and stuff like that : general extenders in English discourse
Argumentation : across the lines of discipline : proceedings of the Conference on Argumentation 1986
A man of measure : festschrift in honour of Fred Karlsson on his 60th birthday
Reference
Multilingual language use and metapragmatic reflexivity in Finnish internet football forums : a study in the sociolinguistics of globalization
Understanding historical (im)politeness : relational linguistic practice over time and across cultures
The semantics of free indirect discource : how texts allow us to mind-read and eavesdrop
The Balkan Slavic appellative
Indirect speech : its principles and practice
Collected papers of Charles Sanders Peirce. Vol. 5, Pragmatism and pragmaticism. Vol. 6, Scientific metaphysics
Earthing the cosmic queen : relevance theory and the Song of Songs
The pragmatics of discourse coherence : theories and applications
Technology in interlanguage pragmatics research and teaching
Pragmatic Markers in Contrast
Current trends in child second language acquisition : a generative perspective
Understanding quotation
While European languages have been quite frequently studied with respect to cultural-historical, sociopolitical and word-form-oriented issues, the study by Joachim Grzega is the first monograph that deals intensively with the search for commonalities of European languages with respect to the use of word-forms, i.e. pragmalinguistic aspects. The book addresses basic general definitory questions (e.g. what is "European," what is "Eurolinguistic"?), it discusses and creates methodological approaches of qualitative and quantitative research, it compares working with naturally gathered (spoken and written) language data (e.g. Wikipedia, EU minutes, Facebook) and working with language data artificially elicited by questionnaires, and it makes suggestions on how the results of analyses on speech-acts, address terms, word-connotations and other communicative patterns could be interpreted. Grzega's volume includes numerous case studies related to synchronic, historical and applied europragmatics, transferring results into numerous figures (among them the map of the flight of the Europragmatic bumblebee, showing the distribution of 36 Europragmatic features).
Evidentials and relevance
Pragmatics and its manifestations in language
Speech management on the non-written life of speech
Pronominal subjects in Peninsular Spanish and European Portuguese : semantics, pragmatics, and formulaic sequences
Humorous texts : a semantic and pragmatic analysis
An introduction to the nature and functions of language
Breadth and depth of semantic lexicons
Pragmatik : Handbuch pragmatischen Denkens = Pragmatics : handbook of pragmatic thought. Bd. 3, Allgemeine philosophische Pragmatik = General philosophical pragmatics
On formalizing 'context' or, why complexity does not equal impossibility
Words without meaning
Pragmatic aspects of persuasion : coherence
Semantics : a reader
Bridging inferences : constraining and resolving underspecification in discourse interpretation
Requests in complaints written by Finnish junior high school across CEFR proficiency levels A1 to B2
Argumentation : perspectives and approaches : proceedings of the Conference on Argumentation 1986
The use of context in pragmatic language comprehension in normally developing children and children with Asperger syndrome/high-functioning autism : an application of relevance theory
Pragmatic and the flexibility of word meaning
Whose language? : a study in linguistic pragmatics
Explorations in the semantics/pragmatics interface
Contact linguistics
The crosslinguistics of zero-marking of spatial relations
Meaning and grammar : an introduction to semantics
Pragmatics : a reader
Pragmatics : an introduction
The semiotics of writing : transdisciplinary perpectives on the technology of writing
Language files : materials for an introduction to language and linguistics
Misleading Estonia advertisement headlines
Intercultural communication as a research field
Die Sprache in Aktion : Pragmatik, Sprechakte, Diskurs = Language in action : pragmatics, speech acts, discourse
Discourse as data : a guide for analysis
Arenas of language use
The role of cultural and other assumptions : taking a frame-theoretical look at the pragmatics of translation
Drawing the boundaries of meaning : neo-Gricean studies in pragmatics and semantics in honor of Laurence R. Horn
Approaches to presupposition
X-phemism in social satire : "In Taboos We Trust" South Park, Colorado
Pragmatic markers and sociolinguistic variation : a corpus-based study
The Cambridge handbook of pragmatics
Understanding pragmatics
A semantic and pragmatic model of lexical and grammatical aspect
Mind, code and context : essays in pragmatics
The many faces of overlap : non-competitive overlap in a conversation between Finnish and British speakers of English
The pragmatic perspective : selected papers from the 1985 International Pragmatics Conference
A Romance perspective on language knowledge and use : selected papers from the 31st Linguistic Symposium on Romance Languages (LRSL), Chicago, 19-22 April, 2001
Cognitive aspects of language use : [Proceedings of the Second Israeli Cognitive Symposium held at Tel Aviv University, Apr. 1-4, 1986]
Pragmatic philosophy : an anthology
Renewing meaning : a speech-act theoretic approach
Interacting in an institutional setting
Semantic, pragmatic, and discourse perspectives of preposition use : a study of Indonesian locatives
Presupposition and linguistic context
The third Riga symposium on pragmatic aspects of translation : proceedings
Handbook of argumentation theory : a critical survey of classical backgrounds and modern studies
Pragmatic a priori knowledge : a pragmatic approach to the nature and object of what can be known independently of experience
At the syntax-pragmatics interface : verbal underspecification and concept formation in dynamic syntax
Beyond the sentence : discourse and sentential form
Pragmatic Syntax
Fuzzy coherence : making sense of continuity in hypertext narratives
The semiotics of performance
Irish sign language : a cognitive linguistic account
What kind of corpus annotation is needed in sociopragmatic research?
A comprehensive bibliography of pragmatics. 1
"Onko tämä sitä creativitya" : a case study of the functions of code switching by IB students in a WhatsApp conversation
Understanding utterances
Linguistic communication as action and cooperation : a study in pragmatics
Meaning in Interaction: An Introduction to Pragmatics is a comprehensive introductory text which discusses the development of pragmatics - its aims and methodology - and also introduces themes that are not generally covered in other texts. Jenny Thomas focuses on the dynamic nature of speaker meaning, considering the central roles of both speaker and hearer, and takes into account the social and psychological factors involved in the generation and interpretation of utterances. The book includes a detailed examination of the development of Pragmatics as a discipline, drawing attention to problems encountered in earlier work, and brings the reader up to date with recent discussion in the field. The book is written principally for students with no previous knowledge of pragmatics, and the basic concepts are covered in considerable detail. Theoretical and more complicated information is highlighted with examples that have been drawn from the media, fiction and real-life interaction, and makes the study more accessible to newcomers. It is an ideal introductory textbook for students of linguistics and for all who are interested in analysing problems in communication.
Space in danish sign language : the semantics and morphosyntax of the use of space in a visual language
Discourse strategies
Information structure and sentence form : topic, focus, and the mental representations of discourse referents
How languages work : an introduction to language and linguistics
Key terms in pragmatics
Synchronic and diachronic investigations in pragmatics
"Jieun Kiaer puts forward an argument in this book that the grammar of a language directly underpins the processing of the language, in real time. This is a view that runs against the orthodoxy of linguistic theorizing for the last 50 years, which has insisted that languages have to be characterized in terms that make little or no reference to the dynamics of language use. This orthodox view fails to fit languages in which the verb has to be at the end of the clause - which encompasses more than half of the world's languages. Thus, as this book shows, these languages remain very problematic for conventional theories. Using a mixture of corpus methods, sentence structure analysis, prosody and psycholinguistic theory, Kiaer redresses this imbalance. The data features both Korean and English example and it functions as one of the very first general introductions to Dynamic Syntax available"--
David Crystal's introduction to language : a complete course /by David Crystal
Studying language : English in action
Romanticism, pragmatism and deconstruction
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
The structure of discourse-pragmatic variation
Bibliography of pragmatics online
Studies in Europragmatics : some theoretical foundations and practical implications
Narrative language in typically developing children, children with specific language impairment and children with autism spectrum disorder
Since the turn of the millennium, there has seen an increase in the inclusion of typography, graphics and illustration in fiction. This book engages with visual and multimodal devices in twenty-first century literature, exploring canonical authors like Mark Z. Danielewski and Jonathan Safran Foer alongside experimental fringe writers such as Steve Tomasula, to uncover an embodied textual aesthetics in the information age. Bringing together multimodality and cognition in an innovative study of how readers engage with challenging literature, this book makes a significant contribution to the debates surrounding multimodal design and multimodal reading. Drawing on cognitive linguistics, cognitive psychology, neuroscience, semiotics, visual perception, visual communication, and multimodal analysis, Gibbons provides a sophisticated set of critical tools for analysing the cognitive impact of multimodal literature.
Studies in the acquisition of deictic terms
The German language and the real world : sociolinguistic, cultural, and pragmatic perspectives on contemporary German
Oh as a discourse marker
Argumentation : analysis and practices : proceedings of the Conference on Argumentation 1986
Cooperating with written texts : the pragmatics and comprehension of written texts
Here and there : cross-linguistic studies on deixis and demonstration
Pragmatic adaptation in translating Skeptics vs creationists: a formal debate from English into Finnish
Reference and reflexivity
The handbook of pragmatics
Where prosody meets pragmatics
Changes in the field of obligation and necessity in contemporary British English : a corpus-based sociolinguistic study of semi-modal NEED TO
Communication : strategic action in context
Finnish summary.
Cohesion through contrast : discourse structure in Shaba Swahili/French conversations
Irony and humor : from pragmatics to discourse
Categories and functions
Pragmatics of natural languages
Pragmatik : Handbuch pragmatischen Denkens = Pragmatics : handbook of pragmatic thought. Bd. 1, Pragmatisches Denken von den Ursprüngen bis zum 18. Jahrhundert
Pragmatic competence in the English of Finnish upper secondary school students
Discourse and word order
Contrastive semantics and pragmatics. Vol. 1, Meanings and representations
This book brings together novel work on the semantics and pragmatics of certain indefinite expressions that also convey modality. These epistemic indefinites are determiners or pronouns that signal ignorance on the part of the speaker, such as German irgendein and Spanish algun: the sentence Maria se caso con algun medico ('Maria married some doctor or other') both makes an existential statement that there is a doctor that Maria married and signals the speaker's inability or unwillingness to identify the doctor in question. Although epistemic indefinites have featured in recent semantic literature, a full understanding of the phenomenon is still lacking: there is currently no agreement on the source of their epistemic component; there is insufficient cross-linguistic data to develop a semantic typology of these items; and the parallelisms and differences between epistemic indefinites and other expressions that convey epistemic modality have not been explored in depth. In this volume, a team of experts in the field offer novel empirical observations and important theoretical insights on epistemic indefinites and related topics such as modal free relatives, modified numerals, and epistemic modals. They provide a coherent overview of the issues that shape the subject as well as placing them in the context of current semantic research, moving towards the development of a semantic typology of epistemic indefinites that explores the place of these expressions within a general typology of modal items.
Learning how to request in an instructed language learning context
Explorations in semantics and pragmatics
Multimodality, cognition, and experimental literature
Constructions in cross-language research : verbs as pragmatic particles in solv
Lexical markers of common grounds
Mutual knowledge
Pragmatics in speech and language pathology
Pragmatics and the logic of questions and assertions
Pragmatics, discourse and text : some systemically-inspired approaches
Pragmatics
Introduction to pragmatics
What do we talk about when we talk? : speculative grammar and the semantics and pragmatics of focus
An introduction to pragmatics : social action for language teachers
Introduction to Pragmatics guides students through traditional and new approaches in the field, focusing particularly on phenomena at the elusive semantics/pragmatics boundary to explore the role of context in linguistic communication. * Offers students an accessible introduction and an up-to-date survey of the field, encompassing both established and new approaches to pragmatics * Addresses the traditional range of topics -- such as implicature, reference, presupposition, and speech acts -- as well as newer areas of research, including neo-Gricean theories, Relevance * Theory, information structure, inference, and dynamic approaches to meaning * Explores the relationship and boundaries between semantics and pragmatics * Ideal for students coming to pragmatics for the first time.
Perspectives on language use and pragmatics : a volume in memory of Sorin Stati
Meaning in language : an introduction to Semantics and Pragmatics
Politeness strategies in weblog comments
Working with spoken discourse
"This student-friendly introduction to linguistic pragmatics explains all the major developments in core theoretical pragmatics and engages with the most recent debates in the field. It includes sections demonstrating how pragmatics can be applied to the study of literature, language acquisition and clinical linguistics"--Provided by publisher.
Construction of FTAs in the fictional world of Gilmore Girls
Information structure
Handbook of pragmatics online
Shifting the focus : from static structures to the dynamics of interpretation
Foundations of pragmatics and lexical semantics
Earthing the Cosmic Queen explores the connection of poet, world, and text in the Song of Songs based on the process of reading as understood by Relevance Theory. This linguistic theory reveals new insights into the Song of Songs by tracing associations between the poet and her world. The main portion of this book involves a discourse analysis of the entire Song for the purpose of revealing the poet's cognitive environment and communicative intentions. Seven sites of discourse are explored: entreaties, wasf, the daughters, royalty, the brothers, losing and finding, and the Garden. The Garden of Eden strongly figures and could be considered a flashpoint of engagement. There is suggestion in the text that there is a crisis for the poet regarding her place in ancient Hebrew society. Thus, the Garden of Eden texts and the Song of Songs are carefully contrasted to highlight the contours of her radical message.
Observations on some pragmatic particles in English telephone conversations
Smysly, teksty i drugie zahvatyvaûŝie sûžety : sbornik statej v čest' 80-letiâ I. A. Mel'čuka = Meanings, texts and other exciting things : a festschrift to commemorate the 80th anniversary of professor Igor Alexandrovič Mel'čuk
Default semantics : foundations of a compositional theory of acts of communication
Concise encyclopedia of pragmatics
New perspectives on Romance linguistics : selected papers from the 35th Linguistic Symposium on Romance Languages (LSRL), Austin, Texas, February 2005.. Vol. 1, Morphology, syntax, semantics and pragmatics
Thoughts and utterances : the pragmatics of explicit communication
Studies in the pragmatics of discourse
Epistemic indefinites : exploring modality beyond the verbal domain
Argumentation : analysis and practices
Translation typology
Handbook of pragmatics : [2015 installment]
Pragmatics exercises and pragmatic metalanguage in English United textbook series for Finnish upper secondary school
Signs in society : studies in semiotic anthropology
Language, thought and reference
