http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p783 agricultural production
agricultural production
Chilean journal of agricultural research
Income and nutritional effects of the commercialization of agriculture in southwestern Kenya
The effect of climatic variations on agriculture in Finland
Replacement decisions on Finnish dairy farms : toward better economic performance with novel technology and sustainable herds
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Organic food in the European Union : production, consumption and the development of markets
Sustainable agriculture - Poland and Portugal
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : case studies from Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India
Policy harmonized approach for the EU agricultural sector modelling
In search of biohappiness : biodiversity and food, health and livelihood security
Production incentives in Philippine agriculture: effects of trade and exchange rate policies
Grass-fed nation : getting back the food we deserve
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
The economics of subsistence agriculture
Economic geographical analysis of the Finnish paper industry
Foreign investment, law and sustainable development : a handbook on agriculture and extractive industries
Researching sustainable systems : first Scientific Conference of the International Society of Organic Agriculture Research (ISOFAR) in cooperation with the International Federation of Organic Agriculture Movements (IFOAM) and the National Association for Sustainable Agriculture, Australia (NASAA), 21 - 23 September 2005, Adelaide Convention Centre, Adelaide, South Australia : proceedings
Report of the second World Food Congress, The Hague, Netherlands, 16-30 June 1970. Vol. 1.
Agriculture in Finland : Northern farming conditions and impact of E.U. accession
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2005.
The food crisis in Africa : a comparative structural analysis
Organic agriculture and the law
Syrian agriculture at the crossroads
A comparative geography of China and the U.S
Climate change is a major challenge for us all, but for African countries it represents a particular threat. This book outlines current thinking and evidence and the impact such change will have on Africa's development prospects.
Who really feeds the world? : the failures of agribusiness and the promise of agroecology
The parts of life : agricultural biodiversity, indigenous knowledge, and the role of the third system
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Food security and public distribution system today : failures and successes
Biotechnology : building on farmers' knowledge
Farms of northern Finland
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: I Elevated temperatures
Towards an agro-industrial future : an International symposium exchanging experience between countries, 28 June - 4 July 1988.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Measures of protection: methodology, economic interpretation and policy relevance
"Contemporary agriculture confronts the challenge of increasing demand in terms of quantitative and qualitative production targets. These targets have to be achieved against the background of soil and water scarcity, world-wide and regional shifts in the patterns of land use driven by both climate change and the need to develop crop-based sources of energy, and the environmental and social aspects of agricultural sustainability. Hence, this book compiles a multi-authored perspective on the ways in which crop physiology could be integrated with other disciplines. With a focus on genetic improvement and agronomy, this book addresses the challenges of environmentally sound production of bulk and quality food, fodder, fiber and energy which will be faced over the next decade".
Why has Africa become a net food importer : explaining Africa agricultural and food trade deficits
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2015
Manifestos on the future of food & seed
Coffee boom, government expenditure, and agricultural prices: the Colombian experience
Agriculture and economic growth in Argentina, 1913-84
Practical handbook of agricultural science
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Energy use in global food production : considerations for sustainable food security in the 21st century
Energy balances and electricity profiles
Food and agriculture in Papua New Guinea
The demand for public storage of wheat in Pakistan
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
"This Case for Action urges that improving policy coherence between employment and agricultural initiatives and investigating more in the promotion of decent rural employment contribute highly to the interlinked challenges of fighting rural poverty and feeding a growing world population in a sustainable way. Even more importantly, decent work is a fully fledged human right, enshrined in international human rights law, to which each person is entitled as a means of personal development and socio-economic inclusion. While the ILO leads the Global Employment and Decent Work Agenda, FAO has a crucial comparative advantage in promoting decent work in rural areas, specifically with respect to employment in agriculture, including livestock, forestry, fisheries and management of natural resources, as well as agroprocessing and retailing. Given its mandate to raise levels of nutrition, improve agricultural productivity, better the lives of rural populations and contribute to the growth of the world economy, FAO has a significant responsibility within this context. This Case for Action further clarifies the reasoning behind this statement and suggests entry points for increased synergies and inter-disciplinary collaboration."--Introduction.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Climate change in Africa
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The plan for the world food congress : Washington, D.C., 4-18 June 1963.
Nontraditional export crops in Guatemala : effects on production, income, and production
Population and food supply : McDougall memorial lecture
Feeding weaned piglets and growing-finishing pigs with diets based on mainly home-grown organic feedstuffs
Alternative uses for agricultural surpluses : proceedings of the Seminar on "Research and the Problems of Agricultural Surpluses in Europe", held in Brussels, Belgium, on 25-27 June 1985
Ecosystem services : from biodiversity to society. Part 1
Productivity and profitability in the different production lines in agriculture
Food, agriculture and rural development : current and emerging issues for economic analysis and policy research
Finnish agriculture in 1989
Urban agriculture in Zimbabwe : implications for urban management and poverty
Paying farmers for environmental services
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2003.
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2008.
Food security in a changing Africa : proceedings of the Workshop on Africa Food Security in a Changing Environment: Sharing Good Practices and Experiences held in Kampala, Uganda, June 6-9, 2001
This book focuses on future global climate change and its implications for agricultural systems which are the main sources of agricultural goods and services to society. This book brings together a series of chapters providing scientific insights to possible implications of projected climate changes for different crop types and livestock systems.
Biotechnology and development : challeges and opportunities for Asia
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
Organic supply chains for small farmer income generation in developing countries : case studies in India, Thailand, Brazil, Hungary and Africa
World food prospects : critical issues for the early twenty-first century
World hunger : 12 myths
Lomé conventions, agriculture and trade relations between the EU and the ACP countries in 1975-2000
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Analysis of the relation between rural poverty, malnutrition and hunger, and the interlinks with agricultural production growth and productivity growth with special reference to Mozambique and Bangladesh
Impacts of reducing red meat consumption on agricultural production in Finland
Agroecological innovations : increasing food production with participatory development
From Marx and Mao to the market : the economics and politics of agricultural transition
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Policies for multifunctional agriculture : the trade-off between transaction costs and precision
Report on the state of the world's plant genetic resources for food and agriculture : prepared for the International Conference on Plant Genetic Resources Leipzig, Germany, 17-23 June 1996.
Saving the planet with pesticides and plastics : the environmental triumph of high-yield farming
Biological husbandry : a scientific approach to organic farming
Rural financial services and effects of microfinance on agricultural productivity and on poverty
Crop physiology : applications for genetic improvement and agronomy
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Emissions mitigation in New Zealand dairy farming : a delphi study
Agri info : guidelines for world crop and livestock production
The food problems of Bangladesh
This paper summarises the simulated effects on Finnish agricultural production and trade of a 20% decrease in Finnish demand for red meat (beef, pork, lamb). According to our results, reduced red meat consumption would be offset by increased consumption of poultry meat, eggs, dairy products and fish, as well as small increases in consumption of fruits and vegetables, peas, nuts, cereal products and sweets. By including the derived demand changes in an agricultural sector model, we show that livestock production in Finland, incentivised by national production-linked payments for milk and bovine animals, would decrease by much less than 20% due to the complex nature of agricultural production and trade. Overall, assuming unchanged consumer preferences and agricultural policy, a 20% reduction in red meat consumption is not likely to lead to a substantial decrease in livestock production or changed land use, or greenhouse gas emissions, from Finnish agriculture.
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Class dynamics of agrarian change
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2010.
Deforestation and risk in agriculture production: a socio-economic analysis using compromise programming at the village level in the West Usambara Mountains, Tanzania
Finnish agriculture
Role of price policy in stimulating agricultural production in Africa
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
Seed sovereignty, food security : women in the vanguard of the fight against GMOs and corporate agriculture
Climate change impact and adaptation in agricultural systems
Economic policies and agricultural performance of low-income countries
The farm accountancy data network : report = Réseau d'information comptable agricole : rapport. 1987. Economic situation of agricultural holdings in the EEC = Situation économique des exploitations agricoles dans la CEE
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2000.
Agriculture in Australia : an introduction
Food. Volume 2, material aspects of food
Food security in Finland
Famine prevention in India
Nature and impact of the green revolution in Bangladesh
Trends in agricultural policies since 1955 : report
Review of agricultural policies : general survey
Aggregate crop production functions in Finnish agriculture in 1956/57-1968/69
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2002.
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
The agricultural situation in the European Union : 2002 report
Computing time and energy requirements to assess tractor operational efficiency : application to a plowing operation
The conquest of bread : 150 years of agribusiness in California
Environmental policy integration in practice : shaping institutions for learning
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
Structural adjustment and agriculture : African and Asian experiences
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
Rural poverty report 2001 : the challenge of ending rural poverty
CAPD and agricultural development in the Republic of China on Taiwan : March 1979 - September 1984.
Crop yield response to water
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
An introduction to human-environment geography : local dynamics and global processes
Barriers to the adoption of organic farming in the European Union
Impacts of ozone pollution on food security in the UK : a case study for two contrasting years, 2006 and 2008
"This paper reviews case studies on smallholder seed enterprises in Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India, as well as relevant world literature in order to identify key issues that facilitate or constrain the development of the seed factor. The final section provides some guidelines on policy design and implementation to promote the development of sustainable seed enterprises at different stages in the evolution of national seed factors. It provides examples of good practices and hence seeks to assist governments in identifying ways in which they can support the development of smallholder seed enterprises that will provide the most appropriate varieties to smallholder farmers in their efforts to boost food production."--Provided by publisher
Analysis factors affecting supply of agricultural products : market liberalization, agricultural policies, bioenergy policies, population growth, input price development, trade policies and other relevant factors
Survey of Danish agriculture
Green technologies in food production and processing
Will there be enough food?
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Debunking the notion that our current food crisis must be addressed through industrial agriculture and genetic modification, author and activist Vandana Shiva argues that those forces are in fact the ones responsible for the hunger problem in the first place. Who Really Feeds the World? is a powerful manifesto calling for agricultural justice and genuine sustainability, drawing upon Shiva's thirty years of research and accomplishments in the field. She proposes that instead of relying on genetic modification and large-scale monocropping to solve the world's food crisis, we should look to agroecology —the knowledge of the interconnectedness that creates food— as a truly life-giving alternative to the industrial paradigm. Shiva succinctly and eloquently lays out the networks of people and processes that feed the world, exploring issues of diversity, the needs of small famers, the importance of seed saving, the movement toward localization, and the role of women in producing the world's food.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Variation in temperature challenges crop production and animal farming. Elevated temperatures are often harmful, though may also open opportunities at high latitudes. Impacts depend on the vulnerability of the object, production system and their resilience to climatic variability. The station-wise temperature observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for a time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to measure the likelihood for: 1) elevated temperatures of a) ≥1 °C above normal for three weeks, b) ≥2 °C above normal for two weeks and c) ≥3 °C above normal for one week, and 2) heatwaves with daily maximum temperature >25 °C for: a) 5 days (short) or b) 14 days (long episode). We also estimated the likelihood of warm winds in the early growing season which may enhance pest migration. We found large spatial and temporal variations in the likelihoods of elevated temperatures with many impacts on crop production, animal farming and welfare. In fact, only 1 °C temperature elevation may already be harmful, though in some cases also beneficial depending on region and vulnerability or adaptation of the object and production system. Though we show only some examples of the potential impacts of temperature variation on high latitude agro-ecosystems, these data are valuable as such for much wider applications in agriculture and beyond that.
2009 organic farm management handbook
Finnish agriculture in 1988
Aspects of food production, consumption and energy values
African agriculture : the next 25 years. Main report
Agricultural markets : the new regulations
Report of the second World Food Congress, The Hague, Netherlands, 16-30 June 1970. Volume 2.
The future of food : long-term prospects for the agro-food sector
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2007.
Incentives and constraints in the transformation of Punjab agriculture
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
Report of the Panel of Eminent Experts on Ethics in Food and Agriculture
Supply management by government in agriculture : proceedings of the 12th symposium of the European Association of Agricultural Economists (EAAE) May 26th-29th, 1986, Espoo, Finland
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2001.
CONSEQUENCES OF POPULATION GROWTH ON AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION IN OBINGWA LOCAL GOVERNMENT AREA OF ABIA STATE NIGERIA.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The development of large-scale agricultural mechanization required to sustain food production, combined with limited conventional fuel resources, spurs on to better assess the time and energy investments required for commodities production. The proposed analysis is based on the description of field working dynamics collected on an experimental tractor during a plowing operation. The energy needs can there be characterized as having a dual alternating profile, depending on the tractor working phase within the field. As a result, two field oriented performance indicators consisting in time efficiency [h.ha-1] and area specific consumption [l.ha-1] are defined out of the profile characteristics. A model converting the draft of an implement into an engine running point is then developed to compute these indicators. The model is fitted on data collected over conventional bench tests, and is validated by an application to a plowing operation. Lastly, a sensitivity analysis on the operational parameters is conducted.
Impact of agricultural market liberalization on food security in developing countries : a comparative study of Kenya and Zambia
Proposals for a World Food Board
Russia is a globally important oil and gas producer.Russian hydrocarbons are not only crucial to the domestic economy but also to European countries depending on energy imports.This paper reviews the current stand and future prospects of Russian oil and gas production and exports.Russia has clearly stated that it wants to diversify its oil trade by increasing its exports to other areas than Europe.At the same time, many countries have seen their gas import prices rising significantly.As energy prices and exports have also been the main driver behind the current economic boom in Russia, there is no doubt that Russian energy will stay high on both the economic and political agenda of the EU and its member countries at least in any foreseeable future.The question remains whether there is enough Russian oil and gas for all new pipelines planned, as well as whether the huge investment needs of the energy sector can possibly be fulfilled, given the current investment climate and increasing government influence in the major energy firms.  Keywords: energy, oil, natural gas, Russia, EU .
African agriculture : the next 25 years. Annex 3, Raising productivity
Review of agricultural policies in OECD member countries 1974-76
Scheduling farm operations: a simulation model
Agricultural and food policy
Agricultural development in Africa and the supply of manufactured goods
Effects of agricultural commercialization on land tenure, household resource allocation, and nutrition in the Philippines
The Baltic environment, food and health: from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Research handbook on EU agriculture law
New crops, new uses, new markets : industrial and commercial products from U.S. agriculture
Russian energy sector / prospects and implications for  Russian growth, economic policy and energy supply
Managing erosion, sediment transport and water quality in drained peatland catchments
Decent rural employment for food security : a case for action
Primrose McConnell's The agricultural notebook : facts and figures for farmers, students, and all engaged or interested in farming
Annual and seasonal changes in mineral contents (Ca, Mg, P, K and Na) of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
Finnish agriculture in 1990
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
Policy harmonized (PH) approach allows for the quantitative assessment of the impact of various elements of EU CAP direct support schemes, where the production effects of direct payments are accounted through reaction prices formed by producer price and policy price add-ons. Using the AGMEMOD model the impacts of two possible EU agricultural policy scenarios upon beef production have been analysed - full decoupling with a switch from historical to regional Single Payment scheme or alternatively with re-distribution of country direct payment envelopes via introduction of EU-wide flat area payment. The PH approach, by systematizing and harmonizing the management and use of policy data, ensures that projected differential policy impacts arising from changes in common EU policies reflect the likely actual differential impact as opposed to differences in how “common” policies are implemented within analytical models. In the second section of the paper the AGMEMOD model's structure is explained. The policy harmonized evaluation method is presented in the third section. Results from an application of the PH approach are presented and discussed in the paper's penultimate section, while section 5 concludes.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2006.
Agricultural systems : economics, technology and diversity
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Dimensions of needs : statistics of some of the world's food and agricultural problems
The Mozambican agricultural sector : a background information
Finnish agriculture in 1991
Systems theory applied to agriculture and the food chain
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2004.
Technical change in Finnish grass silage production
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
Towards holistic agriculture : a scientific approach
Food : from farm to table
How to farm for profit : practical enterprise analysis
Current and emerging issues for economic analysis and policy research
"An in-depth look at agroecology, an alternative to the world's current food crisis" --
Works in progress : plans and realities on Soviet farms, 1930-1963
FAO statistical pocketbook ... : world food and agriculture
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Non-distorting farm support to enhance global food production
Globalising food : agrarian questions and global restructuring
US Baseline briefing book : projections for agricultural and biofuel markets
The Baltic environment, food and health : from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2009.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok 2011 = Yearbook of farm statistics 2011.
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Do inspection practices in organic agriculture serve organic values? : A case study from Finland
Agriculture's futures : America's food system
Report on the 1980 world census of agriculture : results by countries : Brazil, Germany, Fed. Rep. of, India
Forward hedging under price and production risk of wheat
